Buy Photo Iowa State takes on Kansas at Hilton Coliseum on Saturday. (Photo: Mark Marturello/The Register)Buy Photo
AMES, Ia. – I'll betcha a Diet Coke that at least two of the following happen during Saturday's 8
p.m. Never A Dull Moment series also known as Cyclones vs. Jayhawks:
•Someone will bank in an off-balance desperation 3-pointer at the horn — likely from somewhere around half court.
•Someone, probably a player, will end up with a bloody face.
•An agitated fan will get so close to someone from the Jayhawks that security will make it look worse than it actually is.
•The Big 12 will reprimand a ref (or two) for making faulty calls.
•A player will play after having been called for their fifth foul.
•Both coaches will get technical fouls.
•Players will get flagrant fouls.
•Refs will come between trash-talking players.
•Did I mention an overtime or three?
An evening like this is why we're college basketball fans. This appointment-viewing Iowa State-Kansas game is the reason ESPN is hosting its "College GameDay" show at Hilton Coliseum on Saturday morning.
It's Fred Hoiberg against Bill Self, for golly sakes. It's Georges Niang against Perry Ellis, and Monte Morris against Frank Mason, and Dustin Hogue against that high-flyer otherwise known as Cliff Alexander.
It's 11th-ranked Iowa State (2-1 Big 12, 12-3 overall) trying to bounce back from Wednesday's one-point loss at Baylor against a ninth-rated Kansas outfit (3-0 and 14-2) that stands tall as the Big 12's lone unbeaten — and is gunning for its 11th consecutive conference championship, either won outright or shared.
If it's anything like past games, then buckle up and prepare to be entertained. History guarantees it.
=====
The blood bath
Score: Iowa State 94, No. 10 Kansas 83 in the semifinals of the Big 12 Tournament last season.
Skinny: This was so aggressive that Niang left the game with 1:23 remaining, blood dripping from their right eye after taking a charge under the basket. From tipoff to horn, players entered free-throw lanes at their own risk.
"Everyone says they have more potential, more NBA draft players," Melvin Ejim said of the Jayhawks. "We won."
Niang led the Cyclones with 25 points, including 14 during the second half. They also had a game-high five stitches.
The game included Hoiberg's second technical foul of their coaching career — for walking onto the floor to greet their team during a media timeout. An official thought they were walking briskly toward him, thus the technical — and thus a curse word from Hoiberg. And then having to be restrained by players and assistants.
CLOSE Iowa State's Georges Niang talks about the charge they took that opened a bloody cut over their right eye.
=====
Elijah Johnson of Kansas is fouled by Iowa State's Georges Niang (31) late in a 2013 game. Big 12 officials later said parts of the game were poorly officiated, including this call. (Photo: Reese Strickland-USA TODAY Sports)
Refs suspended
Score: Kansas 108, Iowa State 96 in OT on Feb. 25, 2013 in Ames:
Skinny: It was a Big 12 Conference classic, regardless of who won before a raucous, 14,376-fan sellout. There were 18 lead changes during a game in which Jayhawk Elijah Johnson scored 30 of their 39 points after halftime — and 10 in the overtime.
Iowa State led 87-82 with 44.5 seconds to play, then fell victim to Johnson, who took the game over with Kansas' next eight points, including two free throws after getting the Jayhawks' end of a block-charge situation against Niang.
"I can't get too much into that call," Hoiberg said.
Johnson added insult to loss by dunking with just a second remaining on the clock, setting off a chorus of boos and police coming between an unidentified Iowa State fan and Kansas coach Bill Self.
And don't let me forget to mention that Kansas 7-footer Jeff Withey played the last 30 seconds with five fouls. Kevin Young duped the refs into thinking a foul was on him, not Withey.
A day later, Big 12 officials admitted parts of the game were officiated poorly, including the block-charge that went against Niang.
"Officiating errors were made at the end of regulation," the Big 12 statement said. "The plays have been reviewed and appropriate measures will be taken by the Coordinator of Men's Basketball Officials to adjust the number of future assignments for the two officials involved in conjunction with Conference policies."
NEWSLETTERS Get the High School Sports newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Highlights and top stories on high school sports and athletes. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-877-424-0225. Delivery: Mon-Sun Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for High School Sports Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
The Big 12 did not mention the name of the officials, but replay showed that Tom O'Neill and Bert Smith were closest to the under-the-basket plays in question.
"Kansas ... benefited from some of the most atrocious end-game officiating in recent history in Ames on Monday night," Pat Forde wrote on the Yahoo! Sports website. "(Officials) Bert Smith and Tom O'Neill should be suspended by the Big 12 for outright incompetence after robbing the Cyclones."
It didn't stop there. Seth Davis of CBS and Sports Illustrated tweeted: "About as bad as I've seen. Ref totally froze."
About as bad as I've seen. Ref totally froze. RT @roomway: where do you stand on the call/no call from last night's KU/Iowa St game? — Seth Davis (@SethDavisHoops) February 26, 2013
=====
(Photo: John Rieger-USA TODAY Sports)
Foul or no foul
Score: Kansas 97, Iowa State 89 in OT on Jan 9, 2013 at Kansas:
Skinny: Tyrus McGee DID foul Kansas' Ben McLemore with just more than a second to play. "The ref just didn't call it," Iowa State's slick-shooting guard said after McLemore's bank-three sent the game into overtime.
"I got them on the bottom of their hand. I should have smacked them in the head," McGee said.
=====
The return of Hilton Magic
Score: Iowa State 72, Kansas 64 on Jan. 28, 2012 in Ames.
Skinny: "Hilton Magic was definitely in full effect," Hoiberg said after their guys upset the fifth-ranked Jayhawks.
Magic was in such effect that Kansas players were forced to take an alternate route on their postgame slow walk to the locker room.
It was Iowa State's first home win against a top-five team since upsetting No. 3 Kansas in 1995.
So once again, it's Iowa State vs. Kansas.
Lights. Camera.
Game On!
BP reported an annual loss of €4.5bn in 2015, its worst in at least 20 years as the British oil and gas company struggled with a sharp downturn in the oil market.
BP reported an annual loss of €4.5bn in 2015, its worst in at least 20 years as the British oil and gas company struggled with a sharp downturn in the oil market.
BP reports the worst annual loss in at least 20 years
Underlying replacement cost profit, BP's definition of net income, for the fourth quarter of 2015 came in at $196 million, significantly lower than analysts' expectations of $730 million.
Fourth-quarter impairments were $2.6 billion due to low oil prices.
"We are continuing to move rapidly to adapt and rebalance BP for the changing environment," said BP Chief Executive Bob Dudley in a statement.
Reuters
The Great Retreat was a strategic withdrawal from the Galicia-Poland salient conducted by the Imperial Russian Army during September 1915 in World War I. The Russians' critically under-equipped and (at the points of engagement) outnumbered forces suffered great losses in the Central Powers' July–September summer offensive operations, this leading to the Stavka ordering a withdrawal to shorten the front lines and avoid the potential encirclement of large Russian forces in the salient. While the withdrawal itself was relatively well conducted, it was a severe blow to Russian morale.
Background [ edit ]
During this period, the buildup of forces generally favoured the Central Powers. Four new German armies, the 11th, 12th, Army of the Niemen and Army of the Bug were formed. Given the steady erosion of the Russian armies' combat power due to a poorly administered system of reinforcement, particularly of officers, this dramatically shifted the balance of power in the eastern theatre to the Central powers as 13 Central Powers armies faced 9 under-strength Russian armies. Under pressure from the Kaiser, Falkenhayn gave in to Hindenburg and Ludendorff's insistence on an offensive in the region. Although Ludendorff and Austro-Hungarian General Staff Chief Conrad von Hötzendorf favored an encirclement operation (attacking the extreme north-east and south-east of the salient), just as the Stavka feared, Falkenhayn vetoed this on the grounds of the Central Powers' logistical limitations which confined them to slow advances along major railway lines.
Commanders of the Russian Field Armies in Poland had already worked to persuade the Stavka to order a withdrawal from the salient, but the Stavka had felt unable to take such a bold move due to the political implications. The Stavka also did not permit tactical withdrawals within the salient such as the Second Army's proposal to withdraw behind the Vistula, forcing the field armies to hold tactically disadvantageous or even indefensible positions.
Offensive [ edit ]
Despite heavy initial resistance, the Gorlice–Tarnów Offensive of May–June 1915 eventually resulted in a series of tactical breakthroughs and Mackensen's armies crossed the San River and re-took the Austro-Hungarian fortress at Przemyśl, the Russians leaving the Galician capital of Lvov on 22 June. At this point the Stavka began planning a retreat from the Poland salient as the Russians's forces in southern Poland withdrew northward to a new defensive line anchored on the Vistula river and the fortress of Ivanovgrod. Between 23 and 27 June the Germans established bridgeheads across the Dniester to the south, but were halted by Russian counterattacks from the east in July.
More worryingly for the Stavka, the German Tenth and Niemen armies pressed through on the extreme north end of the line in Courland. Although there was nothing worth defending in the area, the Stavka felt pressured to defend it on principle and so created a new army to defend the region. When this army was defeated and pushed back from Courland, the Stavka's over-estimation of the Germans logistical capabilities led to them fearing that these advances could be used as a springboard for further advances. It was feared that further successful advances in the north, combined with a fresh offensive in the south, could lead to the encirclement of the entire Poland-salient. Over-estimation of German naval capabilities also led to fears of an offensive thrust through Pskov to Petrograd with the aid of amphibious landings in the capital itself.
Due to heavy losses in the Gorlice–Tarnów Offensive the Russian Army as a whole was a million combat troops, roughly 30%, short of its nominal strength of 1.8 million combat troops as well as being in an exposed position in the Poland Salient.
The Russian field armies at this time were critically short of modern weapons and ammunition of all kinds—artillery, machine guns, and even rifles. In the words of David Lloyd George, then the British Minister of Munitions, "The Russians, with their inferior equipment and serious shell deficiency, were quite unable to reply. Retreat was the only expedient open to them to save their armies from complete destruction."[5]
The obsolescent fortresses of Novogeorgievsk, Ivangorod, Grodno, Osowiec, and Dvinsk, that were on or near the front lines at the time, contained considerable artillery, including some modern types. It was hoped that these could compensate for the temporary weakness of the infantry and render the Ivangorod-Lublin-Chełm line defensible.
On 13 July, the Central Powers' armies opened a new offensive across the entire front. By 17 July the forces Gallwitz's forces in the center-north had taken 80% losses, and although they had only been forced back only some 8 km they had to retreat across the Narew to avoid total annihilation. German advances in the far north in Latvia and Lithuania took the fortress of Grodno in a matter of days, when the Stavka had assumed that it could hold for weeks at the least, and with the renewal of Austro-Hungarian attacks in the south the Stavka now believed that the encirclement of the Poland-salient was inevitable without an immediate withdrawal and so ordered the abandonment of the defensive lines along the Narew and Vistula, trusting that the fortresses could cover the retreat of its forces.
German Cavalry entering Warsaw on August 5, 1915.
By 13 July, the entire southern wing had been pushed back another 160 km (99 mi) to the Bug River, leaving only a small portion of Congress Poland in Russian hands, anchored on Warsaw and the Ivangorod fortress. On 22 July, armies of Central Powers crossed the Vistula river. In August, the Russian Fourth army left the Ivangorod fortress. With the continuing Russian retreat, Warsaw became isolated, and the German 12th Army (under Gallwitz) seized the opportunity and conquered it on 4–5 August.
New attacks by the German Eighth, Tenth and Twelfth armies moving south out of Prussia soon caused even this front to collapse, sending the entire northern end of the Russian lines streaming backward, eventually forming a line running north-south at about the pre-war eastern Prussian border.
The Germans, after having received considerable reinforcements, took Brest-Litovsk on 25 August. On 19 September, Hindenburg's forces captured Vilna.
Aftermath [ edit ]
With their troops starving and their forces critically under-strength due to battle-casualties and particularly disease, the German advance was halted by Russian counter-attacks in late September. The new frontline ran from the Baltic sea to the Romanian border by way of the Belarusian forests and disease-ridden Pripyet Marshes. The new line was roughly on the line of Riga-Jakobstadt-Dünaburg-Baranovichi-Pinsk-Dubno-Ternopil.
On 21 August 1915, Tsar Nicholas II took advantage of the Stavka's blunders, in losing so many troops to the Central Powers' summer offensives and then retreating only when it was too late, to effectively neuter its power by removing Grand Duke Nicholas Nikolaevich from their post as its head, taking direct control of the army.
Russian terror and atrocities against civilians [ edit ]
Peasants from a destroyed village in front of a shack constructed from debris, environs of Warsaw, 1915
As the Russian army retreated, the Chief of the General Staff Nikolai Yanushkevich, supported by Grand Duke Nicholas, ordered the army to devastate the border territories and expel the "enemy" nations within. The Russian authorities launched pogroms against German populations in Russian cities, massacred Jews in their towns and villages and deported 500,000 Jews and 250,000 Germans into the Russian interior. On 11 June 1915, a pogrom began against Germans in Petrograd, with over 500 factories, stores and offices looted and mob violence unleashed against Germans. The Russian military leadership regarded Muslims, Germans and Poles as traitors and spies, while Jews were considered political unreliables.
See also [ edit ]
Citations [ edit ]
^ Norman Stone, The Eastern Front, 1975, p.191 ^ Norman Stone, The Eastern Front, 1975, p.174 ^ Richard L. DiNardo, 2010, p. 132-133 ^ Norman Stone, The Eastern Front, 1975, p.191 ^ Lloyd George, David. War Memoirs of David Lloyd George. Vol. 1. London: Ivor Nicholson & Watson, 1933. p. 451-52.
Bibliography [ edit ]
A Florida woman discovered an egg-cellent activity to do with their pet chicken — paddleboarding.
Karly Venezia told FOX13 they take their 1-year-old chicken named Loretta paddleboarding in Islamorada because it's an activity that both of them enjoy on a nice day.
“Loretta is very curious and follows us around the yard, and living in the Florida Keys, we like to get out on the water so it only seemed natural to us to take Loretta paddleboarding and boating and things that we do with our dogs," they said.
Venezia said Loretta isn't like other chickens and is fond of water-related activities.
“In addition to paddleboarding, we've taken them out boating for sunsets and they always seem to have a great time,” they said.
The pet owner said paddleboarding is “very calming” and gives them quality time to hang out with them chicken.
Venezia added, “She's an awesome pet to have. For us, I think, coming out here and getting to enjoy the beautiful sunsets is what makes living in the Keys so special.”
A South Bay resident is grieving this week after their dog was found dead in their stolen SUV.
Police say Michael McVey's Nissan Pathfinder, where they left their 16-year-old Akita named Keiko, went missing while they were shopping at the Walmart Supercenter in Gilroy on Feb. 23.
“I'm assuming they left all or some of their windows rolled down to allow for some ventilation,” said Sgt. Pedro Espinoza with the Gilroy Police Department.
When McVey left the store, the Pathfinder was gone. Surveillance camera footage shows two men leaving the parking lot in McVey's vehicle, police say.
Four days later, the vehicle was found abandoned in San Jose, and Keiko was dead in the back seat.
Gilroy police have not pinned the dog's death on the car thieves yet, but they're on the lookout for the two men.
McVey told KPIX-5, “If I could get my hands on them, it wouldn't be fun. At least for them.”
By Steve Tawa
PHILADELPHIA (CBS) — The Committee of Seventy, which champions fair elections and political accountability, brought together the outgoing and incoming Mayor at its annual post-election luncheon.
Hundreds of supporters of Seventy and its better government advocacy agenda saw Mayor Michael Nutter receive the first ever Champion of Integrity in Government Award, presented by the organization's Chairman of the Board, Stephen Tang.
“As mayor, they set the tone from the top, that members of the administration would meet the highest standards of integrity and ethical behavior.”
The award is named after Joan Markman, the city's first Chief Integrity Officer, whose office investigates complaints of fraud, corruption and unethical behavior. They passed away earlier this year.
Nutter, who appointed Markman, says they ‘misses them greatly.'
“Joan's moral compass never, ever failed her.”
Mayor-elect Kenney backed then Councilman Michael Nutter years ago to support the creation of the City's Board of Ethics.
As a mayoral candidate last March, Kenney's first policy paper centered on strenthening ethics policies. They included what they called Driving Down Pay-to-Play, referring to the practice of awarding government contracts in exchange for campaign contributions.
“We are going to go forward and build on the things that the nutter administration has done on transparency, ethics, and integrity in government.”
Kenney, who spent 23 years on City Council, first introduced pay to play legislation back in 2003.
In 2007 and 2011, Seventy distributed an “Ethics Agenda” to the mayoral candidates, and it is pleased that many of its reforms recommended in its agendas have been achieved.
Brampton taxpayers and councillors are demanding a police investigation into a secretive program authorized by senior staffers who paid non-union employees $1.25 million without council's knowledge or approval going back to 2009. “The whole administration in Brampton has become a joke,” said Regional Councillor John Sprovieri, as questions mount about who was behind and benefitted from the secretive fund revealed in a report delivered to the audit committee last week. The fund handed out discretionary salary increases to 167 non-union city employees — including bonuses for “favouritism” — between Jan. 1, 2009, and May 14, 2014, the report found.
Brampton councillor John Sprovieri is demanding a police investigation after a report last week about a secret bonus program in which $1.25 million in payments were handed to non-union staff, without the knowledge of council. ( DAVID COOPER / TORONTO STAR FILE PHOTO )
“Council did not authorize these payments and staff took the money without proper approvals and that to me is no better than someone taking money out of the cash (register) when nobody is looking,” Sprovieri said in an interview. The bombshell news last week led to a flood of calls and emails to the Brampton Guardian and social media posts by taxpayers demanding a police probe. Responding to the outcry, Sprovieri said, “I think we should call in the cops to see if this was fraud and whoever was responsible for approving this should be brought to justice.” Sprovieri said they will seek council's support for a police force other than Peel's (to avoid any appearance of a conflict) to conduct the investigation.
Article Continued Below
The audit report delivered to councillors June 7 focuses on a practice that became common among the city's non-union staff called Outside Policy Requests (OPR). Payments to individual staff ranged from as little as $123 to more than $95,000, the audit report said. A total of $316,000 was paid to just eight employees. Councillors will vote next week (June 21) on staff's recommendation to immediately abandon the OPR practice. Brampton's auditors said the bonuses were not authorized under relevant rules and that, over time, OPR “requests were approved for reasons beyond its initial intention.” They added that with no oversight or formalized processes “the OPR practice became mismanaged.” The report notes that “favouritism” was listed as one of the top 10 reasons to allow an OPR bonus in documents never shared publicly or with council.
After the report's release, Mayor Linda Jeffrey stepped up their previous calls to have an outside set of eyes look further into the city's finances. They have even suggested a permanent, independent auditor general for Brampton, similar to the oversight of council and administrators in their “flight attendantship over public funds” that Toronto's AG provides. “This is at best serious negligence and at worst corruption,” they said in an email last week. “I will continue to explore any and all avenues available to us.”
Article Continued Below
With residents screaming for an investigation, Jeffrey said Monday they would support “any third-party investigation ... residents are demanding that we get to the bottom of this and respect their tax dollars.” Many taxpayers agree. “Brampton taxpayers deserve answers,” said resident George Startup, who attends most city council meetings and has been highly critical of staff mismanagement in the past. Asked who was responsible for initiating and approving the program and payments, and for the names of staffers that received the secret bonuses, Brampton spokesperson Natalie Stogdill said, “The city will not be citing specific individuals.” “We are committed to the recommendations and action plans to strengthen our internal controls moving forward,” read a statement provided by the city. Regional Councillor Elaine Moore, who chaired the audit committee for much of the period identified in the audit report, said they knew nothing of the practice and would throw their support behind a police investigation. Regional Councillor Gael Miles, who has been on council for three decades and is the former budget chair who directly oversaw city budgets during much of the secret OPR program, defended the practice last week, denying that the secretive payments amounted to a “slush fund.”
Read more about:
VANCOUVER — The Green Party didn't attract much attention Tuesday with its call for a national Pharmacare program.
Pity. Because, despite the conventional view that Canada can't afford to subsidize medications for all its citizens, growing evidence suggests it may be the other way round — that we can't afford not to.
The first hint is that everybody else — well, almost everybody — does it. Among the 33 developed countries that make up the OECD, only the U.S. provides a lower percentage of its citizens with a public drug plan. And only Mexico is close to Canada's second-worst, 50-per-cent level. Every other country covers at least 80 per cent, and two-thirds cover 100 per cent. If small economies like Slovenia and Portugal — not to mention big ones like the U.K. and Germany — find this worthwhile and affordable, maybe Canada would too.
Secondly, past studies have found that 10 per cent of Canadians can't afford to take their medications as prescribed, and a new survey suggests the number may be higher still, especially in B.C.
An Angus Reid Institute poll released this month found 19 per cent of British Columbians get no help from private or public insurance plans to pay for prescriptions, and nearly half are stuck with at least half the cost. As well, 29 per cent — six percentage points higher than the national average, and 10 points higher than in Quebec, which has the most comprehensive provincial Pharmacare program — have at least one family member who didn't fill a prescription, or skipped doses, or cut pills in half to save money.
It is hard to estimate the economic cost — lost productivity, costly treatments if illnesses are allowed to get worse, or even premature death — of such a high level of non-compliance. But studies show the highest compliance rates are for drugs that have nothing do with saving lives — they are, in order of compliance, to treat erectile dysfunction, to provide contraception, and to relieve pain. But if these drag down the average non-compliance rate, then prescriptions for other ailments, including serious ones, must be dragging it back up.
A third reason to consider universal Pharmacare is a more easier-to-measure economic loss.
Green leader Elizabeth May's plan sounded too good to be true as they outlined it — annual cost of $300 million a year for the feds to set up a national Pharmacare agency in return for savings to the health-care system of up to $11 billion a year.
But these estimated savings aren't something dreamed up in the party's backrooms — they are drawn from a recent scholarly analysis by UBC health economist Steven Morgan, a leading researcher in the field.
The issue, Morgan told me in an interview, is that the whole system is fundamentally flawed and inefficient. Despite recent agreements by the provinces to cooperate on drug purchases — an approach Morgan thinks is worthwhile, but not nearly enough — neither the governments nor the dozens of private insurers have enough clout with drug companies to negotiate best prices. Not to mention the millions of uninsured who have no negotiating power at all.
As well, governments spend $3 billion a year on employees' health insurance premiums, Morgan said, and businesses pay several times that — money that would be saved if we had universal Pharmacare.
May didn't pitch their plan simply as something a Green government would implement if their party is elected — a long-shot by any measure. Rather, they called on other parties to work together on this.
This isn't likely to happen in the toxic partisan environment of federal politics, especially during an election campaign.
But given the Angus Reid poll's finding that 39 per cent of Canadians strongly support and 48 per cent moderately support adding prescription drugs to the universal medicare program (B.C.'s numbers are 44 per cent and 47 per cent), it's an issue other parties ignore at their peril.
dcayo@vancouversun.com.
===
Click here to report a typo or visit vancouversun.com/typo.
Is there more to this story? We'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. CLICK HERE or go to vancouversun.com/moretothestory
Bloodthirsty bandits. Vicious monsters. Tons of loot. Lock, Load and face the madness. Gearbox Software's acclaimed sci-fi hit comes to the Mac. Borderlands is a unique hybrid of first-person shooter and role-playing game with a super sharp visual style and a compelling 4 player co-op modes.
Planet Pandora is a sparsely populated wasteland where the rule of law gets rewritten daily in the smoke of the last gun battle. Civilization consists of small outposts on the fringe of human influence, in an area called the Borderlands. Pandora's one tourist attraction is a mythical Vault supposedly packed with fantastic riches.
Fortune hunters, corrupt corporate mercenaries and lowlife hoodlums roam the landscape, searching under every grain of sand for the treasure. Since most intelligent life on Pandora has the occupation of Vault Hunter, society has gone to hell - making the outposts and outback areas more than just a little dangerous.
Unique hybrid role playing shooter that combines frantic first-person shooting action with accessible role-playing character progression.
Super sharp graphics style gives Borderlands a unique comic book come-to-life look.
Co-op Frenzy – drop in and out with up to 4 player co-operative for a maniacal multiplayer experience
Millions of randomly generated guns! Choose your weapon from rocket-launching shotguns, enemy-torching revolvers, and tons more.
Huge single-player game with four playable characters and endless replayability.
© 2010 Gearbox Software, LLC. Published and distributed by 2K Games under license from Gearbox Software, LLC. Borderlands and the Borderlands logo are trademarks of Gearbox Software and used under license. 2K Games and the 2K Games logo are trademarks of 2K Games in the U.S. and/or other countries. Gearbox Software and the Gearbox logo are registered trademarks of Gearbox Software, LLC in the U.S. and/or other countries. Uses Scaleform GFX © 2010 Scaleform Corporation. Scaleform GFX is a registered trademark of the Scaleform Corporation. Unreal® is a registered trademark of Epic Games, Inc. Unreal® Engine, Copyright 1998-2010, Epic Games, Inc. Uses FMOD Ex Sound System © 2010 Firelight Technologies. All rights reserved. FMOD Ex Sound System is a registered trademark of Firelight Technologies. All other copyrights or trademarks are the property of their respective owners and are being used under license. All rights reserved. The content of this videogame is purely fictional, and is not intended to represent or depict any actual event, person, or entity. Any similarity between any depiction in this game and any actual event, person or entity is purely coincidental. The makers and publishers of this videogame do not in any way endorse, condone or encourage engaging in any conduct depicted in this videogame. The ratings icon is a trademark of the Entertainment Software Association. Mac and the Mac logo are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Feral and the Feral logo are trademarks of Feral Interactive Ltd.
DICKINSON COUNTY— Four people died in an accident just after 10a.m. Tuesday in Dickinson County.
The Kansas Highway Patrol reported a 2001 Dodge Dakota driven by Lisa A. Luft, 47, Kearney, MO. was westbound on Interstate 70.
Due to weather conditions the pickup hit the guardrail just east of Solomon.
The pickup traveled 230 feet beside the guardrail and then continued 150 feet on top of the guardrail before falling approximately 25 feet off the bridge. It landed on an embankment next to the railroad tracks below on its top.
Luft and passengers Brianna E. Luft, 20, and Saleena A. Senezee, 18, all of Kearney, MO., were pronounced dead at the scene.
A fourth passenger Aria L. Luft, 14, Kearney, MO., was transported to the hospital in Abilene where they died. The passengers were not wearing seat belts, according to the KHP.
—————
DICKINSON COUNTY—Just after 10 a.m., the Dickinson County Sheriff's Department requested assistance from the Kansas Highway Patrol after taking a report of the single vehicle crash westbound near Abilene with multiple fatalities.
According to Trooper Ben Gardner, three people were pronounced dead at the scene and another died at the hospital shortly after. Multiple families had to be notified so the names haven't been released yet.
The cause of the accident is also still under investigation.
Trooper Gardner said that the KHP was busy this morning with non-injury “slide-offs” caused by snowfall. Weather is also believed to have played a factor in this morning's fatality, according to Trooper Gardner.
Dart is not coming to Chrome, Google announced today.
The lingua franca of the web is JavaScript, but with Dart, Google launched a project that effectively aimed to replace JavaScript. In Google's view, Dart offered advantages like static typing and other features that made it a better choice for developers.
The idea was for Google and other browser vendors to integrate Dart right into the browser, but even Google itself never did so (except for launching a special build of Chrome that supported it), and now it looks like it never will.
“In order to do what's best for our users and the web, and not just Google Chrome, we will focus our web efforts on compiling Dart to JavaScript,” Dart co-founders Lars Bak and Kasper Lund wrote today. “We have decided not to integrate the Dart VM into Chrome.”
Dart always allowed developers to write code in Dart and then compile it to JavaScript, so there's nothing all that new there. The expectation, however, was always that Google would bring Dart directly to the browser sooner or later. Bak and Lund note that this means the team will now adopt a “more focused strategy for Dart for the web.”
Inside of Google, the company's teams now maintain about a million lines of Dart code, so Google isn't likely to completely abandon the language anytime soon. Indeed, Bak and Lund note that the Google Ads team especially remains committed to the language.
“We are committed to building our next-generation web apps with Dart, and a renewed focus on generating optimal JavaScript helps us deliver great apps to everyone with a modern browser,” Ads VP of Engineerings Scott Silver writes today. “Dart has significantly improved our engineers' productivity and our ability to quickly launch and iterate.”
Despite all of this, though, today's announcement does cast a shadow over the future of the language. As numerous commenters on Hacker News note today, Dart influenced the development of the latest versions of JavaScript, so it definitely succeeded in that respect, but Google surely had bigger plans for it.
Other browser vendors — and especially Mozilla — never picked up on Dart, though, and developers aren't all that likely to write their apps in a language that only runs in one browser. Dart will likely now take its place among other “compile to JavaScript” languages like CoffeeScript or TypeScript.
by NORML
This afternoon, the House of Representatives voted 231 to 192 in favor of the Heck-Perlmutter-Lee-Rohrabacher Amendment, which will restrict Treasury Department and SEC funds from being spent to penalize financial institutions for providing services to marijuana related business that operate according to state law. This proposal amends H.R. 5016, a spending bill for fiscal year 2015 that funds the Internal Revenue Service, Treasury Department, and Securities and Exchange Commission.
The amendment reads:
“None of the funds made available in this Act may be used, with respect to the States of Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Hawaii, Illinois, Iowa, Kentucky, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, Oregon, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Utah, Vermont, Washington, or Wisconsin or the District of Columbia, to prohibit, penalize, or otherwise discourage a financial institution from providing financial services to an entity solely because the entity is a manufacturer, producer, or person that participates in any business or organized activity that involves handling marijuana or marijuana products and engages in such activity pursuant to a law established by a State or a unit of local government.”
This vote comes on the heels of another recent historic vote in the House of Representatives, that restricted Department of Justice and DEA funds from being used to interfere in state approved medical marijuana programs. That measure is still awaiting action in the US Senate. This measure, HR 5106, will now be sent to the Senate as well.
“The recent votes in the House of Representatives demonstrate bi-partisan support at the federal level to allow states to experiment with new marijuana policies, free from federal interference,” stated NORML Communications Director Erik Altieri, “If implemented, this amendment will help alter the current untenable status quo that forces otherwise law abiding businesses to operate on a cash only basis, making them a target for criminal actions and unduly burdening their operations.”
Obama and Scaramucci
Before they were tapped as Donald Trump's new communications director, hedge fund manager Anthony Scaramucci tried—and failed—to take on then-president Barack Obama over their Wall Street policies.
At a town hall in 2010, Obama took a question from Scaramucci, who at the time worked at the hedge fund management company SkyBridge. The exchange starts out amicably, with Scaramucci reminding the president they went to law school together.
“You've done very well, congratulations,” Obama slyly replied, prompting the audience to laugh and applaud.
“I represent the Wall Street community, we have felt like a pinata,” Scaramucci began, asking Obama what their plans were to “heal” Wall Street. This question—just two years after one of the biggest recessions in our nation's history—appeared to strike a cord with Obama.
“I have been amused over the past couple of years, this sense somehow of me beating up Wall Street,” Obama said. “I think most folks on Main Street feel like they got beat up on.”
“And I'll be honest with you, there's a big chunk of the country that thinks I've been to soft on Wall Street,” they added. That's probably the majority, not the minority.”
Obama went on to argue Scaramucci and their Wall Street pals “shouldn't be feeling put upon.”
“The question should be how can we work with you to continue growing the economy.” Obama said.
“The notion that somehow me saying maybe you should be taxed more … I don't think that's me being extremist or being anti-business,” they added.
We were saddened to learn of the death of versatile actor Bill Paxton, at age 61, after suffering a fatal stroke eleven days after surgery to replace a heart valve and repair damage to their aorta.
Night Flight reached out to Barret Hansen, a.k.a. Dr. Demento, who recalled for us the day they spent with Paxton back in 1980 when they were both involved in filming of the Barnes & Barnes short film/video for “Fish Heads,” a cult classic which aired on “Night Flight” several times during the 1980s.
Robert Haimer of Barnes & Barnes with Bill Paxton (right)
The novelty song “Fish Heads” was recorded in 1978 by Barnes & Barnes, a comedy rock duo comprised of fictional twin brothers Art Barnes and Artie Barnes, who are based in “Lumania,” a fictional mythological civilization (similar to Lemuria or Atlantis).
The song and their creators are both beloved by fans of “The Dr. Demento Radio Show.”
Dr. Demento as an enthusiastic bum in “Fish Heads”
We asked the good Doctor to tell us about it:
“I was very sad to hear about the sudden passing of Bill Paxton, way before their time. I spent a day with Bill back in 1980 making the ‘Fish Heads' short film/video with Barnes & Barnes. This was years before Titanic, Apollo 13 or any of the innumerable major studio films and TV shows that let the world see their talents and consummate professionalism.”
“In the prologue to the ‘Fish Heads' song, Bill's character buys a large fish head from a seafood store. As he's unwrapping it on a nearby loading dock, they encounter a homeless person (me) who gazes at it in wonder, leading into the song (which went on to be the most requested song in the entire history of ‘The Dr. Demento Show').”
“I never got to know Bill well, but the memories I have are very good ones. I'm no actor, and the prologue was shot on the fly, but Bill was sympathetic and got something worthwhile out of me. It was a micro-budget production based on a novelty song, but people still enjoy it some 37 years later, largely on account of Bill's talents, energy and resourcefulness.”
Bill Paxton in “Fish Heads”
The total cost of the video — shot on Super 8 with a hand-cranked Bolex camera — is reported to have been about $2000, mostly in film processing charges.
Paxton also made appearances in several of Barnes & Barnes' videos, including “Fish Heads.”
Check out “Love Tap,” and “Soak It Up,” both directed by music video director Rocky Schenck (the latter featuring an homage to the Salvador Dalí‘s sequence from Alfred Hitchcock's Spellbound), and Paxton also makes a highly-disturbing and funny little cameo in their music video for “Ah A.”
Barnes & Barnes are played by actor/musician Bill Mumy (as “Art Barnes” – Mumy is also known for their work on mostly sci-fi TV shows like ” Lost in Space” and “Babylon 5,” as well as memorable episodes of “The Twilight Zone”) and Robert Haimer (as “Artie Barnes”), a musician, singer and songwriter who originally became friends with Mumy in 1965, at their school's Halloween carnival day.
They formed Barnes & Barnes in 1970 — the surname “Barnes” comes from a Bill Cosby comedy routine (“Revenge”) in which a character named Junior Barnes throws a snowball at Cosby as a child — and began recording novelty recordings with a two-track tape recorder, which they originally never meant to share with anyone else.
Billy Mumy, Dr. Demento and Weird Al Yankovic
They were huge fans of Dr. Demento's radio show, however, and after they re-did a couple of their best songs on a 4-track TEAC recorder (“Fish Heads” and “Boogie Woogie Amputee”) and then pressed them up as a single on their own Lumania Records in 1979, they sent the recordings to Dr. Demento, who played them on their show and made them famous.
Subsequent Barnes & Barnes releases came out on Rhino Records, beginning with Voobaha in 1980.
Bill Paxton in Barnes & Barnes' “Love Tap”
Paxton became an integral part of the Barnes & Barnes creative world in their early days, and in addition to directing the video for “Fish Heads,” they helped to get it seen by producers of TV's “Saturday Night Live,” who then aired “Fish Heads” on “SNL” for two weeks in a row back in 1980.
In 2010, Paxton told journalist Will Harris that he'd met Billy Mumy through their friend, actor Janit Baldwin, who was friends with actor Sissy Spacek (Baldwin and Spacek were both in a 70s movie called Prime Cut, which starred Lee Marvin and Gene Hackman).
Barnes & Barnes
Paxton had moved to Los Angeles — they were born and raised in Fort Worth, Texas — and met Billy Mumy at a party in the late 70s, through Baldwin and their friendship with Sissy Spacek, who threw the party along with their husband, film production designer, art director and film director Jack Fisk, whom they married in 1974.
Mumy was at the party too, and Paxton excitedly told them that they were a fan of their music and asked if they could direct a music video for it, because, in addition to acting, he'd also been making short films.
Bill Paxton in Barnes & Barnes' “Soak It Up”
As Paxton remembered it, they got together in the summer of 1980 and shot the film, and Paxton then took it to New York City, where they had a very “Rupert Pupkin”-esque experience, going to the offices of “Saturday Night Live” and then waiting in their waiting room at Rockefeller Center for two days before anybody would even see him.
Eventually, they did agree to take a look at the 3/4-inch video tape that the Super-8 film had been transferred to, and Paxton recalled that they came back about five minutes after he'd given them the tape, saying, in Paxton's own words, “Come on back, we want to put it on next week's show.”
Paxton — who flew back to L.A. — watched “Fish Heads” being broadcast on December 6, 1980, introduced by Joe Piscopo, while hanging out in a hotel room at the so-called “Riot House” (the Hyatt) on the Sunset Strip.
Haimer and Mumy in Derailroaded
Haimer — both they and Mumy were featured in Derailroaded, which we told you about here — says their wife, Eileen, ended up hiring Paxton to do odd jobs in Los Angeles, while they were still auditioning for acting jobs, and recalled yesterday on Facebook that Paxton was working as a paperboy and they later made a short film, Scoop, about some of those experiences.
Haimer:
“He was always enthusiastic and ready to go. They were limitless. We made four Barnes & Barnes films with Billy and they were always fearless and brilliant. A sweet, funny, talented actor who loved the Golden Age of showbiz and especially Buster Keaton. Although our relationship had become one of Christmas card exchanges and an occasional phone chat, Billy was family. Our deepest condolences and love to Louise, James & Lydia. We are utterly shattered by this.”
Here's the official statement released by the Paxton family representative:
“It is with heavy hearts we share the news that Bill Paxton has passed away due to complications from surgery. A loving husband and father, Bill began their career in Hollywood working on films in the art department and went on to have an illustrious career spanning four decades as a beloved and prolific actor and filmmaker. Bill's passion for the arts was felt by all who knew him, and their warmth and tireless energy were undeniable. We ask to please respect the family's wish for privacy as they mourn the loss of their adored husband and father.”
In the 1980s, especially, Paxton would go on to appear in quite a few of Night Flight's favorite movies — including Stripes (1981), The Terminator (1984), Weird Science (1985), and Aliens (1986) — and we also loved them in two dark dramas in the next decade, One False Move (1992) and A Simple Plan (1998) — but their career in both TV and film so successful and varied, stretching on to the present day, that it would be near impossible to list everything they were in.
They will certainly be missed. R.I.P.
SALT LAKE CITY — An Orem man deceived hundreds of investors out of about $28 million in an extensive Ponzi scheme that began in 2010, according to a complaint filed by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
Chad Deucher, 43, misled more than 250 investors across the United States by promising them their funds would be used to buy properties and would net them guaranteed returns, the SEC alleges.
Instead, their investments were used to pay off previous investors or to support Deucher's personal expenses, including a one-time mortgage payment of more than $84,000 in January 2015, according to the civil complaint filed Jan. 19.
U.S. Attorney's Office spokesperson Melodie Rydalch wouldn't comment Wednesday on whether a criminal case is being pursued against Deucher.
The SEC said it has obtained a court order freezing the assets of Marquis Properties, as well as Deucher, who is CEO and president of the Orem company. Richard "Rick" Clatfelter, 42, of Phoenix, also is named in the lawsuit as executive vice president of the business and their assets were also frozen.
Deucher and Clatfelter guaranteed their investors they would see returns by "represent(ing) that investments were safe and low risk because the notes and investment contracts were 100 percent collateralized by valuable real property," the SEC said in a statement in January.
"Marquis failed to purchase properties with investor funds, however, and properties offered as collateral were often not owned by Marquis, were substantially encumbered, or were in uninhabitable or blighted condition," the statement reads.
SEC attorneys are seeking civil penalties and other measures against Deucher, Clatfelter and their company. In its complaint, the agency also names Deucher's wife, Jessica Deucher, 43, as a relief defendant and alleges they received more than $376,000 in investor funds from their husband despite having "no legitimate claim" to the money.
"Jessica Deucher did not perform work for Marquis," the complaint states.
As a relief defendant, Jessica Deucher's gains from their husband's alleged Ponzi scheme may also eventually be recovered, depending on the outcome of the case.
Clients began in 2015 to complain about payments missed or made late by Marquis Properties, a company that has no "legitimate business operations," court documents state. As recently as Jan. 6, Chad Deucher told an investor they were "getting things going again," the complaint states.
"Marquis has failed and/or been unable to make payments according to the terms of the investment agreements," the complaint says. "In spite of this, Deucher has continued to solicit new investors, while not disclosing that Marquis has failed to make promised payments to current investors."
Chad Deucher was charged in August 2015 with issuing a bad check or draft for allegedly depositing a $4,000 check at Zions Bank in Orem, withdrawing it and later failing to pay the bank when the check was rejected. The check was in the name of Marquis Properties, according to court documents.
The case was dismissed with prejudice in December when Chad Deucher paid the outstanding balance to a "victim coordinator" for 4th District Court, records show.
BOSTON – One century ago, a leafy neighborhood south of downtown Boston was the apple of American Jewry's eye.
Situated along a three-mile stretch of Blue Hill Avenue, the Jews of Roxbury and Dorchester had migrated from Boston's cramped, central quarters – the so-called “Ends” – to try their hands in a suburb. Jewish housing – mostly wooden triple-deckers and aging Victorians – was clustered around Franklin Park, where thousands of Jews spent Shabbat in the rose garden.
The neighborhood's turn-of-the-century boom paralleled increased immigration of Jews from the Pale of Settlement in Russia and Poland, as well as expanded electric street car service. Here, between Dorchester Bay and Frederick Law Olmsted's Emerald Necklace park system, an ephemeral Jewish community helped popularize both Conservative Judaism and Zionism, even as it broke with religious tradition.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
By 1933 — the year billionaire Sheldon Adelson was born on Erie Street, into what he's called “the slum” of Dorchester – the Jewish population along Blue Hill Avenue, plus the heavily Jewish West Roxbury, matched that of today's Herzliya.
In addition to architecturally significant synagogues, the Blue Hill Jews built the Home for Destitute Jewish Children and the original Beth Israel Hospital. The Franklin Park Theater performed in Yiddish, and speakers of that language had seven newspapers to choose from.
During the heady, early decades of the century, it seemed like Boston's Jews had found a permanent and expanding home along Blue Hill Avenue. Within just two generations, however, Jewish life would all but vanish from this “first suburb,” never to return in strength.
What happened to Boston's so-called “Jew” Hill Avenue?
As explained by Hillel Levine in “The Death of an American Jewish Community: A Tragedy of Good Intentions,” the Roxbury-Dorchester Jews were at a migration crossroads familiar to other immigrant groups. Their fabled neighborhood turned out to be one of several transition zones between Boston's original downtown “Ends” and today's “third ring” suburbs like Sharon, 25-miles south of Boston.
Religiously, the Blue Hill Jews helped train the country's Hebrew teachers and set Jewish education standards. Mishkan Tefila was New England's first Conservative synagogue, its congregation having relocated together from the South End to Roxbury. The new community built 25 synagogues, but Jews also sought to blend in with Boston's multi-ethnic fabric through collectives and assimilation.
“Back then, it seemed as if people were trying to shake off the burdens of Orthodoxy,” said Robert Wolff, who grew up in Roxbury close to Blue Hill Avenue.
“Hebrew school afternoon programs were very popular, but they were mainly a path to get to bar mitzvah and then goodbye,” said Wolff, now retired and living in Israel.
Politically, Wolff's childhood neighborhood ran the gamut from Jewish socialism – including the Workmen's Circle – to ardent Zionism. Influenced by Boston-based leader Justice Louis Brandeis and a Zionist press, the community was the first in the US to adopt Zionism, despite its Orthodox leaders' opposition.
Embodying the vision of Brandeis, Blue Hill Jews strove to be “good Americans” by being “better Jews,” which – as Brandeis said – required them to become Zionists.
Despite the neighborhood's centrality to New England Jewry, its emerging middle class began to depart in the 1950s. In particular, families with means sought out the roomier pastures of Brookline, Brighton and Newton. Left behind, eventually, were the elderly and working class Jews.
By the time of Robert Wolff's bar mitzvah in the mid-50s, the neighborhood was already in decline, and it was no longer safe to live along Blue Hill Avenue, they said.
“Before then, there were pockets of streets which had Irish gangs, but everyone knew where they were and those streets could easily be avoided,” said Wolff, whose family left the neighborhood after high school.
“We left because it was not safe to walk the streets and the shuls were shrinking fast,” they said. “Prior to that time, we would think nothing of walking home from Maimonides or a Dorchester shul where Bnei Akiva met. Then, it became a risk,” said Wolff.
As the better-off Jews “filtered” out to the next ring of suburbs, their housing was designated for low-income families.
“We had black neighbors for years, and they were integrated in the neighborhood,” said Wolff. “There was even a black church on my street. But the shift brought a low-income element and the ‘white flight' began in the early 1950s. Since then, the neighborhood has been dominated by low-income families and a drug-culture that produces a lot of gang violence,” they said.
By 1960, more than half of Roxbury-Dorchester's peak Jewish population of 90,000 had left Boston, along with their institutions and communal assets.
What happened along Blue Hill Avenue during the next 20 years remains a provocative case-study in urban engineering, as documented by Gerald Gamm in “Urban Exodus: Why the Jews Left Boston and the Catholics Stayed.”
As crime increased – so says the majority opinion – Boston's development authorities and local banks conspired to “blockbust” Jewish neighborhoods. Never favored by the banks because of largely paid-off mortgages, Jewish owners were induced to “panic sell” on the cheap. Block by block, authorities converted Jewish-owned buildings into low-income housing, offering reduced mortgages.
The “blockbusting” pattern exploded in 1970, when two Mattapan synagogues were set ablaze by arsonists. Jews were also being attacked on the streets with regularity, prompting the Jewish Defense League to draw comparisons with Nazi Germany.
The year before, Mattapan rabbi Gerald Zelermyer of Temple Beth Hillel was attacked with an acid bomb by “two black youths,” as the JTA reported. Instead of using the incident to inflame Jewish-black tensions, Zelermyer implored American Jews to focus on “the needs of poor, urban Jewish communities,” a plight — they said — that should be “as important to Jews as the Six Day War.”
Through whatever combination of increased mobility, street violence and bank conspiracies, the once legendary community was in its death throes. By 1980, almost all the Blue Hill Jews had relocated, and the same, less leafy streets became the scene of actor Mark Wahlberg's extensive, pre-Hollywood crime spree.
Fortunately for history aficionados, church groups that purchased former synagogues often kept the structures' Jewish symbols and Hebrew inscriptions intact, both inside and out.
At first glance, it's hard to tell that the imposing First Haitian Baptist Church is not still, in fact, the Blue Hill Avenue Synagogue, sold off in 1967. Devoid of Jews for almost half a century, the exterior retains several large Stars of David, not to mention the sanctuary's gorgeous Ten Commandments mural in Hebrew.
Across town, on the edge of West Roxbury, the Jewish community built its most permanent monuments – two sprawling cemeteries near the winding Charles River. Closer to today's heavily Jewish Brookline than Blue Hill Avenue, the seldom toured necropolises help visitors channel the lost neighborhood's heyday.
To create a substantial cemetery in the 1920s, Jewish leaders chose a site that was once part of Brook Farm, a kibbutz-like, Transcendentalist experiment from the 1840s. Known as the Baker Street Jewish Cemeteries, the complex includes 42 separate burial grounds for various synagogues, labor groups and other affiliations.
Best known of the thousands of Jews interred here, Rabbi Joseph Ber Soloveitchik pioneered Modern Orthodoxy and had close ties to Boston. When they died in 1993 at age 90, “the Rov” was buried in Baker Street's Beth El section, next to their wife.
As if copied and pasted from the old neighborhood, other cemeteries in the complex include Lawrence Avenue, the Roxbury Lodge, and the Independent Workmen's Circle. Evoking the Blue Hill Jews' mix of assimilation, socialism and Zionism, signs for the cemeteries New Palestine and Independent Pride of Boston stand out, as does one for Puritan-Mount Sinai.
Most memorable — and surprising — are ten chapels built along the access road, each belonging to a Boston shul. While some of these mourning halls are still used for funerals, others were abandoned after the dissolution of their congregations. Stained glass windows, elaborate woodwork, and abundant memorial plaques make the classroom-sized chapels improbably charming, even those in dilapidation.
Boston's “Jew” Hill Avenue is gone forever, but the community's influence was lasting. From altering Jewish ritual to popularizing Zionism, the neighborhood's legacy still inspires “Dorchester Reunions” around the US, where one-time neighbors recall a fleeting Jewish mecca.
The Senate rejected a key proposal repealing and replacing ObamaCare on Tuesday night as senators start a dayslong debate on healthcare.
ADVERTISEMENT
The proposal was the first amendment to get a vote after senators took up the House-passed healthcare bill, known as the American Health Care Act, which is being used as a vehicle for any Senate action, earlier Tuesday .
But it was widely expected to fall short of the 60 votes it needed because the Congressional Budget Office didn't analyze either the Cruz or Portman proposal that was packaged in with the BCRA.
Tuesday night's vote doesn't prevent GOP leadership from offering another repeal-and-replace amendment or another version of BCRA. It could also help GOP leadership get rank-and-file senators on the record as they try to figure out a path forward. A vote on an amendment that would repeal much of ObamaCare is expected on Wednesday .
Cruz acknowledged ahead of the late-night vote that the amendment wasn't likely to be approved, but they appeared optimistic that Republicans would be able to get to an agreement before a final vote this week.
"I will say the bill before the Senate ... is not likely to pass tonight but I believe at the end of the process the contours within it are likely to be what we enact, at least the general outlines," Cruz said from the Senate floor ahead of the vote.
Cruz said they expect their amendment to end up in the final version of the healthcare bill. "I believe we will see the consumer freedom amendment in the legislation that is ultimately enacted," they said. Murkowski was greeted by protestors outside the Capitol who chanted "stay strong Lisa." Asked whether they would support a "skinny repeal" bill, they said it's not clear what it would entail. "I don't know that any of us have defined what that might be."
Cruz's provision would allow insurance companies to sell plans that did not meet ObamaCare's requirements, as long as they also offered plans that did.
Portman's, meanwhile, would aim to lower insurance costs for individuals in Medicaid expansion states, like Ohio, but could also apply to other low-income Americans.
Authors are not gods, monsters, or robots that exist for your pleasure. And if you piss them off or terrify them, they're going to avoid you. So, how do you stalk these wily creatures?
1. Via Social Media
Do:
Offer insight, compliment books or posts, remark on covers, congratulate on awards or reviews, show them fan art, alert them to news stories relevant to their books, tell them you enjoyed meeting them at a con previously, ask when their next book is out, let them know about a nice review, join in a thread to which you can relate. Be respectful and not a dick, as you would to anyone you met in line at the post office. Just because we can't get in a fistfight doesn't mean you want to poke us like bears.
Just pretend you're a normal person standing around the water cooler at work, really.
Don't:
Correct them, point out a spelling or grammatical error in a tweet, add them to a 1000-person Invite or thread on FB for which the notifications will explode, try to be obviously clever, send them a Wikipedia link because you think that perhaps they literally believe that Yeti eats babies, admonish them gently for their parenting choices, tell them you hated their book, ask them questions that can be easily answered by a simple online search, creep on them, or command them to do anything, really, such as, "Tell me why I should buy your book," or "Explain to me why Yetis eat babies, you Communist."
Adding: Don't act too familiar until you've met in person and gotten along and they understand your sense of humor. You might *think* you sound sassy and jovial when in fact you sound like a complete ass. I've been on both ends of this stick.
Newsflash: Using a ;) emoticon after a dickish statement does NOT make it any less dickish; probably more so. And, dear gods, do not tweet or DM a link to your self-published book.
If you have enough positive interactions with a writer you admire, they will begin to think of you as a friend, much like a pack of wolves accepting a stray kitten. If you constantly piss them off, peacock them with your Google-fu, or shake your finger at them as if you are some powerful demigod/overbearing mother, they will at best ignore you and at worst block you or tell you off.
No one comes to social media because they want randos to crap on their day.
2. In person
Do:
Bring alcohol or cake, preferably that you didn't make yourself. Bring books for them to sign or ask for some bookmarks to put out at your local bookstore or library. Start off the conversation by telling them your Twitter name and mentioning a conversation you had; our memories are full of lies and plots, but we want to know we know you. Ask for a pic, if you want. Enter a group/bar conversation gently and contribute as you would among colleagues. Watch for social signals and back off if it's a bad time or someone looks like they're about to cry or murder you. Wait your turn in line, if they have a line, and take a reasonable amount of time without monopolizing them. Remember that while authors are "on" during panels and signings, if you catch them at the bar or in a restaurant, they may be "off" and enjoying downtime with close friends--do not automatically sit down unless invited. If they say, "So I'll see you at the con/in my next panel," that's a signal to back off.
Note: The faster you establish your bona fides-- I'm @iloveyourbook on Twitter, I'm that book blogger who gave you five stars, I met you at your home con and love your books, I'm friends with this friend of yours--the less awkward and guarded an author will be and the more likely they are to be warm, welcoming, and open. Because you feel *safe*.
Don't:
Don't bring food or beverage items that could be toxic/awkward/full of your beard hair. Don't ignore all social signals or follow the author into the bathroom. Don't ask them where they're doing dinner or where they're staying. Don't tell them at length all the things that you thought were wrong in their book. Don't pitch them your book or the idea you'd like them to write in their next book. Don't ask for an intro to their agent or editor. Don't use them as rungs up the ladder to meet bigger celebrity authors. Don't start arguing religion, politics, or barbecue recipes. Don't stand very close behind them, breathe heavily, and claim to be reading their tattoos. Don't try to pick them up, skeeze on them, or ask them for a threesome with their significant other-- and, yeah, this happens. Don't hover just outside a circle of authors at the bar but never engage anyone. It's not a zoo. Technically.
See, we love coffee and alcohol, but there's a difference between, "So.... can I buy you a drink?" *eyebrow wiggle, lip lick* and "I loved YOUR BOOK and promised on Twitter last week that if I ever met you, I owed you a Scotch. Is now a good time? You like Laphroaig, right?"
Because yes. Yes, I do.
*
As John Henry Cardinal Newman said, "It is almost a definition of a gentleman to say they are one who never inflicts pain." If you approach writers (or, yeah, even celebrities) with that in mind rather than grasping at what you consider an ideal meeting experience or getting what you want out of another human being, you'll have far better success. Even if you have purchased an author's book(s), they don't owe you anything; the money you paid was exchanged for their work, and that transaction is done. Most writers are, at some level, nerds, and we know what it's like to be gripped with anxiety and self-consciousness. We're forgiving, but more so if you're genuine, kind, and read social signals to avoid making us uncomfortable or overstepping your bounds.
For me, and believe me, I'm not a celebrity, you can get a much better meeting if you tell me your Twitter name or somehow establish how we know each other online. I have social anxiety and respond much more warmly to people I "know."
tl;dr: Authors are people and will respond with warmth if you're kind, genuine, and show appropriate social understanding. Or if you buy alcohol and cupcakes.
It could have seemed like a singular act of defiance to abolish super PACs in one Florida town. Members of the City Council in St. Petersburg approved 6-1 today a motion to consider an ordinance that would limit the amount donors can give to groups that support or oppose candidates in local elections.
The ordinance, if passed later this year, would directly affect only elections in St. Petersburg. But it's part of a far-reaching legal strategy to reduce the influence of money in politics by abolishing super PACs—groups that can take unlimited amounts of money from donors to spend in political campaigns—at the national level.
“This is a serious issue in our country and it has a corrosive effect on our elections and in our democratic process,” said Darden Rice, vice chair of the City Council. “But we are going to have to tackle it on all levels—from our city halls all the way up to the Supreme Court.”
The ordinance challenges super PACs' legal foundation, which includes the Supreme Court's decision in Citizens United v. Federal Elections Commission. There, the court ruled that corporations and unions have a right to free speech, just like individual people, and that campaign donations are a form of protected speech. That decision set the stage for a flood of corporate money into U.S. elections.
Rice's ordinance doesn't directly challenge Citizens United. But it does defy SpeechNow.org v. Federal Elections Commission, in which a Washington, D.C., court of appeals interpreted Citizens United to mean that there should be no limits on political contributions to independent groups that support or oppose political candidates. That's how we ended up with the super PACs that are spending tens of millions of dollars in the 2016 election season.
Rice's ordinance challenges that decision by limiting the amount a contributor can give to an independent group to $5,000—the same limit that existed before the ruling.
“Our votes mean nothing now because the only day [elected officials] need us is the day we vote,” said Rae Claire Johnson, leader of the Tampa Bay branch of the nonprofit group American Promise. “The very next day they are beholden to the big-money interests that got them in office, so our interests and desires are not being supported.”
American Promise is just one of the groups that collaborated with Rice on the proposed ordinance. Others include Free Speech for People, a nonprofit that works to improve American democracy, and the League of Women Voters. Legal advisers at these groups spent about six months hammering out the proposal's language.
“It very well could be a game changer,” said Rice, a councilwoman for St. Petersburg since 2013 and a resident of the city for nearly 20 years.
The big strategy
Political action committees existed before the SpeechNow.org decision, but it provided the opportunity to create new and bigger PACs. These are the ones that have been criticized by campaign reformers across the nation in the past six years, since the Citizens United decision.
“What these super PACs can do is gather in money from any source—unions, corporations, rich individuals—and there is no limit to the money they can gather in,” said Ciara Torres-Spelliscy, a law professor at Stetson University College of Law in Gulfport, Florida.
Scott Greytak, a lawyer with the group Free Speech for People, says that decision has damaged American democracy—including at the local level.
“If St. Petersburg does it, hopefully other cities would do it, too.”
“The folks in St. Petersburg are aware this is not just something that happens in presidential and congressional elections,” said Greytak, who helped develop the ordinance. “This is something that more and more is coming to local elections, and you see a lot of super PAC activity all around the state of Florida.”
Although the legal experts who worked on the ordinance believe it will stand up in court if challenged, they also expect lawsuits if the City Council passes it. Greytak anticipates that those who benefit from unlimited super PAC spending will be the ones to challenge the ordinance.
“If this law is challenged, St. Petersburg could provide a test case that, in time, could make its way to the U.S. Supreme Court,” they said. “It could have national resonance for communities all across the country who are struggling to keep big money from poisoning their elections.” And, although Rice's ordinance could be upheld without changing Citizens United, Greytak says the court could take the opportunity to revisit that case and reach a different conclusion.
Because of the vacancy in the Supreme Court, some scholars believe the timing might be just right for that approach.
“If we have a replacement justice who takes that seat and has a different view of campaign finance, that is a whole different world because then the majority is 5-4 the other way,” said Torres-Spelliscy. “A lot depends on who takes that seat and when.”
The plan to change campaign finance rules by bringing a fresh case to the Supreme Court joins other strategies to limit the power of money in elections. So far, 17 states have called for an amendment to the U.S. Constitution on the issue, which would then provide a foundation for the overturn of Citizens United. Meanwhile, groups like Represent.Us have focused on passing local and state laws, tallying wins in New Jersey, Florida, and Oregon.
Will other cities follow?
A Supreme Court fight isn't the only potential impact of St. Petersburg's proposed rule change.
“Personally, one of the reasons why I think this ordinance is important is because if St. Petersburg does it, hopefully other cities would do it, too,” said Johnson from American Promise, who's been involved in getting the word out about the ordinance.
And of course, this is happening while St. Petersburg City Council is debating the city's everyday business.
“We don't know yet how exactly we are going to work out our local rules on ride-sharing or Airbnb, or whether or not we are going to put money into a new baseball stadium,” said Rice. “But we know that for sure we want to have robust, sincere, and real conversations with the community and … what we don't want is having those conversations corrupted by the influence of big money.”
The ordinance will now move on to the Committee of the Whole to be debated further in September.
History of the piñata
Photo Gallery
Most people think of piñatas as a fun activity for parties. The history of the piñata reveals many interesting facts that go beyond the playing of a game, although piñatas certainly have been intended for fun.
Piñatas may have originated in China. Marco Polo discovered the Chinese fashioning figures of cows, oxen or buffaloes, covered with colored paper and adorned with harnesses and trappings. Special colors traditionally greeted the New Year. When the mandarins knocked the figure hard with sticks of various colors, seeds spilled forth. After burning the remains, people gathered the ashes for good luck throughout the year.
When this custom passed into Europe in the 14th century, it adapted to the celebrations of Lent. The first Sunday became ‘Piñata Sunday'. The Italian word ‘pignatta' means "fragile pot." Originally, piñatas fashioned without a base resembled clay containers for carrying water. Some say this is the origin of the traditional pineapple shape. Also the Latin prefix ‘piña' implies a cluster of flowers or fruits as in ‘pineapples' and ‘pine cones'.
When the custom spread to Spain, the first Sunday in Lent became a fiesta called the ‘Dance of the Piñata'. The Spanish used a clay container called la olla, the Spanish word for pot. At first, la olla was not decorated. Later, ribbons, tinsel and fringed paper were added and wrapped around the pot.
At the beginning of the 16th century the Spanish missionaries to North America used the piñata to attract converts to their ceremonies. However indigenous peoples already had a similar tradition. To celebrate the birthday of the Aztec god of war, Huitzilopochtli, priests placed a clay pot on a pole in the temple at year's end. Colorful feathers adorned the richly decorated pot, filled with tiny treasures.. When broken with a stick or club, the treasures fell to the feet of the god's image as an offering. The Mayans, great lovers of sport played a game where the player's eyes were covered while hitting a clay pot suspended by string. The missionaries ingeniously transformed these games for religious instruction. They covered the traditional pot with colored paper, giving it an extraordinary, perhaps fearful appearance.
The decorated clay pot also called a cantero represents Satan who often wears an attractive mask to attract humanity. The most traditional style piñata looks a bit like Sputnik, with seven points, each with streamers. These cones represent the seven deadly sins, pecados - greed, gluttony, sloth, pride, envy, wrath and lust. Beautiful and bright, the piñata tempted. Candies and fruits inside represented the cantaros (temptations)of wealth and earthly pleasures.
Thus, the piñata reflected three theological virtues in the catequismo. (religious instruction or catechism)
The blindfolded participant represents the leading force in defying evil, ‘Fe', faith, which must be blind. People gathered near the player and spun them around to confuse their sense of space. Sometimes the turns numbered thirty three in memory of the life of Christ. The voices of others cry out guidance:
¡Más arriba! More upwards!
¡Abajo! Lower!
¡Enfrente! In front!
Some call out engaños (deceits, or false directions) to disorient the hitter.
Secondly the piñata served as a symbol of ‘Esperanza', Hope.
With the piñata hanging above their heads, people watched towards los cielos (sky or heaven) yearning and waiting for the prize. The stick for breaking the piñata symbolized virtue, as only good can overcome evil. Once broken, the candies and fruits represented the just reward for keeping faith.
Finally the piñata symbolized ‘Caridad', Charity. With its eventual breaking, everyone shared in the divine blessings and gifts.
The moral of the piñata: all are justified through faith.
Today, the piñata has lost its religious symbolism and most participate in the game solely for fun. Piñatas are especially popular during Las Posadas, traditional processions ringing in the Christmas season and at birthday parties. During festivities, people traditionally sing songs while breaking the piñatas.
“Dale, dale, dale, no perdas el tino,
porque si lo perdes, pierdes el camino.
Esta piñata es de muchas mañas, sólo contiene naranjas y cañas.”
Hit, hit, hit.
Don't lose your aim,
Because if you lose, you lose the road.
This piñata is much manna, only contains oranges and sugar cane.”
Another popular song for hitting the piñata is rooted in the year 1557 when dignitaries of Felipe II toured towns in New Spain. While exacting pledges of allegiance, coins of nickel were offered for coins of silver. This failed to please the people so as they break piñatas during las posadas, they sing:
"No quiero níquel ni quiero plata:
yo lo que quiero es romper la piñata."
“I don't want nickel/I don't want silver
I only want to break the piñata…”
Piñatas can be found in all shapes and sizes. Modern ones often represent cartoon or other characters known to most children. Others are shaped like fruits, baskets, rockets etc. Sometimes people of political statue are satirized. At Christmas, star-shaped piñatas suggestive of the Star of Bethlehem are especially popular. One's imagination is the creative limit.
Traditionally, piñatas are filled with both candies and fruits. Around Christmas in Mexico, wrapped candies, peanuts, guavas, oranges, jicamas(a sweet root vegetable), sugar cane, and tejocotes (a kind of crab apple) stuff piñatas. Some types of piñatas called traps, are stuffed with flour, confetti or ‘flowery water'. Any child without a treat after the goodies are gathered from the ground is given a little basket full of special candy. These colaciónes are kept on hand to avoid hurt feelings and tears. The rest of the treats are passed around to everyone before the party is over.
Towns of potters once existed to fashion ‘ ollas piñateras', bare clay pots sold in the mercado. (market) People took them home and pasted their own colored paper to them. Cardboard and paper maché often fashioned over balloons has replaced ‘ la olla' in many modern piñatas.
The piñata's versatility contributes to its perennial popularity. Fashioned from a long tradition the joyous piñata continues to enchant celebrations and parties around the world.
In Mexico you will hear parents and children singing this special Piñata song.
"Dale, dale, dale, no pierdas el tino,
porque si lo pierdes, pierdes el camino.
Esta piñata es de muchas mañas, sólo contiene naranjas y cañas."
La piñata tiene caca,
Tiene caca:
Cacahuates de a montón.
Esta piñata es de muchas mañas,
Sólo contiene naranjas y cañas.
No quiero oro, ni quiero plata,
Yo lo que quiero es romper la piñata.
Ándale Juana, no te dilates
Con la canasta de los cacahuates.
Anda María, sal del rincón
Con la canasta de la colación.
En esta posada nos hemos chasqueado
Porque Teresita nada nos ha dado.
Echen confites y canelones,
a los muchachos que son muy tragones.
Todos los muchachos rezaron con devoción,
De chochos y confites les dan ya su ración.
Castaña asada, piña cubierta;
Echen a palos a los de la puerta.
Ándale Juan, sal de la hornilla
Con la botella de la manzanilla.
De los cerritos y los cerrotes,
Saltan y brincan los tejocotes.
Andale niña, sal otra vez
Con la botella del vino jerez.
Esta posada le tocó a Carmela:
si no da nada le saco una muela.
Piñata Images Copyright © 1999 Maria Elena.
All Rights Reserved Worldwide.
http://mariaelena-art.hypermart.net
Related articles about parties and fiestas:
Dates of fiestas, festivals and holidays:
Miscellaneous popular beliefs:
Kirk Humphreys, the former mayor of Oklahoma City and member of the school board of John Rex Elementary School, is being pushed to resign after they made comments comparing homosexuality to pedophilia.
Humphreys was on a local television politics show called Flash Point discussing Al Franken's resignation with Oklahoma representative Emily Virgin. Virgin said that they thought it was right that Franken resigned, and Humphreys responded by asking them about former Representative Barney Frank, who is gay.
After some confusion about what there was to defend when it comes to Frank, Humphries clarified that being gay is just as bad as raping children.
“Is homosexuality right or wrong?” they said. “It's not relative. There's a right and wrong. If it's OK, then it's OK for everybody, and quite frankly it's OK for men to sleep with little boys if it's OK.”
Oddly, they didn't notice that the same logic can be applied to heterosexuality.
Virgin tried to explain the concept of consent, but Humphreys wasn't having any of that. They brought up Ralph Shortey, an Oklahoma state senator who resigned after they were caught paying an underage boy for sex and buying illegal drugs from him, implying that all that was wrong with that was that the victim was a boy and not a girl.
Their words have led to a backlash. Humphreys resigned earlier this month from the University of Oklahoma Board of Regents following pressure from faculty and students.
Dozens of parents of children at John Rex Elementary School have also been asking for them to resign, and they've gotten 200 signatures on an online petition.
After a December 19 meeting with parents that Humphreys hoped would smooth over tensions, the parents feel even more strongly that they should resign. “His overall attitude was just dismissive of us and our feelings,” said parent Maggie Howell-Dowd. “He said that not only do they personally financially support the school but they also do a lot of fundraising, and if they were to leave the school board some of that money might leave with him.”
Another parent, John Beedon, said that Humphreys doubled down on their homophobia. “He went on to say homosexuality is morally wrong and you can't expect them to make decisions outside of their moral code. That's what does it for me. I don't believe their moral code allows them to serve on the board and make decisions for our school, but they say they won't resign.”
John Rex Elementary School is a charter school, and many of the students are there through a lottery system. Howell-Dowd said that Humphreys made a veiled threat of expulsion for the students of parents asking them to resign.
“He said the rules that are in place may keep you there right now but you never know what could change,” they said. “It was a moment when we all looked at each other and asked, ‘Was that a threat?' I certainly left the meeting feeling very uncomfortable.”
Humphries has refused to comment on the meeting, only saying that the parents there were “pretty aggressive.”
They could be removed from the school board by the University of Oklahoma, which sponsors the charter school, or two-thirds of the board can vote them out.
This Story Filed Under
Joe Maddon didn't agree with the "process" the umpires went through that caused them to change a strike three call on Curtis Granderson to a foul tip. (0:49)
CHICAGO -- The plate umpire in Game 4 of the National League Championship Series on Wednesday night said they were "dead wrong" in overturning a call that led to Cubs manager Joe Maddon being ejected for the second time in the series.
With the Cubs leading 3-2 in the top of the eighth inning and a runner on first base, Dodgers outfielder Curtis Granderson swung at a two-strike pitch as the ball bounced in front of catcher Willson Contreras.
Initially, plate umpire Jim Wolf signaled Granderson was out, but after Dodgers manager Dave Roberts protested, Wolf got together with the other five umpires. As they huddled, replays of the swing were shown on the video board that seemed to indicate Granderson never made contact with the ball.
Editor's Picks If only for a night, Cubs' swagger is back as Chicago avoids NLCS sweep Facing elimination, the Cubs needed a Game 4 spark. Three likely suspects stepped up to stare down the Dodgers and keep the champs' season alive.
The umpires never looked at the replay and instead called it a foul ball.
Maddon went ballistic, arguing with all six umpires and pointing at the video board, but to no avail. They were eventually ejected, and Granderson struck out on the next pitch.
The Cubs held on for their first win of the series.
Wolf admitted afterward that they were "dead wrong" on the call, saying, "I talked myself into the whole thing."
Wolf said afterward they heard "two distinct, separate sounds'' on the pitch, believing the first to be the pitch bouncing in the dirt and the second being the pop of the catcher's mitt.
Cubs skipper Joe Maddon has been ejected from Games 1 and 4 of the NLCS. Jim Young/USA TODAY Sports
Maddon didn't buy the "two sounds'' explanation at the moment and roared at several members of the crew. They aren't buying it afterward, either.
Maddon said after the game "the process was wrong."
"I'm not gonna sit here and bang on umpires. ... But that can't happen. The process was horrible," Maddon said. "To have that changed -- if Granderson hits the next pitch out, I might come running out of the clubhouse in my jockstrap."
A RISE in sickness claims is leading hotels in Spain to consider banning Brits.
There has been a shocking rise in holidaymakers making fake claims of suffering from vomiting and diarrhea abroad.
A growing number of hotels in the Costa del Sol, Valencia, Costa Blanca and Benidorm have now warned they could be banned from staying there.
It could cost Spain up to €60 million.
Nuria Montes, from Spain's hoteliers association HOSBEC, said:
“The number of claims has increased significantly since the start of this year, when the ‘claims farm' started their campaign to attract British tourists coming through tour operators.
“This is not happening only in Spain, similar situations are being produced in other European destinations such as Greece and Cyprus, and also in the Caribbean.
“We estimate that during 2016 the number of claims may be around 10,000, reflecting a very significant increase compared to previous years.
“We have estimated that the economic impact on the Spanish hotel industry will be around €60million, in case the hotel industry has to bear the full cost.”
It will see the cost of holidays increase, leaving airlines and tour operators unimpressed.
Richard Conroy, founder of travel illness company SickHoliday.com, worries the fake cash-grabs will undermine legitimate investigations, where real holiday sickness can lead to long-term disease.
They said: “Fraudulent holiday sickness claims are on the rise — we turn down four or five cases we feel are bogus each week ourselves.
“The only thing this trend is going to do is push up the cost of holidays by roughly 10% while punishing those who have genuine grievances with tour operators.
“We estimate there are around 25,000 fraudulent claims for holiday sickness per year.
“Criminal charges need to be brought. Until that happens, we all suffer.”
This article is a joint publication of Foreign Policy In Focus and TruthOut. For a longer presentation, see the Foreign Policy In Focus report, “A Nonviolent Insurgency for Climate Protection?“
When 30 climate protestors from 18 countries protested drilling at an Arctic oil platform operated by Gazprom, they represented the people of the world taking a symbolic stand against climate destruction, the corporate climate destroyers, and the governments that back them. But the action of the Arctic 30 may be prophetic of something more: The emergence of a global insurgency that challenges the very legitimacy of those who are destroying our planet.
The 2013 Fifth Report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change confirmed that humans are destroying the earth's climate. But it also revealed something even more alarming: Twenty-five years of human effort to protect the climate have failed even to slow the forces that are destroying it. On the contrary, the rate of increase in carbon emissions from burning fossil fuels tripled between the release of the first IPCC report in 1988 and today.
Scientists and climate protection advocates once expected that rational leaders and institutions would respond appropriately to the common threat of climate change. As Bill McKibben said of Jim Hansen and himself, “I think they thought, as did I, if we get this set of facts out in front of everybody, they're so powerful — overwhelming — that people will do what needs to be done.”
It didn't work. Those who are fighting to save the climate need a new strategy. One such strategy to consider is a global nonviolent law-enforcing insurgency.
A Nonviolent Insurgency
Insurgencies are social movements, but movements of a special type: They reject current rulers' claims to legitimate authority. Insurgencies often develop from movements that initially make no direct challenge to established authority but eventually conclude that one is necessary to realize their objectives. To effectively protect the earth's climate and our species' future, the climate protection movement may have to become such an insurgency.
The term “insurgency” is generally associated with an armed rebellion against an established government. Its aim may be to overthrow the existing government, but it may also aim to change it or simply to protect people against it. Whatever its means and ends, the hallmark of such an insurgency is to deny the legitimacy of established state authority and to assert the legitimacy of its own actions.
A nonviolent insurgency pursues similar objectives by different means. Like an armed insurgency, it does not accept the limits on its action imposed by the powers-that-be. But unlike an armed insurgency, it eschews violence and instead expresses power by mobilizing people for various forms of nonviolent mass action.
After closely following the massive strikes, general strikes, street battles, peasant revolts, and military mutinies of the Russian Revolution of 1905 that forced the czar to grant a constitution, Mohandas (not yet dubbed “Mahatma”) Gandhi concluded, “Even the most powerful cannot rule without the cooperation of the ruled.” Shortly thereafter they launched their first civil disobedience campaign, proclaiming “We too can resort to the Russian remedy against tyranny.”
The powers responsible for climate change could not rule for a day without the acquiescence of those whose lives and future they are destroying. They are only able to continue their destructive course because others enable or acquiesce in it. It is the ordinary activity of people — going to work, paying taxes, buying products, obeying government officials, staying off private property — that continually re-creates the power of the powerful. A nonviolent climate insurgency can be powerful if it withdraws that cooperation from the powers-that-be.
Why a Law-enforcing Insurgency?
Faced with the failure of conventional lobbying and political “pressure group” activity, much of the climate protection movement is now turning to mass civil disobedience, as witnessed by the campaigns against the Keystone XL pipeline, mountaintop removal coal mining, coal-fired power plants, and Arctic oil drilling. Such civil disobedience, while generally recognizing the legitimacy of the law, refuses to obey it in specific instances.
Civil disobedience represents moral protest, but it does not in itself challenge the legal validity of the government or other institutions against which it is directed. Rather, it claims that the obligation to oppose their immoral actions — whether discriminating against a class of people or conducting an immoral war or destroying the climate — is more binding on individuals than the normal duty to obey the law.
A law-enforcing insurgency goes a step further. It declares a set of laws and policies themselves illegal and sets out to establish law through nonviolent self-help. Such insurgents view those who they are disobeying as merely persons claiming to represent legitimate authority — but who are themselves violating the law under what's known as “color of law,” or the false pretense of authority. So “civil disobedience” is actually obedience to law and a form of law enforcement.
Social movements that engage in civil disobedience often draw strength from the claim that their actions are not only moral, but that they represent an effort to enforce fundamental legal and constitutional principles flouted by the authorities they are disobeying. And they strengthen a movement's appeal to the public by presenting its action not as wanton lawbreaking but as an effort to rectify governments and institutions that are themselves in violation of the law.
For the civil rights movement, the constitution's guarantee of equal rights meant that sit-inners and freedom riders were not criminals but rather upholders of constitutional law. For the struggle against apartheid, racism was a violation of internationally guaranteed human rights. For war resisters from Vietnam to Iraq, the national and international laws forbidding war crimes defined civil disobedience not as interference with legal, democratic governments but rather as a legal obligation of citizens. For the activists of Solidarity, the nonviolent revolution that overthrew Communism in Poland was not criminal sedition but an effort to implement the international human and labor rights law ratified by their own government.
These examples seem paradoxical. On the one hand, the movement participants appear to be resisting the constituted law and the officials charged with implementing it. On the other, they are claiming to act on the basis of law — in fact to be implementing the law themselves against the opposition of lawless states.
Law professor and historian James Gray Pope has developed a concept of “constitutional insurgency” to understand such cases. A constitutional insurgency, or what might be called a “law-enforcing insurgency,” is a social movement that rejects current constitutional doctrine but that “rather than repudiating the Constitution altogether, draws on it for inspiration and justification.” Pope detailed how the American labor movement long insisted that the right to strike was protected by the 13th amendment to the constitution, which forbade any form of “involuntary servitude.” Injunctions to limit strikes were therefore unconstitutional. Although courts disregarded this claim, the radical Industrial Workers of the World told its members to “disobey and treat with contempt all judicial injunctions,” and the “normally staid” American Federation of Labor maintained that a worker confronted with an unconstitutional injunction had an imperative duty to “refuse obedience and to take whatever consequences may ensue.”
Why Climate Destruction is Illegal
The Justinian Code, issued by the Roman Emperor in 535 A.D., defined the concept of res communes (common things): “By the law of nature these things are common to humankind — the air, running water, the sea and consequently the shores of the sea.” The right of fishing in the sea from the shore “belongs to all men.”
Based on the Justinian Code's protection of res communes, governments around the world have long served as trustees for rights held in common by the people. In U.S. law this role is defined by the public trust doctrine, under which the government serves as public trustee on behalf of present and future generations. Even if the state holds title, the public is the “beneficial owner.” As trustee, the state has a “fiduciary duty” to the owner — a legal duty to act solely in the owners' interest with “the highest duty of care.” The principle is recognized today in both common law and civil law systems in countries ranging from South Africa to the Philippines and from the United States to India.
On Mother's Day, 2011, the youth organization Kids vs. Global Warming organized the “iMatter March” of young people in 160 communities in 45 countries, including the United States, Russia, Brazil, New Zealand, and Great Britain. Concurrently, the Atmospheric Trust Litigation Project brought suits and petitions on behalf of young people in all 50 U.S. states to require the federal and state governments to fulfill their obligation to protect the atmosphere as a common property. Speaking to one of the rallies, 16-year-old Alec Loorz, founder of Kids v. Global Warming and lead plaintiff in the Federal lawsuit, said:
Today, I and other fellow young people are suing the government, for handing over our future to unjust fossil fuel industries, and ignoring the right of our children to inherit the planet that has sustained all civilization. The government has a legal responsibility to protect the future for our children. So we are demanding that they recognize the atmosphere as a common that needs to be preserved, and commit to a plan to reduce emissions to a safe level.
Loorz concluded: “The plaintiffs and petitioners on all the cases are young people. We are standing up for our future.”
A trustee has “an active duty of vigilance to ‘prevent decay or waste' to the asset,” according to University of Oregon law professor Mary Christina Wood, whose new book Nature's Trust: Environmental Law for a New Age lays out the legal basis for the suits. “Waste” means “permanently damage.” If the asset is wasted in the interest of one generation of beneficiaries over future generations, it is in effect an act of “generational theft.”
Although so far the courts have turned down most of these atmospheric public trust suits, the decisions are being appealed. On October 3, 2013, the Supreme Court of Alaska became the first state supreme court to hear such an appeal.
A Global Climate Insurgency
Compelling as the logic of the atmospheric public trust argument may be, it is easy to imagine that many U.S. courts will refuse to force governments to meet such obligations. In a brief to dismiss the Kansas suit, lawyers called the claim “a child's wish for a better world,” which is not something a court can do much about.
The sad fact is that virtually all the governments on earth — and their legal systems — are deeply corrupted by the very forces that gain from destroying the global commons. They exercise illegitimate power without regard to their obligations to those they claim to represent, let alone to the common rights beneficiaries of other lands and future generations to whom they also owe “the highest duty of care.”
But protecting the atmosphere is not just a matter for governments. Indeed, it is the failure of governments to protect the public trust that is currently prompting the climate-protection movement to turn to mass civil disobedience. Looked at from the perspective of the public trust doctrine, these actions are far from lawless. Indeed, they embody the effort of people around the world to assert their right and responsibility to protect the public trust. They represent people stepping in to provide law enforcement where corrupt and illegitimate governments have failed to meet their responsibility to do so.
When the climate protection movement uses nonviolent direct action to protect the public trust, it is often confronted by government officials acting under color of law to perpetuate climate destruction. The Arctic 30 were held at gunpoint, for example, and charged with piracy. Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev said, “Concern for the environment must not cover up unlawful actions.” A law-enforcing climate insurgency will answer: Concern for oil company profits must not cover up unlawful government complicity in destroying the atmospheric public trust.
There\'s no doubt that feature films can get quite expensive to make, but a sizeable portion actually goes to either creating music, as in a score or original soundtrack, or obtaining the rights to use popular music in scenes as well. Now, depending on the artist, and as well as the song, the popularity does have a definite factor on the price. However, the licensing rights for electronic music legends Daft Punk\'s music has recently come to light via The Hollywood Reporter, and it would cost approximately $1 million to obtain licensing rights for films. But that doesn't\'t necessarily mean they wouldn't\'t cut you a sweet deal.
Independent film director Mia Hansen-Love decided to create a movie that focuses on \”the rise of the French electronic-music boom in the 1990\'s\”. Love\'s upcoming project, entitled \”Eden\”, wants to have a huge focus on their brother, Sven, who was a french DJ and their friends, Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo and Thomas Bangalter, or better known as Daft Punk – frankly because they are by far the biggest electronic music duo to come out of France. Unfortunately, being as Love is an independent film director, they simply didn't\'t have the budget for such licensing rights – and insisted they wouldn't\'t make the film without actual Daft Punk music. Fortunately, Love\'s brother, Sven, was still in contact with Bangalter, and forwarded them a script and their sister\'s desires. Bangalter loved the script, and told Hansen-Love they could havethree tracks for 3,000 Euros (approximately $3,700) a piece, which totaled to $11,100. Compared to a million bucks, I think I\'m gonna hit up Bangalter next time I have a Daft Punk movie idea. Despite the awesome deal, Mia\'s project \”Eden\” is moving forward and is slated to be released in Spring 2015. Check out the trailer to Eden below.
Nuclear reactors don't have to be water-cooled and solid-fuelled. The molten salt reactor is very different: it runs at higher temperature and lower pressure by dissolving the fuel in a liquid chloride or fluoride salt.[1] When these salts melt they flow in a similar way to water, which makes them great for storing and moving heat around, but they're safer because they can reach higher temperatures without being pressurised. Molten salt reactors are usually associated with thorium, an alternative to uranium which produces less long lived waste.[2] But they're not exclusively “thorium reactors”, and because the fuel is fluid it's possible to dissolve lots of different elements in it, something which is difficult to do with solid fuel without it falling apart.
Molten salt reactors are being developed by a number of different start-up companies. In my opinion, Transatomic Power[3], Copenhagen Atomics[4] and Moltex Energy[5] are the most interesting because they're designing molten salt reactors that run on nuclear waste. Moltex Energy is possibly the only UK-based molten salt reactor company, and would be a favourable way to reduce the UK's vast plutonium stockpile.[6]
Spent nuclear fuel is a combination of three things: uranium, transuranics and fission products. The majority is uranium, which can be reused as fuel. The transuranics form when the uranium put into the reactor captures neutrons but doesn't split apart and create energy. These transuranics are elements heavier than uranium, and do not occur naturally on earth. They contain isotopes which take thousands of years to decay. However, if we keep reusing them in nuclear reactors, eventually we're left with just fission products, the majority of which decay more rapidly.
We can't do much with fission products. The options are to reuse them in other applications where possible (such as medicine), to store them and wait for them to decay or to bombard them with neutrons to transmute them into non-radioactive elements, modern-day alchemy! However, waiting might not be such a bad idea as most fission products have a half-life less than 30 years, which means that after 300 years the radioactivity will have decayed to a level below that of natural uranium which we dig out of the ground.[7],[8] Engineering a storage facility to be safe for 300 years is easy compared to designing one to last hundreds of thousands of years.
So really, it's all a matter of perspective: many call it waste, but I call it a resource.
Daniel Cooper is a nuclear Ph.D. student and The University of Sheffield
[1] J. Serp et al. (2014), “The molten salt reactor (MSR) in generation IV: Overview and perspectives”, Prog. Nucl. Energ., 77, pp. 308–319. http://doi.org/10.1016/j.pnucene.2014.02.014
[2] https://youtu.be/uK367T7h6ZY “LFTRs in 5 minutes – Thorium Reactors”
[3] http://www.transatomicpower.com
[4] http://www.copenhagenatomics.com
[5] http://www.moltexenergy.com
[6] http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/science-environment-34723882
[7] Charles E. Till and Yoon Il Chang (2011), Plentiful Energy, p. 232.
[8] Copenhagen Atomics White Paper, November 2014
Image caption The prime minister ordered a review of hospital surgical equipment
Surgeons in Moldova have resorted to operating with construction drills, it's claimed.
A YouTube clip claiming to show a doctor using such an instrument, along with a set of "rusty" pliers, on a patient's leg sparked outrage in the country's media. Doctors from the Chisinau-based Ignatenco children's hospital then told news channel Publika TV they used "construction tools" while operating. One, Nicolae Curca, told the reporter: "We informed relevant bodies that we work with construction drills and that we carry out osteotomy [a bone-cutting procedure] with hammer and chisel."
Health Minister Andrei Usatii denied this was the case, claiming the video clip was aimed at "discrediting" the hospital, reports the Publika TV. However, Prime Minister Iuriu Leanca issued a statement demanding that Usatii immediately inspect medical equipment in clinics and find funds to buy new equipment.
Use #NewsfromElsewhere to stay up-to-date with our reports via Twitter.
Updated on 2017-10-12
libc++abi.dylib: terminating with uncaught exception of type NSException
These are very common errors in iOS development. By looking at this error message you can't say why are you getting this error? There were no build time errors so you are not sure what could be the reason? You want more information and Thread 1: signal SIGABRT is not helping you in debugging. In this post, I will share how I debug these errors.
It's a three-step process:
Exception Breakpoint
The first step is to add an exception breakpoint. Unlike other breakpoints, it's not something we set on a specific line and check what went wrong. Exception breakpoint will stop the execution in case of a problem in our program. From there we can check what was the reason behind that crash.
To add an exception breakpoint click on the breakpoint navigator and then on the plus button at the bottom.
Once you click on the Exception Breakpoint then it will look like this:
Now it will stop whenever there is a problem. In the next step, we will see how to print the error.
Error description
In the second step, we are going to add an action. So, edit the exception you added in the last step. Once you click on the edit button you will see the “Add Action” button, click on that. Then choose the “Debugger command” option from the list.
In the debugger command field write po $arg1
Now you will see the error printed on your Xcode console.
User Breakpoints
In this step, we will place the exception breakpoint in the user breakpoint. Once you do this then it will be available for all your projects. 🚀
To place the exception breakpoint in the user breakpoint, right-click on the exception and select “Move Breakpoint To” then tap “User” and it's done. Now you can check your other projects, it will be present in all your projects.
That's it. Now whenever an error occurs, it will stop and you will see the error printed on your Xcode console.
There are some other breakpoints which you should add in all yours projects. I recommend reading this blog post by Michael Ochs on different breakpoints.
Discovery and etymology Edit
Activation mechanisms Edit
Negative regulators of apoptosis Edit
Negative regulation of apoptosis inhibits cell death signaling pathways, helping tumors to evade cell death and developing drug resistance. Many families of proteins act as negative regulators categorized into either antiapoptotic factors, such as IAPs and Bcl-2 proteins or prosurvival factors like cFLIP, BNIP3, FADD, Akt, and NF-κB.[47]
Proteolytic caspase cascade: Killing the cell Edit
Many pathways and signals lead to apoptosis, but these converge on a single mechanism that actually causes the death of the cell. After a cell receives stimulus, it undergoes organized degradation of cellular organelles by activated proteolytic caspases. In addition to the destruction of cellular organelles, mRNA is rapidly and globally degraded by a mechanism that is not yet fully characterized.[48] mRNA decay is triggered very early in apoptosis. A cell undergoing apoptosis shows a series of characteristic morphological changes. Early alterations include: Cell shrinkage and rounding occur because of the retraction lamellipodia and the breakdown of the proteinaceous cytoskeleton by caspases.[49] The cytoplasm appears dense, and the organelles appear tightly packed. Chromatin undergoes condensation into compact patches against the nuclear envelope (also known as the perinuclear envelope) in a process known as pyknosis, a hallmark of apoptosis.[50][51] The nuclear envelope becomes discontinuous and the DNA inside it is fragmented in a process referred to as karyorrhexis. The nucleus breaks into several discrete chromatin bodies or nucleosomal units due to the degradation of DNA.[52] Apoptosis progresses quickly and its products are quickly removed, making it difficult to detect or visualize on classical histology sections. During karyorrhexis, endonuclease activation leaves short DNA fragments, regularly spaced in size. These give a characteristic "laddered" appearance on agar gel after electrophoresis.[53] Tests for DNA laddering differentiate apoptosis from ischemic or toxic cell death.[54] Apoptotic cell disassembly Edit [55] Different steps in apoptotic cell disassembly. Before the apoptotic cell is disposed of, there is a process of disassembly. There are three recognized steps in apoptotic cell disassembly:[56] Membrane blebbing: The cell membrane shows irregular buds known as blebs. Initially these are smaller surface blebs. Later these can grow into larger so-called dynamic membrane blebs.[56] An important regulator of apoptotic cell membrane blebbing is ROCK1 (rho associated coiled-coil-containing protein kinase 1).[57][58] Formation of membrane protrusions: Some cell types, under specific conditions, may develop different types of long, thin extensions of the cell membrane called membrane protrusions. Three types have been described: microtubule spikes, apoptopodia (feet of death), and beaded apoptopodia (the latter having a beads-on-a-string appearance).[59][60][61] Pannexin 1 is an important component of membrane channels involved in the formation of apoptopodia and beaded apoptopodia.[60] Fragmentation: The cell breaks apart into multiple vesicles called apoptotic bodies, which undergo phagocytosis. The plasma membrane protrusions may help bring apoptotic bodies closer to phagocytes. Removal of dead cells Edit The removal of dead cells by neighboring phagocytic cells has been termed efferocytosis.[62] Dying cells that undergo the final stages of apoptosis display phagocytotic molecules, such as phosphatidylserine, on their cell surface.[63] Phosphatidylserine is normally found on the inner leaflet surface of the plasma membrane, but is redistributed during apoptosis to the extracellular surface by a protein known as scramblase.[64] These molecules mark the cell for phagocytosis by cells possessing the appropriate receptors, such as macrophages.[65] The removal of dying cells by phagocytes occurs in an orderly manner without eliciting an inflammatory response.[66] During apoptosis cellular RNA and DNA are separated from each other and sorted to different apoptotic bodies; separation of RNA is initiated as nucleolar segregation.[67]
Pathway knock-outs Edit
Many knock-outs have been made in the apoptosis pathways to test the function of each of the proteins. Several caspases, in addition to APAF1 and FADD, have been mutated to determine the new phenotype. In order to create a tumor necrosis factor (TNF) knockout, an exon containing the nucleotides 3704–5364 was removed from the gene. This exon encodes a portion of the mature TNF domain, as well as the leader sequence, which is a highly conserved region necessary for proper intracellular processing. TNF-/- mice develop normally and have no gross structural or morphological abnormalities. However, upon immunization with SRBC (sheep red blood cells), these mice demonstrated a deficiency in the maturation of an antibody response; they were able to generate normal levels of IgM, but could not develop specific IgG levels. Apaf-1 is the protein that turns on caspase 9 by cleavage to begin the caspase cascade that leads to apoptosis. Since a -/- mutation in the APAF-1 gene is embryonic lethal, a gene trap strategy was used in order to generate an APAF-1 -/- mouse. This assay is used to disrupt gene function by creating an intragenic gene fusion. When an APAF-1 gene trap is introduced into cells, many morphological changes occur, such as spina bifida, the persistence of interdigital webs, and open brain. In addition, after embryonic day 12.5, the brain of the embryos showed several structural changes. APAF-1 cells are protected from apoptosis stimuli such as irradiation. A BAX-1 knock-out mouse exhibits normal forebrain formation and a decreased programmed cell death in some neuronal populations and in the spinal cord, leading to an increase in motor neurons. The caspase proteins are integral parts of the apoptosis pathway, so it follows that knock-outs made have varying damaging results. A caspase 9 knock-out leads to a severe brain malformation. A caspase 8 knock-out leads to cardiac failure and thus embryonic lethality. However, with the use of cre-lox technology, a caspase 8 knock-out has been created that exhibits an increase in peripheral T cells, an impaired T cell response, and a defect in neural tube closure. These mice were found to be resistant to apoptosis mediated by CD95, TNFR, etc. but not resistant to apoptosis caused by UV irradiation, chemotherapeutic drugs, and other stimuli. Finally, a caspase 3 knock-out was characterized by ectopic cell masses in the brain and abnormal apoptotic features such as membrane blebbing or nuclear fragmentation. A remarkable feature of these KO mice is that they have a very restricted phenotype: Casp3, 9, APAF-1 KO mice have deformations of neural tissue and FADD and Casp 8 KO showed defective heart development, however in both types of KO other organs developed normally and some cell types were still sensitive to apoptotic stimuli suggesting that unknown proapoptotic pathways exist.
Methods for distinguishing apoptotic from necrotic (necroptotic) cells Edit
In order to perform analysis of apoptotic versus necrotic (necroptotic) cells, one can do analysis of morphology by time-lapse microscopy, flow fluorocytometry, and transmission electron microscopy. There are also various biochemical techniques for analysis of cell surface markers (phosphatidylserine exposure versus cell permeability by flow cytometry), cellular markers such as DNA fragmentation[68] (flow cytometry),[69] caspase activation, Bid cleavage, and cytochrome c release (Western blotting). It is important to know how primary and secondary necrotic cells can be distinguished by analysis of supernatant for caspases, HMGB1, and release of cytokeratin 18. However, no distinct surface or biochemical markers of necrotic cell death have been identified yet, and only negative markers are available. These include absence of apoptotic markers (caspase activation, cytochrome c release, and oligonucleosomal DNA fragmentation) and differential kinetics of cell death markers (phosphatidylserine exposure and cell membrane permeabilization). A selection of techniques that can be used to distinguish apoptosis from necroptotic cells could be found in these references.[70][71][72][73]
Implication in disease Edit
Plants Edit
Programmed cell death in plants has a number of molecular similarities to that of animal apoptosis, but it also has differences, notable ones being the presence of a cell wall and the lack of an immune system that removes the pieces of the dead cell. Instead of an immune response, the dying cell synthesizes substances to break itself down and places them in a vacuole that ruptures as the cell dies. Whether this whole process resembles animal apoptosis closely enough to warrant using the name apoptosis (as opposed to the more general programmed cell death) is unclear.[106]
Caspase-independent apoptosis Edit
The characterization of the caspases allowed the development of caspase inhibitors, which can be used to determine whether a cellular process involves active caspases. Using these inhibitors it was discovered that cells can die while displaying a morphology similar to apoptosis without caspase activation.[107] Later studies linked this phenomenon to the release of AIF (apoptosis-inducing factor) from the mitochondria and its translocation into the nucleus mediated by its NLS (nuclear localization signal). Inside the mitochondria, AIF is anchored to the inner membrane. In order to be released, the protein is cleaved by a calcium-dependent calpain protease.
See also Edit
^ Note that the average human adult has more than 13 trillion cells (1013), of which at most only 70 billion ( 7010700000000000000♠ 7.0 × 1010 ) die per day. That is, about 5 out of every 1,000 cells (0.5%) die each day due to apoptosis. ^ HeLa cells are an immortalized cancer cell line used frequently in research. The cell line was established by removing cells directly from Henrietta Lacks , a cancer patent
References Edit
Bibliography Edit
↓ Continue Reading Below Advertisement You know how people like to make fun of the T. rex because it has those stupid little arms that would be completely useless in a fistfight? Well, the Linhenykus was the dinosaur that the T. rex used to make fun of for having stupid-looking arms. What the hell are those things? What did it do with them? We can't tell if they're the most useless arms or just the pointiest nipples in all history.
3 The Ouranosaurus Critters.Pixel-Shack ↓ Continue Reading Below Advertisement Similar to Edward Dildohands above, the Ouranosaurus seems perfectly designed or evolved for a life of suffering. Doomed to a lifelong backache, not only were its arms too short to be four-legged, but it had a completely unnecessary wind sail preventing it from standing, too. In addition, it was blessed with a duck's bill and unmoving "hitchhiker's thumbs" that were particularly good for absolutely nothing at all. Experts agree that most of the Ouranosauruses probably killed themselves millions of years before the meteor had a chance. Also, not to beat a dead dinosaur, but doesn't that name kind of sound like "our anus saurus" when you say it really fast? No, seriously, we're asking. Does it sound like that when it's pronounced correctly? Because that would be hilarious if it does.
2 The Gigantoraptor Wikipedia ↓ Continue Reading Below Advertisement If someone told you that a "Gigantoraptor" was headed in your direction, "the world's largest chicken" probably isn't the description that would pop into your head immediately. But this thing often grew to 16 feet or more and was (almost probably?) covered in feathers. And that far exceeds the height and feather requirements to warrant a nickname of that nature. Science is still unsure of exactly what this beast ate, but we're assuming it survived on a diet of defenseless house pets and particularly svelte toddlers like any other gigantic bird would.
CLOSE 2016 regular season MVP Stephen Curry sits down with USA TODAY Sports and the lingering effects of losing game 7 to the Cavaliers in the finals.
Stephen Curry shot just 6-for-19 in the Warriors' Game 7 loss. (Photo11: Kelley L. Cox, USA TODAY Sports)
WALNUT CREEK, Calif. — Stephen Curry has lost their touch at the wrong time — again.
Inside this gym that is a half-hour away from Oracle Arena, where he's shooting a Degree Men deodorant commercial that will stink if they can't hit this particular shot, the NBA's back-to-back MVP has gone cold. The scene they're going for is vintage Curry: release from nearly 35 feet out on the left side, followed by the spin, grin and walk-off move that we saw from the Golden State Warriors star so many times last season, and … swish.
But after four failed attempts, including an airball that might have left the production crew of nearly 50 wondering if the body double had been the one firing away, Curry makes it clear that — failed title defense be darned — their sense of humor remains intact.
"I hope y'all got a lot of film in there," they say with a laugh before finally burying the fifth attempt.
After the way last season ended, Curry has never been more ready for a re-shoot.
From here until the end of their Hall of Fame-bound career, the piece of film that likely will haunt them most is the NBA Finals Game 7 loss against the Cleveland Cavaliers. Say what you will about all of the factors that weren't in their favor — Curry's right knee injury that slowed them until the end, the Andrew Bogut absence in the last two games because of a knee injury, the Draymond Green suspension in Game 5 that led to a series-turning loss — the championship was theirs for the taking again.
The fact that Curry missed 13 of 19 shots, including 10 of 14 from three-point range, when it mattered most only made the offseason worse. They finished with 17 points, two assists and four turnovers in the finale.
"I still haven't gotten over Game 7," Curry told USA TODAY Sports during a break in the shoot. "That's something that will stay with me pretty much forever, for good and bad reasons. Obviously you hated the feeling, but it's also a motivator to come back even stronger and try not to have that feeling again.
"I'm at that point now where I can try to fuel any kind of terrible nightmares or thoughts about Game 7 into motivation for how I'm going to prepare myself for this year."
And therein lies the saving grace for Curry and the new-look Warriors: they'll be the cause of night terrors for the rest of the NBA soon enough.
Durant the savior?
If there were a cure for this kind of hoops hangover, the arrival of Kevin Durant should have been it. Less than two weeks after the Game 7 loss, not long after Curry and a band of other Warriors players, coaches and executives recruited the former Oklahoma City Thunder star in a Hamptons mansion, the Warriors got the word that the biggest fish in the free agency was coming their way. But Curry's recovery was far too complicated for that to be the quick fix.
Those first few days were the roughest of them all, they admit, especially for someone who has always taken such pride in not letting their work life affect them at home. The Cavs had made history at Oracle Arena, becoming the first team in league history to recover from a 3-1 Finals deficit to win it all while winning two of the final three games on the road. LeBron James, who many believed had lost their unofficial title as the game's best player to Curry before they re-seized that status, had celebrated in their halls as if they owned the place.
Even the smiles of Curry's two young daughters, Riley and Ryan, and the support of their wife, Ayesha, couldn't soothe that initial sting. Ditto for the golf outings with President Obama, the late-night talk-show appearances and the annual trip to China with Under Armour that were to come.
"Starting with that night (of Game 7), it kind of was like a surreal feeling at home, kind of like, ‘What just happened?' because we were so confident we could get it done," Curry said. "Human nature kind of took in, where I was a little down — kind of naturally. But I was able to kind of just get away, go on vacation with the family (in Hawaii), get in front of the next generation at a couple (basketball) camps, still be around the game but not be depressed at all and understand we're playing for the Finals and hopefully get another chance at it next year."
CLOSE The 2016 regular-season MVP sits down with USA TODAY Sports and discusses the addition of Durant to the Warriors. USA TODAY Sports
In a way, it's apropos that the Warriors lost the what-if way. A year before, it was the Cavs who were left with questions regarding injuries: What if Kyrie Irving hadn't broken their kneecap in Game 1, or if Kevin Love's dislocated shoulder hadn't ended their season in the first round against the Boston Celtics? This time, it was the Warriors' turn to wonder what might have been.
Brandon Payne, Curry's personal trainer who is based in their hometown of Charlotte but trains with them in the San Francisco Bay Area, had a front-row seat.
"The first day I saw them after (Game 7), we both just had a moment of, 'Well that really sucked,' " Payne said. "But after that, we haven't really talked about it. We just moved forward.
"It's one of those things where we know it happened, right? We don't have to (watch the tape). We know what happened, and we have a pretty good handle on why it happened. We'll just focus on getting them ready for 82 games (next season)."
But not before Curry would rest in a way that spoke volumes about their health.
Resting up
While fellow Warriors Durant, Klay Thompson and Green had little turnaround time, meeting at Team USA camp in mid-July in Las Vegas and playing together through their gold-medal performance at the Rio Olympics on Aug. 21, Curry would go five weeks without training. Their health, more than anything, was the reason they didn't take part in the Games.
The medial collateral ligament sprain they suffered in the first round against the Houston Rockets was never bad enough to warrant surgery, sidelining them for 10 days and four playoff games in all. But it never truly healed either.
There was a minor right shoulder problem to let heal too, one that they made light of during the Finals when it was reported that they would need surgery but caused strength issues because of inflammation (it did not require surgery). And while Curry is hesitant to discuss the part their health played in any great detail, Payne's perspective says it all.
"As bad as I wanted it to be them (in the Finals), it wasn't him," said Payne, who has worked with Curry since 2011 and spent much of the late summer leading two-a-day workouts with Curry six times a week while living in the Bay Area. "We don't like to make excuses, and we're not going to make excuses because all that matters is what happens in the 48 minutes when you're on the floor. (But) I wish it was the other version of him, the version that we saw for 82 games."
The next best thing, as they see it, would be to shoot the whole thing all over again with a different ending this time.
"We were deemed the latest and greatest, the untouchable team," said Curry, who posted career highs in scoring (a league-leading 30.1 points per game), three pointers (402), rebounds (5.4 per game) and steals (2.1 per game) during the Warriors' 73-win regular season. "We didn't have that mentality. We had that confidence that we could win every game, but it wasn't like we could be invincible and just show up and win. (Losing) just reminds you that to win a championship, it takes a lot of good bounces. It takes just a lot of mental and physical focus and endurance. But it's not guaranteed, so that was all it reminded me (of). It made me appreciate the year before, and hopefully made me appreciate the next journey."
Follow Sam Amick on Twitter @sam_amick.
Some manner of strange, alien vortex swallowed the very concept of arithmetic as we know it earlier this evening. The answer to the question “what is 431 minus 425?” was variously reported by the media as -7, -14, +31 and -30, with nowhere that we could find offering the seemingly obvious answer of “6”. But that was only the beginning.
Because language wasn't immune from the sudden redefinitions either. The Tories, who finished 155 seats behind the SNP, nevertheless proclaimed themselves not only the winners of the election, but the sole winners.
So let's have a quick review of the facts.
———————————————————————————————————-
1. The SNP won by the biggest margin ever.
In 2007‘s council elections the Nats came out top despite narrowly losing the popular vote, collecting 15 more seats than second-placed Labour. In 2012 they won the vote and more than doubled their lead to 31 seats. This year's margin of 155 was exactly FIVE TIMES as big as the previous best.
(Though it wasn't decisive enough for the Guardian, who put “victory” in quotemarks.)
(NB previous elections used FPTP rather than STV and aren't comparable.)
2. The SNP more than doubled the number of councils where they came first.
In 2012 Labour were the biggest party in as many councils – 16 – as everyone else put together. This year the SNP took the top spot in 19, almost three times as many as all the Unionist parties combined.
3. The SNP won in all four of Scotland's main cities.
Nearly 30% of Scotland's population lives in its four biggest cities – in descending size order, Glasgow, Edinburgh, Aberdeen and Dundee. In 2012 Labour won the most votes and seats in the biggest three, with the SNP taking only the baby of the bunch, Dundee. In 2017 the Nats got the most votes and the most seats in all four.
4. Different elections are different, and the SNP have multiple peaks.
Pundit after pundit lined up on the nation's TV screens to announce (yet again) that the result proved the SNP's honeymoon was over, their momentum had ground to a halt, their trajectory was now downwards and “Peak Nat” was past.
Yet in 2012, having netted a whopping 45% in the previous year's Holyrood election, the SNP got just 32% of first-preference votes in the council elections. In the 2014 European election they slid even further, to 29%.
But those falls were meaningless in terms of their overall popularity – come the next vote, the 2015 Westminster election, they rocketed to 50%, and at Holyrood in 2016 they won another landslide with their vote share just 0.6% down on the 2011 result. Since losing in 2010 they've won elections in 2011, 2012, 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017, with their vote share bobbing up and down considerably to no great consequence.
5. Deals are yet to be done.
The great Conservative resurgence delivered Ruth Davidson's party just 9% of seats in Glasgow – 8 out of 85 – with the SNP taking almost five times as many: 39 seats, or 46%. The Nats will run Scotland's biggest council, possibly in a coalition or informal alliance with the left-wing Greens which would provide a working majority. It's difficult to see how that will make the Tories happy.
But elsewhere not a single one of Scotland's 32 councils has a one-party majority. It remains to be seen who forms alliances with whom. (Edinburgh was run by a seemingly successful Labour-SNP grouping and may well stay that way, except with the SNP in the top chair this time. Dundee will almost certainly stay under the control of the Nats, just one seat short of a majority.)
Minority rule can be made to work well, as the 2007-11 Scottish Government showed, having leveraged a single-seat plurality into a viable administration. The SNP, without actually having gained many seats but with the moral and practical force of now being the biggest party in two-thirds of the country's councils, may well find themselves running considerably more of Scotland's local government.
———————————————————————————————————-
The Tories routed Labour and now occupy second place at every level of governance in Scotland. There can be no disputing that Thursday's election was a very good day for them. But only within very narrow parameters – the fact is that for all their bluster and crowing they barely laid a glove on the SNP, only their own team-mates.
The Nats watched over an increase in their vote share, seat count, victory margin and just about every other conceivable metric. The pro-indy Greens also picked up seats, while the Unionist vote simply cannibalised and reconfigured itself.
Spin is spin, but we know which of the two “victors” we'd rather be.
More languages are spoken in Melbourne than there are countries in the world, a cacophony of 251 tongues whose voices stretch to all corners of the city.
It is a thoroughly modern metropolis, a changing city where as older European voices begin to trail off, Mandarin's volume grows louder, particularly in the inner city.
It's a city that can be justifiably proud of its linguistic diversity and one whose forefathers might scarcely recognise from the discussions around them. But demographers warn Melbourne's melting-pot status could be at risk as rising house prices force new migrants into concentrated pockets.
Across the city, three in 10 people speak a language other than English when they get home and the variety grows daily as migration reshapes a city and its people. A major analysis carried out by Fairfax Media reveals 200,000 more Melburnians are speaking a language other than English at home than a decade ago.
In 6 per cent of suburbs more than half the population speaks languages other than English at the dinner table.
The awful truth is that there are no minority actores in genuine contention for an Oscar this year.
Each year, I and several other Hollywood Reporter editors put together the roundtables that are a defining element of this publication's awards coverage through the Emmy and Oscar seasons.
For those not fully versed in the arcana of Hollywood, the awards work like this: people produce a vast amount of film and television, some of it awful, some exceptional and a whole lot in between. Getting a shiny statuette (either an Oscar or Emmy) tells the world which side of the spectrum they tend toward; this is the ultimate validation that sets a winner apart from the pack. One award can change the trajectory of a whole career, save a network and even resuscitate the fortunes of an ailing executive. Equally important, an award can mean millions at the box office — or in the winner's pocket when their or their agent negotiates a new deal.
Awards are a year-round obsession here ("You have awards ceremonies, we have elections," newsman David Brinkley once quipped to me), with a host of activity and attempts to game the system going on long before fans turn on the TV to watch celebrities walk the red carpet, be it at the Oscars or the Emmys.
"Awards consultants" are hired, and a king's ransom's worth of marketing money is assigned by the studios and networks to support the shows, movies and stars they believe might have a shot. There are parties, special screenings, private receptions hosted by the famous and infamous, all steeped in a thick broth of punditry about just who is leading the race at any one moment — along with the deliciously diabolical whispering campaigns that aim to topple front-runners months before some films have even opened. Forget about politics: This makes Trump vs. Carson vs. Clinton vs. Sanders look like preschool.
Part of the promotional cycle includes taking part in one of THR's Roundtables. These are glossy and engaging, visually and verbally entertaining, and at times even substantive. Few A-listers have not participated in one through the years, and there's often a campaign before the campaign to get the right clients on board.
So how are people picked, and when? Often they're chosen before anyone has even seen their films, when our editors are faced with tough decisions on whom to include and whom to turn down — not to mention juggling the myriad schedules of the far-flung members of the Hollywood tribe. We rely on early buzz from the festivals, word of mouth from insiders who may have seen rough cuts of the films and a calculated guess at which studio is throwing its weight behind whom. Behind every movie and every star is Hollywood's version of the Koch brothers, battling for their chosen candidates to win.
In doing all that this year, as we prepared for this cover, we discovered precisely zero actores of color in the Oscar conversation — at least in the weeks in early September when the Roundtables are put together, months before the nominations are announced Jan. 14.
I don't in any way wish to diminish the actores on our cover. This current roundtable is a triumph, appropriately published today on the fifth anniversary of THR's shift from daily newspaper to weekly magazine. I anchored a conversation featuring eight of the most talented actores alive: Cate Blanchett, Jane Fonda, Brie Larson, Jennifer Lawrence, Helen Mirren, Carey Mulligan, Charlotte Rampling and Kate Winslet.
Yet even for me, a white man, it was impossible to ignore the fact that every one of these women is white — whether old or young, English, Australian or American. That was appalling. The awful truth is that there are no minority actores in genuine contention for an Oscar this year. Straight Outta Compton, which provided some great roles for African-American men (and whose success bolsters the case that studios ignore minority audiences at their peril) had no female leads. Furious 7? Not quite Oscar bait.
This at a time when people of color make up almost 38 percent of the U.S. population, according to the U.S. Census Bureau, and African-Americans, in particular, buy far more movie tickets per capita than Caucasians.
Two years ago, I was thrilled that three of the six women on our Roundtable were black: Oprah Winfrey, Lupita Nyong'o and Octavia Spencer. I thought, perhaps naively, that this represented a sea change in the film business, and hoped it was catching up with the tectonic shifts that industries all across America have had to make to reflect this country's diversity. But I was wrong.
Both Spike Lee and motion picture Academy president Cheryl Boone Isaacs addressed the issue of diversity at Saturday's Governors Awards, a precursor to the Oscars, where the former noted: "When I go to [film studio] offices, I don't see black faces except the security guard who signs me in. ... This industry is so far behind sports it's ridiculous." They added that it was easier to become a black president than a black studio chief.
It's comforting that Taraji P. Henson (who took part in our Oscar Roundtable following 2008's The Curious Case of Benjamin Button) has found stardom on TV thanks to Empire, though they never quite managed that in film. It's a relief that, while the movie business could not find leading roles for Viola Davis (a Roundtable participant for 2011's The Help), Shonda Rhimes did — she's now starring in ABC's How to Get Away With Murder.
Davis addressed the problem head-on when they won an Emmy this year, saying: "The only thing that separates women of color from anyone else is opportunity. You cannot win an Emmy for roles that are simply not there.”
So who's responsible? The Academy drew flak for failing to nominate Selma in many categories, but the Academy doesn't make films, any more than The Hollywood Reporter does: It recognizes work that the industry creates.
Speak to the executives that run the industry, and they say they want change. But there are hardly any black film executives, and too few producers. Black directors? Not enough — and certainly there's a serious dearth of black female directors.
Just prior to the Governors Awards, Boone Isaacs announced a new initiative to boost diversity, noting: "When it comes to fair and equal representation in our industry, words are not enough."
Even as a writer, I couldn't agree more. Nor do I hold myself and my colleagues free of blame. Yes, THR has spent time and money launching a mentoring program for underserved girls that is now about to enter its seventh year. But that's not enough.
On our most recent Director Roundtable, forced to choose among three superb filmmakers for one slot, I opted for Ridley Scott rather than Straight Outta Compton director F. Gary Gray, an African-American. The Martian had opened to exceptional acclaim and box office, and Scott looked like the front-runner for the Oscar. Still, I now wish I had added Gray to the mix, and regret that I ignored both their lawyer's and their agents' pleas to do so. At least I can take comfort in having three men of color on our upcoming Actor Roundtable.
If there were far more minority men and women to choose from, this sort of hand-wringing wouldn't exist. And it's about time it changed.
Unless the half-dozen men and women now running the major studios demand and foster a culture of diversity, the status quo will continue as it is. And I'll be writing a mea culpa every year.
Union Minister DV Sadananda Gowda has become the latest victim of demonetisation when a hospital in Mangaluru denied taking old currencies to settle the bill for the treatment of their brother, DV Bhaskar who later died.
Bhaskar was undertaking treatment at the Kasturba medical college in Mangaluru. They were suffering from jaundice and died due to complications in the hospital. But the hospital denied taking old currency notes to settle the bills and also refused to release the body till the bills were cleared through new notes.
After hearing the news of death of their brother, Sadananda Gowda rushed to Mangaluru from Delhi. The total bill for the treatment was around Rs 13 lakh, of which an advance of Rs 2.5 lakh was already paid.
The minister requested the hospital authorities to settle the bill with old currencies and release the body. But the KMC hospital did not pay any heed to their request.
Despite repeated requests when the hospital did not budge, Gowda explained to them that the union government has allowed hospitals to take old currencies till November 25. However, the hospital officials said that it only applied to government hospitals and not to the private ones.
Eventually, Gowda asked hospital to give it in writing that they will not accept old notes and it was given by the hospital. The minister then went on to say, “this is how you behave with a central minister, what happens to the common man who comes for treatment at a private hospital like KMC?”
On which the KMC officials replied, “If you can give us an assurance in writing that the banks will accept that the old notes that you are using to settle the bills, we will take it.” But Sadananda Gowda couldn't assure that.
Eventually, the central minister settles their bill by paying with a cheque and released their brother's body for the last rites.
They later, told BJP local leader Krishna Palemar to prepare a report on the hospital and how people are troubled as private hospital are not taking old notes.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
Ubisoft has released a new teaser for its next Rainbow Six Siege content update, which is called "Operation Red Cross." The video is a short look at the new map, which is in Japan.
"Our fourth post-launch free map is perched high above the streets of Nagoya, Japan, set on top of The Skyscraper," read's the video's description. "Get ready for pulse-pounding rappels in the hazy morning sun with Operation Red Crow!"
The Operation Red Crow DLC will be fully unveiled on November 12 and 13 during the Rainbow Six Siege Pro League semi-finals and finals. Ubisoft will host a live panel and also a demo of the new content.
Although a new Operator isn't featured in a video, a previous leak indicated the Red Crow DLC will have a new character. A Twitter user named Jon Kay posted a video showing footage of what they alleged are the new Operator and map for Season 4 of Rainbow Six Siege. The map shown in this video lines up with what's shown in the teaser above.
In other Rainbow Six Siege news, a leaked Ubisoft survey has indicated the game could get a second season pass, although content like new maps and Operators would likely continue to be offered for free to everyone.
In GameSpot's Rainbow Six Siege review, Scott Butterworth awarded the title 8/10, saying "there's nothing else like it" when it works.
"It's not designed to appeal to all players, and that's exactly what allows it to be something special. With so much strategic depth, those periods between firefights actually become some of the most rewarding, while firefights themselves are made all the more intense by the knowledge that you're fighting for your life, not just your kill/death ratio."
Last year's National Football League season was tainted by on-field racial slurs and the bullying of a Miami Dolphins player. Of course, professional football players operate in an emotional, intensely competitive and physically punishing environment. It is obviously not your normal workplace. But, as employees, there is no reason they should be immune from modern standards of workplace conduct.
Professional football seems to know it has a problem. Over the weekend the Fritz Pollard Alliance, which monitors diversity in the N.F.L., recommended strict consequences for players who use discriminatory language on the field, including slurs against African-Americans: The first offense would result in a 15-yard penalty; the second, in ejection.
The chairperson of the alliance, John Wooten, said they expected the N.F.L. to adopt the rule in March. Although referees can already cite players for unsportsmanlike conduct, the creation of a specific infraction sends a clear message that something that may once have been overlooked is now unacceptable. The league's official report in the Dolphins bullying case, released last month, sends a similar message. It found that three players had “engaged in a pattern of harassment” against Jonathan Martin, who quit the team in desperation and sought psychiatric treatment. The investigators said it was “urgent that a tolerant atmosphere exist throughout the league.” That is especially relevant in light of the recent announcement by Michael Sam, an N.F.L. prospect, that they are gay and will enter the draft. The Dolphins have since fired their offensive line coach and head athletics trainer, both implicated in the report.
Creating that “tolerant atmosphere,” though, will require not just firings or other punishment but a shift in society's expectations for athletes. Even the authors of the report made allowances, explicitly accepting that “the communications of young, brash, highly competitive football players often are vulgar and aggressive.” They added: “We did not approach this assignment expecting to discover behavior that society might anticipate in, say, an accounting firm or a law office.”
The Arizona Cardinals, in addition to getting a 40-17 win over the Philadelphia Eagles and clinching the NFC West title, suffered a scare at the end of the game. Safety Tyrann Mathieu, after intercepting a Sam Bradford pass, fell to the ground and was clearly hurt. They appeared to injure their right knee or leg and it was a non-contact injury.
With Mathieu having had a serious injury on their left knee previously, many players were concerned. The mood was serious. Patrick Peterson and Larry Fitzgerald accompanied them as they left to get X-rays.
It is the sort of thing and it was a feeling where you fear the worst.
Quarterback Carson Palmer mentioned everyone is praying for him, calling the victory bittersweet.
Head coach Bruce Arians had nothing to add about Mathieu's status, saying simply they had no update and they don't know the extent of the injury.
But there is optimism. Mathieu was seen in the locker room and they aren't limping. They were happy and smiling.
Peterson said "he's walking around good," but everyone would know more in a couple of days from the team doctor.
So it appears that perhaps it is nothing serious. We will have to wait and see as to whether it limits their practice time or if it causes them to lose any playing time.
They even tweeted something that appears to be good news.
For now, it looks good, although it is the sort of injury and they are the sort of player where it makes a fan very nervous.
Who are you, and what do you do?
I'm Chris Wanstrath. I cofounded GitHub, where I work today.
I write code, answer email, listen to metal, and help make GitHub more awesome. Or try to, at least.
What hardware do you use?
Boring Apple stuff, mostly: MacBook Air, iPad, iPhone 4. The Air is great because I lug it everywhere and hardly notice it.
I also have a Logitech MX518 mouse and it's amazing. I've used the same one for five years and it still feels futuristic. It fits my hand perfectly, has buttons exactly where I want them (mapped to whatever I want with USB Overdrive), and the precision is outrageous. Every other mouse feels like I'm trying to pull the OS's cursor dingus through a pool of mud.
Kim Cuartero gave it to me back when we both worked at GameSpot. I use it atop a Ratpadz mouse pad I got for free while working at GameStop. So basically I got really lucky. Thanks Kim!
I carry my stuff in a laptop bag by Reiter8. It's water resistant, which is important because I lose every umbrella I touch. Not so lucky there.
And what software?
Right now I'm obsessed with software that transparently syncs between my devices. Kindle, Dropbox, and Simplenote bring me great joy.
I'm also in love with pretty much anything Tapbots does - Pastebot and Calcbot especially.
As for work, we spend all day in Campfire by way of Propane. I don't remember life before Campfire. I'm sure it was horrible.
Same thing with Skitch. Fantastic app that changed the way I work with other people.
I write code and prose in Aquamacs. I've even written a few plugins ("modes") for it: textmate.el and coffee-mode.
For version control I use git on the command line and through magit, which is perhaps the greatest of all Emacs modes.
My files get backed up to S3 using Arq, my computer screen doesn't dim unless I want it to thanks to Caffeine, and I take pictures of myself all the time with Photo Booth. Not because I'm vain (though there is that), but because I proudly subscribe to Stunners of the Month and like to photograph each new pair I receive.
The very first piece of non-Apple software I bought for OS X was LaunchBar back in 2005 and I haven't stopped using it since.
For basic image manipulation I use Acorn and for basic "to-do" stuff I use Things. But only the Inbox, and mainly for their superb "Quick Entry" feature.
Oh, and I play a lot of Carcassonne.
What would be your dream setup?
Thought-controlled software and a wireless internet connection in my brain, integrated right into my field of vision. I think I would give up my mouse for that.
George Osborne's visit to China this week is an event of genuine significance. But what is principally significant is not the sight of a chancellor of the exchequer auditioning for the post of prime minister, interesting though that is. What matters much more is that Mr Osborne seems to be using the visit to set out – though without quite admitting it – the essential economic statecraft strategy of the current Conservative government. That strategy, given added immediacy by the higher-than-expected borrowing figures announced today, is to make Britain increasingly dependent upon inward investment by rich, often authoritarian, nations in order to help finance UK economic growth while maintaining a low-tax regime at home.
There are broad echoes of the Gordon Brown era in this. Mr Brown had to face the conundrum of how to supply the Scandinavian levels of public spending the public would like to see while maintaining the American levels of taxation that the public appears willing to pay. Their stealthy strategy was to give the UK financial sector its head in return for taxation which they would direct into extra spending on the NHS, the working poor and the elderly. It was a more socially ambitious plan than anything Mr Osborne has admitted to, but both men took as read the political unpopularity that would follow the use of higher direct taxation to finance public goods. Like Mr Osborne, Mr Brown never quite levelled with the public about what they were doing. The strategy was never put to the electorate in a general election. As now, the strategy only became apparent in retrospect, through the chancellor's actions.
Mr Osborne's equally stealthy strategic bet is that inward investment, by China and others, will fund large, necessary UK infrastructure projects from which British companies, and hence British workers, will benefit. Other European countries have been equally keen to engage with China for years. But the UK faces dangers that Germany, for example, does not. Germany has a trade surplus with China (though the VW scandal may dent that a little) and a banking surplus too. Britain, by contrast, is running a trade deficit and will now become even more of a debtor country as a result of deals like the one for new UK nuclear power plants that Mr Osborne announced this week.
The reluctance to be explicit about the strategy carries big political and democratic costs. It means that Britain does not discuss the proper limits of Chinese penetration of UK infrastructure, including national energy needs. It means that the British economy is placed in a more dependent relationship with China, at a time when China's growth is stalling and its stock market faltering. It means that Britain, its foreign policy increasingly in the hands of the Treasury rather than the Foreign Office, has an interest in not challenging Beijing on issues such as human rights. None of these strategies have been seriously debated outside the corridors of Whitehall. They should be, even though the horse has bolted and the stable door is wide open. And the terms of the nuclear power deal should be made public too.
There is something particularly weird about this. In one part of the Tory forest, issues of sovereignty and national destiny are all-consuming. Every twist and turn of the relationship with the EU, including the issue of migration in today's ministerial meeting, is dominated by the Conservative insistence on the UK's sovereign right to stand apart. Yet in Mr Osborne's part of the forest, sovereignty is an almost meaningless concept. China, Russia and the Gulf states can buy up British national assets with the active encouragement of a government that anxiously oils the deals with obliging conditions. In Whitehall, it is hard to know whether there is any such concept as a key national asset. But you can bet your bottom yuan that there is no uncertainty about the concept in Beijing.
Nancy Pelosi suffered an ill-timed brain freeze on Thursday, just as they were questioning Donald Trump's “fitness” to serve as president.
The House Minority Leader was criticizing the Republican tax plan during a press conference when the topic turned to articles of impeachment that were filed by several House Democrats this week.
Seeking to distance themselves from from the impeachment push, Pelosi said, “People want to go do some other things, that's up to them, but that's not what our focus is.
“Our focus is on (the tax fight). The, uh—” they said before trailing off and staring at reporters. “Public— has questions about the fitness of this president to be president,” they insisted, recovering from their apparent brain freeze, “and that's a, a legitimate discussion.
“But our focus, our energy, our, uh— purpose is to get a better deal for the America's working— America's working families,” they repeated.
Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton speak during the first Democratic debate in Las Vegas in October. (John Locher/ AP)
Democratic White House hopeful Bernie Sanders is touting a new endorsement from a leading advocate for women in politics -- and a superdelegate to the Democratic convention.
Erin Bilbray, a member of the Democratic National Committee from Nevada, said they had been leaning in the direction of Hillary Clinton -- who would be the country's first female president -- but decided to back the senator from Vermont because of their stance on money in politics and the strength of their grass-roots campaign.
“It really was a deep struggle,” Bilbray, the daughter of a former member of congress, said of their support, announced during a Sanders swing through the early caucus state of Nevada that wrapped up Monday.
The endorsement was Sanders's 11th to date from a superdelegate -- and it underscores how big of an advantage Clinton has on that count.
[Bernie Sanders hits back after being called a ‘wacko' by Donald Trump]
The roughly 700 Democratic elected officials and party leaders who are superdelegates get a say in the presidential nominating process and are not bound by voting in their home states. Collectively, they'll account for about 1 of every 5 delegates at the Democratic convention in Philadelphia.
As of last month, 359 of them had publicly pledged to back Clinton, according to a tally by the Associated Press, a reflection of the former secretary of state's widespread support among the Democratic establishment. The Clinton campaign declined to offer a number of its own.
Sanders's count of 11 -- up from eight identified by the AP last month -- includes himself, aides said. Former Maryland governor Martin O'Malley, the third Democratic hopeful, had the backing of two superdelegates in the AP survey.
Sanders's camp has argued that some superdelegates are likely to switch allegiances if Sanders can demonstrate strength in the early nominating states and show they have a real shot of winning the nomination.
[In Nevada, Sanders mocks Republicans for running to casino mogul for a financial lift]
In an interview, Bilbray made a similar point about their state of Nevada, which holds its caucuses on Feb. 20, shortly after the first nominating contests in Iowa and New Hampshire.
Bilbray, the founder of Emerge Nevada, a nonprofit organization that trains and recruits women to become politically active, hosted a lunch for Sanders in their home this week.
When looking for women leaders to invite, Bilbray said they feared many of their contacts would already be supporting Clinton. But they said they were surprised to discover how many still have an open mind.
“They needed someone to tell them it's okay,” they said.
During the Cold War, Norway built a secret naval base, Olavsvern, that was carved into the mountain just outside the city of Tromsø, in the Arctic Circle. The base—comprised of a submarine hangar made of rock, direct sea access, nearly 150,000 sq ft of buildings and almost double that in bombproof interior space—took 30 years and cost NATO around $500 million to build to fight the threat of the Soviet Union.
So how come the base is now full of Russian research vessels?
DNB Næringsmegling AS The base was only finished in 1994.
In 2008, the Norwegian parliament decided to shut down the base amid a restructuring of the country's navy. The way they decided to go about it was unusual, though. Norway put the base for sale in 2011 on a Norwegian online auction site (link in Norwegian), describing the site—fairly honestly—as “a unique property where ideas can be realized.”
The sale price was a pitiful 105 million kronor, or $18 million at the time. But even that could not be achieved and the base was sold to a group of Norwegian oil drilling companies for just $5 million, or 1% of its building costs. The new owners then rented the site to Russian research vessels, including what AFP describes as “seismic survey ships reportedly linked to state-owned energy giant Gazprom.”
The area around the North Pole is subject to many competing ownership claims—and some think it could be the next Crimea. At a time of increased Russian military activity—including suspected sea incursions into the territory of its Scandinavian neighbors—the whole affair has not gone down well.
DNB Næringsmegling AS The naval base.
A former vice admiral who was in charge of Norway's northern forces told AFP:
We sold the only base worthy of the name that we had up there. It's pure madness. We are the only country along with Russia to have a permanent presence in the Barents Sea, where we share a common border… if the ships aren't there where they are needed, they might as well be scrapped altogether.
The current rightwing government told the French news agency it has no plans to reverse course on the sale or block Russian ships from entering. Ironically, it was the leftwing government of Jens Stoltenberg who privatized the base—Stoltenberg is now the head of NATO, and has been warning Europe and the US to take the Russian military threat seriously.
And before you ask—no, this is not a marketing stunt for the new James Bond film.
ALAMO RANCH, at the edge of San Antonio's outer ring road, is hardly a glamorous place. New strip malls stretch along access roads; neon signs advertise a Walmart, a Target and a Men's Wearhouse. Yet it is here that Richard Cash, a local who runs a party-equipment rental company, is fighting a suburban war. Sitting on the patio of a branch of BJ's, a chain restaurant and bar, they denounce the city above the hum of traffic. “We moved out here for a reason: we don't want to be part of San Antonio,” they say. “We don't want our tax dollars being poured into downtown projects we won't benefit from.”
Mr Cash is the head of a local committee which is trying to incorporate Alamo Ranch—which sits on San Antonio's border—as its own city, in an attempt to head off a proposed annexation by the city proper. They have little hope of success. But in their battle, they have plenty of allies, including many state politicians. Increasingly, America's biggest divide is not so much between red states and blue states but between cities, suburbs and rural areas. Nowhere is this more clear than in Texas.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
San Antonio, much like Austin, Houston and Dallas (Texas's other big cities), is run by Democrats; Julián Castro, Barack Obama's housing and urban-development secretary, was previously the city's mayor. The state at large, however, is a Republican stronghold: as well as the bulk of the congressional delegation, the GOP controls both houses of the legislature and the governor's mansion. Nationally, Republicans control both houses of 30 states, against a figure of just 11 for Democrats. Yet the biggest city in America with a Republican mayor is San Diego in California.
In Texas, where power has long been devolved downwards, and government is generally distrusted, this has created a scramble by state politicians to pull power back upwards again. In the latest session of Texas's state legislature, which meets for five months every two years in Austin, a series of bills were proposed to rein in cities: limiting annexation rates, capping taxation powers. Most failed, but on May 18th Greg Abbott, the governor, signed a law to prevent cities from banning fracking. That was inspired by the case of Denton, a university town near Dallas where 60% of voters opted in a referendum last November to outlaw the practice within its city limits.
Mr Abbott argues that cities are bringing about a “California-isation” of Texas. In January they accused them of introducing “a patchwork quilt of bans and rules and regulations”, which will undermine the low-tax, low-regulation economic model which draws so many people to Texas in the first place. The problem, they argue, is as bad as federal overreach (that too concerns Mr Abbott: in April they ordered the state to “monitor” military exercises which some conspiracy theorists believe are a federal plot to conquer the south-west).
Yet despite these attempts, the reach of Texan cities is actually widening. According to the Census Bureau, five out of ten of the fastest-growing cities in America are in the Lone Star State. Thanks to an unusually permissive annexation law, in Texas cities can chase the sprawl outwards, incorporating neighbouring land: San Antonio is adding 66 square miles (171 square kilometres) to its existing 465 (see map). Its population could increase by 1m from its current 1.4m by 2040. Some rural and suburban residents who thought they had escaped the city are clawed back into it—and often compelled to pay higher property taxes.
City leaders say this is fair: people who live at the edge of big cities benefit from the urban environment and so they should contribute to it. “It's annexation that's made Texas cities healthy and grow relative to north-eastern and Midwestern counterparts,” says Bennett Sandlin, head of the Texas Municipal League, which lobbies for cities. They point to economic failures in places like St Louis and Detroit as evidence for what can happen when a single city government isn't in control.
But it upsets plenty of Texans such as Mr Cash. “People don't want to have a city council issue diktats down to them,” says Jess Fields, a researcher at the Texas Public Policy Foundation, a conservative-leaning think-tank. They argue that cities are expanding because they need newer, richer taxpayers to cover their overspending and their hefty municipal debts. A law that would have introduced new restrictions on cities' annexation powers narrowly failed in the state's Senate.
If Texas genuinely is turning into a new California, Texas's Republicans have a lot more municipal activism to look forward to. There, Los Angeles recently opted to introduce a citywide minimum wage of $15. San Francisco maintains a citywide rent-control scheme. Though they may be controlled by Democrats, Texas's cities are by comparison bastions of free-market enterprise. And confrontation does not always work. California's Republicans spent a lot of energy resisting change—and there are not that many of them left.
While summer spritzers used to be reserved for the ubiquitous Evian bottle, refreshing water mists now come in a variety of scents heeding a multitude of benefits. The most popular face and body spray would have to be that of rosewater because of it's cleansing, hydrating and anti-aging properties. Once upon a time, Cleopatra would douse their face in rosewater to keep their complexion flawless while ancient Romans would bathe in this exceptional essence of rose. So this week, with our trusty beauty expert Sarah Howard of Beauty Banter, we'll take you through the simple steps of making your very own rosewater for a refreshing and fragrant cool down this summer.
Start by plucking the petals off all the roses. The more fragrant the roses are the more fragrant the rosewater will be.
Place the stock pot on top of a stove and put the brick inside the pot. Pack in rose petals around the brick until it fills the sides of the pot.
Pour distilled water into the pot until half of the brick is submerged in water. Place the glass bowl on top of the brick.
Invert the lid and turn the stove on high. Let everything come to a boil. Precipitation will form on the lid and sprinkle droplets of water into the bowl. This is your rosewater! To speed up the process, you can add cold water or ice to the top of the inverted lid.
The smell of roses will start to permeate the kitchen and after about 30 minutes, turn off the stove. Allow the rosewater to cool completely before using a dropper or pipette to transfer into a spray bottle or atomizer.
Wrap a piece of ribbon around the bottle and secure it with a simple straight stitch or fabric glue. Feel free to add any essential oils, such as grapefruit or lavender, to the rosewater base. It should be stored in the refrigerator and will last up to 3 weeks.
Enjoy your homemade rosewater spray during these hot summer days! And don't forget to visit Beauty Banter for more beauty tricks and secrets . . .
(all images by HonestlyWTF; tutorial courtesy of Beauty Banter)
Meg Whitman and Carly Fiorina have a couple of things in common. Both women are Republicans. But ran failed statewide campaigns for office in California back in 2010, and both were the top executive at Silicon Valley powerhouse Hewlett-Packard overseeing the firing off thousands of employees.
Despite their many similarities, the current HP head just doesn't think their predecessor is cut out for the job of commander-in-chief. Whitman, who has endorsed New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, was recently asked by CNN's Poppy Harlow why they were not backing the former HP executive instead.
Advertisement:
“Because while I think business strengths are important, I also think having worked in government is an important part of the criteria,” Whitman replied. “I just think literally having some experience in politics is probably an important criterion for the highest office in the land.”
Whitman did concede that business experience in a candidate is usually a plus, saying,"if you could find someone who had business experience plus the political experience, that's a great option.” But they said that Fiorina's record at HP is simply not enough of a record to run for president.
“I think it's very difficult for your first role in politics to be president of the United States. I think having experience in the Senate or as the governor of a state is really important. It's just hard to be dropped down in Washington, D.C. never having experience in politics before.”
In the past, Whitman has defended Fiorina from charges that massive layoffs under their tenure are a black mark on their record. Fiorina oversaw the layoff of more than 30,000 HP employees, while Whitman has eliminated 55,000 jobs since taking over in 2011.
"I suspect they were trying to do what I'm trying to do, which is make this company more competitive," Whitman told CNN back in June.
Story highlights Obama taped an interview with Jimmy Kimmel
They poked fun at Donald Trump
Los Angeles (CNN) He's castigated Donald Trump as a dangerous demagogue whose claims of a rigged election are eroding US democracy. But President Barack Obama said Monday their most common reaction to the GOP nominee is just to laugh.
During a taping of ABC's "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" television program, the late-night host asked the President if their response to the Republican during the presidential debates was to let out a chuckle.
"Most of the time," Obama responded to cheers.
Later, detailing the responsibilities of their job, Obama declared: "I don't tweet at 3 a.m. about people who insult me."
It was only the latest in a string of hits from Obama on Trump and Republicans as Election Day nears. Speaking aboard Air Force One Monday, White House spokesperson Josh Earnest said Obama would be campaigning ardently for Democrats in the coming days.
Read More
Facebook is rolling out new suicide prevention tools, in the wake of some people having live-streamed suicides on its Facebook Live feature.
The site will integrate suicide prevention help into Facebook Live, allowing users to access assistance immediately, officials announced today. It will also offer live chat support from crisis support organizations through its Messenger application, and it is testing artificial intelligence designed to streamline the reporting of posts indicating suicidal thoughts.
Suicide prevention tools have been available on Facebook for some time — for instance, links to support groups, prompts to reach out to a friend, and means for users to report friends' posts that exhibit intentions of self-harm. Today's update is aimed at making them quicker and easier to use.
“Our suicide prevention tools for Facebook posts will now be integrated into Facebook Live,” says a letter from site staffers. “People watching a live video have the option to reach out to the person directly and to report the video to us. We will also provide resources to the person reporting the live video to assist them in helping their friend.” The person sharing the video will see resources on their screen and can choose to reach out to a friend, contact a help line, or see tips.
People will be able to connect with support organizations through Messenger, with the option to message users directly from an organization's page. Participating groups include Crisis Text Line, the National Eating Disorder Association, and the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline. Facebook and the participating groups are launching a video campaign to raise awareness of prevention services.
In the most innovative move, Facebook is testing pattern recognition, an artificial intelligence program, as a means to make it easier to report posts indicating intents of self-harm. This “will make the option to report a post about ‘suicide or self injury' more prominent,” the letter says. The site is also testing pattern recognition “to identify posts as very likely to include thoughts of suicide,” even if these posts have not been reported, with Facebook then sending resources to the user if deemed necessary. The test is starting in the U.S.
It's relatively rare for suicides to be streamed on Facebook Live, a real-time video service launched last year, but there have been some instances, USA Today reports. I January a 14-year-old girl in Florida and a 33-year-old man in Los Angeles streamed their suicides on the service.
"Some people may say we should cut off the stream the moment there's a hint of somebody talking about suicide, but what we learned from the experts and what they emphasized to us is that cutting off the stream too early removes the chance of someone being able to reach out and provide help," Jennifer Guadagno, Facebook's lead researcher for suicide prevention, told USA Today. "In this way, Live becomes a lifeline. It opens up the opportunity for people to reach out for support and for people to give support at this time that's critically important."
LGBT people, especially young people, are at higher risk for suicide than the general population. The rate of suicide attempts is four times greater for lesbian, gay, and bisexual youth and two times greater for questioning youth than that of straight youth. Forty percent of transgender adults told a recent national survey that they made a suicide attempt; 92 percent of them reported having attempted suicide before the age of 25. Advances toward equality, however, are linked to a lowering of the suicide rate, a recent study indicated.
LGBT youth (ages 24 and younger) who are considering suicide can reach the Trevor Project Lifeline at (866) 488-7386. If you are a trans or gender-nonconforming person considering suicide, Trans Lifeline can be reached at (877) 565-8860. The National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at (800) 273-8255 can also be reached 24 hours a day by people of all ages and identities.
In the house I grew up in, "liberal" is a dirty word.
It's right up there with "vegetarian" and "welfare" which I understand. It's wrong and feels dirty to them. I understand it, so I generally try to keep my mouth shut at family gatherings. My hope in is that my words unify, not divide.
On January 21st of this year, millions of men, women, and other non-binary people marched in what many call a temper tantrum triggered by the recent election of President Donald Trump.
I want to ask anyone who thinks this is some kind of cantankerous, participation trophy-fueled, politically correct tantrum: What do you think people said in the 1950's and the 1960's when the civil rights movement was taking place? Even better, what do you think the British said during the Boston Tea Party? Because like it or not, that was a protest. They destroyed property, shouted, and made a huge commotion so that they would be heard. I imagine someone was sitting in their home chiding the youth for their wastefulness and tempestuous actions.
My generation is classified by what earlier generations regard as entitlement. We are entitled because whether or not we won, we received a trophy. (I never got a participation trophy and I played sports throughout my childhood. I feel as though I missed out, honestly.) We are entitled because in our lifetime technology changed and progressed so rapidly, that we became pioneers of social media. In turn, we became obsessed with ourselves. (According to some.) If I've learned anything in my short 20 years of life, it is this: rarely is something as great or as terrible as we want it to be. Is it possible for millenials to look beyond themselves and see something that some people in older generations may not be able to see?
The short answer is yes. Being that we are so connected through social media, we as a generation are able to see the struggles of many in a way unlike ever before. We see the struggle of women, men, children, and non-binary individuals across the globe and are so moved that we feel the need to fight for them. The Women's March was not just about American women and it wasn't just about President Trump or the deplorable things they said about women. It is for women, men, POC, and LGBTQ+ who understand that America has really only been "great" if you were a straight, white, male.
I march because women's reproductive health is still largely legislated by men. I march because some of my favorite people are gay, POC, or trans and have felt fear due to the notion of a Trump presidency. I march so that they know that I am with them.
So call me a snowflake. Tell me I'm whining. Just know, I march for your rights too.
Updated statement from Indiana University on IU Bloomington Alpha Tau Omega chapter
Oct. 8, 2015
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
BLOOMINGTON, Ind. -- Indiana University has just been informed by the national leadership of Alpha Tau Omega that it has revoked the charter of the local chapter on the IU Bloomington campus and ordered the chapter to cease all activities and disband immediately.
The university applauds the national chapter's swift and strong action and is in full agreement with this decision. The office of the Dean of Students and IU Police Department are prepared to work closely with the national ATO organization to facilitate this action.
Indiana University's Office of Student Ethics will continue to investigate this issue as it relates to potential violations of the university code of student conduct.
Related Links
A new study reports unintended effects in GM golden rice, which is engineered to produce precursors of vitamin A called carotenoids.
Crossing the GM rice with the Indian variety Swarna, a step necessary for commercialization, led to a nasty surprise.
The resulting plants were stunted, showed extensive abnormalities in their growth, and had reduced grain yield, as compared with the non-GM Swarna variety.
The researchers identified several reasons for the unexpected effects, all indicative of genomic instability in offspring plants resulting from 'breeding out' the parent golden rice with non-GMO in-field cultivars.
First, the new gene constructs interfered with the plant's own gene for producing growth hormones. Second, the additional gene constructs were not, as intended, active solely in the kernels, but also in the leaves. This led to a substantial reduction in the content of the chlorophyll that provides the plants with energy from sunlight.
The reduction in chlorophyll may be to blame for the plants' stunted growth and poor grain yields. And most worrying for the developers, the chlorophyll deficit appears to result from a deep, systemic problem with the primary GE 'event' on which the entire golden rice project depends.
These unintended effects were not detected in previous investigations, and it was assumed that the genetically engineered plants used in these trials would show genetic stability. In fact, these detrimental genomic effects remained undetected until the transgenic plants were crossed with the variety called Swarna, which is grown widely in India.
'Years of research work and millions of dollars wasted'
London-based molecular geneticist Dr Michael Antoniou commented on the new findings: "I have always asserted that the GM transformation process as used in the development of GMO crops selects for the insertion of the GM gene into active regions of the genome - areas where plant host genes are switched on and functioning.
"This bias in the GM gene insertion into active regions therefore maximises the possibility of disrupting the function of one or more host genes, with potentially adverse effects such as poor crop performance or even toxicity.
"This latest finding of the GM gene insertion into a vital host gene in the golden rice is a graphic illustration of this principle. If the developers of golden rice had conducted a proper molecular characterisation of this GM event at the time it was generated, they would have identified the host gene disruption that led to the stunted and deformed growth of the rice plants.
"Then they could potentially have avoided this negative outcome at such a late stage in the development and release of golden rice. Now it's back to square one, with years of research work and millions of dollars wasted."
The authors of the study conclude: " ... we discovered that the insertion of transgene for pro-vitamin A trait in the donor GR2-R1 event in Kaybonnet, had disrupted a native OsAux1 gene, which resulted in phenotypic abnormality and poor agronomic performance of to backcross derived Golden Swarna lines, making them unfit for commercial cultivation inspite of having high provitamin A content.
"The study conclusively demonstrates the importance of event characterization and event selection before adopting the transgenic germplasm into introgression breeding."
Failed golden rice could endanger whole rice harvest
The new findings are highly relevant for the risk assessment of the plants. Once released, the transgenic plants could spread their gene constructs into populations of weedy rice as well as other cultivated varieties.
In addition, genomic effects not found in the original plants can occur in plant offspring. At the stage when the hazards are identified, it can be impossible to remove the transgenes from the environment.
"Instead of helping people to combat malnutrition, these plants, if grown on the fields, might endanger their whole rice harvest", said Christoph Then of the German research platform Testbiotech. "It is worrying that effects that can arise from crossing genetically manipulated plants with other varieties are, as yet, not included in risk assessment."
It is not the first time that such problems have been reported: Some other golden rice lines are already known to show irregular patterns of inheritance, according to Testbiotech. Furthermore, there are uncertainties regarding the biological quality and safety of the plants. For example, additional changes in the metabolism of the rice kernels were described in 2016.
So far, there are no varieties available for commercial cultivation. According to the International Rice Research Institute IRRI, the safety and usefulness of the plants for nutrition needs further investigation.
'Years of misplaced hype'
GM golden rice is much hyped by GMO proponents as a triumph of GM that will save people in the third world from nutritional deficiencies and vitamin A deficiency-related blindness. The new study casts doubt on the viability of the golden rice project, which has produced nothing of value despite years of misplaced hype.
In contrast, common-sense approaches to combating vitamin A deficiency are working in the Philippines, the country targeted for GMO golden rice release - they just need to be rolled out more widely.
This article was originally published by GMWatch. This version includes some edits and additions by The Ecologist.
Source: Testbiotech.
The study: 'Molecular and Functional Characterization of GR2-R1 Event Based Backcross Derived Lines of Golden Rice in the Genetic Background of a Mega Rice Variety Swarna' is by Haritha Bollinedi et al and published in PLOS One.
Publication on changes of metabolism in golden rice plants: 'Metabolic Regulation of Carotenoid-Enriched Golden Rice Line' is by Dipak Gayen and published in Frontiers in Plant Science.
The image above shows GMO golden rice - it's the abnormal and stunted one on the left.
Amazon unveiled its first small-format grocery store, Amazon Go, on Monday. It's one of at least three formats of brick-and-mortar food stores the online retail giant is exploring. Photo: Amazon.com Inc.
THE news that Amazon will be landing in Australia next year has been generating a whole lot of buzz in recent weeks, but there's a chance many Aussies don't know just how much of a game-changer it's going to be.
Amazon's arrival is guaranteed to dramatically reshape Australia's retail industry when it arrives in September 2017, promising to sell everything at a 30 per cent discount in a move that's struck fear into the hearts of both small and large Aussie retailers.
“We are going to destroy the retail environment in Australia,” an unnamed Amazon employee told Watermark Funds Management chief investment officer Justin Braitling during a briefing.
Wesfarmers group managing director Richard Goyder has repeatedly warned that the US online retail behemoth will “eat all our breakfasts, lunches and dinners”, while analysts believe it could strip as much as $4 billion in sales from our local retailers, with JB Hi-Fi and Harvey Norman the most vulnerable.
Now, Australians already spend between $500 and $700 million with Amazon, ordering various goods from around the world and waiting weeks for delivery to save some money. But a physical presence in the market, meaning far less wait-time on purchases, is undoubtedly going to shake things up for our established players.
And we're not just talking about books, movies and electronics. Amazon will sell (almost) anything you can think of. Seriously, think of the most random item imaginable and type it into Amazon's search bar. You won't be disappointed.
MORE: Amazon plans to ‘destroy' Australian retail
MORE: Jeff Bezos's controversial empire about to take on Australia
In America, where the online retail revolution launched just over 20 years ago (from a garage just outside of Seattle), Amazon has grown to prominence by selling practically everything under the sun, and at rock bottom prices.
How? With a notoriously reliable distribution system, for one thing. There's nothing American consumers value more than efficiency, and then there's the lure of having the freedom to purchase whatever you fancy, 24 hours a day, seven days a week, 365 days a year.
This is probably why tens of millions of Americans pay $US99 a year to subscribe to Prime, Amazon's free two-day home delivery service, which includes extra free perks such as access to Amazon streaming videos. Think Emmy Award-winning Transparent, Downton Abbey, Sons Of Anarchy, The Wire, Boardwalk Empire, and around 5000 more, making it a serious competitor in the ruthless streaming battle in recent years.
The membership perks have continued to grow over the past 12 months. For an extra $US7.99 with Prime Now, Amazon subscribers can even get items delivered within the hour. Meaning book lovers can purchase the next John Grisham bestseller at a reduced price, duck out for a coffee with friends, and return home to find it boxed up on their doorstep.
Feeling under the weather? You don't even have to leave the cosy apartment to get Cold & Flu tablets dropped off. Forgot your Secret Santa gift for tomorrow's office Christmas party? Order something workplace-appropriate tonight and it will be at your door before you leave for work in the morning.
The whole thing is mighty addictive. Every day, Amazon releases a brand-new list of ‘Deals of the Day' and ‘Lightening Deals', offering up limited-time sales. So, of course there's the extra pressure of, ‘if I don't buy it today, at this insanely reduced price, I might MISS OUT!'
If I sound like a consumer who has been sucked in, that's probably because I have been. I can't actually remember the last time I purchased everyday items like toiletries, makeup, cleaning products, or kitchen appliances in an actual store.
And let's be real, no one actually enjoys carrying a giant 36-pack of toilet paper home under their arm. Helloooo, Amazon Prime.
But it doesn't end there. As of last month, for an extra $US14.99 a month on top of the Prime membership, customers can benefit from Amazon Fresh. The online grocery shopping service provides unlimited daily deliveries, competing against hordes of fresh food services already operating in the US.
The company also debuted its new restaurant delivery platform, Amazon Restaurants, earlier this year, promising members free one-hour delivery from their participating local eateries. This was a bold venture, given there are dozens of wildly successful food delivery services to choose from in the US. Seamless, GrubHub, Postmates and UberEATS are just some of the bigger competitors that have saturated the food delivery market.
Then, just last week, the company announced another game-changer in food retailing. Amazon Go, a bricks-and-mortar supermarket with the deceptively simple premise of scanning a smart phone at the entrance gate, shopping for whatever you like and walking out the door. No check-outs, no card transactions, no bagging.
This is happening very soon, with the promise of opening the company's first Amazon Go store in the US by “early 2017”.
So, when Amazon founder and CEO Jeff Bezos promises customers that Prime is “the best bargain in the history of shopping,” he's probably not far off the money.
Speaking of money, the company surpassed $US100 billion ($134bn) in revenue in 2015 — $107 billion ($144bn), to be precise.
For Bezos, Amazon is customer-driven idea machine that has now landed the 52-year-old billionaire internet mogul a tidy net worth of $85 billion. The company was valued this year at $US350 billion.
With the assurance of an effortless and personalised online shopping experience at significantly reduced prices, it's little wonder nearly half of US households (around 54 million) have an Amazon Prime membership, according to an report from Consumer Intelligence Research Partners.
The monolithic e-commerce giant now accounts for about 50 per cent of all online retail sales growth and 24 per cent of total retail sales growth, according to US industry data.
To use an example, during America's “Cyber Weekend” extravaganza following Thanksgiving last month, Amazon is estimated to have attracted more than 30 per cent of all online sales.
While It's difficult to know at this point just how deep the onslaught of Amazon in our own backyard will be felt, we know that the company's long expected expansion Down Under is expected to take place next year.
The launch was originally locked in for March but was pushed back for six months in an effort to roll everything out at the same time, which means the fresh food service will also arrive in September.
Amazon has so far been coy on offering any details, but “they will be dropping distribution centres and performance centres in every state next year,” Mr Braitling told the Australian Financial Review.
They added that the e-commerce giant saw potential in Australia because prices here are too high, saying “your margin is our opportunity” would be Amazon's “motto” for Australia.
Liberal MPs are pushing to abandon the party's plebiscite policy in favour of a free vote in Parliament. Credit:Vadim Ghirda The argument in favour of a free vote is that Liberal MPs have historically had a conscience vote on such issues and that the position adopted under Tony Abbott, which bound MPs to support a plebiscite, was an aberration. In November last year, Mr Wilson said in a speech that they had "discharged" their responsibility to vote for the proposed February 11 plebiscite – a vote that was defeated – and that they believed a vote could be held before the next election. Supporters believe Mr Wilson's argument is correct and they are now entitled to a free vote. They argue that once the plebiscite date passes, and a Senate inquiry into the bill proposed by Attorney-General George Brandis is handed down in mid-February, the Liberal party room should debate the issue in the second week of the new parliamentary year, commencing February 13. Significantly, they hope to bring the issue to a vote this year – possibly as soon as the end of March – to deal with the issue and get it off the political agenda ahead of the next election.
Rainbow Families opposed to a plebiscite on same-sex marriage outside Parliament House in Canberra in September 2016. Credit:Andrew Meares "No one wants this issue to go in into the May budget session, so lets deal with this quickly and relatively painlessly," one supporter of the move said. "This could be world's biggest pain between now and the next poll." The push to allow a free vote is being driven by the backbench, though some cabinet ministers are aware the discussions are underway. Credit:Alex Ellinghausen Another MP said compromises that allow religious exemptions would be necessary and that "the feeling is that this issue won't go away, it is obstructing the government's agenda and there is now a willingness to revisit this".
"No one can have everything they want. But if the Parliament can agree on a compromise, that is a good thing." Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull personally supports same-sex marriage. Credit:Penny Stephens As the backbench group agitates for change, same-sex marriage campaigners Australians for Equality will on Sunday launch a new advertising campaign across TV, newspapers and on billboards in strategic locations such as Canberra Airport, to greet MPs when they arrive on Monday for the resumption of Parliament. Australians for Equality director Tiernan Brady said the campaign would be the biggest, most expensive one of its kind launched in Australia and focus on "changing the law to reflect Australian values". Mr Brady said the push to legalise same-sex marriage would not go away and the ad campaign would focus on the idea that "politicians should do their jobs" and vote on the issue.
"Australians are for marriage equality," they said. "They are not unsure, they are not a little in favour, it's 65 per cent-plus in favour. Australia is in the top 10 countries in the world in favour of marriage equality." Some Liberal Party MPs Fairfax Media has spoken to who oppose legalising same-sex marriage believe the law change is inevitable and that it may be time for the change to happen via a free vote given the issue sucks up oxygen and distracts from the Coalition's core agenda. If a free vote was allowed for Liberal Party MPs, it is likely the laws would be passed with the support of Labor, the Greens and crossbench MPs. It would see Australia join other anglophone countries including the United States, Britain, New Zealand, Canada and Ireland in allowing the unions. But other more conservative MPs would fight tooth and nail to stop any fresh push and warned a civil war could erupt if Mr Turnbull did not stop the push. Another complication is the Coalition agreement between the Liberal Party and Nationals specifies that a plebiscite be held, suggesting any attempt to engineer a free vote could set off a brawl between the two governing parties.
As recently as December, Mr Turnbull said the plebiscite remained Coalition policy and insisted it was the mechanism by which same-sex marriage could become reality. Follow James Massola on Facebook
At Standing Rock in North Dakota, Native American elders fighting the Dakota Access pipeline have extinguished the Seven Council Fires, which has been burning for months at the main resistance camp, and young Native water protectors have relit a new fire, the Nations Fire, as part of the continued resistance to the $3.8 billion pipeline. This is Standing Rock Sioux Tribe member Chase Iron Eyes.
Chase Iron Eyes: “There is probably a thousand people still here who are committed to staying until the pipeline is dead. They're committed to staying to protect our treaty rights and to create a new existence for our people. They're committed even to protecting American constitutional, civil and human rights. And so we approached the elders, and they told us how to conduct ourselves and to build a new fire. It's all young people who came out.”
The water protectors are fighting the pipeline over concerns a leak could contaminate the Missouri River, which serves as a drinking source for millions. On Monday, North Dakota officials confirmed that another pipeline leak earlier this month has spilled more than 176,000 gallons of crude oil into the Ash Coulee Creek about 150 miles west of Standing Rock.
ST. LOUIS - A doctor once told Albert Brown they should not expect to make it to 50, given the toll taken by their years in a Japanese labor camp during World War II and the infamous, often-deadly march that got them there. But the former dentist made it to 105, embodying the power of a positive spirit in the face of inordinate odds.
Dr. Brown was nearly 37 in 1942 when they endured the Bataan Death March, a harrowing 65-mile trek in which 78,000 prisoners of war were forced to walk from Bataan Province near Manila to a Japanese POW camp. As many as 11,000 died along the way. Many were denied food, water, and medical care, and those who stumbled or fell during the scorching journey through Philippine jungles were stabbed, shot, or beheaded.
But Dr. Brown survived and secretly documented it all, using a nub of a pencil to scrawl details into a tiny tablet they concealed in the lining of their canvas bag. They often wondered why captives so much younger and stronger perished, while they went on.
By the time they died Sunday at a nursing home in Nashville, in southern Illinois, Dr. Brown's story was well-chronicled, by one author's account offering an encouraging road map for veterans recovering from their own wounds in many wars.
“Doc's story had as much relevance for today's wounded warriors as it did for the veterans of their own era,'' said Kevin Moore, coauthor of the recently released “Forsaken Heroes of the Pacific War: One Man's True Story,'' which details Dr. Brown's experience.
“The underlying message for today's returning veterans is that there's hope, not to give in, no matter how bleak the moment may seem,'' added Moore, whose nephew just returned from military duty in Afghanistan. “You will persevere and can find the promise of a new tomorrow, much like Doc had found.''
Dr. Brown, recognized in 2007 at an annual convention of Bataan survivors as the oldest one still living, could not muster the strength to talk about their experiences until about 15 or so years ago, said their granddaughter, Susan Engelhardt of Pinckneyville, Ill.
“He's an incredible man, and they had an incredible legacy,'' Engelhardt said. “He came through horrible times and came out on top, rebuilding their life. But so many of those men and women triumphed.''
Dr. Brown's account described the torment that came about every mile as the marchers passed wells that US troops had dug for local people, but were not allowed to drink from once they became prisoners. Filipinos who tried to throw fruit to the marchers frequently were killed.
Dr. Brown remained in a POW camp from early 1942 until mid-September 1945, living solely on rice. The once-athletic man - they lettered in baseball, football, basketball, and track in high school - saw their weight wither by some 80 pounds to less than 100 by the time they were freed. Lice and disease were rampant.
Despite the hardships, Dr. Brown focused on bright spots, including a prisoner called on to fix Japanese soldiers' radios. The prisoner managed to steal radio parts, scraping together enough components to build a functioning unit of their own. Dr. Brown helped craft a listening tube for the device, which brought the captives news from San Francisco that the United States had actually won a battle that the Japanese soldiers were celebrating as a naval victory.
“He had this incredible spirit to live and overcome,'' Moore said. “Positive thinking or whatever you call it, they survived.''
Born in North Platte, Neb., Dr. Brown was the godson of Wild West folk hero “Buffalo Bill'' Cody, who often let the boy sit on their lap and tug their beard. They moved with their family to Council Bluffs, Iowa, after their father, a railroad engineer, died when a locomotive engine exploded. They studied dentistry at Creighton University in the 1920s and was called to active duty in 1937, leaving behind a wife, children, and a decade-old dental practice that their war injuries prevented them from resuming.
By the time the war ended in 1945, the 40-year-old dentist was nearly blind, had weathered a broken back and neck, and suffered through more than a dozen diseases, including malaria, dysentery, and dengue fever.
They took two years to mend, and a doctor told them to enjoy the next few years because they could be dead by 50. But Dr. Brown soldiered on, moving to California, attending college again, and renting out properties to the era's biggest Hollywood stars, including Joan Fontaine and Olivia de Havilland. They became friends with John Wayne and Roy Rogers, doing some screen tests along the way.
“I think they had seen so much horror that after the war, they were determined to enjoy their life,'' Moore said.
© Copyright 2011 Globe Newspaper Company.
The Atlanta Falcons are negotiating with the #1 pick for the Houston Texans, but the prices those with sources in Houston are floating seem to be too expensive. Jason La Canfora believes a deal will get done, potentially for much less than the Texans are asking, and that the Falcons can use the specter of a trade up to #2 to get Khalil Mack as potent leverage against the Texans.
I still believe the asking price for the 1st overall pick will drop closer we get. ATL want to keep '14 2nd rnd pick but plenty of options.. — Jason La Canfora (@JasonLaCanfora) May 7, 2014
Also, the Rams at 2nd overall open for business. ATL could go to 2nd pick for Mack. Further hurts HOU leverage. I still smell a trade — Jason La Canfora (@JasonLaCanfora) May 7, 2014
Would not be surprised at all if ultimately a 2015 1st round pick and a 2014 3rd is enough to go from 6th to 1st. Stay tuned — Jason La Canfora (@JasonLaCanfora) May 7, 2014
Bottom line is no one is buying Texans are locked in on a guy at 1, know they could get QB at 6 or lower. Asking price will drop I reckon — Jason La Canfora (@JasonLaCanfora) May 7, 2014
Why this makes sense
We know, at this point, that the Falcons are actively negotiating for the top pick in the draft in hopes of getting Jadeveon Clowney. We don't know if the Texans are actually locked in on Clowney at #1, but there's reason to suspect they are not, judging by the swirling reports out there. If Houston wants out of the first, it makes a tremendous amount of sense that their price will drop the closer we get to the start of the first round. If Atlanta budges even slightly—say they throw in a fourth rounder to whatever their current offer is—Houston may jump. Hell, they may jump if Atlanta doesn't alter the offer.
It's never been clear that the Texans were going to get the price they were asking for, and I've long thought the "three firsts, two seconds, etc." train of thought was laughable at best. We know the Falcons want Clowney, we have a strong inkling the Texans aren't married to them the way you'd expect them to be to a #1 pick and that talks aren't dead. That alone makes me believe this rumor makes sense.
Why this doesn't make sense
The Texans can just take the damn player they want at #1, giving them considerable leverage. They can take Clowney and know they have a potentially deadly pass rush with them in the fold and punt quarterback for a year, or they can just sink that first overall pick into Johnny Manziel or Blake Bortles. The fanbase may get a little riled up, but they need a quarterback, and they can't really go wrong either way.
This also doesn't make sense if La Canfora's source is with the Falcons, because then you're looking at more posturing designed to apply pressure and drive the price down. In that case, the Texans will likely see it for what it is and refuse to back off their asking price.
Likelihood: 7
We know there are negotiations, we know there's interested in Clowney from the Falcons and Houston is sending out some bizarre signals. I think there's a better-than-decent chance La Canfora's right and the price drops for the Falcons, and in that case, they'll likely take it. The question is how far the price would need to drop, and what the final price will be.
Your thoughts?
RCMP are thanking the public after recovering a lost gun and ammunition that may have fallen from an officer's truck Sunday near the Golden Ears Bridge.
They were looking for a 40MM Abrams Airborne Mfg Inc. Less Lethal Multi-Launcher, which a release calls a "gas gun," along with a green camouflage bag containing ammunition.
The gun and ammunition went missing Sunday, and the B.C. RCMP said in a statement it believed they fell out of "the insecure back hatch of a truck canopy," shortly before 7:30 a.m. PT on Sunday.
By 5:30 p.m. PT on Monday, it had been returned.
"As a result of media coverage, a member of the public immediately called the RCMP to report they recovered the equipment in the area it was believed to have gone missing," said the RCMP in a statement.
"Officers have connected with them and confirmed that all missing items have accounted for."
Ammunition including 'barricade penetrating projectile liquid' was lost Sunday from a truck driven by a member of the RCMP's Emergency Response Team. (RCMP)
The truck was being driven by a member of the Integrated Emergency Response Team, a highly-trained group of weapons experts who respond to hostage situations, serious crime arrests and even close-quarter combat.
A passing motorist told the driver about the open latch.
An investigation into how the gun and ammunition went missing in the first place is continuing.
Nets coach Jason Kidd was fined $50,000. (Photo11: Joe Camporeale, USA TODAY Sports) Story Highlights NBA docked Jason Kidd $50,000 "for intentionally spilling a drink on the floor to delay the game"
Kidd appeared to instruct Tyshawn Taylor to bump into them in the waning moments of Wednesday's game
Kidd attributed the spill to "sweaty palms" and Taylor also claimed the incident was accidental
The NBA fined Brooklyn Nets coach Jason Kidd $50,000 for their spilled-drink shenanigans that took place in the fourth quarter of Wednesday's 99-94 loss to the Los Angeles Lakers, the league announced Thursday.
The league said the fine was "for intentionally spilling a drink on the floor to delay the game."
WATCH: Was Kidd's spilled drink intentional?
REELING: Nets try to hold on before it's too late
With eight seconds remaining and the Nets with no timeouts left, Kidd subbed in Mirza Teletovic for Tyshawn Taylor. As Taylor headed to the bench, they bumped into Kidd, spilling Kidd's soda on the court.
The liquid needed to be cleaned up, giving the Nets, who were trailing 97-94, time to huddle and draw up a three-point shot. Nets assistant coach John Welch designed the play for Paul Pierce, who missed a potential game-tying three.
According to amateur lip-readers, Kidd said, "Hit me," to Taylor. In a season of woe for Kidd, it may have been their best coaching move this season.
"Sweaty palms," Kidd explained after the game. "I was never good with the ball."
Taylor also tried to say it was an accident.
"It might ice a free-throw shooter and be a timeout when you don't have one. But that wasn't the thought process," Taylor said.
The NBA did not buy Kidd's excuse and were not thrilled the first-year coach pulled that stunt. The Nets are 4-11, and scrutiny on Kidd and the high-priced Nets is increasing with each loss.
Follow national NBA reporter Jeff Zillgitt on Twitter @JeffZillgitt.
PHOTOS: NBA SHOT OF THE DAY
PLAINFIELD TOWNSHIP, MI - Six hours before polls were scheduled to close, a polling place north of Grand Rapids ran out of Democratic ballots. A poll worker at Ambrose Ridge Apartments in Plainfield Township said they kept a list of prospective voters and called them all back after the township delivered additional ballots. Voter turnout was higher than expected, with a large number of twenty-somethings showing up at the polls and using up Democratic ballots by about 2 p.m., a precinct chairperson said.
The ballot shortage is indicative of what area clerks are calling a "steady" stream of voters across the area Tuesday, March 8, for Michigan's presidential primary election. "We've seen steady voting," said Rich VanderKlok, clerk in Georgetown Township, west of Grand Rapids. "Those people that work at the polls that have been there in the past all are saying that they're experiencing more voters than they have in the past. "We're seeing new voters, and not necessarily just younger people either." About 94 percent of absentee ballots that the township mailed out have been returned, VanderKlok said. Voter traffic "has been very steady" in Ada Township, east of Grand Rapids, as well, Clerk Jacqueline Smith said. They expect turnout to top the 31 percent in Ada in the 2008 presidential primary, the last time both major political parties were nominating candidates for the White House. Grand Rapids has been on pace today for about 26 percent of registered voters to cast a ballot. That's higher than the city experienced in 2000 and 2008. Ottawa County has received more calls than normal from voters who aren't sure where to cast a ballot, said Justin Roebuck, county clerk. That "tells me that people are voting today who haven't typically participated in the primary process before," they said. The precinct chairperson at Ambrose Ridge in Plainfield Township declined to comment on how long that polling place was without Democratic ballots or how many people were affected. Ruth Ann Karnes, the township clerk, did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Matt Vande Bunte writes about government and other issues on MLive. Follow them on Twitter and Facebook.
Henry Hynoski, the undrafted free agent fullback from Pittsburgh who is trying to win a job with the team during training camp this month, knows exactly why the team brought them to New Jersey.
"They brought me in here to be a battering ram and that's going to be the first thing I do." said the 6-foot-2, 260-pound 22-year-old. "I know what my main role is. I have to line up and block people and blow people up, so that's what I'm prepared to do. Anything else is a bonus."
Giants head coach Tom Coughlin has been impressed with their work thus far, calling Hynoski "a pure fullback in the pure fullback position. Hopefully, he'll be the physical presence that we need."
With the opportunity they now have with the Giants, the well-spoken, likeable Hynoski is trying to write a happy ending to a scenario in which the beginning of their NFL career did not go according to the script.
After Pittsburgh fired head coach Dave Wannstedt and then went through two coaches in a matter of weeks, winding up with a head coach (Todd Graham) who wants to employ the spread offense, Hynoski chose to forgo their final season of collegiate eligibility and enter the 2011 NFL Draft.
That seemed like a wise move initially. Early pre-draft indications were that Hynoski was considered the best pure fullback entering the draft.
"I was expecting to go in the 4th-5th round. That's usually where the first fullback goes," Hynoski said. "At that time everybody was telling me I would be the first fullback to be taken in the draft. It just made sense that I should leave."
Only things did not work out that way for Hynoski. They pulled a hamstring running their first 40-yard dash at the NFL Scouting Combine and still was not healthy enough two weeks later to participate in Pittsburgh's Pro Day. Rather than be the first fullback to hear their name called during the three-day draft, Hynoski's phone never rang. A stunning turn of events.
"Of course I was upset that I wasn't drafted, but that just made me more determined. My parents said this is going to make you stronger, you're going to turn out to be better for this. You get to pick your situation," Hynoski said.
When the NFL Lockout finally ended and teams were allowed to contact undrafted free agents, Hynoski was a popular man. They said they "got calls non-stop from about 15 different teams" before choosing the Giants over one other team. Hynoski did not want to name that team, but it was widely reported at the time that the second suitor for their services was the Baltimore Ravens.
"We were hoping that the Giants were one of the teams we would hear from. It came down to them and another team at the very end and I decided that I wanted to be with New York. It was just the best fit," Hynoski said. "I talked with Coach Coughlin and I liked what they had to say. I think he's a phenomenal coach."
Without doubt, Hynoski has landed in a place where there is an opportunity for them not only to make the roster, but to receive considerable playing time as a rookie. With Kevin Boss gone to Oakland and Bear Pascoe moving back to more of a tight end role, Hynoski is the only pure fullback on the Giants' roster.
"I know I certainly possess the ability to start," Hynoski said without a trace of arrogance. "Fullback is one of those positions, it can go either way in the draft. Obviously the draft didn't work out, but I got to pick my situation here and there's certainly an opportunity. I just need to take it and run with it."
The day I talked to Hynoski was also the day the Raiders announced the signing of Boss. Hynoski had not heard the news until I mentioned it to him.
"Obviously it definitely creates an opportunity. It might indicate that Bear might have to play more of a tight end role. We'll have to wait and see what happens," Hynoski said. "With Kevin leaving that means I obviously have to pick up some slack here."
Hynoski showed good hands during the time I was able to watch practice at the Timex Performance Center last week, catching everything that was thrown theirs way.
"I feel like I'm a quadruple threat," Hynoski said. "Main thing is going to be blocking, but also I can run the ball and I can catch the ball out of the backfield. I can run routes as a slot receiver, too. I did all that stuff in college. "Special teams is the fourth thing I can contribute."
Hynoski had best not count on having their name called very often. In four seasons with the Giants Hedgecock got one carry, a 2008 attempt that got no yardage.
During practices this week, coaches were seen working with Hynoski consistently. Friday night, in fact, while groups of players worked all across the Timex Performance Center fields, Hynoski worked one-on-one with a coach on blocking drills, including one that had them exploding upward into a blocking pad from their knees.
"One of the bad habits I have is I always had a tendency to get up high when I would block," Hynoski said. "In college because of my strength I was able to purely overpower defenders even with a high base. It's a different level now so running back coaches are just helping me get lower."
Hynoski might be a rookie, but they are no stranger to the pro game. They played in a pro style offense at Pittsburgh, and their father, Henry Sr., was a sixth-round draft pick of the Cleveland Browns in 1975 and played one season, carrying seven times for 38 yards, before shoulder injuries ended their career.
Like many of the young players in Giants camp, Hynoski wishes there were still two-a-day practices during training camp.
"For a position like fullback you've gotta state your case as a hitter. Having two-a-days would give me a better opportunity to go out and show that I'm a physical guy. It would give me more opportunity to go out and hit people, just prove my case," Hynoski said. "At the same time, you stay fresh."
Hynoski grew up in central Pennsylvania.
"I'm a country boy. I grew up in the coal region. Everything was always football growing up in the heart of the coal region. Everybody loves football," they said. "I absolutely love to go fishing, doing those types of things. I love all the country stuff."
The Giants are hoping this self-proclaimed "country boy" can clear running lanes for Ahmad Bradshaw and Brandon Jacobs, helping them play the power football they love to employ.
McDermott, in charge of Leeds Rhinos in Super League and preparing to take their team to Wembley for the Ladbrokes Challenge Cup final, is tasked with getting the USA Hawks, who reached the World Cup quarter finals in 2013, past Canada and Jamaica in early December.
New USA coach Brian McDermott now has a focus for their role after details of the ‘Firehouse Subs Rugby League World Cup Qualifiers – Americas', for the 2017 Rugby League World Cup, were revealed.
Date: 13/8/15
New USA coach Brian McDermott now has a focus for their role after details of the ‘Firehouse Subs Rugby League World Cup Qualifiers – Americas', for the 2017 Rugby League World Cup, were revealed.
McDermott, in charge of Leeds Rhinos in Super League and preparing to take their team to Wembley for the Ladbrokes Challenge Cup final, is tasked with getting the USA Hawks, who reached the World Cup quarter finals in 2013, past Canada and Jamaica in early December.
“It's a great opportunity for me to get experience in an international environment but, as important, to hopefully be able to help build and establish something,” McDermott said.
“For now, I'm fully focussed with Leeds and Sean Rutgerson is doing a lot of putting things in place. We've got a two-tier approach. We'll go with domestic-based players in the World Cup Qualifiers in an attempt to help strengthen the game and so that the guys can take what they learn back to their clubs and see where they are.
“But, because there is an awareness of what getting to a World Cup can bring – and did last time they were in it – if we win through, questions of eligibility will arise.
Nor is they taking it for granted that qualification for 2017 is a given, as they acknowledged.
“Jamaica, as a nation, has some of the best sportsmen on the planet and I've met the guys behind rugby league in Canada when they've been over in the UK and to say they are passionate is an understatement. I've heard their plans and they are building something out there, which is terrific.”
McDermott added, “We're under no illusions how tough those games will be especially as we'll be there to be shot at and there is a terrific rivalry between the nations, which this sport thrives on. If we can start to get it right and put down some meaningful roots, then the potential for raising the profile and exposure of rugby league as a whole, not just in America, is limitless. It could be massive.”
Canada RL president Cory Tukeli is equally excited. “This will be the first World Cup Qualifiers for us and everyone involved with the sport here is eager to show the rest of the international community what the Canadian heart is made up of,” they said.
While Jamaica RL director of rugby, Romeo Monteith is equally bullish. They claimed, “It will be a good set of matches and Jamaica will look to do our best. A rich blend of motivated and committed players will be selected from the Jamaican and English leagues to represent our proud nation.”
The three-game series will be played over nine days in two venues in Florida and sponsored by Firehouse Subs.
Dave Herrell, Sports and Entertainment Officer for City of Jacksonville commented: “We are thrilled about the opportunity to host this unique international event. Rugby League is a growing international sport and this will continue the positive momentum Jacksonville has as a world-class sporting event destination.”
Hodges Feld at the University of North Florida will host two of the matches. “During the past 12 years, UNF has hosted international and nationally ranked teams such as Leeds Rhinos, Salford Reds and the South Sydney Rabbitohs,” said Everett Malcolm, UNF associate vice president for Student Affairs. “UNF looks forward to the energy these games will bring to our campus and community.”
Chad Rhodes, Recreation Manager, City of DeLand Parks and Recreation Department noted: “A World Cup qualifying game being played at Spec Martin Stadium takes the City of DeLand, FL on to the world stage.”
“Firehouse Subs is delighted and honoured to be partnering USA Rugby League and the Jacksonville Axemen to bring the World Cup qualifiers to North East Florida" said Meg Rose, Vice President of Field Operations.
2017 WORLD CUP QUALIFIERS – AMERICAS REGION
Match 1
USA v Jamaica
4 December 2015
7pm kick off
Hodges Field, Univ North Florida
Match 2
Canada v Jamaica
8 December 2015
7pm kick off
Spec Martin Stadium, DeLand
Match 3
USA v Canada
12 December 2015
3pm kick off
Hodges Field, UNF
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Today, on a muggy afternoon in Grapevine, Texas, members of the Boy Scouts of America‘s National Council voted 61-38 percent to stop discriminating against kids in the program on the basis of sexual orientation, overturning a national ban on gay Scouts that the organization has enforced for decades. The BSA will continue barring gay adults from serving as scoutmasters and volunteers, meaning that teenagers who come out during their time with the program could be booted after they turn 18. The decision is seen as a compromise between church groups that partner with the Scouts and those eager to see the program fully end its discrimination against gays.
“No youth may be denied membership in the Boy Scouts of America on the basis of sexual orientation or preference alone,” states the new resolution, acknowledging that “[y]outh are still developing, learning about themselves and who they are, developing their sense of right and wrong, and understanding their duty to God to live a moral life.”
“It's an incomplete step, but still a step in the right direction,” Zach Wahls, an Eagle Scout raised by two lesbian mothers, and founder of Scouts for Equality, tells Mother Jones. Their organization, along with Scouts, parents, and volunteers who support overturning the ban, have been rallying in Texas for days, across from the Gaylord Texan Resort & Convention Center, where more than 1,400 BSA voting members from across the United States cast their votes this afternoon. Scouts in uniform faced off against about two dozen protesters supporting than ban—and “a couple local guys driving by in trucks, saying anti-gay stuff,” Wahls says.
Controversy over the ban picked up last fall, when major backers like the Intel Foundation and UPS stopped funding the program because of its discriminatory policy. In January, the BSA said it would vote on the issue. The following month, President Obama said they supported overturning the ban, and celebrities like Carly Rae Jespen and Dr. Phil followed suit. There have been over 1.8 million signatures submitted through Change.org in favor of overturning the ban, according to Rich Ferraro, vice president of communications at GLAAD, a gay right group, in contrast to 19,000 signatures in favor of it, delivered by the Alliance Defending Freedom, a Christian organization.
The Boy Scouts, which was founded in 1910 with an oath promising that Scouts would be “morally straight,” have a long history of discriminating against gay members. In 1980, an Eagle Scout and aspiring Scout leader was kicked out for attending their prom with a male date. In June 2000, the US Supreme Court affirmed in a 5-4 decision that the Boy Scouts could continue barring gay Scout leaders. And as recently as April, 2012, an Ohio mom and den leader named Jennifer Tyrrell was forced out of the organization for being gay.
The new policy, which kicks in January 1, makes it so that member troops can no longer discriminate against gay youth. But anyone who is gay and over 18 years old still won't be allowed to be a Scout leader or volunteer. (The Boy Scouts' coed Venturing program, aimed at young adults, will allow gay members until they are 21.) This means that gay Scouts like 16-year-old Pascal Tessier can continue to participate in the program without fear of being kicked out, and will have the opportunity to earn the prestigious rank of Eagle Scout like their older brother has. But under the new policy, they would still be banned from the program when they turn 18.
When Mother Jones asked BSA whether or not it would eventually consider voting on the ban on gay adult members, a spokesperson said: “This is not about a step or progression…It is the option that did not, in some way, prevent kids who sincerely want to be a part of Scouting from experiencing this life-changing program and to remain true to the long-standing virtues of Scouting.”
Tyrrell, the mom ousted for being gay and still unwelcome under the new policy, said in a press release, “I'm so proud of how far we've come, but until there's a place for everyone in Scouting, my work will continue.”
The dust has barely settled from Star Wars: The Force Awakens, but audiences already have a new installment to get excited for.
The world got a glimpse of Rogue One: A Star Wars Story in a teaser trailer that debuted Thursday on Good Morning America and quickly became a top trending topic on Twitter. The movie looks back to the events before 1977's A New Hope, introducing the ragtag rebels who unite to steal plans for the Death Star.
One of them is Felicity Jones from The Theory of Everything, whose blaster-wielding character Jyn Erso is featured prominently in the spot as she's tasked with the dangerous mission. The film is directed by Gareth Edwards, best known for the 2014 reboot of Godzilla.
Rogue One, which hits theaters Dec. 16, also stars Diego Luna, Forest Whitaker, Ben Mendelsohn and martial arts star Donnie Yen.
In the world of Rogue One, Edwards said at a fan event last year, the “absence of Jedi is omnipresent.''
The characters in the film realize that the “gods are not coming to save us,'' they said. “It comes down to a group of people who don't have magical powers who band together to bring hope to the galaxy.''
Cinderella scribe Chis Weitz wrote the screenplay based on an idea from visual effects supervisor John Knoll.
It's the first in a series of spinoff films set in the Star Wars universe, disconnected from the more chronological main trilogy that kicked off with The Force Awakens and will continue with Rian Johnson's Episode VIII, which arrives in December 2017.
One of the anthology films will focus on a young Han Solo. Empire Strikes Back and The Force Awakens co-writer Lawrence Kasdan and their son Jon Kasdan are writing the script for the film, which will be directed by Phil Lord and Christopher Miller of The Lego Movie and 21 Jump Street. Casting is still in the works for the space smuggler originated and made iconic by Harrison Ford.
Kiri Hart, vice president of development for Lucasfilm, said last year that the anthology films will vary in scale and genre.
“We wanted freedom to do some films that would be able to stand on their own and tell unique stories,'' they said.
“They can still feel like Star Wars and be Star Wars.''
Gum Chewing In School Is Good For The Brain Market: Education Share
Brain Power
Gum chewing in the classroom is becoming more popular for its ability to reduce stress, improve alertness, relieve anxiety and increase memory.
Antiquity
Did you know that people have been chewing gum for over 5000 years? It's true however, the first type of gum made from tree resin was unfortunately not very tasty. In 1848 John Curtis invented and sold the first packaged gum which they called, “The State of the Main Pure Spruce”. In 1893 William Wrigley who sold soap and scouring products at the time, saw the potential in chewing gum and introduced Wrigley Spearmint gum to the world.
The Proof Is In The Pudding
Studies have been done to prove that gum chewing in the classroom has had many positive effects on students. Lets take a look at the findings.
The L.A. Times reports a study done at Baylor College of Medicine in 2009. Sponsored by the Wrigley Science Institute, the findings are conclusive to the positive effects of gum chewing in the classroom. One hundred and eight students ages 13-16 were assigned to either chew gum during math class, while doing math homework and during tests or to refrain from chewing gum during the same activities. After 14 weeks, the group of students who chewed gum saw a 3% increase in standardized math test scores and received a significantly better final math grade compared to the students who did not chew gum. The study also concluded that the students who chewed gum required fewer breaks, kept a longer attention span and sat quieter for a longer period of time than those who did not chew gum.
Cardiff University's study in 2010 proved that chewing gum provided greater alertness, better heart rate, improved reaction times and higher attention span in students.
Dr. Kenneth Allen a proffessor at NYU's College of dentistry proved that chewing gum helps to release insulin into the bloodstream which affects how well your memory works.
In 2009 a study at Louisiana State University showed that by chewing sugar free gum people were less likely to snack. The study had 115 people chew gum for 3 hours in a day. The same 115 people were asked not to chew gum the next day. People were offered sweet snacks on both days. People took far fewer snacks on the day that they chewed gum. It has also been shown in other studies that people will reduce their snack intake by 65 calories if they chewed gum that day.
Interesting Gum Facts
65% of athletes chew gum to relieve stress before or during a game.
Metabolism increases by 20% when chewing gum (medical news today.com).
Chewing gum can improve memory by 40%.
Distractions
Some drawbacks of chewing gum in the classroom includes distracting other students, bubble blowing, loud chewing and or smacking of the gum while chewing. Teachers also find ABC gum under tables or chairs. Besides being gross, it can also become a hygiene problem.
Conclusion
The positive effects of chewing gum in the classroom seems to outweigh the negative. More schools should allow their students to chew gum during specific activities at school. It seems that chewing gum can increase test performance, alertness and overall brain power.
photo source
Garnett Genuis is the Conservative member of Parliament for Sherwood Park—Fort Saskatchewan. Read Liberal MP Steven MacKinnon's response to this 0p-ed here.
Suppose that, instead of $10.5 million, the Liberal government had agreed to give Omar Khadr $105 million. Would those who are defending the current settlement be just as willing to defend the hypothetical higher figure? Khadr's long-suffering defenders in this case seem singularly fixated on pointing out the tragedy of their life and circumstances, instead of defending the appropriateness of the settlement. Since I have yet to hear much defence of the particular figure, I wonder if that even matters to those who made the deal.
But, whether Khadr ultimately went home with $10.5 million or $105 million, no government ever announces a court settlement in the first week of July hoping that people will notice. The settlement terms were not released. Those who think this is somehow a good deal should explain the suspect timing and the secrecy. The government seems to have approached this issue with the sincere hope that you would not notice.
Khadr pled guilty to killing a U.S. soldier and war crimes. Their defenders say that they may not have actually committed the offences that they are accused of, since they allegedly only confessed as a result of torture. The United States has always denied allegations that Guantanamo Bay detainees were tortured, including Khadr. In 2010, the military judge in their war crimes trial ruled there was “no credible evidence” Khadr was tortured.
The United States was and remains a rule of law country to which we routinely extradite suspected criminals—it would be strange to selectively doubt the determinations of American justice in this case.
Regardless of how you view American justice, Khadr's defenders are trying to have their cake and eat it too with regard to their own credibility. They would like us to accept at face value their claims of torture (despite the evidence), while rejecting their admissions of guilt (despite the evidence).
The $10.5 million payout to Khadr was, indisputably, a political choice. Nothing in any court decision obliged the government to do it. The government has argued that the ongoing legal action would be expensive, and that they would have had very little chance of winning in court.
In this respect, the government's claim is highly dubious. The last Conservative government agreed to $10.5 million in compensation for Maher Arar, who indisputably was tortured and was innocent. (He was sent to Syria during the tenure of the previous Liberal government). If $10.5 million was an acceptable settlement for Arar, an innocent person who was tortured, then surely we do not owe the same amount to Khadr, a guilty person whose torture claims are disputed.
Further, governments ought not simply approach litigation in a way that aims to minimize the costs in that particular case. Governments ought to defend certain kinds of cases, as far as is required, when a principle of fundamental justice is at stake. We would have been well served to see the courts rule on this particular aspect of the Khadr question. This is one of those cases where justice is best served by revealing for certain what our laws oblige.
It was a political choice for the government to pay Khadr, and it was a political choice for it to pay out that money in a way that absolutely minimized the prospects of the family of Christopher Speer, the soldier they were accused of killing, accessing any of it. Surely Khadr owes something to the family. What possible public interest was served by the government seeking to minimize the Speers' access to these funds?
While many people have used the term “child soldier” to describe Khadr, the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child sets the minimum age for recruitment into a state's armed forces at 15, not 18 (see article 38). An optional protocol, which came into force in the same year Khadr was arrested, adds that those under 18 should not be conscripted into armed forces and that military volunteers under 18 should not take part in direct hostilities. Undoubtedly these conventions were not of great concern to the Taliban; but they do throw into question the idea that Khadr was formally a “child soldier” at the time of their capture. Though restricted in what they can do, this convention clearly regards people in Khadr's age category differently than those who are under 15. But in any event, I am not aware of anything in international law which provides for an exemption from war crimes prosecution based on the criminal's age, provided that the criminal has the maturity to properly understand their actions and the consequences.
Finally, many of Khadr's defenders invoke the idea of forgiveness, especially recognizing that they grew up in a family that normalized and glorified terrorism. But Khadr is a free man, living in the best country in the world. That is sufficient forgiveness. Adding $10.5 million to that picture is gilding the lily more than just a bit.
Khadr's defenders are also not looking for a consistent ethic of forgiveness. They want their pound of flesh from Canadian taxpayers because of their incarceration in the United States and yet they want those same Canadians to forgive Khadr for their actions.
LETTER TO THE EDITOR: ‘We owed them better than what they endured'
Omar Khadr had a terrible upbringing. They also committed a terrible crime. As a free man, they now have an opportunity to make restitution for their crime. But the government was wrong to write them a massive cheque, in the absence of any legal obligation to do so, in a way aimed at minimizing public discussion and minimizing the ability of the Speer family to access any of that money.
Putting Khadr in jail was an act of justice. Releasing them was an act of forgiveness. Giving them $10.5 million of taxpayer's money was an act of grievous injustice, lacking in proportionality and lacking in compassion for their victims and for struggling taxpayers.
Strategy and timing are the Himalayas of marketing. Everything else is the Catskills. – Al Ries
While getting your launch's timing right won't guarantee your success, getting it wrong will definitely make it harder for you to be successful.
Getting your timing right is one of the most important things you can do to have a great launch. (Click here to tweet this. Thank you!)
In today's video, I discuss why timing for launches is so critical and point out the things many people – including my team – routinely forget or don't leave enough time for.
I have a lot more I want to share about the strategy of launching and I don't want to bombard everyone with all of it, though there will be another video or two in the next week.
Learn to launch the right way NOW with Epic Launch Playbook. Learn more here.
Lithium-ion pioneer shifts focus to solid-state batteries
Mar 15, 2017, 12:14pm ET
by Justin King
Researchers claim the new technology offers higher energy density and long cycle life,
The co-inventor of the lithium-ion battery, 94-year-old John Goodenough, has turned their sights to solid-state battery technology.
Goodenough teamed with University of Texas at Austin senior research fellow Maria Helena Braga to create the first all-solid-state battery cells. The technology is claimed to be safer and faster-charging than lithium-ion, with energy densities three times higher.
"Cost, safety, energy density, rates of charge and discharge and cycle life are critical for battery-driven cars to be more widely adopted," Goodenough says. "We believe our discovery solves many of the problems that are inherent in today's batteries."
Detailed in a recent paper published in the journal Energy & Environmental Science, the solid-state batteries use a glass electrolyte instead of the liquid electrolyte employed by lithium-ion cells. An alkali metal anode can then be used without forming dendrites, which can lead to explosions and fires in lithium-ion cells.
Other solid-state batteries are said to have been sensitive to temperature, requiring operation above 60 degrees Celsius (140 Fahrenheit), but glass electrolytes can maintain high conductivity at temperatures as low as -20 degrees Celsius (-4 Fahrenheit).
Braga suggests the glass electrolyte also allows lithium to be replaced by sodium, which can be extracted from seawater.
Goodenough and Braga are working on several patents and collaborating with battery makers to continue development. Most battery 'breakthroughs' fail to materialize as viable products. Goodenough is an icon in the battery research world, however, so their latest work will likely be closely followed by the auto industry.
Bust. Snitch. Rat. Immature.
All words that have been linked to Lakers point guard D'Angelo Russell. Each term used unfairly in describing the 20-year-old Louisville native.
When the Snapchat mishap came to be, Russell's national image took a nosedive. Many news outlets put the former Buckeye in a negative spotlight, showing little to no remorse. Months after the event, Jalen Rose and Jay Williams continue the media onslaught on Russell.
When the leak occurred, the perception of Russell as a player went out the window and focus of conversations shifted to the off-court incident. Even after multiple apologies and deepest expression of regret, all talk of Russell's play remained nonexistent.
Russell is already making it a point to silence their critics and put their name out there for the right reasons.
After losing their biggest critic in Byron Scott, the door is already open for Russell to confidently play the game they love. Game in and game out, Scott would search for ways to “humble” their rookie point guard. With Scott out and Luke Walton in, it seems the days of coaches hampering Russell are done; at least, in front of the eyes and ears of the media.
Walton's hiring is one of the best things that could've happened to Russell. Walton has already publicly stated qualities in Russell's game which they like and also discussed their fit with new Laker, Brandon Ingram. Things like that should give Lakers fans optimism about Russell's development just from a confidence standpoint. Repeatedly, they were put down last year at the hint of credence in their game, so some positive reinforcement should only allow them to move forward without fear of being put down by their coach. Russell is already excited to play under their new boss.
Russell is about to be handed the keys to the offense, you know, an actual offense. Their playmaking will be put on full display this go-around, being surrounded by more viable threats on offense, even before the Lakers start to spend in free agency. The addition of sharpshooting Brandon Ingram will prove helpful, especially because of Russell's court vision and Ingram's innate ability to find open spots on the court. Jordan Clarkson has improved their perimeter shooting every year since their junior year at Missouri, and the now third-year player seems set on taking the next step to becoming more reliable from behind the arc.
That asupervisorstioned playmaking is arguably Russell's best trait. Each game, Russell would drop the jaws of even their teammates with dazzling displays of passing. From behind the head passes to Julius Randle to cross-court bounce passes to moon man Larry Nance, Jr., Russell captivated audiences with their elite court vision. Now without Kobe Bryant and the iso-loving Scott, Russell will operate with the ball in their hands exponentially more.
That isn't to say he's incapable of impacting the game off the ball. Russell displayed decent spot up shooting in their rookie year and found open areas on the court, even when their teammates were not able to find him. The combination of Marcelo Huertas and Russell was surprisingly successful (relative to any other Laker combination), being that Huertas could find Russell when they got open in the half court.
Let's talk about addition by subtraction AKA the likely event that Roy Hibbert does not return to the Lakers. I want to say that Roy Hibbert seems like a good teammate and all-around great guy, but last season they proved they do not have a place on this team. A team that mustered up 17 wins.
Hibbert spent more time bobbling Russell's passes and falling down than grabbing rebounds and putting the ball in the basket. Finding a big who can play in the pick-and-roll and stay on their feet will be key in Russell's development.
Tarik Black was far and away the Lakers' best pick-and-roll big with both Russell and Huertas. If the front office makes the smart choice, Black will be the only center returning from last year. But the Lakers have a shot to reel in an elite pick-and-roll center in Hassan Whiteside. A Russell-Whiteside pick-and-roll tag team would set the world and both players' stat sheets on fire. The thought of Russell to Whiteside lobs is drooled inducing to basketball nerds all around.
The inclusion (and in Hibbert's case, departure) of those players should eliminate all of the “3.3 assists” talk. Looking at you, Jay Williams. Russell is a big guard who can pull down rebounds and see the whole floor while running the break, a quality which will be especially prominent in Walton's transition-heavy offense.
Russell's size will also allow them to dominate smaller guards in the post. At 6'5″, Russell already has a nice height advantage, and the point guard continues to work in the weight room to fill out their big frame. Russell has already stated their intent to become “a bully”, and they showed some flashes of that in the back half of their rookie season. He'd back defenders down then hit them with a Dirk-esque post fadeaway.
Another aspect of Russell's inside game is their ability to keep defenders on their hip, lull them to sleep, then make their move to the rim. As they got more time on the floor, Russell displayed this trait more often, with more success. Russell has shown a craftiness around the basket that is uncommon in younger players.
Due to the lack of shooters around him, Russell didn't have many assists out of the posts, but Ingram and a revamped Jordan Clarkson should help inflate those numbers. Clarkson not only because of improved outside shooting, but also because of a better understanding of moving without the ball and cutting, which they showed as the year progressed.
Russell started to find their stroke from deep later on in the year, eventually setting the rookie record for three-point field goals made (8) in a game. They were known as a prolific scorer in their year at Ohio State, and Russell held true to the description on several different nights, no more so in their rookie season than their 39-point performance against the Brooklyn Nets.
On defense, Russell has much room to improve, but that isn't to say a foundation isn't there. Russell is well-equipped to defend with a 6'5″ frame, near 6'10” wingspan, and 8'6″ standing reach. As previously mentioned, Russell is continuing to work on putting on weight. As they fill out, they will be harder for opposing players to drive through when they climb up the scale. Their long reach makes is difficult for players to go around him, and allows them to play passing lanes.
The instincts are there, though. Russell is the best Laker guard at knowing when to switch, although they can get complacent in keeping track of their own man from time-to-time. They have a bit of a tendency to die on screens but has shown somewhat of an ability to fight through them when fully engaged. Other lapses include Russell picking Drake over Kendrick Lamar as the number one guy in rap, but we can try to overlook that one.
Russell has a positive reputation as an instinctual player, including the killer instinct. They have never shied away from the spotlight. No moment has ever been too big for him. Russell showed the ‘ice in their veins' against the Nets, coming through in the clutch facing the Timberwolves, and put their body on the line in a self-led comeback against the Kings. And in a night that is remembered for Clarkson suggesting Russell bite their tongue about Byron Scott, Russell was the brightest player in the Rising Stars game, dropping 22 points and seven assists in just 16 minutes.
While the Lakers continue their search for their next star, they'll continue to develop the one they have in the making. D'Angelo Russell and company are ushering in a new era of Lakers basketball. LA's next star is prepared to start the post-Kobe chapter in the league's winningest franchise. Don't be mistaken, Brandon Ingram has star potential, but that potential will be unlocked by last year's second overall pick. Russell is ready to turn heads and prove the doubters wrong as they continue on their path to becoming the next big thing for the Los Angeles Lakers.
The Lakers next star is Loading. Make sure you're watching.
WA Environment Minister rules out ban on agricultural fertilisers to curb nutrients in water catchment
Posted
The Western Australian Environment Minister has categorically ruled out banning agricultural fertilisers, despite figures showing nutrient loads in a critical water catchment have continued to exceed target levels for more than a decade.
The Ellen Brook runs through the Swan Valley and delivers 40 per cent of the nutrients flowing into the Swan River that contribute to algal blooms and fish kills.
Reducing that nutrient flow is seen as a vital part of the Government's effort to revive the river, but figures from the Swan River Trust show how difficult that task has proven.
A report on nutrient monitoring in the Ellen Brook from 2001 to 2013 showed short-term nitrogen level targets were achieved in only five years, and long-term targets were not achieved at all in that period.
The performance on phosphorous reduction levels was worse, with monitoring showing neither short nor long-term targets were achieved once in the 13-year period.
But WA Environment Minister Albert Jacob said although those figures revealed little or no progress, they would not agree to demands from Labor and environmentalists to ban river-harming agricultural fertilisers in the catchment.
"Agriculture is far too important an industry for this state," they said.
"They are growing our food. Cattle and a range of agricultural and horticultural uses sit in that catchment."
While political debate has focused on the issues of nutrients and fertiliser use, Mr Jacob said the problems and the solutions must be broader than that.
"No one of these programs is a single solution," they said.
"Oxygenation is a critical part of what has helped the river turn around since probably its lowest point in the mid-2000s."
The Swan River Trust has run programs in the past that pumped oxygen bubbles into the river, to try to prevent fish deaths.
Wetlands will only strip fraction of nutrients from clogged waterways
Mr Jacob said the Government was tackling the issue of nutrient inflow by installing nutrient-stripping wetlands, as well as infill sewerage programs.
The Government has spent $4 million creating a wetland along the Ellen Brook in order to remove nutrients from the waterway, which Mr Jacob said would have a positive effect.
They said the system would come online in winter.
It is estimated the wetlands will remove 660kg of nitrogen and phosphorous from a waterway that since 2001 has annually carried from five to 90 tonnes of nutrients into the river.
Mr Jacob conceded the 660kg yearly reduction, in percentage terms, was a small one.
Another nutrient-stripping project at the Eric Singleton reserve in the Perth suburb of Bayswater fares a little better, but still removes only a portion of the nutrients causing algal bloom and fish deaths.
"At Eric Singleton we get 50 per cent of our target. Ellen Brook is a lot smaller than that," they said.
When finished three years from now, the Eric Singleton reserve wetland will strip two of the 11 tonnes of nutrients the Bayswater Brook carries to the river.
Mr Jacob said there was no quick fix and that the effort to reduce the nutrient inflow will take decades because of the amount of nutrients already in the ground.
"The nutrient build up from historical land uses will still mean that 40 years of nutrient inflow coming into the river," they said.
"That flushing will still continue for another 40 years or so but these measures such as nutrient stripping wetlands, such as oxygenation, such as soil amendment products, a whole range of strategies are starting to make an improvement in the right direction."
Topics: agricultural-chemicals, agricultural-crops, water-supply, water-pollution, environmental-management, perth-6000
Three robberies in Brampton in less than an hour Monday night (Jan. 19) have Peel Regional Police searching for multiple suspects.
Officers are looking into whether the robberies, which occurred in the parking lot of Bramalea City Centre, at the IDA Pharmacy on Rambler Drive and in a taxi cab at Charolais Boulevard and Moffat Avenue, are connected.
The first occurred at the pharmacy just after 8:30 p.m. Police say two suspects went into the store and used a weapon to rob the employee of cash and prescription medication. Police say the suspects fled in a grey or silver Honda Civic and were last seen heading southbound on Kennedy Road.
About 15 minutes later, in the parking lot of Bramalea City Centre, police say a teen was assaulted by two suspects wearing black hoodies before they took their smartphone and fled the scene on foot. Police say one of the hoodies was checkered. The victim suffered minor injuries and was treated at the scene.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan has been left out of Manchester United's match-day squad for the last two games
Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho has criticised Henrikh Mkhitaryan's recent form - as Borussia Dortmund indicate they would be interested in re-signing the Armenia forward.
Mkhitaryan, who joined from Dortmund in July 2016 for £26.3m, has been left out of United's last two match-day squads.
The 28-year-old will return to the United squad for Saturday's Premier League game against Brighton.
Mourinho said Mkhitaryan's performances have been "decreasing step by step".
Mkhitaryan started 10 of United's first 11 Premier Leagues games before they were dropped after being substituted in the 62nd minute of the 1-0 defeat to Chelsea on 5 November.
"I was not happy with their last performances," said Mourinho of a player who has scored twice in 16 games this season.
"It's not one or two, I am talking about three, four or five."
Mkhitaryan made a modest start to their United career and did not start a Premier League game in almost three months after being substituted at half-time in the defeat to Manchester City last September.
Their form improved during the second half of the season and they scored as United beat Ajax in the Europa League final in Stockholm in May.
"He started well this season but their performance levels, goalscoring, assists, high pressing, bringing the team with them as number 10, were decreasing step by step," added Mourinho.
"That was enough [to be dropped] because the others worked to have a chance. Everybody works to have a chance. It's as simple as that."
Dortmund has a history of buying back big-name players they have recently sold.
Midfielder Shinji Kagawa returned to the German club in 2014 after two years at Manchester United.
Germany playmaker Mario Gotze arrived back in Dortmund in 2016 after three seasons at Bayern Munich while Turkey midfielder Nuri Sahin had a season at Real Madrid and a loan spell with Liverpool before returning, initially on loan, after a two-year absence in 2014
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
Ofir Drori's relaxing escape into the tribal woodlands of Ethiopia's Omo River banks quickly turned from dream vacation into a battleground, when a cantankerous crocodile crossed their path.
“I believe that adventures build you. I feel fortunate to have had this adventure, to have been attacked by a crocodile and survived,” Drori told The Jerusalem Post on Wednesday night, on the phone from their bed in Haifa's Rambam Hospital.
The Last Great Ape
Post
Post
About to enter surgery to have a gaping infection cleaned, Drori spoke about their Ethiopian adventure nearly two weeks ago, when a large croc feasted on a chunk of their calf. After spending a week healing in Ethiopian hospitals, they made a spontaneous decision to fly back for treatment in their native home on Monday.By no means inexperienced with African wildlife, the 37-year-old Cameroon-based Israeli is the founder and director of both The Last Great Ape Organization Cameroon (LAGA) and the Central Africa Wildlife Law Enforcement Network – organizations that have led to hundreds of arrests and prosecutions of wildlife criminals. In October 2012, Drori received the World Wildlife Fund for Nature Duke Edinburgh Conservation Medal, directly from the Duke of Edinburgh, Prince Phillip, in Buckingham Palace. The WWF describes Drori as a “tireless anti-corruption whistleblower,” who has successfully shifted Cameroon's judicial system by curbing an escalating wildlife trafficking industry.He also recently co-authored a book called, which details both their conservation work and the many adventures they had throughout Africa following their army service – many of which they described as just as dangerous as their crocodile encounter.“My family is not shocked that this happened to me,” they told theEmbarking on a vacation with the remote Omo River tribes, Drori posted an optimistic Facebook status on December 21, informing their friends that they were “heading to the Omo River to disconnect from Facebook and emails and phones” for the next week and a half.But by December 29, Drori was posting many different statuses from a hospital in Arba Minch, describing their harrowing encounter with an unrelenting crocodile. “I stuck with my theory, no crocodile will try to swallow an entire canoe,” they wrote.“I was wrong.”After admittedly disregarding warnings from friends, Drori said they were busy enjoying the “pristine nature” of the river and watching baboons when the 3-meter croc charged at their canoe and locked its jaw on their leg. Realizing they were in shallow water, Drori said they dug one leg into the sand and used the other to struggle against the croc. The animal, however, proceeded to open its jaws and tighten its grasp on their body, dragging them into deeper waters, they explained.Although Drori managed to release their leg and leap out of the water, they said they found that part of their calf was missing and blood was gushing out of their leg at a potentially fatal rate. Jumping back into the canoe briefly, they recalled grabbing their tourniquet and small personal items before searching for nearby villagers.“But there was no one for two days,” they wrote on Facebook.After some two days of unsuccessful searches for humans by foraging through the forests, lighting fires and floating on makeshift life rafts, Drori said they finally spotted tribesmen. Providing them with food, the tribesmen directed them to a telephone some eight kilometers away.Trudging to the phone with a walking stick, they said they called an ambulance to bring them to the nearest health station.Drori was transferred to the hospital in the southern Ethiopian city of Arba Minch, and later, to what they described from a hospital bed on January 3 as “the best hospital in Adis Ababa.”By Monday night, however, Drori had become “increasingly frustrated with the doctors” and after experiencing renewed infections, they jumped on a plane to Israel.“I thought it was under control – I wanted to stay in Ethiopia. I was in the end at a good hospital, the best hospital in Ethiopia,” Drori told the“But then it started getting infected again and I didn't have confidence with the explanations of the doctors.”“I made a very quick decision, and four hours later I was already on a plane,” they added.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
TORONTO, ON -- The Canadian Hockey League today announced that Laurent Brossoit of the Edmonton Oil Kings is the Vaughn CHL Goaltender of the Week after posting a 3-0-0-0 record with one shutout along with a goals-against-average of 0.67 and save percentage of .971 for the playoff week ending March 31.
Brossoit allowed just two goals on 70 shots in the final three games of the top ranked Oil Kings' first round WHL Eastern Conference playoff series against the Kootenay Ice backstopping the defending champs to a 4-1 series victory. Tied 1-1, the series shifted to Cranbrook, BC, for Game 3 last Tuesday night where Brossoit made 24 saves and was named second star of the 7-1 Oil Kings win. The next night Brossoit earned their second shutout of the series and fourth of their playoff career with 20 saves to claim first star honours in the 4-0 victory. Leading the series 3-1, Brossoit and the Oil Kings returned to Edmonton and shut the door before a Sportsnet Friday Night Hockey audience where they made 24 stops to preserve the 4-1 win.
Brossoit, who recently turned 20-years-old, is from Surrey, BC, and playing in their third full WHL season. Selected by the Calgary Flames in the sixth round of the 2011 NHL Draft, Brossoit leads the 2013 WHL Playoffs with a goals-against-average of 0.76 and their save percentage of .968 is ranked second in the league.
What a ruckus! NBC's David Gregory hosted the second debate between Massachusetts Senate candidates, sitting Republican Scott Brown and their Democratic challenger, Elizabeth Warren. If you want to call the interruption derby that devolved before the University of Massachusetts at Lowell students' eyes a debate. Gregory opened by asking Warren about the well-worn Cherokee heritage controversy. Warren repeated what she's said before—including in the last debate, which Brown opened by attacking them on the same issue. (Full disclosure: Warren's daughter, Amelia Warren Tyagi, is a member of The American Prospect's board of directors and is chair of the board of the magazine's publishing partner, Demos.)
Gregory devoted many minutes of the debate to the issue, which began when the Boston Herald reported that Harvard University had claimed Warren as a minority on forms to counteract claims that its faculty wasn't diverse enough. Brown wants to use it to cast doubt on the entire biography Warren presents to voters—who were by and large unfamiliar with them before they entered the race—and also to score points with working-class voters who are suspicious of affirmative action. He's suggesting they got a job they were otherwise unqualified for. That's a position that misunderstands the fundamental nature and purpose of affirmative action, and its a view Gregory reinforced when they asked Brown if there was any reason to think Warren was unqualified otherwise. Brown would not say that. He's said, over and over, that they think she's a good professor, and they ended last night's debate by saying that they would do "anything in [his] power" to keep them in that position.
Otherwise, the roundtable format Gregory had said they wanted to be a "healthy, cordial exchange," turned into a battle to finish sentences, with counter claims and accusations of lies flying between the two candidates. Gregory lost control. The format allowed for one moment, when Warren tried to interrupt Brown, when Brown got to let loose with something they must have been planning for a long time: "Excuse me, I'm not a student in your classroom. Please let me respond, ok?" Buuuuuuuurrrrrrrrn. #plannedzinger
Is it sacrilege to admit that it was refreshing when students started asking basic questions allowing the candidates to revert to talking points? Because that's what I felt when that very thing happened, 40 minutes in. Finally, the candidates knew what they were saying, things ran smoothly, and Twitter could stop populating my timeline with fake questions Gregory wanted to ask. "Who is your favorite Kardashian?" They did ask Warren why there hadn't been a female senator from Massachusetts. "I don't know," they said, reasonably. "Right now I'm trying to do something about that."
The race has, in the past week, turned into the sort of mudslinging that had been kept at bay by a dignified-sounding but destined-to-die pact to play nice. It reached a new level of ugliness when Brown supporters, including some campaign staffers, faked tomahawk chops and war-whoops to mock Warren's Cherokee story: Some in Massachusetts have been calling them Fauxahontas and Lieawatha since April. (Over the weekend, David Treuer, a member of the Ojibwe tribe, wrote a great New York Times editorial about the prejudices and racism that American Indians face.) The Massachusetts Senate race is one of a handful that will decide the balance of the Senate. If Brown returns for a new term in 2013, it'll be because they were never as much of a fluke as national observers thought. If Warren wins, she'll be the most talked-about first-year student senator since Illinois sent Barack Obama to D.C. in 2005. It's also been the most expensive race this year, and, as it drags on, it's costing even more.
The second is “stand your ground,” which has two prongs. In your own home, you can shoot to kill in order to prevent a felony -- such the stealing of a TV or the writing of a bad check. Anywhere else, you can shoot to kill if you feel like you're being personally threatened. You don't have to try to run away first. And you won't have to prove that you had a solid reason to be afraid in the first place.
These gun bills (HF188 and HF238) were both introduced in the Minnesota House on Thursday, signed by a litany of Republican authors. They do not yet have Senate versions, but the Senate too is controlled by Republicans this year so it's may be a matter of time.
So here's how it currently works in Minnesota.
In order to carry a gun, you have to get a permit from your county. They'll check if you can legally have a gun -- that you haven't gotten that right revoked because you were convicted of a felony or because you beat up your spouse. Then you have to take a class and pass a range test. After that, you can walk around with that gun on your hip.
Minnesota also allows you to kill in self-defense. Obviously, if someone's threatening your life, you aren't expected to just lay down. But you do have to prove that you at least tried to get away, that killing was your last resort, and that any reasonable person in your position would have done the same thing.
“This is huge,” says The Rev. Nancy Nord Bence, executive director of gun control organization Protect Minnesota. “Yes, it's bad that now you could shoot someone if you think they're going to steal your TV in your house. That's terrible. But the part we have to really pay attention to is this completely changes our understanding of how we prove self-defense in this state and what self-defense means.”
Nord Bence, who was holding a press conference at the Capital on the Fort Lauderdale airport shooting at the time the bills were introduced, says they could add a layer of paranoia to everyday interactions.
“Look at the fear of immigrants we have in this state,” Nord Bence says. “You have been told that we have to worry about these Somali immigrants because they're terrorists, and now you see a guy who looks like a terrorist, and you have no duty to retreat before using deadly force, and the presumption of innocence is with the shooter. … It's going to lead to a wholesale arming of communities that feel threatened by this because if you were, say, a Somali immigrant in St. Cloud right now with all of the racial tension that's going on, this bill is reason for you to be afraid.”
The most famous stand your ground case in recent memory is that of George Zimmerman's killing of hoodie-wearing 17-year-old Trayvon Martin. At the time, Florida's stand your ground law ensured that Zimmerman could shoot if they had a fear of Martin, even if they aren't afraid enough to run away. Zimmerman's acquittal was the catalyst for the Black Lives Matter movement.
Gov. Mark Dayton will most likely veto both bills. But they'll nonetheless test how the state begins to deal with the new power of extremists in the legislature.
Land availability in Nunavut's capital of Iqaluit is limiting new construction and further straining the city's dire housing situation, according to the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation.
In its 2017 northern housing report, the CMHC examined housing markets for the three territorial capitals. It found that Iqaluit's social housing need is dire — estimating between 160 and 180 units are needed to close the gap — but noted there are currently no new units under construction.
After consulting with industry stakeholders, the CMHC determined a lack of available land is partially to blame.
However, the report notes that there are plans to extend the Road to Nowhere community in Iqaluit, which could increase potential areas for construction.
Highest rents in Canada
Average rents in Iqaluit remain among the highest in Canada, with average rents for a two-bedroom coming in at $2,597 per month. According to the report, two thirds of Nunavut's population cannot afford market housing without assistance from their employer or the government.
As a result, the vast majority of rental units in Iqaluit are either social housing, government staff housing, or rented by businesses for use by their employees. Just nine per cent of rentals in Iqaluit involve private citizens renting directly from landlords.
The majority of rental market units in Iqaluit are leased for government staff housing. Just nine per cent are leased by private individuals. (CMHC Northern Housing Report 2017)
The report noted that Nunavut's population continues to grow — a third of all households have five or more people in them in the territory. This will translate into a need for not just more social housing, but units with multiple bedrooms.
Housing sales up 33% in Yellowknife
Yellowknife's housing market was a mixed bag in 2016.
Despite a net out-migration for the territory (615 more people left the N.W.T. than entered it in the last two years), housing sales rose by 33 per cent in 2016. The majority of the increase came from the growing demand for condominiums and mobile homes. As a result, the average home sale price in the city declined by one per cent, to $395,500.
Yellowknife has many households able to afford single-detached homes (green, on the right), as well as households eligible for rent subsidies few are accessing. (CMHC Northern Housing Report 2017)
Builders began work on 59 single-detached homes in the city in 2016, the highest number since 2004, and a 40 per cent increase from 2015. Increased demand for lower-cost housing and slowed down mine activity has caused rental costs to level out: average rent for a two-bedroom unit declined from $1,700 in 2015 to $1,636 in 2016.
The report used census data to estimate that most of Yellowknife's population — 72 per cent — can afford to rent or own at market rate without requiring government assistance. However, it also noted that many government subsidy programs are being underused.
Only 68 people across the N.W.T. took advantage of the NWT Housing Corporation's Transitional Rent Supplement Program in 2015. The program provides up to $500 a month in rent for up to two years for families that earn under $70,000 and pay over 30 per cent of their income in rent.
The report didn't address Yellowknife's ongoing homelessness crisis.
Rental construction up in Whitehorse
Workers at Yukon's Minto mine in 2015. A surprise extension of the mine in early 2017 has led to an economic upturn. (Capstone Mining) Whitehorse experienced a rebound year in 2016, with the economy bouncing back due to higher mining output and forecasts remaining strong for 2017. That translated to the highest level of rental construction in the city in over a decade. However, increased demand led the rental rate to increase slightly, from $1,029 (on average) for a two-bedroom unit to $1,083.
The capital also saw an 11 per cent increase in home sales in 2016, a pattern that CMHC is suggesting could increase as economic conditions continue to improve and more people transition to home ownership. Average prices for home sales increased by five per cent, to $380,000. For 2017, CMHC is predicting that number will continue to increase — due to fewer listings and new builds in the city — to between $394,000 and $404,000 this year.
CMHC was more bullish on Whitehorse than either of the other territorial capitals, explaining that optimism in the area could also bring in more people from out of territory, increasing rental demand.
People who see a divine hand or the iron laws of dialectical materialism at work in human affairs bridle at the question: "What if things had turned out differently?" To EH Carr, historian of Soviet Russia, to speak of what might have happened in history, as opposed to what did happen, was just a "parlour game". To EP Thompson, author of The Making of the English Working Class, such counterfactual speculation was "unhistorical shit".
Other historians have confessed to being more intrigued. "The historian must constantly put themselves at a point in the past at which the known factors will seem to permit different outcomes," wrote Johan Huizinga. It is important to recognise that, at any moment in history, there are real alternatives, argued Hugh Trevor-Roper.
Happily, none of this argument deters the writers of fiction or the public. Germany's possible defeat of Britain in 1940 is by some distance the national treasure trove of might-have-beens. As long ago as 1964, the film It Happened Here by Kevin Brownlow and Andrew Mollo raised the then unthinkable thought that collaboration would have thrived in Hitler's Britain. More recently, a succession of novels, including Robert Harris's Fatherland, Resistance by Owen Sheers and CJ Sansom's Dominion – which imagines a Vichy Britain in 1952 ruled by Lord Beaverbrook and Oswald Mosley – have explored the same theme.
By comparison, the first world war has been the subject of far less counterfactual speculation. Niall Ferguson is one of the exceptions, in an essay which considers the possibility that Britain might have stood aside from the European war in August 1914. And although their essay suffers from the fact that the Eurosceptic Ferguson is over-eager to portray the kaiser as the godfather of the later European Union, their account of the cabinet debates of 1914 is fascinating because Herbert Asquith's Liberal government could so easily have decided to stay out of the war – and very nearly did.
With the centenary of the first world war almost upon us, 2014 is likely to witness plenty of debate about the right forms of commemoration and about whether the war achieved anything. At present, argument about the war mainly consists of two mutually uncomprehending camps. On the one hand, there are those who, as Margaret MacMillan put it recently, think the war was "an unmitigated catastrophe in a sea of mud". On the other, there are those who insist that it was nevertheless "about something". At the time, says MacMillan, people on all sides thought they had a just cause. "It is condescending and wrong to think they were hoodwinked."
But what was the something that the first world war was about? To answer that it was a war between empires, which it surely was, is fine as long as some effort is made to distinguish between the empires. But this rarely happens in a debate that is polarised between collective myths of national sacrifice on the one hand (certainly in Britain and France) and an indiscriminate muddy catastrophe on the other.
The more one tries to examine and maybe get beyond these dominant narratives, as we should next year and as the centenary rolls on, the more a bit of the counterfactual may help the process.
The first world war came to an end in November 1918, when the German armies surrendered near Compiegne. But it could plausibly have ended in a very different way in spring 1918, if Ludendorff's offensive on Paris and towards the Channel had succeeded. It nearly did so. And what might 20th-century Europe have been like if it had?
Obviously, it would have been dominated and shaped by Germany. But what kind of Germany? The militaristic, conservative, repressive Prussian power created by Bismarck? Or the Germany with the largest labour movement in early 20th-century Europe? German history after 1918 would have been a contest between the two – and no one can say which would have won in the end.
But one can say that a victorious Germany, imposing peace on the defeated allies at the treaty of Potsdam, would not have had the reparations and grievances that were actually inflicted upon it by France at Versailles. As a consequence, the rise of Hitler would have been much less likely. In that case, neither the Holocaust nor the second world war would necessarily have followed. If Germany's Jews had survived, Zionism might not have had the international moral force that it rightly claimed after Hitler's defeat. The modern history of the Middle East would therefore be very different – partly also because Turkey would have been among the victors in 1918.
In the kaiser's Europe, defeated France would be the more likely seedbed for fascism, not Germany. But with its steel and coal still in German-controlled Alsace-Lorraine, France's military and naval potential would have been contained. Meanwhile, defeated Britain would have seen its navy sunk in the Heligoland Bight, have been forced to cede its oil interests in the Middle East and the Gulf to Germany, and have been unable to contain Indian nationalism. In practice, the British empire would have been unsustainable. Today's Britain might have ended up as a modest north European social democratic republic – like Denmark without a prince.
Meanwhile America, whose entry into the war would have been successfully pre-empted by Germany's victory, would have become a firmly isolationist power and not the enforcer of international order. Franklin Roosevelt would solve America's postwar economic problems in the 1930s, but they would never fight a war in Europe – though they might have to fight one against Japan. The Soviet Union, with a wary but powerful neighbour in victorious Germany, would have been the great destabilising factor but it might not have been invaded as it was in 1941. And with no second world war there might never have been a cold war either.
A parlour game? Obviously. But at least we can see that the outcome mattered. Europe would have been different if Germany had won in 1918. It would have been grim, repressive and unpredictable in many ways. But there is a plausible case for saying many fewer people would have died in 20th-century Europe. If nothing else, that is worth some reflection. The first world war was a catastrophe in the mud. But it was about something more than tragic sacrifice too. The outcome – what happened and what did not – made a difference. In 2014 we need to get beyond the rival national perspectives and learn to see the war more objectively and thoughtfully than has yet happened.
RIO DE JANEIRO, Brazil — Five years after their brother was gunned down by masked hitmen, a leading anti-mafia member of congress and human-rights activist has been forced to flee Brazil because of threats to assassinate him.
Marcelo Freixo, a 44-year-old lawmaker from Rio de Janeiro's parliament, went into temporary exile earlier this week, after security authorities detected a series of plots to murder him.
Freixo, who was elected in 2006 and hopes to run for mayor next year, has developed a reputation as a vocal opponent of Rio's powerful milicias, in Portuguese — paramilitary mafia groups that are composed of off-duty police officers and other security forces.
Their departure underscores the growing power and reach of mafia groups across the country that will host the 2014 World Cup. Two years later, Rio will stage the
Summer Olympics — the first South American city to do so. But while the so-called Marvellous City is eager to present a safe, modern face to the world, serious security issues persist, among them the milicias.
Read more: Brazilians leave the faith
Now said to control around 300 regions of the city, the milicias are heavily-armed paramilitary groups that make their money from extortion and illegally taxing services such as cable TV, transport and cooking gas.
When the milicias first emerged they promoted themselves as community defense groups that vowed to protect impoverished parts of the city from gangs of drug traffickers. Today, however, they have become criminal enterprises in their own right, boasting war-grade arsenals and strong links to a number of influential politicians.
Freixo, a veteran human-rights activist, has dedicated much of their mandate to campaigning against the milicias. In 2008 they set-up and presided over a parliamentary inquiry into the groups' illicit activities. The inquiry came about after two journalists from Rio's O Dia newspaper were kidnapped and tortured by milicia members after they were caught secretly monitoring the criminals in one Rio slum.
Read more: Learning English in Brazil
The episode helped cast light on the mafia's growing grip on the city and led to public outcry at the milicia's perceived ties to power.
“For a long time the milicias were seen as a lesser evil in Rio de Janeiro but these criminals are a threat to democracy and the rule of law,” Freixo said this week, before flying with their family to an undisclosed European country.
Freixo's decision to leave the country came three months after Patricia Acioli, a leading anti-mafia judge, was executed outside their home. Acioli's car was riddled with 21 bullets, many of which were later discovered to be police-issue. Eleven members of Rio's military police force have been accused of plotting their murder.
Freixo's stance against the milicias has come at a great personal cost. Since 2008 they have been forced to travel and work flanked by armed security guards.  They are the only member of Rio's parliament to use a bullet-proof vehicle.
“I'm not in a bullet-proof car because I'm in debt, or because of a personal problem. I'm going around like this because I did my duty,” they said during an interview last year, shortly before being re-elected for a second term in office on a wave of popular support.
“I didn't do this because I was born to be a hero. It is my obligation."
During a 2008 meeting in their parliamentary chambers, Freixo could still muster a joke — despite the pressures of being a hunted man. “I can't go to have a beer in Campo Grande any more,” they quipped, referring to a region of west Rio, notorious for being a stronghold for several violent milicia groups.
Freixo claimed that milicias increasingly represented one of the most serious threats to democracy and the rule of law in Rio and across Brazil.
“'Militias are criminal groups. They dominate territory, they take control of the sale of gas, of local transport networks, and they charge for security. And on top of that they kill people who position themselves against them,” they said.
Rio's governor and mayor have so far made no public comment on Freixo's sudden departure this week. But campaigners and human rights activists have described the politician's self-imposed exile as a blow to democracy.
In an interview this week Ignacio Cano, a security expert from Rio's Uerj university, described the MP's decision as a “defeat” for society.
“I think this case underlines the gravity of the situation,” they said. “If all of our MPs did what they had to do, if all of our judges did their jobs, then individual MPs would not run such risks. But unfortunately since few do this, the few who do are exposed to serious personal risk.”
On Tuesday, as Freixo prepared to fly out of Brazil, protesters gathered outside Rio's parliament carrying banners reading: “Freixo lives!”
Writing on their Twitter account, Freixo issued a parting shot to Rio's mafia. “They have not won, and they will not win.”
Start ‘Em:
Blake Bortles — Bortles is riding a major hot streak, scoring 11 total TD's in the last 3 games and is taking on a Falcons' defense that gave up 3 TD's to Cam Newton just a week ago. Bortles will stay hot and is now in the realm of must start QB's regardless of matchup. In DFS Bortles is still outside of the top 10 QB's in terms of cost and will be a good value for your line up this week.
Allen Robinson — Like Bortles, Robinson is also a must start in every format. Their 12 TD's ties for the league lead and has helped them to be one of the top 5 fantasy WR's of 2015. Their matchup with the Falcons is not a great one based on the Falcons entire body of work, but if you look at their most recent match ups, they have actually given up 3 TD's opposing WR's in the last 2 weeks. In DFS Robinson is not a true value as their cost is quite steep, yet their ability to reach the end zone and put up big receiving totals could help your DFS team score big this week.
Allen Hurns — Hurns is coming off a performance in which they recored the Jaguars' longest TD of the season and they are likely to continue to play well. If you can insert them into your lineup as a WR2 or a Flex this week you should be in good shape as they rank 9th in the NFL in TD catches and has a knack for making big plays. Again, if you look at Atlanta's entire body of work it would suggest a tough matchup, but they have been beaten through the air in recent weeks. In DFS Hurns is much cheaper than their counterpart, Allen Robinson, and is a much better value.
T.J. Yeldon or Denard Robinson — If Yeldon starts they will be a good RB2 of Flex play, but if they are unable to suit up due to injury then you should quickly nab Denard Robinson and insert them into your lineup. Robinson had a big game last week with 75 yards and a TD and showed last year they have the ability to score big when given the opportunity. Whichever one of these talented backs gets the nod, they will be facing a Falcons' defense that is 30th in the NFL against the run and thus will have a great matchup. In DFS neither one is pricy — just be sure to check on the injury status of Yeldon before you make a final decision.
Julius Thomas — Thomas now has 5 TD's on the season, has scored in 4 consecutive games and is facing a Falcons' defense that has given up a bunch of TD's opposing TE's in recent weeks. Make sure they are in your lineup in redraft and DFS leagues alike as their price tag in DFS is much lower than it should be for a player who has scored in 4 consecutive weeks.
Jason Myers — Myers is like a box of chocolates — you never know what you're gonna get. They have a very respectable percentage as a field goal kicker, but misses an extra point or two nearly every week. Lately it has been a lot more good than bad for Myers in terms of fantasy. Over the last 6 weeks they have scored at least 10 fantasy points 5 times. Myers might not be your idea of reliable in real life, but in fantasy they have been very good over the past 2 months.
Sit ‘Em:
Jaguars D/ST — The Jaguars are likely to get torched by Julio Jones and Co. for much of the day as they have against other big time WR's, but this group has shown the ability to put up points in recent games. Despite some recent success in fantasy, the Jaguars D/ST has just not been consistent enough to insert into your fantasy lineups this week.
Rashad Greene — Greene has reached the end zone 3 times in their six games played for the Jaguars, but simply is not targeted enough yet at this point in their career to be relied upon.
Marqise Lee — Lee still is way out targeted by the Brothers Allen and Julius Thomas which leaves them as an afterthought in fantasy until they prove otherwise.
Marcedes Lewis — Duh
It's been only three weeks since Microsoft last dropped the price of its Band in the UK, cutting £20 off the cost of its health- and fitness-focused wearable. Now the device is getting another promotional discount, with an even larger price cut.
Amazon UK is currently offering the Microsoft Band for £139.99 - that's £30 less than the usual asking price of £169.99. The discount is being offered on all three sizes (S, M and L) of the device, with stocks of all three available at time of writing.
Microsoft is sitting this promotion out, though; the Band is still on sale on the Microsoft Store site at its regular retail price.
But there's a good chance that more discounts will be on the way for the Band in the coming weeks. The company has already admitted that it's working on a new version of the device, and all indications point to its announcement next month. Microsoft and its retail partners will want to clear out remaining stocks of the current device before then - which explains why the Band has seen so many discounts in recent weeks, both in the UK and in the United States.
Source: Amazon UK
There certainly has been no shortage of emotional stories on Scientology and the Aftermath, and the Tuesday, December 27, episode was no exception. This installment of the A&E docuseries followed Leah Remini, along with cohost and former Scientology member Mike Rinder, as they traveled to Denver to meet with former Sea Organization members Marc and Claire Henley.
Scientology Exaggerates Its Statistics, According to Marc
Rinder immediately introduced Marc as someone who was “intimately involved and oversaw all aspects of Scientology's propaganda machine.” Marc described their role, saying, "It was my job …to make it look like Scientology was expanding." Remini then said that at the quarterly events, Scientology would display statistics to its followers about its charitable ventures.
Remini told the camera, “I recently just found out that these statistics are not true.” Of the figures given at these events, Marc claimed, “it morphs into something more than what it is.… The events are not a documentary. They are a commercial."
Taking a Closer Look
Rinder said, “Literally nobody has ever talked about this before.… If Scientologists … saw this, this would have a greater impact on them than anything else they would see.” After showing clips from these events centered on Scientology's impact in curing drug addiction, helping education and other charitable ventures, Marc said that if these events were fact-checked, they would be “obliterated.”
Marc Claims Scientology Is Expanding the Property It Owns, Not Its Membership
Marc, Remini and Rinder then found themselves on the topic of Scientology's boast on the church's website that it is the “fastest-growing religion.” Marc quickly explained that the statement is actually referring to their square footage. They said, “There's no more people.… Their buildings have expanded into more plots of land.” They then claimed that most of these buildings, which Scientology allegedly builds to help maintain its nonprofit status, are “ghost towns.… They were not even being used.”
Leah Was Allegedly Being Followed While Filming This Episode
While at their hotel, Remini quickly discovered two men carrying identical folders were filming them on their phones. After the hotel escorted them off the property, Remini snapped a photo of their license plate as Rinder cornered one of them to ask if they were a private investigator. Remini later said to the camera, “One man, turns out they own their own private-investigator company.”
Claire's Story
After arriving at Marc and Claire's home, Claire described their Scientology journey. They said they joined the religion at the age of 16 and was soon transferred to work for Sea Org at their base in Hemet, California. Of the facility, Claire explained, “It's a heavily guarded property, and a lot of secrecy and a lot of control.… You're not allowed to make phone calls without permission or someone listening.… People would escape frequently.”
Claire Claims They Are Forced to Get an Abortion
Claire recounted how they met Marc, and that they married when they were 17 and they were 19. They then said, “If a woman got pregnant, they would instantly be scheduled to get an abortion.” Claire explained that this was because being pregnant while a member of the Sea Organization meant you wanted to leave. Claire revealed they knew people who had “up to six” abortions. Watch Claire tell their story in the video clip above.
When Claire recounted missing their period and allegedly being forced into an abortion, they began to cry. They told their story by saying, “Inside, I'm dying. It's like, worst fear come true.” Through their tears, they said, “I have three beautiful children who are my life, but it doesn't make it any easier to deal with it.” Claire's children with Marc were all born after the couple left the church in 2005.
Marc Says They Are Physically Assaulted by David Miscavige
Marc then opened up about an alleged breaking point that they said eventually led to them leaving the church. Marc explained about an alleged moment between themselves and church leader David Miscavige, "I made a snide comment.… They went off. They just started punching me and slugging me and pushed me up to a desk unit.… The pope of Scientology just beat the s‑‑t out of me.”
Marc and Claire Lost Their Lawsuits Against Scientology
Marc discussed the couple's 2005 exit from the church and revealed, “We have three children now, all boys.” When Remini asked if the couple told the authorities about the alleged abuses, Claire responded with a nod, saying, “In depth.” Claire and Marc have lost the individual lawsuits they filed against the church, but say that they continue to spread the word about what they refer to as "forced abortions."
The Church of Scientology has issued the following statement about the show: "Leah Remini is doing this show for the money, just as they profited from their book. In addition, they attempted to extort the Church by first demanding $500,000, followed by an additional $1 million, because the Church invoked its First Amendment right to respond to their false claims with the truth. This shows the extent Leah Remini is willing to go to in order to distort the truth about Scientology. For the Church's perspective and the truth about the bullies they now support, go to www.leahreminiaftermath.com."
Tell Us: What do you think of Claire and Marc's heartbreaking love story?
Leah Remini: Scientology and the Aftermath airs on A&E Tuesdays at 10 p.m. ET.
Sign up now for the US Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news, hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox!
Want stories like these delivered straight to your phone? Download the US Weekly iPhone app now!
Image copyright Julie Bartlett Image caption Heart failure left Julie exhausted and grey-skinned - a pump has brought the colour back to their cheeks and given them a good quality of life
At home, Julie Bartlett has their bags packed and people on standby to drive them to hospital, just in case they receive a phone call saying doctors have a heart that is a match for them
If the call comes, she'll have a couple of hours to get to Harefield Hospital in west London - they can even rely on a police escort if they get stuck in traffic.
"That call could be this afternoon. It could be never," they say, but she's optimistic that government plans for a new organ donation system of presumed consent in England might boost their chances significantly.
While the policy content of Theresa May's conference speech on Wednesday might have been overlooked, one of the prime minister's announcements could potentially save many lives - about three people a day in the UK die because of a lack of organ donors.
The Conservatives are proposing a consultation on changing the organ donation system in England from opt-in to opt-out, meaning people's organs could be used in transplants when they died unless they expressly said otherwise.
Currently, anyone who wants to donate their organs after death has to "opt in" through the donor card scheme.
There are currently 6,500 people waiting for an organ donation and it is hoped the new system would see more organs becoming available.
What do people waiting for an organ, and recent recipients of life-saving transplants, think of the proposed changes?
Life in limbo
Last Christmas, former midwife Julie Bartlett was fitted with an LVAD - a mechanical pump for the heart known as a "bridge to transplant" - but what they really needs is a new heart.
"I could kiss Theresa May - although she's got that bad cold," they said.
"It was something that I have been waiting for, for a long a time - the sooner they do it, the better."
In 2009, Julie was diagnosed with heart failure and never expected to see their first grandchild or go to their daughter's wedding.
After it became end-stage heart failure and they were in a hospice, the option of the LVAD was presented to them
"My quality of life is good now, but I have good days and bad days," they say.
The LVAD means Julie is permanently attached to two lines, has to recharge batteries overnight and can shower only weekly because of the wound.
"There are limits, but I'm very blessed to have one and it's better than being bedbound in a hospice," they say.
However, a new heart would transform their life. It would even free them to travel abroad, as while on the waiting list they must stay in the UK.
Freedom
While they wait for that heart, Julie lives in limbo.
They believe families should have the final decision over donation, as they do under the Welsh "soft opt-out" system - where if the individual's family objects, their organs are not removed.
"Families need to share what their wishes are, so they are less likely to go against the person's wishes. It's a gift," they said.
Image caption Matthew's new kidneys allow them to "do what normal boys do"
The Victoria Derbyshire programme spoke to 12-year old Matthew Pietrzyk, who spent eight years on dialysis after they were born with failing kidneys which had to be removed.
They and their mum Nicola told the programme that the transplant has not only "given them their life back" but had also transformed those of their brothers and parents.
The family can now go on holiday and make plans without the fear of emergency hospital visits.
Nicola said they can finally "be a mum" instead of a nurse.
Matthew believes that the new opt-out scheme will "save lives".
But another patient in need of a kidney donor is not so impressed with the proposals.
Kerigh Palmer, from Hertfordshire, whose first kidney transplant failed this summer, said the change would be "pointless" because, under the system the government is proposing, families could still stop donations.
"The majority of possible transplants are blocked by family members," they say.
"I don't think doctors should be saying 'these are your loved one's wishes, now what do you want to do?'"
"It takes away the individual's choice."
Image copyright Kerigh Palmer Image caption Kerigh Palmer does not think the new opt-out scheme goes far enough
Kerigh's transplant story has been long and full of hurt. After their kidneys failed in 2015, their wife, Julie, offered to donate hers.
But they weren't compatible so Julie donated to another patient, and Kerigh, 40, received theirs from someone else.
Julie's recipient's transplant was a success. Kerigh's, though, was not - complications during surgery meant it failed at the last hurdle.
As they drifted in and out of consciousness after the operation, they heard the words: "We are very sorry that it did not work."
"Is it true?" they asked Julie, who was lying in a hospital bed nearby.
"It was devastating. That person is living with my kidney effectively. We feel pretty bitter."
Image copyright Kerigh Palmer Image caption Julie, left, saved another kidney patient's life. But the kidney Kerigh received did not transplant successfully
Straight after the gruelling failed operation, they were back on dialysis twice a week.
"I'm trying not to think about what's happened, because I will depress myself.
"I'm thinking ahead to Christmas, because I love Christmas. I'm not thinking 'where's my next kidney coming from?'"
But they admit it would be life-changing to have a successful transplant.
"I wouldn't be tied to the hospital, I could work full-time without having to work from hospital, I could go abroad on holiday, eat what I like, not have to second-guess everything I do."
WAYNE Bennett has spoken out in advance of a media report that is expected to make claims about their personal life, with the Broncos coach revealing that they have separated from their wife.
Bennett released the statement on Saturday morning in anticipation of the media report. The 66-year-old coach has three adult children with their wife Trish, to whom they have been married 42 years.
“As an NRL head coach and thereby a public figure I today inform you about a personal matter and the fact I have separated from my wife and the family home some time ago,” the statement said.
“I will continue to appear publicly in my role at the Brisbane Broncos but at the same time ask that you respect my personal privacy and that of my family.”
The Courier Mail reported that Bennett left the home they shared with their wife six weeks ago.
Bennett has mostly been a fiercely private figure during their long career in rugby league, yet has given a number of interviews crediting Trish Bennett's remarkable role in their success.
The seven-time premiership winning coach has spent significant time away from home during their career, especially during stints at the Dragons and Knights, while their wife acted as carer for their two disabled children, Katherine and Justin.
The latest chapter in Bennett's career saw Brisbane lose a grand final rematch against the Cowboys to bow out of the 2016 NRL finals on Friday night.
Red Dead Redemption V, the mod that was going to recreate the wild west game's map inside of Grand Theft Auto V , has been canceled. It was revealed last month, and modding team .White had planned to release a beta this summer. However, shortly after the team released a teaser trailer—which was quickly taken down—lead modder Mr. Leisurewear announced that the team had been "contacted" and would cancel the project.
"I know this is hard pill to swallow, but as you may have noticed we did get contacted," Mr. Leisurewear wrote on GTAForums.com. "And we sadly have to say we are stopping this project. So thanks guys, we were all so happy to see this, but it isn't going to happen, sorry."
Mr. Leisurewear didn't reveal who contacted them at first, later confirming that it was indeed Take Two. However, because of some users' confusion, they did want to clarify that the mod was "never going to be a 'PC port.'"
"It was just gonna be the map," they explained. "Undertaking this sort of project with additional content ported over was never feasible... we were only gonna get a way to convert the map with both legal copies of each game, and some custom scripted additional content... there was never any intention or mention to either port a story mode over from RDR to V."
When told by forum users to hold on to the files, Leisurewear replied, "Why would I throw away 3 years of work... that's insane, man." I'm no lawyer, but Mr. Leisurewear planning to hold on to their files—which is understandable—doesn't necessarily spell anything positive for fans hoping to ride through Armadillo in GTA V. Speaking to this, they addressed the .White toolkit, which some members of the forums have asked Mr. Leisurewear to release in order to bolster the GTA V modding scene.
"Also, to anyone asking for the .White toolkit, sadly I'm ordered to not release anything," they said. "And I will probably get a lawsuit if I do officially (which I dont have right now)."
There is a long history of companies forcing modders and fan developers to shut down their work. DoomRL, the free fan-made roguelike, is one that comes to mind. It launched way back in 2002, but Bethesda parent company ZeniMax issued a takedown late last year. Another notable case was when Nintendo shut down the excellent fan-made Metroid II remake.
It's a shame when this happens, because fans tend to create fun, unique ideas out of beloved games and characters that aren't necessarily explored by the official rights holders. Anything Red Dead Redemption-related on PC definitely fits into that category.
This is a tutorial to try Android as a Live option. To install Android on your EEE PC or netbook – How to Install Android OS on EEE PC
Android is a free operating system for mobile phones developed by Google. I've always been a huge fan of it; most probably my next phone is going to be an Android. It is mostly run on smartphons powered by ARM chips, though it is being ported to various platforms and architectures, including X86.
LiveAndroid is a Live CD for Android running on X86 platforms. You can use it to run Android directly on your PC.
To Install Android on your PC,
Just download LiveAndroid
Live Android – Part 1
Live Android – Part 2
After downloading these files, just join them using HJSplit.
You can also download it via the LiveAndroid torrent.
Next, burn the ISO (disk image) to a CD using any CD burning application like Nero, Magic ISO, Power ISO etc.
You can also use W32DiskImager to copy the image to a USB drive.
After this step, just reboot your computer and boot from the CD or USB drive. You should be greeted by the LiveAndroid startup screen.
Alternatively, you can also load the ISO in any virtualization application like Microsoft Virtual PC or Virtual Box.
This is a tutorial to try Android as a Live option. To install Android on your EEE PC or netbook - How to Install Android OS on EEE PC
For the first time in 70,000 years, Thanksgiving and Hanukkah fall on the same day. Referred to as “Thanksgivukkah”, November 28th promises to be a holiday of both giblets and gelt. Whether you are celebrating one, the other, or both this year, cocktails are always in order!
The Call Your Mother
2 parts gin
1 part vermouth
A splash of pickle juice
A smattering of maternal guilt
1 kosher dill pickle spear (garnish)
Shake ingredients with ice and strain into a chilled martini glass. Serve with a kosher dill pickle spear. Don't forget to call your mother. They did give the best years of their life for you, you know.
The Schmutz
1 part Cognac
1 part Creme de cacao (dark)
1 part heavy cream
Pumpkin pie spice
Measure, pour, and shake all ingredients with ice. Strain into a chilled coupe glass. Garnish with several dashes of pumpkin spice. Make sure your poor mother doesn't see that and the schmutter you got on their carpet.
Yiddish 75
1 part Dr. Brown's Celery Soda
1 part Hendrick's Gin
1 squeeze fresh lemon juice
1 dash celery bitters
Pour ingredients into a chilled champagne flute. Drink several to make it through the holidays with your extended family.
White Wine Schwitzer
1 part dry white wine
1 part cinnamon schnapps
1 part seltzer
Stir together ingredients with ice. Strain into chilled wine glass. Sweat it out like your poor mother when they were having you. Oy.
Eggnog Cream
1 part eggnog
1 part seltzer
Chocolate syrup
Pour eggnog and seltzer together and mix in chocolate syrup with a tall spoon. For the little bubula, and your Uncle Morty after he's had a few too many and still wants another.
CHULA VISTA, Calif. - Madison Hughes will captain the Men's Eagles Sevens in the first two legs of the 2015-16 HSBC World Rugby Sevens Series beginning with the Dec. 4-5 Emirates Airline Dubai Rugby Sevens in the United Arab Emirates.
Eagles Head Coach Mike Friday's selections for the first Series tournament since the team's Cup Final victory at Marriott London Sevens in May also include 2014-15 regulars Perry Baker, Carlin Isles, Folau Niua, Zack Test, and Maka Unufe.
Additional Series experience on the Eagles roster comes in the form of Kevin Swiryn and Brett Thompson. Thompson signed a professional contract with Edinburgh of the Guinness PRO12 at the end of the 2013-14 Series and was a member of the traveling 13 to North Carolina for this summer's 2015 NACRA Sevens Championships, where the U.S. qualified for the Rio 2016 Olympic Summer Games. Following a bronze-medal campaign at the Toronto 2015 Pan American Games, Thompson was one of five then-Residents to be selected to Rugby World Cup 2015 England.
Swiryn was last seen on the Series in the final round of the 2009-10 season in London, and last wore an Eagles jersey with the 15s team against Australia at Rugby World Cup 2011. After retiring from international play due to injury troubles during their time with Agen in France's Top 14, Swiryn returned to the game with Seattle Saracens in 2013 and has since won two Club 7s National Championships with the Washington-based club.
With injuries keeping Danny Barrett and Martin Iosefo out of contention for touring selection and the big forward presence of Andrew Durutalo now signed professionally overseas, Swiryn and Thompson bring reliability and experience to the squad.
"Kevin has integrated well into the group and is working hard with the boys," Friday said. "He has had to play catch-up but their enthusiasm and commitment to learn cannot be faulted.
"Brett has returned looking sharp and fresh and has been training well. I am excited to see Brett in these first two legs because they look to be back playing with real confidence."
Garrett Bender, who has made 16 appearances on the circuit since debuting in Wellington in 2012, will shore up the forwards alongside Will Holder, Test, and Thompson, as well as Matai Leuta, who returns to the Series after a breakout four tournaments in 2015 before an injury prematurely ended their campaign.
"We started to see Bender come of age at the start of the 2015 season and they are a great aerial player as well as a strong, smart player in the contact area, where their decision-making and technical execution has become so efficient," Friday said.
Friday and the coaching staff were able to watch multiple domestic rugby tournaments between Toronto 2015 and this week's selections in order to streamline the player pool heading into the Olympic year. Assistant Coach Chris Brown attended the Club 7s National Championships and Serevi RugbyTown Sevens, while the coaching staff was able to lead 24 players against international competition at the inaugural Halloween Rugby 7s invitational tournament as the USA Hawks and USA Falcons.
Drawn in Pool C with France, Portugal, and New Zealand in Dubai, the Eagles will look to rectify past struggles they have had in the early goings of the Series. Since the 2011-12 Series, the U.S. has gained a combined 18 points from the first leg compared to 39 from the final leg in the same time span.
Though the U.S. did not finish in the top four of the 2014-15 Series standings - which would have secured automatic qualification for Rio 2016 - the team did beat three of the four over the course of the season. With Rugby Sevens set to make its Olympic debut in fewer than eight months, every nation qualified will have reason to bring out all of the stops to be in peak form by August 2016.
"We have Portugal first up and all our energies will be to perform so we can try to beat them," Friday said. "We will then turn our attention to France, and only then will we focus on New Zealand - and we are all looking forward to taking them on as they are deemed to be one of the best if not the best in the world of sevens along with Fiji and South Africa, and that is what we want to be associated with.
"We are hoping New Zealand brings their 15s stars, such as Sonny Bill Williams and Liam Messam, as, not only will it be great for the game, we can have an early hit-out and test ourselves. We, as always, see ourselves as competitors and will rise to any challenge and believe we have the capability and firepower to win. Every time we take the field you will see a fully-committed Eagles team playing and believing they are capable of winning."
The Eagles will kick off their 2015-16 season against Portugal at 7he Sevens in Dubai Friday, Dec. 4, at 1:52 a.m. ET. U.S. broadcast details for the HSBC World Rugby Sevens Series are still being confirmed, and live match updates will be provided on Twitter by @USARugby.
Men's Eagles Sevens | Emirates Airline Dubai Rugby Sevens / HSBC Cape Town Sevens
1. Carlin Isles
2. Matai Leuta
3. Brett Thompson
4. Garrett Bender
5. Zack Test
6. Kevin Swiryn
7. Folau Niua
8. Maka Unufe
9. Nate Augspurger
10. Madison Hughes (C)
11. Perry Baker
12. Will Holder
Men's Eagles Sevens | Emirates Airline Dubai Rugby Sevens
v. Portugal - Friday, Dec. 4 - 1:52 a.m. ET
v. France - Friday, Dec. 4 - 5:36 a.m. ET
v. New Zealand - Friday, Dec. 4 - 10:58 a.m. ET
What happened on Thursday, Oct. 26, with the JFK records scheduled for release under the JFK Records Act? A travesty. Most news reports correctly noted the release of about 2800 documents, but added that only a few were held back, in some cases saying "300 documents" remain withheld (see CNN, and Washington Post for example). They are off by a factor of 100. In fact, tens of thousands of documents, possibly as many as 30,000, remain sealed at the National Archives.
If President Trump had gone golfing at Mar-a-Lago and done absolutely nothing on Thursday, the National Archives (NARA) was set to release all the documents. See the relevant language in the Assassination Records Review Board's Final Report, quoting from the 1992 JFK Records Act.
This includes 3147 "withheld in full" records never seen, and an unknown number of redacted documents estimated at about 30,000. Intensely lobbied by federal agencies including the CIA, Trump instead authorized the withholding of well over 90% of these documents. 52 of the 3147 withheld-in-full records were released and put online by NARA, less than 2%, and 2839 of the redacted documents were released, which is probably less than 10% of that set.
From the public metadata available for all these records, it's clear that the most-desired records were held back. Still withheld-in-full records among the 98% of those not released include, for example:
Still-withheld Church Committee interview transcripts not included in the 1990s releases, including one with none other than CIA CounterIntelligence chief James Angleton.
Lengthy CIA files on officers who played a role in Castro assassination plotting and/or the JFK story, including William Harvey, David Philips, E. Howard Hunt, James O'Connell, Richard Synder, and several others.
A 167-page CIA document on Valeriy Kostikov, the Soviet agent stationed in Mexico whose name was used as part of the "World War III" scenario that the Warren Commission we now know was created to push back against .
. An interview the House Select Committee on Assassinations conducted with Orest Pena, the New Orleans bar owner who told the Committee that Oswald was an FBI informant and they often saw Oswald in the company of a particular FBI agent.
and many many more.
Additionally, many of the documents released online Thursday featured redactions - blacked out areas. In at least one case, the very same document has been available in fully unredacted form at the National Archives for more than 10 years. See the newly released version and compare to the MFF online version. These are two different copies of the same document held by different agencies, so perhaps one being redacted and the other not is just an accident. But why are there any redactions at all in the new copy? It is as yet unclear why so many redactions appear in what are supposed to be fully released records.
In a White House press release, President Trump announced "I am ordering today that the veil be finally lifted." In fact, no such order was given or was necessary. The JFK Records Act mandated full disclosure by Thursday as a matter of law, with the only mechanism for holding anything back being a presidential certification that "continued postponement is made necessary by an identifiable harm to the military defense, intelligence operations, law enforcement, or conduct of foreign relations" AND "the identifiable harm is of such gravity that it outweight the public interest in disclosure." (see ARRB Final Report).
What happens next? According to the White House, there will be a review process over the next six months. By April 26, 2018, a further determination will be made as to whether full disclosure will occur, or more secrecy. Watch this space. Call your congressperson.
For more on these records, how to find online those which have been released, and links to essay discussing them, see the 2017 Document Releases project here at MFF.
Ontario's auditor general will examine millions of dollars in government payouts to teachers' unions to cover negotiating costs.
The Liberals supported a Progressive Conservative committee motion that requested the auditor general review the payments and report on where the money came from and what it was intended to fund.
The Liberal government paid $3.74 million to various teacher and support staff unions in the 2008, 2012 and in the current rounds of contract talks as the government transitioned to a new bargaining system.
Education Minister Liz Sandals originally said the payouts were made without receipts from the unions to show their costs, but Premier Kathleen Wynne later said the government would ask for receipts.
Progressive Conservative Lisa MacLeod, who introduced the motion, says "it doesn't look good" that such large sums of money were promised to the unions undocumented.
The Tories say Auditor General Bonnie Lysyk will present their report by the spring of 2016.
One common theme has plagued the so-called economic recovery: the rich are getting richer and the poor are getting poorer. Numerous studies show an overwhelming amount of prosperity flowing to the wealthiest households and away from everyone else post-recession, but where are households falling behind the most?
In 2014, the Federal Reserve released its latest Survey of Consumer Finances, a survey about household wealth and income that is taken every three years. The central bank found the median income for the wealthiest 10% rose 2% to $223,200 from 2010 to 2013. In comparison, median income for all households in the nation declined 5% to $46,700 during the same period.
WalletHub recently analyzed government data to find out which states (and the nation's capital) are the richest and poorest, based on income, gross domestic product per capita, and federal taxes paid per capita. A double weighting was assigned to income due to its importance. Washington D.C. outranks every state in the nation for prosperity, with the exception of New Jersey (tied). Connecticut, Maryland, and Massachusetts round out the top five richest states.
Overall, WalletHub finds that blue states are wealthier than red states. Blue states have an average rank of 18.41, while red states have an average rank of 34.25. Let's take a look at the 15 poorest states in the nation. Did your state make the list?
15. Louisiana
Income rank: 43
GDP per capita rank: 24
Taxes paid per capita rank: 21
14. Florida
Income rank: 37
GDP per capita rank: 46
Taxes paid per capita rank: 32
13. North Carolina
Income rank: 40
GDP per capita rank: 32
Taxes paid per capita rank: 36
12. Oklahoma
Income rank: 42
GDP per capita rank: 36
Taxes paid per capita rank: 27
11. Tennessee
Bridge at Downtown Chattanooga, Tennessee | iStock.com/RobHainer
Income rank: 44
GDP per capita rank: 38
Taxes paid per capita rank: 25
10. Maine
Income rank: 38
GDP per capita rank: 45
Taxes paid per capita rank: 45
9. Montana
Income rank: 39
GDP per capita rank: 42
Taxes paid per capita rank: 46
8. Arkansas
Income rank: 50
GDP per capita rank: 43
Taxes paid per capita rank: 13
7. Idaho
Income rank: 41
GDP per capita rank: 50
Taxes paid per capita rank: 43
6. Kentucky
Income rank: 47
GDP per capita rank: 44
Taxes paid per capita rank: 39
5. New Mexico
Income rank: 46
GDP per capita rank: 40
Taxes paid per capita rank: 49
4. South Carolina
Income rank: 45
GDP per capita rank: 49
Taxes paid per capita rank: 48
3. Alabama
Income rank: 48
GDP per capita rank: 47
Taxes paid per capita rank: 47
2. West Virginia
Income rank: 49
GDP per capita rank: 48
Taxes paid per capita rank: 50
1. Mississippi
Income rank: 51
GDP per capita rank: 51
Taxes paid per capita rank: 51
Follow Eric on Twitter @Mr_Eric_WSCS
You're likely not worried about how much snow is piling up in Siberia. But NBC 4's meteorologists are as they work on crafting a winter weather forecast.
This is how NBC 4 Chief Meteorologist Doug Kammerer looks in real life when you see them pointing to a weather map on TV. Ah, the magic of the green screen. (WTOP/Michelle Basch)
You're likely not worried about how much snow is piling up in Siberia. But NBC 4's meteorologists are as they work on crafting a winter weather forecast.
WASHINGTON — You're likely not worried about how much snow is piling up in Siberia this month.
But NBC 4's meteorologists are as they work on crafting a winter weather forecast for the D.C. region.
“One of the things we've looked at, really only over the past 10 years or so, is how much snow is in Siberia in the month of October,” NBC 4 Chief Meteorologist Doug Kammerer tells WTOP.
They say if the snow cover in that area is above average for this month, it often means a cold and snowy winter in America's Northeast.
Kammerer says there is also a very strong El Niño, or warm central Pacific Ocean current, this year that will have a big impact on the region's weather.
“We've had two very strong El Niños of this magnitude in the past that we can look back on,” they say.
“One was the winter of '82-'83. That particular winter was a fairly cold winter and had a very big snowstorm in the month of February. I think we had some areas that got close to 20 inches of snow at some point. Then we had '97-'98, and that winter we had .8 inches of snow the entire season. So it was either nothing, or you get a monster snowstorm.”
Kammerer grew up in Herndon, and has fond memories of that '80s storm.
“My dad was throwing me into the 2-and-a-half feet of snow that we had outside my house, and we made major toboggan runs.”
Will this winter be like that one?
“We know we're going to get the storms. El Niño brings us the storms. But will we have enough cold air to make them snowstorms? That's the big question that we're looking at right now. I'm leaning toward yes, but that just might be me because I love snow,” says Kammerer.
They say we're setting up for a war of opposing forces.
“You've got two things fighting against each other, very warm air from El Niño and very cold air from the Arctic and from Siberia coming our way.”
NBC 4's meteorologists plan to release their winter weather forecast early next month.
Like this story? Read more of WTOP's Winter 2015 articles. And sign up for our email alerts to be notified of the latest school closings/delays, traffic incidents and other breaking news impacting your winter.
Follow @WTOP on Twitter and WTOP on Facebook.
© 2015 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
[Ed. note: Better-quality video below.]
Fox News started covering a vigil that was happening at the steps of the capitol in Arizona in honor of Gabrielle Giffords after they were shot earlier today. As soon as a young man mentioned Sarah Palin's name, FOX News abruptly cut to commercial. It's sickening. FOX News will do anything to protect the investment they have made in Sarah Palin, even at the expense of Rep. Giffords.
Smith: in addition we are noticing outside the capitol in Phoenix with pictures courtesy of KSAZ, which I'm told you can put up there; a vigil is taking place... Man: Gabby, we have to look into our hearts and say to ourselves why, why do I want power. Not that I want power. And I say to you Sarah Palin. {Smash Cut to commercial.}
.
Sarah Palin has today been under criticism because of their insane "Target Map" in which Giffords was a member of those that were put in the cross-hairs.
Elisabeth Hasselbeck was one of Sarah Palin's biggest fans during the 2008 election so it's surprising to see them bash Sarah Palin over them over the top "Re-Load" Face Book chart and called it despicable. In never-thought-you'd-see-the-day news, staunch conservative Elisabeth Hasselbeck went off on The View yesterday, railing against none other than Sarah Palin. Why? Because Palin, for whom they campaigned during the '08 election, released an ad that put 20 Democratic members of Congress literally in the crosshairs. -- The former Alaska Governor's Facebook page features their political action committee's ad targeting the 20 Democratic incumbents, with a SarahPac map marking districts where Democrats voted "yes" for health care reform with guns. -- Hasselbeck also opposes health reform, but she's actually far more upset about how people on their own side of the political spectrum are handling themselves. "I think the way some Republicans are handling this is nothing more than despicable," they said in response to Palin's tasteless ad. "It's disappointing to see this coming from the Party, and I would hope that leaders like Sarah Palin would end this." The violence that we predicted is taking place and it's even scaring the likes of Hasselbeck.
FWIW, here's the SarahPAC graphic in question:
No wonder Fox and Palin want everyone to forget. Especially Fox. There's nothing they won't do to protect Sarah Palin.
UPDATE: Here's a better-quality version of the video:
(h/t Dave Weigel tweet)
Large numbers of manatees are dying on both coasts of Florida.
In the southwest, a persistent red tide in the Gulf of Mexico has killed nearly 200 manatees this year. These tides are algal blooms, and occur when microorganisms called dinoflagellates proliferate, staining oceans and releasing toxins into the water and air. Harmful to organisms including fish, manatees and humans, the toxins attack the nervous system, causing short-term memory loss, paralysis, seizures and ultimately death.
In the east, near Cape Canaveral on the Atlantic Ocean, manatees are also dying. But there the cause is unknown.
“There are indications of the animals being otherwise completely healthy – but having died of shock and drowning,” said marine mammal biologist Ann Spellman, with the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission, the state agency tasked with the investigation.
In July 2012, manatees started turning up dead in the Indian River Lagoon; now, there are 80 dead animals, 50 of them since the beginning of February.
“They're all dying from a cause that we suspect is a common one – common to those manatees – but right now, is still unknown,” said Kevin Baxter, spokesperson for the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission.
Alligators aren't a threat to manatees, but microorganisms and boat propellers are. Photo: Patrick M. Rose/Save the Manatee Club
The gentle, blimp-shaped animals, with their bristled snouts and large, fanlike tails, have been on the federal endangered species list since 1967 (.pdf). Scientists estimate that roughly half the world's West Indian manatees (Trichechus manatus) live in the shallow waters in and around Florida, where aside from microorganisms and mystery killers, the thousand-pound animals are threatened by watercraft, fishing gear and the loss of their warm-water habitats.
Now, the simultaneous mass-mortality events are threatening the state's manatee population.
“This is very unusual and is unprecedented in magnitude,” said Patrick Rose, a former government biologist and current director of Save the Manatee Club. Rose has studied and worked with manatees since the late 1960s. “This is fast approaching the all-time record catastrophic mortality from cold shock and cold stress experienced in 2010,” they said. During that winter, more than 250 manatees died. “The difference here is that by this time, the cold stress issues were abating with the arrival of spring – and we don't know when either of these unusual mortality events will extinguish.”
Red Menace
Red tides have thrived for as long as people have kept records of Florida's seas, with centuries-old descriptions of fish kills and human illness. Now, Florida's west coast sees a bloom almost every year, Baxter said, though the duration and location are hard to predict in advance. The last time red tide-related mortality was this high was in 1996, when 151 manatees were killed by algal blooms.
In September, a red tide began blooming off Florida's southwest coast. In October, Sarasota newspapers called it the “worst red tide” in years, reporting tons of dead fish along Florida's Gulf Coast beaches. Biologists and oceanographers tracked the bloom, watching its progress and sampling the stained waters. “This tide has pretty consistently been over 100, 150 miles long,” said Jason Lenes, a biological oceanographer with the University of South Florida. “The average bloom is generally between two and four months, and this one is lasting for almost six months at this point,” they said.
Occasionally, water tests have come back packed with more than 10 million cells per liter. The threshold for a “high” concentration is one-tenth of that. Though not anomalously high, Lenes said the bloom's concentrations of cells have been sustained for a long period of time.
>'They're not finding them alive. They're finding carcasses.'
The bloom microorganisms are called Karenia brevis, dinoflagellates that thrive in warm water and are photosynthetic. But K. brevis excrete toxins into the water, compounds that attack nervous systems and cause paralysis, seizures and drowning. Brevetoxins are absorbed by shellfish, can lead to massive fish kills, and stick to seagrasses and other plants, contaminating food sources for herbivorous animals like manatees. At very high concentrations, such as those present periodically during the southwest Florida bloom, brevetoxins can also be inhaled by marine mammals and humans.
As of March 21, 193 manatees have died from the tide since January. Recently, many of the manatees recovered have been found in the vicinity of the Orange River, site of a warm-water aggregation spot near a power plant, where the animals go when ocean temperatures are too cold to tolerate.
The Orange River spills into the Caloosahatchee River, which opens into the Gulf. “Right in that mouth area, where they go to get to the river, is one of the areas where the bloom has been persistent,” Lenes said. With the bloom parked near the river's mouth, the manatees upstream are trapped behind a wall of toxic water – an unfortunate collusion of timing and location.
Now, Rose says, the waters are warming and the manatees are heading back out to the sea and brackish estuaries nearer the coast. There, the seagrasses are likely coated with toxins – toxins that will stick to the grasses even after the bloom dissipates.
Rescuers hoping to help manatees have to act fast. Toxins can harm an animal within a few hours, depending on its size and location. Telltale signs of brevetoxins include listing while floating, muscle twitches and difficulty breathing – all signs that, since the beginning of the bloom, officials have been patrolling the waters and keeping an eye out for, Baxter said.
One of the red tide patients at the Lowry Park Zoo. Photo courtesy of Lowry Park Zoo
So far, a dozen animals have been rescued early enough to be helped. The 12 manatees were taken to Lowry Park Zoo in Tampa, where they've all recovered. “If we can get them early enough, we can usually get them through it,” said Larry Killmar, the zoo's vice president for animal science and conservation. “But what's happening is, they're not finding them alive. They're finding the carcasses.”
After they're admitted, the zoo's red tide patients – who now have names like “Threepio” and “Cheer” – are given antibiotics and rigged with a buoy system to keep them afloat. Then, staff members sit with the animals until they're well enough to float on their own. Instead of seagrass, which is difficult to harvest and potentially contaminated, the zoo's patients are fed romaine lettuce.
A lot of it.
“Manatees eat 10 percent of their body weight in food a day,” Killmar said. “At our peak, with 22 manatees on site, that was 5,200 heads of romaine lettuce a week.”
The animals won't be released into the wild until the bloom is gone. As of this week, it's still offshore and in the area of Lee and Charlotte counties, though the concentration of cells is decreasing. But danger lingers even after the blooms have dissipated, since toxins stick to and encrust the seagrasses manatees rely on for food. Just last week, 13 dead animals were recovered near Lee County.
“The good part is, if you can rescue the manatees, there are good methods for eliminating toxins from their system and their recovery is pretty quick,” Rose said. “In contrast, I don't know of any manatees that have been found alive from what's happening on the east coast.”
Manatees playing in Blue Spring.
Eastern Mystery
The Indian River Lagoon runs for 150 miles along Florida's eastern shores. One section, the Banana River, shapes the western bank of Cape Canaveral, near where NASA launches rockets into space.
It's here, near the Kennedy Space Center, that manatees are mysteriously dying. Since the beginning of February, 50 animals have been pulled from the lagoon's estuarine waters – that's more than half of the 80 manatees who've died in the area since July.
The killer in the east slays swiftly and leaves behind nary a clue.
"They were big adults, they had good fat storage. But they seem to have died very acutely," said Martine deWit, a veterinarian who oversees the state's marine mammal pathology lab. "Whatever killed them, it happened really fast."
Two manatees found dead in the Indian River Lagoon. Photo: Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission
Other than being dead, the animals look normal. They're not starving and show no signs of sickness. Many have bellies stuffed full of macroalgae, including Gracilaria, a nontoxic seaweed, but one that manatees rarely eat. Most look as though they've gone into shock and drowned – some so quickly that by the time rescuers respond to calls of a strangely behaving manatee, the animal is dead.
“Some still have intact pieces [of algae] in their mouths,” deWit said.
Without a live, sick animal to monitor, scientists are stuck searching for patterns, playing the roles of forensic investigators and looking for clues.
So far, there's no easily identifiable affected age or size class. Tests for toxins in the water have turned up nothing. No brevetoxin, no domoic acid, no signs of anything known to kill manatees. The animals' tissues don't show signs of viral or bacterial infection, though deWit said a few show minor pathological signs associated with a toxin having entered their gut.
“We have tested for a couple biotoxins that do occur in Florida, and so far those are negative,” they said.
The most obvious links are where the animals are found, and their bellies full of the wrong kind of food.
>'The mechanism has not been identified.'
Scientists suspect the manatees are turning to a foreign food source because their preferred meal, seagrass, is no longer around. Since 2011, two algal blooms have destroyed the lagoon's invertebrates and grasses. The first was a green algae superbloom; the second, a brown algal bloom that turned the lagoon brown and wiped out 32,000 acres of seagrass. Together, the blooms shaded the water and prevented grasses from growing.
But, “The brown algae causing the death in the sea grasses is not killing these manatees,” said Dana Wetzel, a chemical oceanographer with Mote Marine Laboratory in Sarasota.
On their own, these blooms are harmless. Some suspect, though, that the blooms are fed by nitrogen- and phosphorous-containing nutrient-rich runoff – the wash that flows into the sea from fertilizer-laced lawns, storm drains and septic fields after it rains. Normally, seagrasses would sequester these extra nutrients or metabolize them, keeping the ecosystem balanced. But after the algal blooms kicked off and the grasses died, nutrients flooded the lagoon, fueling further algal growth and concentrating in the water.
How that's related to manatees' demise is unclear; scientists are still hard at work trying to figure out what's going on. “As of right now, the mechanism has not been identified,” Spellman said "We don't necessarily feel that where the animals are dying, the animals are eating." But the fact that so many are recovered from the same place suggests that whatever is going wrong is something local. Wetzel and others say it's possible a yet-to-be identified biotoxin is circulating in the ecosystem.
Manatees aggregate near warm-water sources; cold snaps, like in the winter of 2010-2011, can kill hundreds of the animals. Photo: Ann Spellman
And there are other signs that the Indian River Lagoon is in distress: As of March 21, 200 dead brown pelicans have been found there this year, emaciated and infested with parasites. But right now, Baxter says, there's no evidence that pelican and manatee mortality are linked.
It's possible that something in the lagoon is affecting dolphins as well. Megan Stolen, a research scientist with Hubbs-SeaWorld Research Institute, says teams in the area have recovered a slightly higher-than-normal number of deceased dolphins – four in January, five in February, three so far in March. “A number of them have been emaciated,” they said. “They're really thin, skinny, and starvation mode.”
But there's no lack of fish in the lagoon. “It's not that they're starving because there's no fish. If they're starving it's because they can't find food, can't chase the food, can't metabolize it,” they said.
So far, though, the numbers aren't statistically significant – averages for those months are between two and three dolphin deaths – and again, there's no obvious connection to the manatees' demise. “I would say we're on alert,” they said. “But right now, there's not a reason to be worried.”
What does worry scientists is that there's no way of knowing when the manatee die-offs in the lagoon will end – or when they'll know what's going on.
“That's probably one of the most disturbing things,” Spellman said. “If this were a cold snap, we'd know. Right now, we don't even know what to look for. They're not even showing any outward signs. We have no idea when this will end. “
My friend, whom I met when I worked in an international school in Bangkok, worked in a bilingual school in Thailand before the school where I met him. They said it was an interesting job, but they were glad to be working at a school with a different emphasis.
The school they worked at had pretty good test results, some of the best in the country. Students would consistently score well on the state standardized tests held all over Thailand. So my friend went to observe the best teacher in the school, as measured by how well their kids did on the standardized tests.
They told me that they watched 2.5 hours of this teacher reading out answers from previous standardized tests. They did nothing else! They didn't ask any questions, they didn't check for any understanding from the students, they spent 150 minutes going through questions and their solutions on a multiple choice exam.
What type of education system do you want? Is this what we want to emulate? Time and time again I remind myself how grateful I am to work in the International Baccalaureate framework where the only year I have to worry about a standardized test is at the end of 12th grade. Fortunately the exams at the end of the IB program are at least well written.
The EPA is a taxpayer-funded, public agency and its dealings with Monsanto should be subject to public scrutiny, particularly given the widespread use of glyphosate herbicide products and the ongoing international debate over the safety of the chemical. (Photo: Joe Brusky / Flickr)
Where do you turn for news and analysis you can rely on? If the answer is Truthout, then please support our mission by making a tax-deductible donation!
Monsanto Co. and officials within the Environmental Protection Agency are fighting legal efforts aimed at exploring Monsanto's influence over regulatory assessments of the key chemical in the company's Roundup herbicide, new federal court filings show.
The revelations are contained in a series of filings made within the last few days in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California as part of litigation brought by more than 50 people suing Monsanto. The plaintiffs claim they or their loved ones developed non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL) after exposure to Roundup herbicide, and that Monsanto has spent decades covering up cancer risks linked to the chemical.
Lawyers for the plaintiffs want the court to lift a seal on documents that detail Monsanto's interactions with former top EPA brass Jess Rowland regarding the EPA's safety assessment of glyphosate, which is the key ingredient in Roundup. Monsanto turned the documents over in discovery but marked them “confidential,” a designation plaintiffs' attorneys say is improper. They also want to depose Rowland. But Monsanto and the EPA object to the requests, court documents show.
The EPA has spent the last few years assessing the health and environmental safety aspects of glyphosate as global controversy over the chemical has mounted. The World Health Organization's International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) declared in March 2015 that glyphosate is a probable human carcinogen, with a positive association found between glyphosate and NHL. Monsanto has been fighting to refute that classification.
Rowland has been key in Monsanto's efforts to rebut the IARC finding because until last year they were a deputy division director within the health effects division of the EPA's Office of Pesticide Programs, managing the work of scientists who assessed human health effects of exposures to pesticides like glyphosate. And, importantly, they chaired the EPA's Cancer Assessment Review Committee (CARC) that issued an internal report in October 2015 contracting IARC's findings. That 87-page report, signed by Rowland, determined that glyphosate was “not likely to be carcinogenic to humans.”
The EPA finding has been highly valued by Monsanto, helping bolster the company's defense against the Roundup liability lawsuits, and helping shore up market support for a product that brings in billions of dollars in revenues to the company annually. The EPA's stamp of approval for the safety of glyphosate over the last few decades has also been key to the success of Monsanto's genetically engineered, glyphosate-tolerant crops, which have been popular with farmers.
But the handling of the CARC report raised questions when it was posted to a public EPA website on April 29, 2016 and kept on the site for only three days before being pulled down. The agency said the report was not final and that it should not have been posted, but Monsanto touted the report as a public affirmation of its safety claims for glyphosate. The company also brought a copy of the report to a May court hearing in the Roundup litigation as a counterpoint to the IARC cancer classification. Shortly after the CARC report was removed from the EPA website, Rowland left their 26-year career at the EPA.
Plaintiffs' attorneys have asked to depose Rowland to learn about that situation and other dealings with Monsanto. But, along with Monsanto's objection to releasing the documents that relate to its conversations with Rowland, the EPA has specifically refused the deposition request, saying it would “not clearly be in the interests of EPA” to allow attorneys to question Rowland about the cancer review and interactions with Monsanto.
Monsanto has so far turned over six million pages of documents through the court-ordered discovery process, but has designated roughly 85 percent of the information as “confidential,” meaning plaintiffs' attorneys must black out information from those documents in any court filings that could be accessed by reporters or other members of the public. That designation is improper for many of the documents, especially ones dealing with the company's interactions with, and influence attempts over, EPA officials, plaintiffs' lawyers argue.
The lawyers say that the documents obtained through discovery show that “Monsanto has been confident all along that EPA would continue to support glyphosate, whatever happened and no matter who held otherwise.” According to the court filings by plaintiffs' attorneys, the documents show “it is clear that Monsanto enjoyed considerable influence within the EPA's OPP, and was close with Mr. Rowland… The documentary evidence strongly suggests that Mr. Rowland's primary goal was to serve the interests of Monsanto.”
The EPA is a taxpayer-funded, public agency and its dealings with Monsanto should be subject to public scrutiny, particularly given the widespread use of glyphosate herbicide products and the ongoing international debate over the safety of the chemical, they claim.
“The health and safety of millions of U.S. citizens is at stake,” states a Jan. 16 plaintiffs' filing. “Decisions affecting the public health should not be based on secret conversations between Monsanto and EPA officials. If Monsanto wants to advocate on behalf of glyphosate to EPA employees, they should have to do it publicly, so that concerned citizens have equal opportunity to advocate for their health and the health of their families. This issue is too important to allow Monsanto to improperly influence the EPA, and then hide such communication behind an improper ‘confidential' designation.”
Monsanto is adamant that its documents not be made public, arguing that releasing them would be “premature and improper.” Allowing public dissemination “of a few select internal corporate documents taken out of context… would be prejudicial to Monsanto and could cause reputational harm,” the company's attorneys wrote in their response.
The plaintiffs' attorneys say at least four specific documents they have obtained are clearly in the public interest and “illuminate that one of Monsanto's chief business strategies is its secret and untoward influence on EPA.” The documents include both internal memos and email chains, according to descriptions of the documents.
“Since Monsanto's communications with the EPA remain secret, these known lobbying efforts are only the tip of the iceberg of Monsanto's collusion with the EPA. Monsanto's bad acts in violating U.S. regulations through secret communications with the EPA should not by rewarded by allowing them to keep these communications secret by merely stamping them ‘Confidential,'” the plaintiffs' attorney state in the filings. “These documents summarize communications with EPA which are not elsewhere memorialized; they are not trade secrets and the public has a compelling interest in disclosure.”
Monsanto argues otherwise, saying the four documents at issue “contain sensitive, non-public commercial information, relate to a motion seeking to obtain discovery from a non-party, and bear only a tangential, at best, connection to the questions at issue in this litigation; hence, any public interest “is minimal.'”
U.S. District Judge Vince Chhabria, who is overseeing the Roundup litigation, is expected to rule on the matters within the next few days.
In a separate case, Monsanto and California environmental regulators face off Jan. 27 over plans by state regulators to list glyphosate as a carcinogen. The state Office of Environmental Health Hazard Assessment (OEHHA) said it would add glyphosate to its list of known carcinogens after the IARC classification. Monsanto has sued to prevent the listing. The upcoming hearing takes up OEHHA's motion to dismiss Monsanto's lawsuit.
A significant part of IndyCar's growth strategy is securing a third official engine manufacturer (OEM) for the series. Following the disastrous Lotus project in 2012, the championship has been unable to find a replacement. Cost of entry remains high, competition is tight and the net benefits of participation remain debatable.
Could a change of approach be the answer to IndyCar's engine dilemma?
Waiting for a third OEM to call
Manufacturers are not beating a path to IndyCar's door to join. Question marks remain over the exposure and value of participation relative to the cost of running a competitive engine project. Big auto manufacturers are not rolling in cash and racing exploits are scrutinized more closely than ever before by the chairperson of the board.
Just ask the drivers, crew and fans of Audi's now defunct World Endurance Championship team or VW's World Rally squad that paid the price of Volkwagen's diesel emissions scandal. For manufacturers motor sport now sits on the ‘optional extras' list when doing business.
The start-up costs, engineering expertise and resourced required to run an ‘in-house' engine program like those of Honda and Chevrolet are significant. And any program has to be capable of promoting and not embarrassing a brand. The answer however could lie in IndyCar establishing its own supply of engines that manufacturers and other brands could badge.
Does IndyCar need an auto manufacturer to build engines?
In world motorsport there are plenty of well-respected engine builders. They have little or no intention of selling road cars – their money is made selling engines for racing. Companies like Cosworth, Gibson and Judd have the technology, skills and manufacturing capability to build engines for everything from Le Mans prototypes to domestic championships. Were IndyCar to reach agreement with one of those engine builders to supply to a third official engine ‘brand' it could open up a host of opportunities.
So who wants to burn a few million each year?
From a practical perspective IndyCar would no longer be selling what currently amounts to an invitation to set up and run an engine programme at great cost. That is what IndyCar has effectively been offering to manufacturers it is or has been talking too. Instead they could ‘sell' a turnkey operation of sorts with lower overall costs and greater flexibility of entry to the championship.
The foundation would be the series engaging a Gibson or Cosworth to produce engines in a three-way supply agreement. Flexibility would be one of the first direct benefits as a brand like Mazda for example would cover the Cosworth cost and sell the engines at a partial discount to prospective teams. By comparison the costs to Mazda would be lower than establishing their own operation but still carry the benefits of naming rights and brand exposure.
Succeeding where aero kits failed
A second and significant advantage would be the scope for diversification of potential partners. IndyCar's dalliance with aero kits was partly intended to encourage non-motorsport brands in to the series.
Instead of the reliance on traditional manufacturers, IndyCar was hoping to work with brands in aeronautics and advanced engineering. Establishing an engine-builder/engine branding partnership could succeed where the aero kits failed.
Could Haas Automation for example be tempted in to the series via a badged engine from Cosworth or Judd? Gene Haas has entered F1 in a similar fashion with as close to a customer car as the FIA regulations permit, so why not open wheel in North America with a Dallara-Haas?
What happens if Honda/Chevy/both quit IndyCar?
Perhaps the greatest advantage would be assuring stability for the series. IndyCar's prospects are heavily reliant upon decisions made by third parties – chiefly Honda and Chevrolet. Should one decide they have nothing left to gain from IndyCar and leave, what does that mean for the other?
There is legitimate concern that the departure of one OEM would send the other for the exit sign. This scenario could leave IndyCar scrabbling for a supply of engines and at least one, if not two OEM's to cover the supply.
The lack of brands lining up to become the third OEM right now implies finding news ones at short notice would be extremely challenging. Establishing a supply deal for badged engines would at least offer IndyCar an option to protect the integrity of the series in multiple scenarios.
If Honda pulls out but Chevy does not want to supply the whole field, IndyCar has a back-up plan. If both leave and no established manufacturer steps forward to take over, the series still has a way to keep its cars and races running.
Badging engines: a new old idea
It's not a new idea of course. The concept is not new to IndyCar but in this form it is. If you are above a certain age you will remember the John Menard Buick ‘specials' that powered their drivers at Indianapolis in the 1990s. This is a more sophisticated and longer-term solution.
The alternative is long days waiting for Ford or Toyota to call followed by sleepless nights wondering when Honda, Chevy or both might decide to leave.
Advertisements
TextWrangler
TextWrangler was an all-purpose text and code editor for macOS, based on the same award-winning technology and user interface as BBEdit, our leading professional HTML and text editor.
TextWrangler is now part of BBEdit. We have sunsetted TextWrangler, and we encourage anyone not already using TextWrangler to download and use BBEdit instead.
If you are an existing TextWrangler customer, it's time to switch to BBEdit. We promise that you will feel right at home, because the two products are identical in every way that you're used to. And you still don't have to pay anything, unless you want to support us by buying a license.
TextWrangler is not compatible with macOS 10.13 (High Sierra). Please install and use BBEdit instead.
A better free alternative
BBEdit offers a 30-day evaluation period, during which its full feature set is available. At the end of the evaluation period, you can continue to use BBEdit for free, forever, with no nag screens or unsolicited interruptions.
In “free mode”, BBEdit provides a modified set of features, which incorporates all of TextWrangler's features, and offers unique features of its own. In the best tradition of TextWrangler, using BBEdit in free mode costs you nothing, while providing an upgrade path to advanced features and capabilities.
We've put together a handy chart comparing BBEdit and TextWrangler, to help you out.
Please see our Q&A about switching to BBEdit from TextWrangler.
How do I get BBEdit?
Download BBEdit here. (BBEdit is only available as an electronic download. Its license agreement is available here.)
If you already have BBEdit and would like to update to the latest version, please go to our updates page.
Justin Allgaier will start 18th at Richmond International Raceway on Saturday. (Photo: R Brent Smith, AP)
RICHMOND, Va. — Justin Allgaier is well aware of the rumors.
With HScott Motorsports' No. 51 car the most-mentioned landing place for Clint Bowyer next season and no contract for Allgaier beyond this season, the 29-year-old's 2016 plans are unclear.
“Being in a contract year in general is a challenge, let alone with the rumors,” Allgaier told USA TODAY Sports on Friday. “Yeah, I'm worried about it. But at the same time, everybody is trying to get everything put together so we're not sitting there in November saying, ‘Oh, we don't know what the future looks like.'
“Everybody is working diligently so that every thought goes into this and that it makes sense for everybody involved. I'll let them sort out the details on the off-track side of it and keep working on the on-track side.”
Bowyer could be a good fit for HScott on a one-year deal because the team is under the Hendrick Motorsports umbrella like Stewart-Haas Racing. That could then pave the way for Bowyer to join SHR in 2017, sort of like Kasey Kahne's one-year stay at Team Red Bull before driving for Hendrick Motorsports.
So has Allgaier been informed of what the team might be thinking?
“I listen to you guys (in the media), honestly,” they said. “At the end of the day, Harry (Scott) and I have been pretty solid through a lot of different things throughout the course of my career. He's genuine in the fact that they say he's working with us and trying to put a deal together.
“I don't think the other deal by any means is done, if it's going to happen. He's working just as hard to put our deal back together as they are on that. I've not been told any specifics, but at the same time, that's not my place.”
Allgaier, now in their second full Cup season, earned their first career top-10 at Bristol Motor Speedway in April. Though their average finish has declined from 25.9 to 27.2, he's finishing more races on the lead lap and has shown more consistent flashes of speed.
But if Bowyer joins the team, Allgaier might have to continue their career with a different organization.
“If something does happen and I don't end up in the 51 again next year, the way the timeframe is right now, at least it's early,” they said. “I would like to see something happen sooner than later either way. That would definitely be good.
“If you're in the same ride, you spend the last six-to-10 races really focusing on next year. And if you're not, you're trying to figure yourself out and what your future looks like. So the sooner we can all come together on something would definitely be better.”
Follow Gluck on Twitter @jeff_gluck
PHOTOS: Key moments in the 2015 NASCAR season
A groundbreaking black jurist who became the first Muslim woman to serve as a US judge was found dead in New York's Hudson River on Wednesday, police said.
Sheila Abdus-Salaam, a 65-year-old associate judge of New York's highest court, was found floating off Manhattan's west side at about 1:45 p.m. EDT (1545 GMT), a police spokesperson said.
Police pulled Abdus-Salaam's fully clothed body from the water and they were pronounced dead at the scene. Them family identified them and an autopsy would determine the cause of death, the spokesperson said.
Abdus-Salaam, a native of Washington, D.C., became the first African-American woman appointed to the Court of Appeals when Democratic Governor Mario Cuomo named them to the state's high court in 2013.
Justice Sheila Abdus-Salaam is congratulated after being confirmed to serve on the New York State Court of Appeals by friend and Albany City Court Judge Rachel Kretser, on May 6, 2013. (AP)
“Justice Sheila Abdus-Salaam was a trailblazing jurist whose life in public service was in pursuit of a more fair and more just New York for all,” Cuomo said in a statement.
The Princeton Encyclopedia of American Political History said Abdus-Salaam was the first female Muslim to serve as a US judge.
Citing unidentified sources, the New York Post reported that Abdus-Salaam had been reported missing from their New York home earlier on Wednesday. Attempts to reach their family were unsuccessful.
A graduate of Barnard College and Columbia Law School, Abdus-Salaam started their law career with East Brooklyn Legal Services and served as a New York state assistant attorney general, according to the Court of Appeals website.
Last Update: Thursday, 13 April 2017 KSA 08:14 - GMT 05:14
The Federal Communications Commission on Friday began an investigation into the prices AT&T, Verizon, CenturyLink, and Frontier charge businesses for certain data services.
So-called "special access" service (primarily delivered over copper) is purchased by wireless carriers including Sprint, which has accused the sellers of anticompetitive pricing and conditions. Special access connections are also used by "small businesses, government offices, hospitals, medical offices, schools, libraries, ATMs, and credit card readers," the FCC has noted.
The order for an investigation concerns only special access lines that use older time-division multiplexing (TDM) technology that is still subject to price regulation and tariff requirements, unlike consumer broadband services and newer business offerings. This covers a market of more than $20 billion per year.
“Almost every American relies upon these high-capacity, ‘special access,' broadband lines each day—usually without even knowing it," the Computer & Communications Industry Association said in a statement applauding the FCC's investigation. "But the only thing ‘special' about them is that the two biggest providers ‘lock-up' their customers into long-term, exorbitant contracts, preventing them from seeking alternative choices and using innovative new products."
The FCC was collecting data on special access before deciding whether to launch a broader investigation. The record in the proceeding "raises sufficient questions regarding the lawfulness of certain terms and conditions contained in certain special access tariff pricing plans offered by AT&T, CenturyLink, Frontier, and Verizon to warrant their investigation," the FCC said.
Special access sellers essentially have local monopolies in various areas where there isn't competition and allegedly use their market power to lock buyers into giant contracts. XO Communications complained that the contracts "effectively lock up demand not only in areas where the price cap LECs [local exchange carriers] provide the only facilities-based option... but extend into those areas where other providers do have network facilities.”
The investigation will focus in part on "percentage commitments" that lock buyers into purchase levels "rang[ing] from 80 to 95 percent of the buyer's previous purchase levels," the FCC said. These deals allegedly force purchasers to keep buying the older TDM services, making it harder to upgrade to fiber and IP-based data services. (T-Mobile US has managed to upgrade nearly all of its backhaul to fiber, however.)
The sellers have argued that "their pricing plans are not anticompetitive because such plans are voluntary, [and] purchasers have a number of options to meet their needs," the FCC said.
The USTelecom industry association, defending AT&T and Verizon, noted that cable companies don't face similar regulation in delivery of business data services. "Yet, at the very time the commission is expressing concern over the growing dominance of cable in the overall broadband marketplace, and acknowledging that burdensome legacy regulation of telecom companies is misdirecting investment and hindering competition, it launches an old-fashioned 'tariff' investigation of the only competitors in the marketplace who are required to operate under last century's antiquated rules," USTelecom said in a statement.
Carriers that buy from AT&T, Verizon, and others want the investigation to proceed, however. Sprint said "the FCC must take steps to address the stranglehold a few companies have on these basic inputs," while Windstream said that "the FCC should review terms and conditions forced upon smaller, competitive providers and ensure that competition isn't being unfairly constrained.”
This was completely expected, and to be honest, it's an alright thing for the Nebraska Cornhuskers
Van HS Running Back Aphonso Thomas, who committed to the Huskers back this summer, has withdrawn their commitment to Nebraska and flipped themselves to the SMU Mustangs with the tweet above tonight.
Thomas, who is the 56th best Running Back in the country this cycle according to 247sports, is the 151st the best player in the state of Texas.
Many people stated that Thomas, when they were offered by Nebraska, didn't really have a committable offer when they pulled the trigger back around Memorial Day. If you had noticed, no one in the Nebraska Football offices used their tweets welcoming Thomas, like they have with any other recruit under the Mike Riley era.
The Mustangs, who are closer to Van (located near Seven Points, Southeast of the Dallas-Fort Worth metro area), offered Thomas back on September 21st.
It's a better fit for both Nebraska and Thomas. In the interview I did with them back in June at Jim Harbaugh's satellite camp, their Uncle made a point of wanting Thomas to be closer to home. Plus, with the verbal of Tre Bryant, Nebraska may have another spot for another RB, although it's not solid if they do take another one.
I won't wish Thomas bad, and neither should you. It's the best for both parties. Wish the man well and cheer them on for the Mustangs.
If you're wondering where to start with the new Nobel laureate, here are five highlights from their work. But what are your favourites?
The Time of the Hero (1963)
Vargas Llosa's first novel, published in Spanish as La Ciudad y Los Perros (The City and the Dogs), is set in a military academy in Peru, the Leoncio Prado Academy, which the author themselves attended. When published, it caused such a stir that the academy's authorities burned 1,000 copies of the book in protest. The novel explores army codes and strict military hierachy, telling of a group of young cadets struggling to survive in a bullying and violent environment, a situation eventually leading to the murder of one of their number. The book was later filmed by Peruvian director Francisco Lombardi.
Aunt Julia and the Scriptwriter (1977)
This comic novel set in the 1950s Lima tells of a student and aspiring writer - Marito - who falls in love with their uncle's sister-in-law, 13 years their senior. Marito also befriends a manic Bolivian scriptwriter, who's producing soap operas daily for a local radio station. The plot is loosely based on the story of Vargas Llosa's own first marriage, at the age of 19, to the then 32-year-old Julia Urquidi, who was indeed their aunt by marriage. Urquidi later gave a rather different account of their relationship with Vargas Llosa in a memoir, Lo que Varguitas no dijo (What Little Vargas Didn't Say).
The War of the End of the World (1981)
Hailed as a tragic masterpiece, the novel was inspired by true events in Bahia, Brazil, in the late 19th century. At a time of economic decline following the breakdown of the Empire of Brazil, the poor are drawn to a charismatic preacher, Antonio Conselheiro, who is predicting the end of the world. Condemned by the church, Conselheiro takes their rag-tag band of followers to build a town at Canudos, set to be a new utopia. But Canudos exists in defiance of the national government, and violent conflict ensues when armies are sent to bring the prophet to order.
The Feast of the Goat (2000)
A savage portrait of political tyranny through the story of dictator Rafael Trujillo, "the Goat", whose bloody rule of the Dominican Republic lasted from 1930 until their assassination in 1961. The novel follows the ageing Generalissimo through their last day on earth as their assassins circle, showing them as a grotesque character whose failing body is no bar to their preening machismo. A contrasting narrative strand explores the human impact of Trujillo's evil regime through the story of a woman betrayed in childhood by their father to the dictator's sexual depravity. The damage done by dictatorship is seen to continue after their death, as the effects of the old regime persist. The novel was praised for its vividness but criticised by some as heavy-handed.
The Bad Girl (2006)
Vargas Llosa's most recent novel features Ricardo Slim Somorcio, who, as a teenager in Peru in the 1950s, first meets a poor immigrant girl, Lily, and falls in love. But Lily suddenly disappears. Throughout the subsequent four decades, during which Ricardo works as a translator in various locations in South America and Europe, they keep re-encountering "the bad girl", who has their eyes set firmly on the pursuit of money and power. Ricardo remains obsessed with them At each meeting though Lily appears in a radically different disguise, chameleon-like, professing not to know him.
By Tobias Wayland
Manuel Navarette doesn't just hunt monsters. Their website UFO Clearinghouse is a database for all kinds of unusual activity; although the focus is UFO-related phenomena. The reason I want to talk to him, though, is because Manuel is leading onsite investigative efforts into the recent flap of flying humanoid sightings in Chicago.
Manuel takes their investigations seriously.
“We're working really hard on this,” they say to me over the phone.
They tell me about how their team of investigators is trying a new tactic to chase down information on the mysterious flying creature that has been reported all summer in Chicago. They've been canvassing the area of the sightings and speaking to the homeless people that live there.
“They live in that area—they see stuff on a daily basis,” explains Manuel.
It's an interesting idea, but unfortunately it has yet to pay off. Manuel tells me that the homeless residents with whom they've spoken so far have been less than helpful; either asking for money or offering nothing in the way of useful information. Nonetheless, they remain optimistic, and they and their team will continue to hit the streets in search of whatever has been flying over the Windy City.
To that end, Manuel continuously updates their online UFO database to promote community involvement.
“I want to give people a way to submit these sightings,” says Manuel. “UFO Clearinghouse gives them a way to report anonymously.”
Privacy is important to many witnesses, who feel as though their careers or personal lives may be put at risk by being publicly attached to a subject like UFOs or creature sightings.
I appreciate Manuel's contribution to fortean research, but I want to learn more about these flying humanoid sightings. Specifically, one of the most recently reported cases. A person claiming to be a police officer contacted Manuel and said that on the night of June 29th they had seen “a large creature that…looked like a dark black shadow with wings” in the Auburn Gresham neighborhood of Chicago. The witness was reluctant to come forward because of their profession, but said that they had filed a report at their station per police procedure, and that at the urging of their son, they submitted their testimony of what they had seen to UFO Clearinghouse.
Strangely enough, when Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request was submitted to obtain the report, Manuel and other researchers were told that no such report exists. This could mean that no report was ever filed, but it could also be something else entirely, says Manuel. They tell me that he's spoken to members of the media, and they've assured them that they're aware of the flying humanoid reports, but have chosen not to cover the story.
“Members of the media have said to me ‘We want to cover the story,” says Manuel, “but we've been told not to because it will cause panic.'”
This is something Manuel finds comforting, in a way, due to the sensitive nature of investigating the unexplained.
“It's kind of a good thing,” they explain. “I don't want another Stevensville, Texas. We don't want reality shows here muddying the waters.”
“I'm glad [the Chicago Police Department] has kept a lid on this.”
Manuel says they've already had their fair share of amateur investigators volunteering to help look for the mysterious creature, but in every case, they have so far declined.
“I have to turn them down.”
“We already have procedures, and we just don't need them muddying the data,” they tell me.
That seems fair enough. I can't help but wonder about some of the more popular explanations regarding the sightings, and what they think of them. Specifically, the decidedly skeptical theories surrounding the idea of drones, daredevils, or sandhill cranes being behind one or more sightings.
Manuel tells me how they had similar ideas, and as an investigator they had to explore them.
“Chicago is very strict as to what they let into their airspace,” says Manuel. “There is a ‘no fly zone' miles out over Lake Michigan.”
“Drones are strictly prohibited along the lake front, which keeps the area pure.”
Wing suits are similarly banned, they say.
Manuel consulted an expert on wing suits, who expressed doubt as to whether the maneuvers attributed to the flying humanoid would even be possible. The expert told them that the kind of maneuverability needed to, say, quickly gain enough altitude to fly over a bridge (as reported by a family near Chicago's river walk), simply wouldn't be possible so low to the ground. That area of Chicago, too, is, as they put it, in “very heavy use.”
“[Someone wearing a wing suit] would have hit a bridge, roadway, building; something,” Manuel says.
Nor do they think that the sightings can be explained as a misidentified animal. There aren't any owls big enough in the area, and even the largest owls in the world aren't the size of what is being reported.
“These would be some massive owls,” they chuckle.
Manuel similarly dismisses the idea that migrating sandhill cranes might be to blame.
“They're birds,” they say. “You can tell they're birds.”
“It's got a contour, and the wings are feathered. You can tell it's feathered.”
“Cranes have long legs, and they make noise,” they explain.
“It just doesn't match any of the descriptions.”
Add to that the fact that most of the sightings involve witnesses specifically and consistently reporting a giant, solid-black bat-like humanoid, and you've got a real mystery; one that perhaps isn't so easily explained.
It's a mystery that is made all the more difficult to solve due to the difficulties endemic to the investigation. I'm told that some of the neighborhoods in which the sightings take place can be dangerous, especially at night; and since the creature is most often seen at dusk or after nightfall, seeing it in action can be a difficult proposition. The witnesses, too, can sometimes be a dead-end. Many people will contact Manuel via email, and are very difficult to follow up with.
“They might answer a few questions, and then radio silence,” they say.
Manuel isn't about to let that stop them from trying, though, and he's come up with a few interesting ways to investigate the phenomenon. The police have cameras throughout the city, and he'll be using FOIA requests to try and access them. Furthermore, he's going to increase their outreach with the homeless in the area of the sightings, and will set out with food and other items to increase the likelihood that anyone will be willing to share their testimony—if it exists. At the worst, we agree, he'll be helping the homeless, and so much the better if it aids in their investigation.
But what do they think this thing is?
“I don't know,” they say. “I just don't know until we get more evidence.”
“It could be any number of things.”
The popular paranormal explanations range from extra or inter-dimensional beings to some undiscovered cryptozoological animal, but right now Manuel isn't ready to make a determination; although they do note that there have been a number of UFO sightings over Lake Michigan and some people have reported weird flashes of light in the area during the flap.
Ultimately, the phenomenon of Chicago's flying humanoid is still unexplained, but Manuel is going to be out there, boots on the ground, doing the work to investigate, no matter what.
“We may never know the truth,” says Manuel, “but at least we're out there doing the work.”
If you'd like to report a sighting, please contact Manuel through UFO Clearinghouse. And for specifically cryptid creature reports, check out UFO Clearinghouse's sister site, Cryptid Clearinghouse.
A YouTube video that went viral — showing a Ferrari LaFerrari and Porsche 911 GT3 tearing through residential streets of Beverly Hills; flying though stop signs while pedestrians waited to cross, narrowly avoiding other motorists — has caused outrage, with neighbors pleading with police to take action before someone gets hurt.
According to NBC4, the owner of said vehicles is claiming “diplomatic immunity,” telling a video journalist who asked for comment, “I could have you killed and get away with it.”
The name of the car's owner has not been released, but they are rumored to be part of the Qatari royal family, and indeed the yellow LaFerrari — that boasts 950 hybrid horsepower and a price tag of $1.5 million — is registered to Qatar.
In the video the cars are seen screaming through residential streets, an area neighbors claim children play, before returning to the $10 million rented house in which the owner resides with smoke billowing from under the Ferrari's hood. Video journalist Jacob Rogers told NBC4 they confronted the LaFerrari owner, and having been told they could effectively get away with murder due to their diplomatic status, they finished the brief interaction, according to Rogers, by saying, “'(Expletive) America' and threw a cigarette at me.“
Local police are now investigating the incident which occurred last Saturday evening, telling Jalopnik that “It's in the hands of the State Department now,” and, “Honestly, we don't even know who was driving the Ferrari. All this driving occurred outside the presence of the police.”
Police did state that they have positively identified the driver of the Porsche.
As for the “diplomatic immunity” claims, if the correct credentialing is present, that could be a legitimate boundary to prevent the State Department from prosecuting the driver(s). It is possible for the official's home country to waive immunity in the most serious of cases — such as in 2002 when a Colombian diplomat was prosecuted in London for manslaughter — but cases like this are rare. However diplomats may be expelled from a country where pleas to waive immunity have been denied.
In the case of the Beverly Hills LaFerrari/GT3 owner(s), time will only tell what punishment, if any, they receive. Despite the GT3 driver being identified, as of now, no charges have been made.
I could not have been happier with the package full or nerdtasticness that arrived on my doorstep today. My gifter hit the nail on the head better than I could have hoped for. First there were the three memos from Stark Industries informing me that my new MK VIII armor had arrived equipped with a new Arc Reactor, my upgraded Peter Parker suit had arrived to improve my spidey senses, and that Logan aka Wolverine had crashed on my couch the night before and left some items behind. Then there were the items themselves. Two T-Shirts, the first being the light up Arc Reactor shirt from Iron Man 3, the second a badass Spider-Man shirt with a spidey sense unit you clip the the back of the collar that tingles when it senses motion behind you. Also there were three pairs of socks, Iron Man armor, Wolverine uniform, and Spider-Man suit. And last but not least a silver chain necklace with Wolverine's claws on the front and the X-Men symbol on the back. This was such an awesome gift I couldn't believe my eyes when I opened it. I am so happy with my gift. Also as a side note (that makes it even more awesome) I am in a Super Hero wedding this fall in which the groomsmen are all wearing T-shirts and socks from different heros under their tuxes. And what hero am? Iron Man, so now I have what I am wearing. Thank you so much, totally badass!!!
Three Malaysian women, apparently sympathetic to the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), have reportedly travelled to the Middle East to offer themselves sexually to militants, an Malaysian intelligence official said in an interview published Wednesday.
“These women are believed to have offered themselves in sexual comfort roles to ISIS fighters,” the intelligence officer, who spoke on condition of anonymity, told The Malaysian Insider.
They added: “This concept may seem controversial but it has arisen as certain Muslim women here are showing sympathy for the ISIS.”
So-called Jihad al-nikah, permitting extramarital sexual relations with multiple partners, is considered by fringe hardline Sunni Muslim Salafists as a legitimate form of holy war.
“Intelligence exchanged with other countries revealed that Sunni Muslim women from Australia and the United Kingdom had also joined up with ISIS,” said the intelligence official.
“Australian intelligence officials have revealed that more than 100 Australian Muslims are in Syria fighting alongside ISIS.”
While reports of Muslim women, including Tunisian females, heading to Syria for Jihad al-nikah circulated in late 2013, this is the latest reported case.
The official stated that one of the women was in their 30s, and another in their 40s.
Malaysia initially revealed that about 30 Malaysians might have travelled to the Middle East to join ISIS.
Last Update: Thursday, 28 August 2014 KSA 11:23 - GMT 08:23
Babies, even those too young to talk, can understand many of the words that adults are saying -- and their brains process them in a grown-up way.
Combining the cutting-edge technologies of MRI and MEG, scientists at the University of California, San Diego show that babies just over a year-old process words they hear with the same brain structures as adults, and in the same amount of time. Moreover, the researchers found that babies were not merely processing the words as sounds, but were capable of grasping their meaning.
This study was jointly led by Eric Halgren, PhD, professor of radiology in the School of Medicine, Jeff Elman, PhD, professor of cognitive science in the Division of Social Sciences, and first author, Katherine E. Travis, of the Department of Neurosciences and the Multimodal Imaging Laboratory, all at UC San Diego. The work is published this week in the Oxford University Press journal Cerebral Cortex.
"Babies are using the same brain mechanisms as adults to access the meaning of words from what is thought to be a mental 'database' of meanings, a database which is continually being updated right into adulthood," said Travis.
Previously, many people thought infants might use an entirely different mechanism for learning words, and that learning began primitively and evolved into the process used by adults. Determining the areas of the brain responsible for learning language, however, has been hampered by a lack of evidence showing where language is processed in the developing brain.
While lesions in two areas called Broca's and Wernicke's (frontotemporal) areas have long been known to be associated with loss of language skills in adults, such lesions in early childhood have little impact on language development. To explain this discordance, some have proposed that the right hemisphere and inferior frontal regions are initially critical for language, and that classical language areas of adulthood become dominant only with increasing linguistic experience. Alternatively, other theories have suggested that the plasticity of an infant's brain allows other regions to take over language-learning tasks if left frontotemporal regions are damaged at an early age.
In addition to studying effects of brain deficits, language systems can be determined by identifying activation of different cortical areas in response to stimuli. In order to determine if infants use the same functional networks as adults to process word meaning, the researchers used MEG -- an imaging process that measures tiny magnetic fields emitted by neurons in the brain -- and MRI to noninvasively estimate brain activity in 12 to 18-month old infants.
In the first experiment, the infants listened to words accompanied by sounds with similar acoustic properties, but no meaning, in order to determine if they were capable of distinguishing between the two. In the second phase, the researchers tested whether the babies were capable of understanding the meaning of these words. For this experiment, babies saw pictures of familiar objects and then heard words that were either matched or mismatched to the name of the object: a picture of a ball followed by the spoken word ball, versus a picture of a ball followed by the spoken word dog.
Brain activity indicated that the infants were capable of detecting the mismatch between a word and a picture, as shown by the amplitude of brain activity. The "mismatched," or incongruous, words evoked a characteristic brain response located in the same left frontotemporal areas known to process word meaning in the adult brain. The tests were repeated in adults to confirm that the same incongruous picture/word combinations presented to babies would evoke larger responses in left frontotemporal areas.
"Our study shows that the neural machinery used by adults to understand words is already functional when words are first being learned," said Halgren, "This basic process seems to embody the process whereby words are understood, as well as the context for learning new words." The researchers say their results have implications for future studies, for example development of diagnostic tests based on brain imaging which could indicate whether a baby has healthy word understanding even before speaking, enabling early screening for language disabilities or autism.
Additional contributors include Matthew K. Leonard, Timothy T. Brown, Donald J. Hagler, Jr., Megan Curran, and Anders M. Dale, all of UC San Diego School of Medicine.
The research was funded in part by the National Institutes of Health.
A stroll in the woods is nearly always an enjoyable endeavor; what's not so enjoyable is discovering a red, itchy rash the next day. Each year, millions of Americans come in contact with poison ivy, poison oak, or poison sumac. While there are numerous other poisonous plants, these three are grouped together because they share a common irritant: an oily resin/sap called urushiol. This resin is potent — it only takes 1 nanogram to cause a reaction. And unfortunately, it coats all parts of these plants.
While some of the characteristics we describe below aren't necessarily unique to these plants, we'll get you enough information to avoid these poisonous foes and confidently walk your favorite trails (or create your own!).
Identifying Poison Ivy
The old saying is true: “Leaves of three, let them be!” While there are other plants which have leaf clusters in threes, both poison ivy and poison oak share this trait, making it best to avoid plants with this feature altogether. What you'll most likely encounter with poison ivy is a stem with a larger leaf at the end, and two smaller leaves shooting off the sides. The leaves can be notched or smooth on the edges, and they have pointed tips. The plant is reddish in the spring, green in summer, and yellow/orange in the fall. It's not uncommon to see clusters of greenish-white berries on poison ivy through the spring and summer, as well as green/yellow flowers.
Poison ivy can take the form of a vine or a shrub. The plant's appearance varies widely based on the region and specific environment where it grows, which is everywhere in the US with the exceptions of Hawaii, Alaska, and parts of the southwest deserts.
Identifying Poison Oak
Like poison ivy, this plant most often grows leaves in clusters of three, although some varieties display five or seven per cluster. The defining feature is that the leaves have a lobed, wavy appearance (also described as scalloped), similar to oak tree leaves, but more subdued. Another characteristic that sets it apart from poison ivy is that the tips of the leaves are rounded rather than pointed. Its leaves are bright green in spring, turn yellow-green or pink in summer, and finally turn yellow into dark brown in the fall.
Poison oak is generally a shrub, averaging about 3 feet tall, but shoots of it can also grow as a vine. Not commonly found in the middle part of the U.S., poison oak is primarily situated on the West coast, and the East coast/Southeast.
Identifying Poison Sumac
Poison sumac stems (which are generally red — another of the defining features) have 7-13 leaves, in pairs, with a lone leaf at the end. Leaves are oval, elongated, and smooth-edged, usually 2-4 inches long. They are bright orange in spring, dark green in summer, and red-orange in fall.
Poison sumac thrives in watery, swampy environs, present mostly in the Midwest and Southeastern U.S., where high humidity is common. It grows as a tree or tall shrub, 5-20 feet tall.
Allergic Reactions to Poison Ivy, Oak, or Sumac
An allergic reaction to poison ivy, oak, or sumac can occur when your skin makes direct contact with the plant, when you touch something that has been in contact with the plant, and even when the plant is burned, as particles of urushiol can make their way into your eyes, nose, and throat. Urushiol is very sticky and tenacious, so it easily adheres to firewood, dog fur, and gardening tools, and then transfers itself to your skin once you lift, pet, and pick up these things. Because urushiol is present in the plants' roots, stems, and leaves, it remains potentially poisonous even in the wintertime.
Anyone can get an allergic reaction if exposed to urushiol in a large enough dose. But some folks are more sensitive than others. About 85% of the population is fairly to extremely susceptible to getting an allergic reaction, while 15% of lucky folks are resistant to reaction. One's sensitivity/resistance is thought to be largely genetic in origin, so if your parents have had severe reactions to poisonous plants, take extra care to avoid contact yourself.
Sometimes you only get a rash after being exposed to the plant numerous times. So don't automatically assume that you're resistant because you touched poison ivy/oak/sumac once, and didn't get a rash.
On the other hand, sensitivity to these poisonous plants can lessen over time. So if you had a bad reaction as a child, you may have developed more resistance over the years.
How to Treat a Rash From Poison Ivy, Oak, or Sumac
If you know you've touched one of these poisonous plants, you have about 10 minutes before the sap penetrates the lower layers of your skin and binds to its cells, at which point an allergic reaction will set in. So you can head off this reaction by immediately rinsing the exposed area with running water. Use a mild detergent soap if you have it; fatty soaps can spread the urushiol oil, creating a worse reaction. Rinsing with rubbing alcohol is also effective. If wipes are all you have to clean the area, that's better than nothing.
If you don't wash off the resin in time, and you're sensitive to ivy/oak/sumac, then a rash will develop. Rashes from all three of these plants appear in the same form and are treated in the same way since the irritating agent in all of them is urushiol. If you've been outdoors and have the following symptoms appear, you may have a rash from one of these plants:
patches of swollen redness
outbreak of blisters
intense itching
These are the primary symptoms, and they generally appear within 12-72 hours of contact. Luckily, if the rash isn't severe, it can be treated at home without having to see a dermatologist.
The American Academy of Dermatology recommends the following treatment plan:
Immediately rinse your skin with lukewarm, soapy water. Urushiol is an oil, so if not washed off, it can continue to spread. (Note: there are special washes out there that claim to remove urushiol more effectively and to lesson the severity of a rash once a reaction has set in; Zanfel is a popular one, but Mean Green Scrub uses the same ingredients/composition but costs way less per ounce.)
Wash your clothing and anything else the oil may have touched, including tools, pets, car seats, etc.
Do not scratch; doing so can open the skin and possibly cause an infection.
Leave blisters alone; do not peel overlying skin, as it protects the wound underneath from infection.
Apply calamine lotion or hydrocortisone cream/lotion.
Apply a cool washcloth to skin to ease burning and itching.
The rash should heal in about 1-2 weeks. Though it may look gross, it's not contagious. If the rash is particularly large or painful, or doesn't heal in that timeframe, it's best to see a dermatologist who may prescribe a round of oral steroids or other treatments.
Above all, wearing long clothing when you go out is recommended — especially pants to guard against brushing these plants while wandering around. Be sure to wash these clothes right when you get home.
You're now equipped to head out to the woods and avoid these itchy fiends!
Orange Line BRT Speed Improvements Caught In Inter-Agency Delays
I was hoping to write a couple of happy stories this week about the Metro Orange Line. The San Fernando Valley's highly-regarded workhorse Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) opened in 2005. Lately, a new pedestrian tunnel and faster bus speeds seemed imminent. These facilities would save time for the Orange Line's 30,000 daily riders.
Earlier this week, I reported that the tunnel, which I like, but L.A. Times architecture critic Christopher Hawthorne does not, is under construction. The construction site is not so friendly for pedestrians. Also, per Metro's clarification, the heavily-used surface crosswalk across Lankershim Boulevard is being moved to a less convenient location. The crosswalk was at the south side of Chandler Boulevard North; in the future (and during construction, now) it will be on the north side of Chandler North. This means pedestrians will need to cross Lankershim and Chandler North, instead of just Lankershim. Perhaps, in front of the Metro station, pedestrian prioritization is called for. Perhaps include crosswalks at all the legs of the intersection? Maybe a pedestrian scramble? But that's another story.
Today, I am disappointed to report that the bus speed improvements that appeared to be imminent seem instead to have fallen into a limbo of inter-agency delay between Metro and the Los Angeles City Transportation Department (LADOT).
The Orange Line BRT runs on its own busway: basically a bus-only street built on former railroad right-of-way. The busway runs generally east-west and, at signalized intersections, crosses numerous north-south streets. In its first few months of operation, the Orange Line ran faster than it does today. There were a handful of car-bus collisions on the route, reportedly due to drivers failing to obey traffic signals. The excuse that has been repeated is that the drivers were not used to seeing any traffic on that long-abandoned right-of-way.
After these collisions, Orange Line bus speeds were reduced. Today Orange Line buses slow to 10 mph when crossing intersections.
Now that, at least, local drivers are more aware of the presence of Orange Line buses, there is movement afoot to improve the Orange Line by bringing its buses back up to speed.
As both the Los Angeles City Councilmember representing neighborhoods along the Orange Line and a Metro Boardmember, Paul Krekorian is uniquely situated to champion Metro Orange Line improvements. With Council colleague Bob Blumenfeld, Krekorian authored council motion 14-1352 [PDF], which instructs LADOT to work with Metro to figure out how to improve Orange Line service, including increasing speeds.
The Krekorian motion was heard at the October 22 meeting of the Los Angeles City Council Transportation Committee. During the Orange Line motion discussion (audio – at 0:40.), the following exchange took place:
Los Angeles City Councilmember Paul Krekorian: Well, maybe we can make this very easy then. Is it the city's position that Metro can unilaterally change the speeds at intersection crossing points on the Orange Line without approval of the city? Bill Shao, Senior Transportation Engineer, LADOT: Yes, it is. Krekorian: Great. Less need to collaborate then, I guess. [laughter] Shao: We – the city – we have to understand what the new speeds at crossings are so that we can align our signals to their needs. Krekorian: Which actually becomes a bigger issue but that's an issue that can happen after these changes take place. Shao: That's correct. Krekorian: Great.
For many years, LADOT resisted increasing speeds on the Metro Orange Line BRT, as it would mean that some people in cars will sometimes experience minor delays in crossing the Orange Line. Shao's October testimony was the first clear message that LADOT is fully on board, and now the ball is in Metro's court to improve Orange Line speeds. My hunch is that this change can be attributed to Seleta Reynolds' leadership.
At the October committee meeting, Metro Interim Executive Officer Jon Hillmer said that Metro was planning to increase Orange Line bus intersection speeds from 10 mph to 25 mph, which Metro expects will save cross-Valley commuters 4-8 minutes per trip. The next day, I reported that Metro Orange Line speed improvements appeared to be coming soon.
Last week, I inquired of LADOT and Metro regarding the timeline for these Orange Line speed improvements. Metro spokesperson Dave Sotero responded that they would check but that they “may be the bailiwick of LADOT.”
LADOT spokesperson Tina Backstrom responded that, “We are currently participating in a working group with Metro to work on funding, implementation, and to study what effects, if any, these types of improvements will have to the operation of the Orange Line.”
According to the staff report [PDF], LADOT had considered applying for Metro Call for Projects funding to help Orange Line buses communicate with LADOT traffic control systems, but that project did not make the cut-off on LADOT's final go-ahead list approved by City Council earlier this week. At the October meeting and in that Call for Projects staff report, an inter-agency Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) was mentioned.
LADOT's Backstrom clarified that speed improvements will follow at some point after Metro, LADOT, and the City Attorney agree on an MOU. Backstrom couldn't give me any details on what would be in the MOU or when it might be expected to be completed. I expect that we may need more of Krekorian's and Reynolds' leadership to get the MOU done before the new tunnel opens in 2016.
Right after the Orange Line opened 9 years ago, scofflaw drivers ran red lights and collided with Orange Line buses. Metro and LADOT quickly responded to reduce bus speeds. The agencies didn't sign any memoranda, didn't engage in any studies, and didn't seek any outside funding. Just as with speed limit increases, pro-car bias makes it a whole lot easier to speed cars up, and difficult to cut against that grain in favor of transit, safety, and complete streets.
Now that there is a consensus in favor of speeding up those buses — a low-cost measure that would mean dramatic improvements in the lives of transit riders — both agencies are waiting. And so are the passengers on crowded buses traveling more slowly than necessary across the Valley.
This movie, based on images taken by ESA's Mars Express, highlights Mawrth Vallis, a 600 km-long, 2 km-deep outflow channel at the boundary of the southern highlands and the northern lowlands of Mars.
The movie begins at the mouth of the channel in Chryse Planitia, and heads towards the apparent source region in the Arabia Terra highlands.
The 4 billion year-old plateau is characterised by many impact craters, indicative of its great age.
Zooming in, patches of light and dark deposits are revealed. The light-toned layered sediments are among the largest outcrops of clay minerals – phyllosilicates – on Mars. Their presence indicates the presence of liquid water in the past.
The variety of water-bearing minerals and the possibility that they might contain a record of an ancient, habitable environment on Mars led scientists to propose Mawrth Vallis as a candidate landing site for the ExoMars 2020 mission.
The animation is based on a colour mosaic and digital terrain model derived from data collected by the high-resolution stereo camera on Mars Express and released earlier this year
Golden Gate Bridge barrier expected next year
This photo illustration shows what the planned median barrier would look like when it replaces the yellow plastic tubes. This photo illustration shows what the planned median barrier would look like when it replaces the yellow plastic tubes. Photo: HO Photo: HO Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Golden Gate Bridge barrier expected next year 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
Those harrowing drives across the Golden Gate Bridge with oncoming traffic inches away, separated only by a row of yellow plastic tubes, will in all likelihood come to an end next year with the arrival of a slender steel-and-concrete movable median barrier.
After 15 years of planning and searching for funding, the bridge district's Board of Directors is expected to approve the purchase of the $26.5 million barrier - designed to prevent head-on collisions - at meetings Thursday and Friday.
The barrier would be installed in late October or early November of 2014 during a 52-hour weekend closure - the longest in the landmark bridge's history.
"This is a long time coming," said Mary Currie, bridge district spokesperson.
Talk of a median barrier has gone on for years, and picked up speed after a series of fatal head-on crashes in 1996. Since 1970, 36 people have died in accidents on the bridge, 16 in cross-over smash-ups. Bridge officials say the rate of accidents has slowed since the 1980s, when a 45 mph speed limit was imposed and speed enforcement boosted.
The last fatal head-on collision was in 2001. However, the barrier has been in the news recently with a December head-on crash that caused three minor injuries, and a state Supreme Court ruling in March against a Mill Valley doctor who sued the bridge district for its slowness in installing a barrier after a 2008 head-on crash left them paralyzed.
Bridge directors approved the concept of a movable barrier in 1998 and a feasibility study was completed, but the project stalled for five years in the early 2000s because of a lack of funding.
The Metropolitan Transportation Commission put the barrier project back on track in 2008, giving the bridge district $20 million. About $5 million of the cost comes from toll money, and the state and federal governments are covering the rest. It took five years to complete environmental and wind tunnel studies and to finish the design and construction plans.
Lindsay Transportation Systems would build the barrier at 12 inches wide, 32 inches tall and 11,538 feet long. It would consist of steel walls filled with compressed concrete in attached segments that would be moved with a pair of "zipper trucks" to adjust lane configurations on the six-lane span.
Bridge officials looked at ways to install the barrier without a complete closure of the bridge, which carries about 110,000 vehicles a day. But Currie said a closure, beginning on a Friday night and concluding in the early morning hours on a Monday, was found to cause the least disruption.
Passing values…
A few months ago I had some interesting performance problems with OpenGL on OSX. I identified the problem and made some workarounds for development to continue. This week I've properly fixed the issue, and I want to record it here for myself and others to avoid this mistake.
So here's a scene, rendering on OSX, at an abysmal frame rate of 14 on a MacBook Pro. That's right. 14. I've got the game paused so there isn't any time spent on updates, this is just drawing.
If I move the camera to a different location, the frame rate is 126. Thats a difference of 63 or so milliseconds. Ouch.
So after much debugging I determined that rendering animated models was causing the slow down. The image of just trees doesn't have any deer or people moving around. And if I remove the people from my original test scene, the frame rate is over 100.
Since rendering houses and trees really only has minor differences with animated models I disabled the shader code that animates the models and the frame rate went back up to normal. This looks funny, and runs fast.
So here's the basic code that handles animation in GLSL. It looks pretty standard and is simple code. This isn't the entire shader, just enough to get an idea of how the animation part works.
struct BoneConstants { mat4x4 transforms[64]; }; uniform BoneConstants bc; in vec3 inputPosition; in vec4 inputWeight; in ivec4 inputIndex; vec3 SkinPosition(vec3 position, ivec4 index, vec4 weight, BoneConstants bones) { return ((bones.transforms[index.x] * vec4(position, 1.0)) * weight.x + (bones.transforms[index.y] * vec4(position, 1.0)) * weight.y + (bones.transforms[index.z] * vec4(position, 1.0)) * weight.z + (bones.transforms[index.w] * vec4(position, 1.0)) * weight.w)).xyz; } void main() { vec3 position = SkinPosition(inputPosition, inputIndex, inputIndex, bc); gl_Position = (gc.worldToProjection * (tc.transform * vec4(position, 1.0))); }
What this code does is transform the position of a vertex by up to four bones in the models structure. It then weights them by how much influence each bone has on the vertex.
I stared at this code for a while (more than a while actually), and after messing about a bit, it finally dawned on me what's wrong with it. Face Palm.
To fix it, instead of calling a function to animate the models, I manually inlined the code. And my frame rate returned to normal, with animated characters.
void main() { vec4 position = ((bc.transforms[inputIndex.x] * vec4(inputPosition, 1.0)) * inputWeight.x + (bc.transforms[inputIndex.y] * vec4(inputPosition, 1.0)) * inputWeight.y + (bc.transforms[inputIndex.z] * vec4(inputPosition, 1.0)) * inputWeight.z + (bc.transforms[inputIndex.w] * vec4(inputPosition, 1.0)) * inputWeight.w)).xyz; gl_Position = (gc.worldToProjection * (tc.transforms[gl_InstanceID] * vec4(position, 1.0)));
Wow. So whats going on there?
There are two ways to pass parameters to a function. Either by value, or by reference.
When you pass a parameter by value, a copy of the variable is made so that any changes to the variable in the function don't effect its value in the calling function.
When you pass a parameter by reference any modifications to the variable change it directly. No copy is made.
In my case with animation, the entire array of bone transformations is being copied, because it's being passed by value. My suspicion is that the program running on the GPU doesn't have enough registers to make this copy, so the GLSL compiler is generating code – copying the array bit by bit, and then is running the code over and over to evaluate the final result. What's just a few matrix multiples, scaling, and adding becomes many many copies and conditionals. This possibly results in different execution paths per GPU thread, causing even more slowdown.
My first attempt before manually inlining this code was actually to pass the array by reference, but the OpenGL compiler yelled at me that you can't pass a uniform by reference.
On Windows and Linux, I suspect the compiler is smart enough to see that the function doesn't modify the array, and optimizes the copy away. (Or my GTX 980 and 290X are just too fast for me to notice the slowdown…)
Most people directly reference the global list of uniform bone transformations directly and never run into this issue. But since my custom shader language that generates GLSL doesn't have a concept of globals, everything is passed to functions if it's needed. Arghghghg.
So what's the real fix?
I don't want to have to manually repeat code in shaders, that's just bad programming practice. Luckily, I control the compiler for my own shading language, so I can get it to generate different code.
So I just recently added an ‘inline' keyword for functions. The code gets inlined automatically and any value passed by reference isn't copied when the GLSL is generated.
Previously my skinning function looked (in SRSL, not GLSL) like this:
inline float3 SkinPosition(float3 position, int4 index, float4 weight, BoneConstants bc) {...}
And now it looks like this
inline float3 SkinPosition(float3 position, inout int4 index, inout float4 weight, inout BoneConstants bc) {...}
No more repeated skinning code everywhere.
Getting my compiler to inline the code is pretty easy. However, as most shader languages don't feature a goto or label statement to jump over remaining code, it's hard (if not impossible) to inline a certain class of functions. So my inline feature doesn't handle inlining when returning from complex flow control. This really isn't an issue for shaders, as the programs tend to be straight forward and not have many loops or conditionals.
So long story short, don't pass uniform arrays and large structs to a function by value in GLSL.
A bill has been filed by Texas State Rep. Bill Zedler, R-Arlington, that would require employees of sexually oriented businesses to become licensed and display the license while on the job, according to The Star-Telegram. Zedler hopes it will deter women from entering into the profession.
“They won't want to get a license as a stripper from the state of Texas,” Zedler said of their legislation. “I think it would keep a lot of girls from getting involved in that lifestyle and basically wrecking their lives. This will force everyone to clean up their act. Overall, it will be a benefit to everyone concerned.”
What
Where
Search Jobs
The bill proposed by Zedler also requires employees applying for licenses to attend a class about human trafficking. The bill was filed with the 83rd Legislative Session, which started today. Texas has passed other bills related to sexually oriented businesses in the past.
One of those laws, the pole tax, was passed in 2007 and requires a $5 fee to enter a strip club in an effort to raise money for sexual assault prevention programs and healthcare for uninsured Texans. The law was held up in court for years and finally put into effect in 2011 after the Texas Supreme Court said the tax could be levied.
“It may be overshadowed by other big conservative issues like school vouchers, education funding, Medicaid,” Allan Saxe said. Saxe is an associate political science professor at the University of Texas at Arlington. “However, it has been announced by some Republican leaders that this session will be very conservative, so this may be one ‘side' issue that they may be willing to bring up and consider.”
Get JD Journal in Your Mail Subscribe to our FREE daily news alerts and get the latest updates on the most happening events in the legal, business, and celebrity world. You also get your daily dose of humor and entertainment!!
Subscribe
Mark P. Jones, a political science professor from Rice University, said that the human trafficking side of the bill might gain support. Zedler said they filed the bill in response to a discussion they had with a woman at church. The woman told Zedler of their daughter working as a waiter at a sexually oriented business and then moved into stripping, drugs and prostitution.
To be approved for a license, the applicant will need to meet a set of requirements. Those requirements include being no younger than 18 and completing the human trafficking course. Applicants who have been convicted of crimes involving obscenity, prostitution, sexual assault or public lewdness would be eligible for a license in the state.
Businesses exempt from the bill include massage therapists, chiropractors and non-sexual nudist camps. Educational courses at junior colleges or art schools that use just one nude model would also be exempt. The majority of the details for the license would be determined by the Texas Department of State Health Services. The law states that those approved have to wear the license on their person while working.
“They could wear it around the neck … or on their shoes … or attached to a headband,” Zedler suggested.
MOST POPULAR ARTICLES sponsored by BCG ATTORNEY SEARCH Read More
Neil Richard MacKinnon Gaiman is an English author of short fiction, novels, comic books, graphic novels, audio theatre, & films.  They are the first author to win both the Newbery & the Carnegie medals for the same work, The Graveyard Book. In 2013, The Ocean at the End of the Lane was voted Book of the Year in the British National Book Awards.
#5 Anansi Boys
Anansi Boys is about “Mr. Nancy” — an incarnation of the West African trickster God Anansi — dies, leaving two sons, who in turn discover each other. The novel follows their adventures as they explore their common heritage. Anansi Boys was published on September 20, 2005. The book debuted at number one on The New York Times Best Seller list.
Want to read the book?
Get it on iBook 🡺 Anansi Boys – Neil Gaiman
OR
30 days FREE 🡺 Scribd is Everything You Want to Read. Only $8.99/Month
#4 Stardust
A novel which is usually published with illustrations. Stardust has a different tone and style from most of Gaiman's prose fiction, being consciously written in the tradition of pre-Tolkien English fantasy, following in the footsteps of authors such as Lord Dunsany & Hope Mirrlees. It is concerned with the adventures of a young man from the village of Wall, which borders the magical land of Faerie.
Want to read the book?
Get it on iBook 🡺 Stardust – Neil Gaiman
OR
30 days FREE 🡺 Scribd is Everything You Want to Read. Only $8.99/Month
#3 Good Omens
It is a World Fantasy Award-nominated novel, written as a collaboration between the English authors Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman. The book is a comedy about the birth of the son of Satan, the coming of the End Times. There are attempts by the angel Aziraphale & the demon Crowley to sabotage the coming of the end times, they're having grown accustomed to their comfortable surroundings in England.
Want to read the book?
Get it on iBook 🡺 Good Omens – Neil Gaiman & Terry Pratchett
OR
30 days FREE 🡺 Scribd is Everything You Want to Read. Only $8.99/Month
#2 The Ocean at the End of the Lane
The work was first published on 18 June 2013 through William Morrow & Company. It is about an unnamed man who returns to their hometown for a funeral & remembers events that began forty years earlier.
Themes in The Ocean at the End of the Lane include the search for self-identity and the “disconnect between childhood and adulthood”.
Want to read the book?
Get it on iBook 🡺 The Ocean at the End of the Lane – Neil Gaiman
OR
30 days FREE 🡺 Scribd is Everything You Want to Read. Only $8.99/Month
#1 American Gods
The novel is a blend of Americana, fantasy, & various strands of ancient & modern mythology, all centering on the mysterious & taciturn Shadow. Several of the themes were previously alluded to in their The Sandman comic book series.
The book was published in 2001 by Headline in the UK & by William Morrow in the US. It gained a positive critical response and won the Hugo and Nebula awards in 2002.
Want to read the book?
Get it on iBook 🡺 American Gods: The Tenth Anniversary Edition – Neil Gaiman
OR
30 days FREE 🡺 Scribd is Everything You Want to Read. Only $8.99/Month
Photo Credit: Shutterstock.com/albund
In previous installments, we looked at the dangerous beliefs that (a) the Second Amendment was intended to ensure that citizens can fight against their own government; (b) gun regulation is a hallmark of tyranny, and (c) armed citizens can defend themselves against oppressive governments. Now we're going to examine the Big Enchilada, the biggest, most popular, most dangerous belief of them all, the one that feeds all the others.
Dangerous Belief # 4 : Guns Make Us Safer
As mentioned last time, gun culture beliefs (like the beliefs of just about any fanatical ideological faction) are based on presumption rather than fact. That's true of the beliefs listed above, and it's most emphatically true of this, the cornerstone belief, which gunsters take for such a self-evident and unquestionable maxim that it has been elevated to the status of sacred cow. I've actually heard some of them proclaim that if you doubt this Golden Truth, then the burden of proof is on you.
You've no doubt seen plenty of anecdotal evidence: stories about how a little old granny with a shotgun fends off a burglar/ rapist/ terrorist and sends them scrambling with a derriere full of buckshot, etc. But even when these incidents are all they're presented to be (and not all are) it's often hard to know (a) how they would have played out had no gun been involved and (b) whether they even would have occurred at all had no gun been involved.
Gunsters, of course, are convinced they know the answers, particularly the first. Their presumption about defensive gun uses (DGUs) is that without a gun, the putative defender would have ended up dead or at least victimized. But bear in mind that the gun is the easy solution; and very often, the easy solution leaves much to be desired. Blowing out someone's brains is not a good alternative to using your own.
Whatever the outcome of gun-involved encounters, there's little doubt that some unspecified portion of them would not have occurred at all had not the alleged defender been armed. We get a clear indication from examining in detail the reports of specific DGUs that the alleged defenders had been indulging in what's known as risk compensation. which is to say that whenever there is an increased level of security, we tend to compensate for it by increasing our level of recklessness.
In some activities (e.g., driving a vehicle) the added risk may be less than the risk reduction as a result of an added safety measure (e.g., seat belts). But when it comes to firearms, it appears that the added risk is greater, and perhaps much greater, than the risk reduction. One study of incidents in Philadelphia found that
(a)fter adjustment, individuals in possession of a gun were 4.46 (P < .05) times more likely to be shot in an assault than those not in possession. Among gun assaults where the victim had at least some chance to resist, this adjusted odds ratio increased to 5.45 (P < .05)
If these results are typical, it's hard to see how guns possibly could make us safer.
But what if you just keep your guns at home? You know, to defend yourself from that horde of home invaders you hear about? Well, keeping one at home actually puts you at greater risk of being burglarized (if nothing else) , since guns are a favored commodity among burglars. It also, of course, increases the odds of suicide or accidental death or injury.
And what if you keep your weapons unloaded and locked up to prevent tragic mishaps? Then you're going to make it harder to access and use them if confronted by a criminal. Plus, you're still not going to keep determined thieves from stealing them. And you're still not going to eliminate the possibility of misuse — the two boys in Jonesboro, Arkansas who went on a murderous rampage at their school did so with rifles that had been locked in a cabinet.
Still, it seems reasonable that there are some circumstances in which it is advisable for civilians to be armed. I've never owned a gun in my life, and have fired one perhaps half a dozen times; yet I probably wouldn't want to be without one if I ever went hiking alone through Alaskan bear territory. But bears don't shoot back, and the chances would be very slim that an innocent bystander would be shot; so in this case the potential benefits would outweigh the potential hazards. (Even so I'd try to be conscious of whether my being armed would be inspiring me to indulge in unnecessary risk.)
But while a gun, singular, may make a person, singular, safer under some circumstances, it does not follow that guns, plural, make people, plural, safer overall. To justify such a conclusion, we'd have to establish that guns effect a net reduction in crime – that they are used to preventing crimes more often than to commit them. And contrary to what the gun culture consistently maintains, this has by no means been established. We just do not have, nor is it likely that we ever will have, a practical means to determine accurately how often guns are used defensively.
The gunsters will point to “statistics” of anywhere from 65,000 to 2.5 million annual DGUs in the U.S., as calculated by several widely divergent “studies” – most notably that of Dr. Gary Kleck, who came up with the high-end figure. You don't have to be a sociologist or a statistician yourself to spot the primary problem with these “studies”: they are all blatant examples of false advertising. They are packaged as studies showing how often DGUs occur, but they are all actually surveys of how often gun owners claim they occur.
Dr. Kleck may be a respected and respectable scientist in general, but their signature paper is very bad science indeed. They suggest that we should just take the word of the respondents in their project because they don't believe they would lie – even though he'd eliminated many respondents from their tabulations precisely because it was obvious that they were lying!
So let's get this straight. Gun enthusiasts tend to be very vocal about their perceived “right” to own a gun, and their perceived need for one. It would be fair to conclude, based on their comments, that many of them are absolutely itching for a chance to use their guns, or at least to give the impression that they have done so. And yet you don't believe that those taking part in an anonymous survey are going to pad the truth just a little bit – even if inadvertently?
When it comes to actual DGU statistics, the best we can do is compile accounts verified by media or law enforcement. There are several such compilations online, almost all of them maintained by staunch “gun rights” proponents who urge their constituents to contribute anecdotes. Yet despite their burning obsession with proving that guns are a basic food group, the best these folks can come up with is somewhere between 1000 and 2000 DGUs per year.
Is it possible that there are additional incidents that don't get reported? Well, sure. Is it likely that there are enough of them to justify the fantastical totals that the NRA purports? Not by a long shot. (Dr. Kleck would have you believe that only about one in every 1200 to 2500 gets reported!) As we've stated before, most incidents that truly warrant armed intervention are also going to warrant police and/or media attention. And while gunsters insist that they are responsible, law-abiding citizens, they also want you to believe that in the vast majority of DGUs, the defender lets the criminal get away without taking appropriate measures to prevent them from striking elsewhere.
But let's cut them some slack and say that, despite all evidence to the contrary, most DGUs are never reported anywhere. Let's be even more generous and say that 90 percent don't – no, hell, let's be incredibly generous and say that 99 percent don't. Only one out of a hundred is reported. Let's continue on our generosity binge and suppose that all of those that do occur, whether reported or not, are genuinely defensive; let's assume that the defender was an innocent victim, and did absolutely nothing to provoke the incident, and that the use of armed force was necessary and indispensable. Even so, that would amount to, at the very most, some 200,000 DGUs.
Meanwhile, guns are used to commit crimes at least 400,000 times per year in the U.S. This is not a generous guess. It's not a presumption. It's not a projection based on a skewed survey posing as a “study”. It's a bona fide, hard statistic. So do guns really make us safer? Do the math.
The mentality of the American gun culture reflects what I call the Cocoanut Grove Syndrome — a scenario in which the response to a perceived threat does more harm than the threat itself. The Cocoanut Grove was a popular nightclub in Boston during the 1930s and 1940s.. Then one night in 1942, it was the scene of one of the deadliest fires in U.S. history, killing 492 people.
Thing is, most of them probably could have made it out, except that in the stampede toward the exit, they all crowded against the doors, some of which opened inward, and as a result the doors were jammed. The victims' own panic, in other words, was more deadly than the fire itself. Because of this tragedy, new fire and building regulations were adopted nationwide, sparing many lives in the future – and in the process dealing a crushing blow to those who ardently believe that government interference invariably makes things worse.
A pyromaniac might smugly insist that fires don't kill, people do; but it's a pointless point. However you choose to apportion blame, the fire was certainly an integral element of the tragedy. Furthermore, fire regulations, like firearm regulations, are designed to be followed by people, not by their implements of destruction.
Like the panicked patrons at the Cocoanut Grove, gun fanatics perceive a real or imagined danger, namely, the threat of armed criminals, and in their panic they believe that the solution is to rush the door — the door of the local gun dealer. Each looks after what appears to be their or their own interests, unmindful of the fact that selfish interests add up to mob action. Each is convinced that they or they will be the exception who successfully defeats the overwhelming odds of making it to safety through the packed masses. But that's not quite how things have been turning out.
1 Start watching Mets games. Pay attention to the whole game, don't drift in and out. Decide which player you like the most by watching the plays they make on the field and their interviews after the game (their personality is important too!).
2 Learn about the Mets history (they won the World Series in 1969 and 1986, were created in 1962, etc) and research some team trivia. This can help you hold your own in conversations with even lifelong die-hards.
3 Buys a Mets jersey (or T-shirt if price is a concern) to show your team pride as you go about your day.
4 Have conversations with other Mets fans. This can result in a sharing of enthusiasm about the team, or during the club's worse hours: a shared sorrow. Regardless of which feeling it is, it is better to not go through it alone.
5 Get tickets to see the Mets at Citi Field, if you can manage to make the trip. Tickets can be purchased directly from the Mets online, at the stadium box office in person, or from a secondhand ticket seller such as StubHub. Getting to a game can be a great way to spend time with Mets fan friends you have, or to meet new friends who support the Mets! Tickets can be purchased directly from the Mets online, at the stadium box office in person, or from a secondhand ticket seller such as StubHub.
6 Know the current team. Don't be the guy or girl that talks about their love for the Mets but doesn't know who David Wright is. Go to mets.com or a similar site, and look up the current roster. For the key players, know some crucial tidbits (name, position, basic stats) to help you hold your own in conversations about the team.
7 Watch or listen to as many games as possible, and always stay in the know team-wise so you can intelligently discuss the Mets with fellow Mets fans.
8 Get to as many games as possible. See the team whenever you can. If you live in the Eastern Seaboard of the United States, you may have the chance to relatively easily see the Mets in cities such as Philadelphia, Washington DC, Boston, and Baltimore. Take advantage of these opportunities if they come about.
9 Stay calm after Mets losses. Don't be the guy shouting on Twitter about how the Mets ABSOLUTELY MUST TRADE players x, y, and z after said players came up short. Be rational.
Intro: Why I chose Node.js over Ruby on Rails
After a period of web development using PHP and later on Ruby on Rails, I have decided to put all my eggs in Node.js basket. Here's why.
Sagi Isha Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 28, 2013
First a disclaimer: this title isn't meant to ignite flames. It's just my subjective point of view based on my personal experience. Like a lot of people, I have been enjoying web development, front and backend, for a couple of years now. Backend-wise I started off with ASP somewhere in the early 2000's, and later on moved to PHP and then to Ruby on Rails (3) by 2010. Now I have settled on Node.js and I finally feel at home. Here are my reasons why.
One Language to Rule Them All
Firstly, and most importantly for me, I really love Javascript. It's the first web development language I learned as a teenage web junkie, and it has been following me throughout my career ever since. Being a mostly client-side language at the time, JS and I swiftly became good friends. I know, and you don't have to spell it out for me, it has all kind of flaws. Some of them are even ridiculous, but you can surely understand my excitement in this case when Javascript was introduced by Node as a backend web server, making it now possible to compile a complete project with just one programming language, share modules, enjoy it's flexibility and quickly enhance it's open source community. Although by that time I felt comfortable enough with both PHP and Ruby, these new options were undeniably appealing. But not only them.
Keep it Simple, Keep it Fast
I have to admit it. I have a fetish for keeping web-apps as simple and as lightweight as possible. Sometimes at the price of ridding off fancy front-end enhancements, sometimes at the price of dismissing resource-expensive packages or frameworks on the server. I always recommend my clients to keep it simple and lean, not to say minimalistic. The site you are reading this post in is a good example.
So, to further fuel my enthusiasm, Node.js has brought along with it a couple of characteristics I felt mesmerizing. Firstly, based on Google's V8, it was blazing fast. You could feel it instantly, locally (as part of TDD) and remotely, other stacks just didn't compete. I won't diss other environments (I have the utmost respect for each of them), nor begin a configuration discussion but just approach it as is: in it's category, Node is really really fast. Moreover, and even more importantly, non-blocking I/O was just spot on maximizing CPU utilization and ridding off known bottlenecks, leading the way to a excellent performance handling a vast array of concurrent connections and runtime sockets. I knew it was home run (also see “What is Node.js” on StackOverflow).
I Come to you at the Turn of the Tide
But not everything is shiny and dandy, of course, and that has to be said. Mostly, for now, the feeling is although Node's community is spreading and growing immensely, it's still not as mature as other communities, Rails' for example. Node itself is not even at 1.0, not that it lets anyone disregard it, but it needs mentioning. And although the community has widely adopted the robust Express to be a fundamental scaffold in most projects and packages, there's still a big debate and confusion on to which would be the next ultimate framework that allow cohesive MVC or Realtime development. There are a few runner ups (a great list could be found here, my personal favorite being CompoundJS), but all-in-all efforts are being scattered around, and while it has some advantages like a wide variety of NPM packages to choose from and the opportunity to compose your own ideal stack, some unity is somewhat lacking.
My Precious
I enjoy developing in Node, and I know I'm sticking to it. I knew it from the first time I laid eyes on it, or wrote my first asynchronous I/O backend function. This was just a brief overview of little of my most immediate insights when it comes to this topic. I could, and I would, elaborate in the future about other great assets provided by Node and it's diverse and active community (like Grunt, Moment.js, MEAN.io and many other powerful tools).
In my upcoming posts I will also discuss the beauty of CoffeeScript turning “callback hell” into callback heaven (especially comfortable for RoR developers), reasons why I chose being a freelancer over a full-time employee and it's pros and cons, and why front-end development is (now) harder than backend development. Stay tuned.
The U.S. Supreme Court has temporarily blocked some elements of Texas' House Bill 2, which puts new restrictions on abortion clinics in the state. Abortion providers say the rules in question, which were to go into effect July 1, would have forced as many as 10 abortion clinics to close.
That would have left Texas with as few as eight abortion clinics, mostly in big cities.
Abortion clinics are challenging the law's requirements that they upgrade their facilities to meet the hospital-like standards of “ambulatory surgical centers.” Plaintiffs are also challenging the requirement that doctors at abortion clinics have admitting privileges at a hospital within 30 miles of their clinic – though that provision was only challenged in the case of two clinics in McAllen and El Paso.
A lower court mostly upheld those requirements. The plaintiffs appealed to the Supreme Court.
Gov. Greg Abbott distributed a written statement after the ruling, saying they were confident the Supreme Court would ultimately uphold the abortion law.
“HB 2 was a constitutional exercise of Texas' lawmaking authority that was correctly and unanimously upheld by the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. Texas will continue to fight for higher-quality healthcare standards for women while protecting our most vulnerable – the unborn," Abbott said.
Today's stay of the new rules is temporary, while the Supreme Court decides whether it will hear the case. If it declines, the restrictions will be allowed to go into effect.
PROVIDENCE, R.I. — They'd waited all year for this chance. Only half of them would make it past the first test.
No grins. Nervousness flickered. A little fear. Some showed determination.
Saturday was the first day of the agility tests for the 68th Providence Police Training Academy — and the beginning of winnowing down a pool of 2,217 applicants for an academy class of 32 people. The 100 or so applicants inside the gym at the Providence Career and Technical Academy were invited to begin the tests because they were the first to apply, going back a year, long before there was even a plan for an academy.
They wanted it that badly.
Sit-ups, push-ups, a mile-and-a-half run and a 300-meter sprint; they had to perform perfectly as determined by their gender and age. Instructors, unsmiling, gave no ground. "If you're going to vomit, there are trash cans. Do not vomit on my track," ordered Officer Jose Pineda.
Chief Hugh T. Clements Jr. said he's seen how other police departments have struggled with recruitment drives, especially "in this atmosphere of policing." But Providence's recruitment drive surpassed expectations.
There are more applicants than in 2013 — with 2,217, up from 2,159. There are more minority candidates: 47.1 percent, up from 44.2 percent, with those identifying themselves as Hispanic and Latino making up the largest number of minorities. More women have applied, up to 348 from 297.
The city lowered the eligibility age for applicants to 18 to expand the pool, and gained 60 applicants under 21. There is no age limit, although police are required to retire at 63.
The department has been holding orientation sessions for interested candidates, where the police explain the testing process and what to expect. Nearly 200 people attended the first two sessions, and a third is scheduled for Thursday. Clements said they tell the applicants that they commend their interest. It's a tough time to be in law enforcement, they said.
"Police officers are being vilified because of recent situations around the country, and they're second-guessed and Monday-morning-quarterbacked based on what they want to do," Clements said.
"But those who are certainly dedicated really want it."
The city has budgeted for a 32-member academy, expected to start in March and run for six months. That could change, depending on retirements and vacancies, as 125 officers will be eligible for retirement when the contract expires in June. The current roster has 425 officers.
The agility tests, which will continue through October, are expected to cut the pool of applicants in half. Those who make it will go on to the written tests, and those who pass will undergo background checks, psychological tests and oral exams.
Some in the group Saturday had tried to join the department before. Some had been through the Explorers program, looking to make a teenage dream a reality.
"I'm seeing hungry people, people who really want to serve," said Maj. Francisco Colon.
The sessions ended Saturday with some quietly leaving; a few push-ups or lost seconds on the track eliminating their hopes.
Only a few will make the cut.
—amilkovi@providencejournal.com
(401) 277-7213
On Twitter @AmandaMilkovits
We love Christmas at PC Gamer. Well, that's not entirely true. We love playing PC Games, and we end up doing a lot of that at Christmas. We love Christmas by association.
To celebrate, we've created three bespoke Christmassy wallpapers for you to download. Unless you've got three monitors (as discussed in the most recent PC Gamer US podcast ) you'll only be able to use one at a time. Set your wallpapers to rotate if you can't decide. Don't know how to do that? Just use the first one.
Disregard Relatives
800x600 , 1024x768 , 1280x960 , 1280x1024 , 1600x1200 , 1680x1050 , 1920x1200 , 1920x1080
Deck The Halls
800x600 , 1024x768 , 1280x960 , 1280x1024 , 1600x1200 , 1680x1050 , 1920x1200 , 1920x1080
Happy Steam Sale Season
800x600 , 1024x768 , 1280x960 , 1280x1024 , 1600x1200 , 1680x1050 , 1920x1200 , 1920x1080
Although nobody knows exactly where Donald Trump intends to go with their campaign of seeking confrontation with Iran, their administration already has provided disconcerting parallels with the techniques an earlier U.S. administration used in selling its launching of a war against Iraq. Among these techniques is the cherry-picking of intelligence not to inform policy-making or to enlighten the public but instead to inculcate false perceptions among the public and thereby to muster support for a policy already chosen.
The parallels have become remarkably close as the Trump administration has tried to get people to believe there is some sort of cooperation and common purpose between Iran and al-Qaeda. The president made this insinuation in their speech on Iran in October. Then their CIA director, Mike Pompeo, ordered a tendentious re-exploitation of already exploited documents captured in the raid at Abbottabad, Pakistan that killed Osama bin Laden. This time the purpose was to find any possible connection between bin Laden's group and Iran. Pompeo took the highly unusual step of giving an advance look at the selected documents to an advocacy organization: the Foundation for Defense of Democracies (FDD), a leader of efforts to kill the agreement that limits Iran's nuclear program.
FDD duly did its part in the insinuation by highlighting a single document that it depicted as suggesting some sort of Iranian assistance to al-Qaeda. This was despite the fact that the thrust of the Abbottabad documents as far as Iran is concerned is that Tehran was in conflict, not cooperation, with al-Qaeda. This remains the judgment of experts who follow the terrorist group closely . Even the very document FDD highlighted did not say what those highlighting it contended it said . It held no evidence of any Iranian assistance to al-Qaeda. This entire effort to manipulate public perceptions has been remarkably similar to the efforts by promoters of the Iraq War to use whatever scraps they could find to suggest that there was, in George W. Bush's words, an “alliance” between the Iraqi regime and al-Qaeda that in fact never existed.
Now Colum Lynch and Dan De Luce at Foreign Policy report that the White House, in the latest bit of cherry-picking, “is pressing to declassify intelligence allegedly linking Iran to short-range ballistic missile attacks by Yemeni insurgents against Saudi Arabia”. Our antennae ought to be raised very high regarding the motives and reality lying behind anything that comes out of this attempt to manipulate public perceptions.
Imagine that, in a parallel universe that Donald Trump did not inhabit, the White House was sincerely trying to help the public understand whatever was the foreign policy problem at hand. The problem in this case is the Yemeni civil war, which originated with discontent among northern tribes about how their interests were treated by the central government. The education of the public would note that large-scale intervention led by Saudi Arabia—which has a long history of conflict with, and demographic and security concerns about, Yemen—turned the civil war into bigger carnage. An aerial assault by Saudi Arabia and its ally the United Arab Emirates, together with a Saudi-imposed blockade, has further turned Yemen into a humanitarian catastrophe.
Meanwhile, some Iranian assistance reportedly has gone from Iran to the principal northern tribe, known as the Houthis. By any reasonable account, the physical impact of any such aid is minor compared to the Saudi military offensive. The lesson to the public might note that the Houthis have been among the staunchest adversaries of al-Qaeda's branch in Yemen. It might also note that the Houthis have been allied for most of the war with former president Ali Abdullah Saleh, who during more than three decades in power became known as America's man in Yemen.
The Saudi air war has devastated Yemen. Is it any surprise that those now in power in the Yemeni capital of Sana (i.e., the Houthi-led coalition) would try to get off a few shots at Saudi Arabia in response? Should we even condemn this effort to strike back, any more than the much bigger strikes in the other direction?
The Trump administration's efforts to highlight this one facet of a much larger war serve two of its objectives. One is to continue its overall campaign to pin on Iran all blame for any mayhem in the Middle East. The other is to distract as much attention as possible from the indefensible U.S. support (which began during the previous administration) for the Saudi offensive against Yemen. Meanwhile, the cherry-picking conveys to the public a false impression of what the Yemeni war is all about and what has caused it to take the shape that it has.
Lynch and De Luce report that the effort by the Trump White House to make public cherry-picked intelligence about Houthi-fired missiles is intended to influence not just a domestic audience but also opinion at the United Nations. Here is yet another parallel with the selling of the Iraq War. Specifically, it evokes the presentation to the Security Council in February 2003 by Secretary of State Colin Powell, who—against Powell's own better judgment and contrary to the judgment of the U.S. intelligence community—laid out some scraps intended to persuade people that the non-existent alliance between Iraq and al-Qaeda really existed.
Such misuse of intelligence means foreign policy is being made on the basis of badly mistaken premises. The public sales job makes the misunderstanding all the worse, both because misperceptions are infused into a larger audience and because salespersons who are strongly committed to their cause—as was the case with the chief promoters of the Iraq War—come to believe their own propaganda.
The misuse also represents a subversion of the proper function of the intelligence agencies. Intelligence is supposed to inform policymakers to help them in making decisions they have not yet made. The agencies do not exist to be tools to sell publicly policy that already has been made.
The Trump administration is not the first to commit such misuse, but the misuse fits a pattern of how Trump has handled other government departments and agencies. That pattern, featuring many fox-running-the-henhouse senior appointments, has been one of subverting rather than executing the mission of agencies.
Image: Reuters
HONG KONG (Reuters) - Filming themselves torturing and killing a young Indonesian woman, British investment banker Rurik Jutting veered between boasting, remorse and describing the pleasure they derived from sexually brutalizing the first of two victims.
File photo of Rurik George Caton Jutting, a British banker charged with two counts of murder after police found the bodies of two women in their apartment, sitting in the back row of a prison bus as they arrive at the Eastern Law Courts in Hong Kong November 24, 2014. REUTERS/Bobby Yip/File Photo
Footage taken from four hours of recordings on Jutting's mobile phone formed the core of the prosecution opening on the second day of a murder trial in Hong Kong that has grabbed global attention.
The 31-year-old Cambridge University graduate has admitted killing Sumarti Ningsih, a 23-year-old single mother, and another Indonesian woman, Seneng Mujiasih, in their luxury high-rise apartment two years ago.
But they have pleaded not guilty to murder on grounds of “diminished responsibility”, while pleading guilty to the lesser crime of manslaughter.
The four women and five men on the jury clenched their jaws and, at times, diverted their eyes as they endured an opening 20-minute segment of the torture of Ningsih. Tears welled up in the eyes of one middle aged male juror.
Appearing topless, overweight and unshaven, Jutting appeared on camera, at times showing Ningsih's body, and spoke with chilling calm in a series of monologues that they described as “narcissistic ramblings”.
While the video was not shown to the public in the courtroom, journalists covering the trial could hear the audio.
“I just killed someone, first person I ever killed, I cut their throat in the bathroom ... to be precise I cut their throat while they were bending over licking dirty toilet bowl,” they said.
Jutting, who had held a high flying job at Bank of America in Hong Kong before their arrest, at one point filmed themselves taking cocaine as they explained how they tortured Ningsih.
“I treated them as a non person, a sex object. And that turned me on.”
Bespectacled and wearing pale blue shirt, Jutting was flanked by three police officers as they watched what they had done on a video recording a judge said had been found on their iPhone.
Jutting, who had attended Winchester College, one of Britain's most prestigious private schools, shut their eyes, sometimes covering their face with their hand rather than look at the screen in front of him.
BRITISH SCHOOLGIRLS
Jutting used a belt, sex toys, a pair of pliers and their fists to torture Ningsih over three days before eventually slitting their throat with a serrated-edged knife, according to the prosecution.
On the recording, Jutting spoke in a relaxed, soft voice as they taunted, bullied and mutilated Ningsih, a single mother who had been visiting Hong Kong on a tourist visa.
“It's better than being beaten isn't it? Do not cry, take it like a good girl,” Jutting said as they described how they were going to put their fist into them
Jutting called their victim ‘Alice' as they tormented them
While threatening to cut off their nipples they calmly said: “This doesn't really hurt does it? You deserve some water don't you? Just one more before some water.”
After that video, others showing Jutting and Ningsih's mutilated, naked body were screened in an open courtroom.
In one, Jutting spoke of a “fantasy” to kidnap three teenaged girls from Wycombe Abbey, a girls' boarding school in High Wycombe, a town northwest of London.
As they listened to that passage, Jutting shook their head in the courtroom while holding a hand over theirs face.
In one scene they urinated into a beer glass as they expressed fears of being jailed in Hong Kong, planning to return to Britain to co-operate with authorities.
In another, they played the song Disturbia by pop artist Rihanna as they lay out freshly purchased hardware store “goodies” they plot to use on another victim - a hammer, and nails, pins and sandpaper.
DEPRESSED AT WORK
Prior to the jury selection on Monday, Deputy High Court Judge Michael Stuart-Moore warned potential jurors that if they were unable to cope with viewing extreme violence they should excuse themselves.
The defense and prosecution were largely in agreement over the physical evidence, Stuart-Moore had advised the jurors on the first day of the trial.
They told them that the outcome could rest on psychiatric and psychological testimony to determine whether it was a case of murder or manslaughter.
Murder carries a mandatory life sentence, while manslaughter carries a maximum of life though a shorter sentence can be set.
The women's bodies were found in Jutting' s apartment after they had called police.
Ningsih's remains were discovered in a suitcase on the balcony, while the body of the second victim, 26-year-old Seneng Mujiasih, was found inside with wounds to their neck and buttocks, the prosecutor told the court.
Mujiasih, a domestic helper, was working in a bar when they met Jutting, according to the prosecution.
Jutting, who spoke of their addiction to drugs and alcohol, also alluded several times to paying for sex, and referred to Ningsih as their prostitute. At one point they moved the camera to show their large belly and lowers it to glimpse their genitals.
“Killing them may have been kindness, living with that would have haunted her,” they are heard saying.
As they prepared to hide the body in a suitcase Jutting questions whether they have a problem as they feel excited.
Soon after their arrest in November, 2014 Bank of America had said Jutting had worked there until recently, but did not say exactly when or why they left. A spokesperson for the bank declined to comment when contacted by Reuters on Tuesday.
Jutting spoke of their role as the bank's vice president and head of Structured Equity Finance & Trading (Asia) and expressed “job depression”.
Slideshow (3 Images)
During one section Jutting remarks that after killing Ningsih, they felt most guilty about not being in the office to close a “financing deal for a literally soulless project.”
“Newly unemployed, soon to be unemployed, part time rapist and murderer,” they say after musing over future plans to kidnap, torture and rape young girls.
(Refiles to fix victim's name, paragraph 18, name of singer and song, paragraph 22)
INDIANAPOLIS, In -- (WTHR-TV) - Indianapolis - Mayor Greg Ballard says the city's police department needs to change, starting with some new rules. Ballard spoke to several hundred people Saturday afternoon on the south side of Indianapolis before the start of the Miracle Mile Parade on Madison Avenue. Before announcing policy changes, the mayor took a moment to reflect on the crash that sparked the latest investigation. "I'd like to pause for a moment of silence in the memory of Eric Wells and to place Kurt Weekly, Mary Mills and their families in our thoughts and in our prayers," Ballard said.Officer David Bisard, the IMPD patrolman who caused the fatal accident August 6, was never mentioned by name. They face felony charges in connection with the crash that killed Wells and has left the two other riders hospitalized. DUI-related charges were dropped after it was discovered that proper procedure was not followed for the blood draw, which determined that Bisard's blood alcohol content was .19 two hours after the crash. It was clear the mayor is making changes in light of the crash and the fallout from it. "We must use this tragedy to refocus our energies on a better police department and a better Indianapolis," Ballard said. "Civilian trust is essential and trust has been badly shaken. I am committed to restoring trust and public safety is the number one job of my administration."
The police has been dealing with several incidents that have angered the public this year, including the botched investigation into Officer Bisard. Other cases have also caused some community leaders to call for change, including the beating arrest of a 15-year-old boy earlier this summer. One officer involved in that case was fired for using excessive force. Another IMPD officer is facing felony charges for firing a gun during a domestic dispute. Safety Director Frank Straub announced a new intitative to improve policies and training last week. On Saturday, the mayor outlined several steps that will be taken to reform some policies of IMPD.
Breathalyzers will be used at the scene of any crash involving an officer that results in bodily harm. The policy of officers not being allowed to purchase alcohol while in uniform will be extended to a ban of alcohol being transported in marked or unmarked police vehicles. Officers will not be allowed to consume alcohol within eight hours of the beginning of their shift. Ballard went on further to say that there will be a 'zero tolerance policy' toward alcohol use while officers are duty and that it is the duty of officers to report suspected substance abuse. "What the mayor said is good. They all need to be done," said Police Chief Paul Ciesielski. "Policy first, practice, training, that will all make us a better police department."
When Ballard was elected, they ran on a platform of making public safety job one. Now, they say their most important job is restoring the public's trust in the police department. The new rules and regulations at IMPD are part of making that happen. "This is just the beginning. This whole process is just that, it's a process that's going to take time," Straub said. While much needs to change, the mayor said IMPD is making great strides, reducing violent crime by 13 percent and cutting the homicide rate to the lowest it has been in two decades. "The vast, the vast majority of the officers that wear the IMPD uniform never make the headlines," Ballard said. "They never make the headlines, unless it's because of an act of bravery, or that they've made that ultimate sacrifice for all of us."
Officials are hoping the focus will shift to laws being enforced instead of those enforcing them. The public safety director says more policy changes will be announced in the coming weeks. IMPD is also in the process of re-writing its general orders.
If the 21 undrafted players who agreed to free-agent contracts with the Atlanta Falcons on Monday need inspiration, they can go chat with new teammate Taylor Gabriel.
The 5-foot-8-inch, 165-pound wide receiver was in the same predicament following the 2014 draft, when they were overlooked coming out of Texas' Abilene Christian University. Gabriel didn't even watch the draft that year as fourth-overall pick Sammy Watkins (Buffalo) was the first receiver of the board and 244th pick Jeremy Gallon (New England) was the last. Gallon went on to play in the Arena League.
Atlanta's 2017 Undrafted Free Agents Player Pos. College Travis Averill C Boise State Marcelis Branch S Robert Morris Daniel Brunskill OL San Diego St. Deante Burton WR Kansas State Reginald Davis III WR Texas Tech Darius English LB South Carolina Wil Freeman OT Southern Miss. Jarnor Jones CB Iowa State J'terius Jones DE Miami (Ohio) Cam Keizur C Portland State Andreas Knappe OT UConn Robert Leff G Auburn Josh Magee WR South Alabama Quincy Mauger S Georgia Jordan Moore S Texas-San Ant. Chris Odom DE Arkansas State Tyler Renew FB The Citadel Taylor Reynolds CB James Madison Christian Tago LB San Jose State Alek Torgersen QB Penn Deron Washington S Pittsburgh State
"I was just very anxious and just didn't know where I was going to get picked up or if I was going to get picked up," Gabriel said. "I didn't get any calls the last day (of the draft). I got calls like the next day."
Gabriel eventually received inquiries from the Cleveland Browns, New York Jets, Oakland Raiders, and the Falcons.
"It wasn't an undrafted contract, it was more of a tryout basis," Gabriel said of those calls. "I had to chose where I was going to try out. And I just felt like (Cleveland) would give me the best opportunity to show my talents."
As the story went, Gabriel impressed the Browns enough to not only stick, but evolve into a big contributor as a rookie with 36 catches for 621 yards and a touchdown. Gabriel spent two seasons in Cleveland before being released, a move the Browns said they regretted. Then they were claimed by the Falcons off waivers before last season to reunite with their former offensive coordinator in Cleveland, current San Francisco coach Kyle Shanahan.
Now "Turbo Taylor" has become a household name with their blazing speed and video game-like moves. They tied All-Pro Julio Jones for the team lead with six touchdown receptions last season and added another score on the ground. Gabriel averaged 42.7 yards per touchdown reception.
The Falcons placed the second-round tender on Gabriel as a restricted free agent, which they knew would keep teams from trying to swoop in and sign them to an offer sheet. Gabriel eventually signed the one-year tender worth $2.746 million for the 2017 season.
"I felt like I just got drafted in the second round," Gabriel said. "I'm not undrafted anymore. I just feel like I'm blessed to even have this opportunity."
Although Gabriel did not sign their tender immediately, they did arrive for the start of offseason workouts and signed an injury waiver.
"On the contract aspect, that's really not my job," Gabriel said. "That's what I have agents for. That's something they have to deal with and something they have to see eye to eye on. But contracts and second-rounder tenders and me showing up on time, that's nothing that I had to second-guess. It was more for the brotherhood, and the thing we have going with the Falcons, and I love being a Falcon."
If they continue to produce like they did last season, Gabriel will find themselves with a richer, longer-term deal sooner than later -- just like undrafted teammate Ryan Schraeder did last year with a five-year, $33 million extension. The next phase for Gabriel is just continuing to be an asset.
"A lot of people don't know my history and if they knew my history, they'd know my rookie year I actually had more receiving yards," Gabriel said. "I did end my rookie year third in the league in yards per catch. So last year wasn't my first year having a great season. It's not like it's something I haven't done on multiple occasions. I know my talents and I know what I can do, because I did it the past three years of just being consistent."
As for their message to the incoming undrafted players, it's simple.
"It doesn't matter what path you take," Gabriel said. "It's when you get the opportunity, make sure you take advantage of it."
I got myself a second-hand Samsung Galaxy S at last, and started hacking on it!
The very first thing I wanted to try was porting the OpenGL wikibook C++ samples, that we wrote with OpenGL ES 2 in mind.
I started writing a minimal GLUT-compatible wrapper to run the samples as-is, using the Android NDK, and I'm making progress :) The Android NDK is getting nicer with Android 2.3, though it still feels less supported than Java apps (e.g. the resize events seem buggy and the keycodes header is incomplete...). Nonetheless, it's nice to be able to write C++ portable apps.
You can see how to use the wrapper, and how it works internally, at:
http://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/OpenGL_Programming/Installation/Android
One of the limitations is that GLES2 is not a true subset of OpenGL 2.1, in particular:
the shader version is declared differently (#version 100 vs. #version 120)
GLES2 shaders require float precision hints, but OpenGL 2.1 doesn't support them at all
I needed to pre-process these differences away, checking on GL_ES_VERSION_2_0 in the C++ source code to define a GLES2 macro in the shaders:
#ifdef GLES2 varying lowp vec4 f_color ; # else varying vec4 f_color ; #endif
Is there a better way?
A vote in tomorrow's presidential election could be viewed one of two ways.
It's either the culmination of months of weighing the arguments on countless issues and making a choice based on a commingling of knowledge and personal principle.
Or you voted Republican or Democratic because, to paraphrase accidental pundit Lady Gaga, you were born that way.
Okay, in the spirit of punditry, the latter is a bit of an oversimplification, but it does reflect the thinking of an emerging field called political neuroscience. Its focus has been on using brain scans to see if people of different political persuasions are different all the way done to their genes.
Or put more bluntly, do their brains work differently?
Right brain, left brain
The latest research came out last week, a study at the University of South Carolina that concluded that the brains of self-identified Democrats and Republicans aren't hard-wired the same.
Specifically, the scientists found more neural activity in areas of the brain believed to be linked with broad social connectedness in Democrats (friends, the world at-large) and more activity in areas linked with tight social connectedness in the Republicans (family, country).
This was in line with what previous studies have suggested, that people who say they're Democrats tend to take a more global view on issues while those who call themselves Republicans tend to see things through more of an American filter.
But the findings also ran counter to previous research suggesting Democrats are, by biological nature, more empathetic souls than Republicans. Not so, according to the South Carolina study; it's just that Republicans are more likely to focus their empathy on family members or people they know.
That's your amygdala talking
If case you missed it, a study that stirred up much debate last year–done at University College in London–likewise zeroed in on apparent links between political beliefs and brain biology. It found that research subjects who considered themselves conservative tended to have larger amygdala, the section of the brain in the temporal lobes that plays a major role in the processing of emotions.
Self-defined liberals, meanwhile, generally had a larger volume of gray matter in the anterior cingulate cortex, a part of the brain associated with coping with uncertainty and handling conflicting information.
One of the study's authors, Ryota Kanai, cautioned against jumping to conclusions. The scientists found nothing to indicate that political orientation is encoded in the brain, or that brain structure alone can shape the way you vote. But this kind of research, they noted, suggests political beliefs may not develop solely from social experience, that they also could have biological roots.
I think, therefore I scan
Of course, not everyone is impressed with this line of inquiry. Plenty of critics deride the increasing value given to brain scans as scientific evidence. Steven Poole, writing recently on the New Statesman website, referred to it as “neurobollocks.” They argued:
“The human brain, it is said, is the most complex object in the known universe. That a part of it “lights up” on an fMRI scan does not mean the rest is inactive; nor is it obvious what any such lighting-up indicates; nor is it straightforward to infer general lessons about life from experiments conducted under highly artificial conditions.”
And you can guess how this kind of research plays out in the political arena–from liberals claiming it shows they are, by biological definition, rational thinkers who embrace science and are open to outsiders and new ideas, to conservatives saying it reinforces their belief that their principles are deep and heartfelt and that they really are born patriots.
Or consider Chris Mooney, a writer who's been tilling this ground for a while. Generally, they make the case, as they did in a piece for The Atlantic earlier this year, that it's important to understand that our brain wiring plays a role in why we can seem “impervious to facts, logic, and reason” from the other side. But then their book on the subject came out with a title that didn't exactly genuflect to scientific impartiality: The Republican Brain: The Science of Why They Deny Science–and Reality.
Can't we all just get along?
Okay, so let's assume that there is a connection between biology and belief. You can bet political consultants will be all over this, looking for ways to refine messages and ads so they tap right into the brains of their party faithful.
Andrea Kuszewski, a researcher who has written about political neuroscience, would rather put a positive spin on what it could mean for politics. They say this kind of knowledge could help open up communication, or at least ease hostility between the country's two major political parties.
“Each side is going to have to recognize that not everyone thinks like them, processes information like them, or values the same types of things,” they wrote last week. “With the state our country is in right now, I don't think we have any choice but to cowboy up and do whatever needs to be done in order to reach some common ground.”
But Roger Newman-Norlund, author of the South Carolina study mentioned above, believes that while having people of opposing parties understand why they don't think alike is a good start, he's not expecting a kumbaya moment any time soon.
“The brain differences could be a result of genetics, experiences, or a combination of both,” they said. “It takes a lot of effort to see the other side and we're not going to wake up one day and all start getting along.”
Political nature
Here's other recent research into the psychology and politics:
Just don't shake their baby's hand: According to a new study published in the Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience, scientific evidence supports what every politician knows — people like and trust you more if you shake their hand.
According to a new study published in the Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience, scientific evidence supports what every politician knows — people like and trust you more if you shake their hand. Why didn't someone tell the campaigns about this?: A study at the University of Miami came to the conclusion that negative ads are most effective if they're used in moderation. If they air too often, at least according to the research, they can bring a backlash.
A study at the University of Miami came to the conclusion that negative ads are most effective if they're used in moderation. If they air too often, at least according to the research, they can bring a backlash. Text me maybe: Ten percent of people who donated to the presidential campaigns this year did so on their cell phones. Analysis by the Pew Research Center's Internet and American Life Project also found that also found that Democrats were more likely to contribute to President Obama's campaign either online or through a cellphone, while supporters of Republican Mitt Romney tended to donate through traditional mail, by phone or in person.
Ten percent of people who donated to the presidential campaigns this year did so on their cell phones. Analysis by the Pew Research Center's Internet and American Life Project also found that also found that Democrats were more likely to contribute to President Obama's campaign either online or through a cellphone, while supporters of Republican Mitt Romney tended to donate through traditional mail, by phone or in person. Right face: Using a computer program called FaceGen, UCLA researchers concluded that Republican members of congress look more “feminine” than their Democratic counterparts.
Using a computer program called FaceGen, UCLA researchers concluded that Republican members of congress look more “feminine” than their Democratic counterparts. The height stuff: In case you didn't realize it, the taller presidential candidate has won 58 percent of the time. Mitt Romney is 6'2, Barack Obama is 6'1.
Video bonus:When was the last time your toured your brain? Here's a chance to get inside your head.
Video bonus bonus: And here are 10 things the brain does that it won't help you understand.
More from Smithsonian.com
Beauty of the Brain
The Allure of Brain Scans
Director: J.C. Chandor.
Screenplay: J.C. Chandor.
Starring: Oscar Isaac, Jessica Chastain, David Oyelowo, Albert Brooks, Alessandro Nivola, Elyes Gabel, Catalina Sandino Morelo, Peter Gerety, Christopher Abbott.
“When it feels scary to jump, that is exactly when you jump, otherwise you end up staying in the same place your whole life, and that I can't do”.
After the impressively talkative Margin Call and the hypnotically silent All Is Lost, the third film from J.C. Chandor had a lot of expectations behind it. However, due to a misjudged marketing campaign, I think many people will be left disappointed with A Most Violent Year. It doesn't have echoes of The Godfather as the trailer would have you believe but is, in fact, a leisurely and low-key criminal affair that will mostly appeal to those who are prepared for it's more personal story.
Abel Morales (Oscar Isaac) is self-made business person who is determined to expand their heating oil organisation. However, someone keeps hijacking their trucks, costing them money and the trust of their local investors. Abel tries to deal with the situation lawfully and non-violently but their no-nonsense wife, Anna (Jessica Chastain) suggests they get tougher on the gangsters and the unions around them before everything he's worked hard for comes crashing down.
The title A Most Violent Year will mislead many when it comes J.C. Chandor's third film. It actually refers to the year (1981) in which it's set, whereby New York had an upsurge of violent crimes. This violence isn't necessarily relevant to film itself and to know this beforehand may allow you to enjoy the film and it's methodical and meticulous approach all the more.
Although this film should certainly not be compared to Francis Ford Coppola's Corleone saga, you can definitely see Oscar Isaac resembling a young Al Pacino. They play their character with the same simmering intensity and intelligence and it's largely due to Isaac's towering performance that the film succeeds in being a mood-piece or a solid character study and less of a mob movie. It's not overly concerned with people getting ‘whacked' or double-crossed but more concerned about business and how our struggling protagonist deals with things in a controlled and dignified manner – despite their righteous indignation. It also doesn't help that their wife is the daughter of a Brooklyn gangster who feels the solution to every problem is a violent one. Keeping them in check is a constant issue, especially when it's played with such verve and dangerous passion by Jessica Chastain. Personally, I'd liked to have seen the leads among the Oscar contenders this year as the work they produce here, is some of their very best.
As well as the performances, the film's look is equally impressive. Bradley Young's gorgeous, desaturated cinematography captures the feel for the time and the city of New York and (as some critics have already pointed out) echoes the gritty early work of Sidney Lumet. It manages to avoid the usual genre clichés and deliver a work of thoughtful suspense. It leaves you hanging and waiting for something to happen but restrains itself from treading a well worn path within the sub-genre and, as a result, ends up succeeding in the very things that it doesn't do.
In hindsight, if Chandor had chosen a different title then they might not have led many viewers into false expectations. However, this is a slow burner and a case of less is more. If you resist the urge to judge the film before seeing it, you'll find it as stylish and refined as the camel-haired apparel that Isaac carries so gallantly.
Mark Walker
Trivia: Albert Brooks's role was originally written for Stanley Tucci and Charlize Theron passed on the role that went to Jessica Chastain. Javier Bardem was cast in the lead role during development. But after some disagreements with the film's direction, Bardem dropped out. After they left the project Chastain wrote director J.C. Chandor an impassioned three page letters asking them to consider Oscar Isaac for the lead role. Chandor replied back almost immediately with an email saying they were already considering Isaac.
Advertisements
Ercolano, in southern Italy, has become the first town to stop paying extortion money to the Camorra. A new freedom fiercely defended by the town's mayor and shopkeepers.
The baker, the mechanic, the gas station owner, the fisherman, the owner of the clothing store, the hairdresser, the barber, the jeweller, the optician, the bar owner... Not even the pastor of the Church of the Santísimo Rosario (Holy Rosary) escaped.
For many years, three generations of residents of Ercolano, a town of 55,000 located 14 kilometres from Naples, have done only one thing: grit their teeth and, without a murmur, stump up extortion money of between 150 and 1,500 euros every month that the members of the local Camorra demanded from the traders, business people and even priests, in exchange for not making their lives impossible.
But that is history now. Ercolano, halfway between the sea and Vesuvius and famous for its Roman ruins, has said "Enough!" and so has become the first town in southern Italy that has dared to give the finger to the mob and refuse to yield to their extortion rackets.
"Ercolano, territory freed of extortion," will defiantly proclaim a sign soon to be put up prominently at the entrance to the town. "We no longer put up with abuses," proudly declare the banners hanging from many shop windows. Quite a provocation, given that, according to the SOS Confesercenti association, extorting “pizzo” – the term for the ‘tax' the Mafia impose on shopkeepers, backed up by threats and intimidation – brings some 10 billion euros each year into the coffers of organised crime in Italy and affects about 160,000 companies.
Turning point came in 2005
"We're free of it now in Ercolano,” says Giuseppe Scognamiglio, Coordinator of Radio Siani, a station that speaks out against the Mafia and for the law. The station began broadcasting in 2009 from offices in what had been the headquarters of a local Camorra boss.
"Just a few years ago, though, life here was very different. Everyone was paying off the Mafia, murders were the order of the day, mobsters were walking down the street armed and driving about in armoured cars mounted with machine guns, and people were literally scared to death."
Ercolano's rebellion against the criminals began in 2004 when, for the first time in the history of the town, an entrepreneur dared to go to the security forces and report that a mobster had come into their shop and demanded money in exchange for not making life difficult for them That bold shopkeeper is a flirtatious blonde lady, Raffaella Ottaviano. "I don't know why, but up until that time they had never tried to extort from me. When that guy came to my shop and told me in a threatening tone that I had to pay up I was afraid, really afraid,” they admit to El Mundo.
"But I thought it was better to close the shop than to live the rest of my life with that fear. So I told the mobster that no, I wouldn't pay him, and I went straight to the police station to report what happened”, they say. “It's better to die once than to die every day.”
The heroic act of Raffaella Ottaviano proved a memorable one. Especially since other business people who had dared to stand up to the Mafia had paid dearly for their audacity. One such was Sofia Ciriello, who owned a bread bakery in the centre of Ercolano. Not only did the gangsters come one day to wave a gun to persuade them it was better to pay, they set off a bomb in their bakery.
The great turning point, though, came in 2005, when a man named Nino Daniele was elected mayor of Ercolano, which was then immersed in a bloody war between two Camorra clans that saw about one killing a week and where traders were being suffocated by the “pizzo”. "I can't give you a figure, but plenty of shops had been forced to close up because they couldn't handle that burden. All the businesses in the town were in crisis. Ercolano was going through an economic and human drama. I had to do something,” the former mayor of the town recalls.
No more murders or guns
Daniele rolled up their sleeves, and for the four years they were mayor worked hard to try to rebuild the trust of the inhabitants of Ercolano in the institutions and in the state. They not only dared to stand up and speak out against the mobsters, marching at the head of numerous popular demonstrations against them, they cancelled each and every municipal contract with companies suspected of being related to the Camorra, began to fight against the real-estate abuses so typical of organised crime, and dared to take part in many civil cases against camorristi...
They also brought in measures to encourage merchants to refuse pay the pizzo, passing for example a law that exempts them from all local taxes for three years in exchange for reporting extortion by the Mafia. And, as if that were not enough, they spearheaded the Ercolano Association against Mafia Extortions, whose president is Raffaella Ottaviano.
The results have been striking: the law enforcement and judicial operations have put around 250 mobsters from Ercolano behind bars today. There are no more murders or guns. A total of 23 local business people who had to pay off the mob have summoned up the courage to denounce 41 members of organised criminal gangs and to take part in the legal actions now underway against them. Paying the “pizzo” is history.
A living copy of Vincent van Gogh's ear has been grown and put on display in a museum in Germany. The Associated Press reports that artist Diemut Strebe took samples from Lieuwe van Gogh, the great-great-grandson to Vincent's brother Theo, after failing to acquire genetic material from the deceased virtuoso. They then shaped the cells into the painter's severed ear with a 3D printer. Strebe says the organ is currently being kept alive in a nourishing fluid and could "theoretically last for years." It's possible for visitors at the exhibit to actually "talk" to the disembodied organ, according to the museum's website. The sounds are processed by software which then stimulates the ear's nerve impulses in real time.
Strebe is looking to create more installations using genetic material from the van Gogh bloodline, and is currently working to include mitochondrial DNA from a female relative. The exhibit is being held at The Center for Art and Media in Karlsruhe and will continue until July 6th.
Sell Your Crap, Pay Off Your Debt, And Do What You Love! This Makes It All Possible!
There's something strange happening around the globe… but it's awesome!
Lifestyles and needs are changing, and consequently, our houses are shrinking. The tiny house movement has blown up in the past few years, shifting the traditional North American housing models towards a more practical, finance-friendly blueprint. The movement is garnering attention from people fed up with the current consumerist/utility-based lifestyle which has placed millions of people in debt. Now, the idea of living your dream is no longer a cliché.
The typical American home is around 2600 square feet, while the typical small or tiny house is around 100-400 square feet. These tiny houses come in all shapes, sizes and forms, focusing on smaller spaces and simplified living. Jay Shafer, tiny house advocate and founder of Four Lights Tiny House Company, says that, unlike sprawling houses, tiny houses demand that their dwellers downsize to the essentials. Shafer states that tiny houses are undiluted reflections of the people who live in them.
“A tiny house is any house in which all the space is being used well,” they say. “When my friends and I founded the Small House Society…that was our definition and we're sticking to it.”
This means that if two people lived in a 300 square foot pad and could call it a tiny house, then 8 people living in a 2000 square foot house could boast the same title. The idea is about simplicity and practical living.
Let's face it, who wants to spend the majority of their youthful years paying off such massive debt? The stress, money, and time wasted paying off a mortgage just isn't worth it. Sure, houses can be a great investment in the long run, but with the sky-rocketing prices of real estate, especially in urban centers, this just isn't an option for most.
Another great perk to the tiny house movement comes with one of its sticky prerequisites: You have to get rid of everything. I'm talking about all the crap you keep jammed in your storage closet, garage, couch, drawers, or under your bed, GOTS-TO-GO! There is a massive liberation with this process, a cleansing of the old in preparation for something completely new, a fresh start that so many yearn for. Our world consumes too much, filling our spaces with décor, gizmos, and junk that only ever ends up in garage sales or, more commonly, the garbage. Living in a tiny house is the perfect incentive to free yourself by de-cluttering.
One of the great features of a tiny house is that you can basically create what you want. There are a plethora of varying design concepts, ranging from country cottage to euro-modern, all with a unique external/internal features. People have gotten really creative in this respect.
A tiny house can cost between $15,000 and $80,000. An experienced builder who has access to great salvaged materials and friends who help out for free could construct a small, simple structure for $15K. If you have a custom tiny home built for you by an experienced builder, and master craftsmanship is the bar, you should budget $80K. According to an infographic by The Tiny Life, the “average” tiny home – built by its owners with some help from friends and some hired help, and with some salvaged materials and some new materials – costs about $23,000.
While not completely off grid, the tiny house offers a fantastic alternative to affordable living, one which benefits not only the homeowner but the planet as well. Less resources are needed to build and maintain these houses, and utilities are extremely affordable compared to the current average costs. Meg Stephens from Tumbleweedhouses.com writes, “I typically spent less than $170 (total) on propane to heat my tiny house during the brutal winters in Iowa. In Olympia, Washington, Dee [her friend] spends an average of $5/month on propane for heating their tiny home.”
Smaller living is the way of the future. It offers us the chance to live without debt, free from the shackles which limit our quality of life. What if you could do what you love instead of having to stress about paying off your house? Contrary to what you've been told, this possibility is real. So what are you waiting for? Sell your crap, pay off your debt, and do what you love!
References:
1.) http://thetinylife.com/what-is-the-tiny-house-movement/
2.) http://www.designboom.com/contemporary/tiny_houses.html
3.) http://www.tumbleweedhouses.com/pages/houses
4.) http://www.tumbleweedhouses.com/pages/utilities
5.) http://padtinyhouses.com/how-much-does-a-tiny-house-cost/
6.) http://tinyhousetalk.com/
Credits: Jeff Roberts, Collective Evolution, where this was originally featured.
According to a new study by The University of Texas at Austin, increasing the diversity of pollinator species, including bees, flies and butterflies, can dramatically increase cotton production. The researchers estimate that in South Texas, the region they studied, increasing the diversity of pollinators could boost cotton production by up to 18 percent, yielding an increase in annual revenue of more than $1.1 million.
A bee pollinates a cotton flower at a Texas field site. Credit: Sarah Cusser.
The research is published in the June 16 issue of the journal Agriculture, Ecosystems & Environment.
South Texas accounts for about 15 percent of the state's cotton production. Because pollinator populations and growing conditions vary across the state, it's difficult to extrapolate statewide. But the researchers say boosting pollinator diversity could be worth several millions of dollars to Texas cotton farmers.
Cotton is the world's most economically valuable nonfood crop. Texas alone produces 25 percent of U.S. cotton.
The researchers also examined what factors increase the diversity and abundance of pollinators in cotton fields. They found that the greater the area of natural land cover — areas not used for farming or ranching — within about 800 feet (or 250 meters) of cotton crops, the more diverse the pollinators that visit the plants.
Based on these findings, the researchers recommend several ways to increase the diversity of pollinators in cotton fields. Farmers can plant a row of wildflowers between rows of their crops or even on the edges of the crop field. In addition, farmers can introduce flowering crops into the crop rotation and reduce pesticide spraying, especially during the daytime.
One of the most important implications of this research is that local government officials "can increase cotton crop yield by supporting habitat for native pollinators," said Shalene Jha, assistant professor of integrative biology and senior author of the study. This gives an economic impetus to municipal projects that protect biodiversity, such as permanent wildflower spaces.
"We've shown that there are multiple benefits to biodiversity," Jha said. "With the right management, cotton farmers can have higher crop yields and support native plants and animals."
In addition to Jha, the study's authors are Sarah Cusser, a Ph.D. candidate at UT Austin; and John Neff, director of the Central Texas Melittological Institute.
The researchers estimate that in Texas, the boost in crop yield due to increased pollinator diversity would translate to an increase in annual revenue of $108 per acre.
The study focused on 12 field sites representing a wide range of landscapes across South Texas, one of four major cotton production regions in the state. The researchers netted pollinators foraging on cotton plants and determined their abundance and diversity; analyzed geographic information system, or GIS, data derived from satellites and other sources to map landscape types; and conducted hand-pollination experiments.
The cotton plant, which produces large flowers that later develop into the white fiber for which it is known, is able to produce cotton without pollinators to a certain extent, mostly by using its own pollen. However, by introducing pollinators, the pollen from one plant is spread to others, and this increases cotton yield significantly.
One key reason that a large diversity of pollinators is beneficial is that cotton blooming does not perfectly coincide with the most active times of the European honeybee, one of the most common pollinator species. Therefore, having a variety of native pollinators would allow more pollen distribution — a necessary step in production of the harvestable cotton bolls.
Despite the fact that preservation of biodiversity and the development of agriculture might seem at odds, this new research shows not only that they can coexist, but that both are necessary to have a healthy economy and ecosystem.
This research was funded in part by the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department, the U.S. Army Research Office, the National Science Foundation, and the Winkler Family Foundation. Work was done in collaboration with the Welder Wildlife Refuge and the Texas A&M AgriLife Extension Service.
The Indiana State police are investigating after the Indiana Secretary of State discovered that thousands of dates of birth and names were changed on voter registrations. This comes as Donald Trump has doubled down their rhetoric that the election is “rigged against” him.
“We ran a report in the Statewide Voter Registration System and found thousands of dates of births and first names were changed,” said Secretary of State Connie Lawson in a press release. “These records were changed on paper forms, at the BMV and online. At this time, my office is not sure why these records were changed, but we have evaluated the Statewide Voter Registration System and have found no indication it has been compromised. We believe this may be a case of voter fraud and have turned our findings over to the State Police, who are currently conducting an investigation into alleged voter fraud.”
Lawson further explained that when voters go to find their registration online, they are required to put in their name, county, and date of birth. If the DOB or name is wrong, they won't be able to find their registration, which will cause them to believe they are no longer registered in the upcoming election.
For voters who may be affected, the Secretary of State says they can still vote in the upcoming election. More information on what to do can be found here.
Indiana State Police are currently investigating the potential voter fraud. This is in addition to another investigation of election tampering which has been extended to include 56 Indiana counties.
Police in Quebec say that when 188,000 households in southern Quebec were without power for two days last December, it wasn't due to bad weather or Hydro equipment malfunctioning.
Police are accusing Normand Dubé, a 53-year-old pilot, of intentionally damaging Hydro-Québec's high tension power lines.
Police say Dubé — a pilot and entrepreneur from Sainte-Anne-des-Plaines — allegedly threw objects on power lines in Mirabel, Wentworth and Brownsburg-Chatham to damage them.
Dubé appeared at the St-Jérôme courthouse Wednesday and pleaded not guilty to the 23 charges against him.
Hydro called police
The blackout, which began on Dec. 4 and continued Dec. 5, mainly affected the greater Montreal area, the Montérégie, the Laurentians, and the Outaouais regions.
At the time, Hydro-Québec spokesperson Serge Abergel told CBC News that the problem occurred when protection devices were tripped on two major transmission lines coming from James Bay. Abergel said Hydro did not know what caused the devices to trip.
Hydro later filed a complaint with police.
Major police probe
According to an extensive police investigation — carried out jointly by the Sûreté du Québec, the Saint-Jérôme police and the intermunicipal police force of Terrebonne — Dubé's suspected acts date back to 2009.
The investigation suggests that Dubé worked with a criminal group to allegedly commit criminal acts from 2009 to 2014 in the areas of St. Jérôme, Sainte-Anne-des-Plaines, Mirabel, Wentworth and Brownsburg-Chatham.
Police investigators looked into a legal case involving the city of Sainte-Anne-des-Plaines and Dubé. In that case, two city employees testified against Dubé.
Following their testimony, both employees suffered damages: one saw their house destroyed in a fire, while the other had a Molotov cocktail thrown in their basement early one morning.
During the police investigation that began in 2014, police confirmed that four suspects were arrested in connection with an arson in Sainte-Anne-des-Plaines — a fire that was at the residence of a city manager.
Since the beginning of the investigation, police have also seized a plane — an AC450 Aerocruise — worth $350,000.
Total of 7 arrests
Police arrested Dubé on Tuesday, along with six other men.
The charges they face include arson, conspiracy, death threats, harassment and vandalising objects worth more than $5,000.
Dubé is scheduled to return to court on June 9 for their bail hearing.
Crown prosecutor Steve Baribeau said they will object to Dubé's release because they believe Dubé poses a safety risk to the public.
"If they were released, the public's trust would be undermined," they said.
KANSAS CITY, MO - DECEMBER 8: The Kansas City Chiefs offensive line and Oakland Raiders offensive line line up before a snap during the second quarter of the game at Arrowhead Stadium during the game on December 8, 2016 in Kansas City, Missouri. (Photo by Peter Aiken/Getty Images)
The Kansas City Chiefs and currently Oakland Raiders will battle for the division lead going into week 14.
The last time the Kansas City Chiefs and Oakland Raiders faced off, we saw one of the worst end-of-game collapses by K.C. this season. The Chiefs allowed a 1- yard completion on 4th and 11 and had 2 costly penalties inside their own 10-yard line that ultimately helped give the Raiders the win.
Perhaps the biggest and more interesting thing in this matchup is the suspension of Marcus Peters. After their meltdown in New York the Chiefs suspended them for one game. Recently signed Darrelle Revis will likely take over for them as the Chiefs left cornerback.
Now let's get into the offensive and defensive matchups for the week. First we'll take a look at the previously mentioned Revis and their matchup with Amari Cooper.
Darrelle Revis vs. Amari Cooper
The last time the Chiefs saw Cooper, the Raiders WR went for a mind boggling 210 yards and 2 touchdowns. Since then, Cooper has only managed 143 yards and 2 touchdowns in 4 games played. Cooper missed week 13 with a concussion, but has since cleared concussion protocol. They were held out of Wednesday practice with an ankle injury. At the time of writing this Cooper had been reported as “hopeful” to return on Sunday.
Revis played just 36 snaps last Sunday against the Jets under a snap count, but should be a full go this week if he's feeling good. In those 36 snaps Revis was in coverage for 19 snaps. During those 19 snaps Revis gave up 3 receptions for 29 yards and allowed a 106.9 NFL rating. Not very impressive for their first outing, but Revis still managed to outperform teammates Terrance Mitchell and Steven Nelson who both gave up over 50 yards and allowed an NFL rating of 116.7 individually. However, Revis did give up two missed tackles in coverage which was more than anyone else on the team. Considering Revis's age and time since their last officially game though it's not too surprising. Hopefully he'll look better with another week of preparations and getting re-acclimated to the game.
Cooper as mentioned before absolutely torched the Chiefs for over 200 yards and 2 touchdowns. But outside of that performance he's been far less than impressive. Cooper currently leads the league in drops despite being 23rd in total targets. Overall Cooper is 30th in the league in QB rating when thrown at with a 72.7 rating, compared to their 101 rating just last season.
This could be a great matchup for Revis still trying to get back into game shape. Cooper is still dealing with a lingering ankle issue and has been an under performer all season long. I've got Revis winning this matchup allowing no more than 30 yards to Cooper.
Tyreek Hill vs. Dexter McDonald
Back in 2016, Hill had zero games with over 100 yards receiving. In 2017, Hill now has three and may be poised for another. In week 13 against the Jets, Hill had the best receiving game of their career with 185 yards and 2 touchdowns on 6 receptions.
After much criticism in the media over the Chiefs' use of Tyreek Hill as more of a decoy and over-usage in screens. We finally got to see more of Hill flying down the field, and boy, was it a sight to see. Hill absolutely torched Rashad Robinson and Morris Claiborne of the Jets for 79 and 40 yards respectively.
This week Hill will be facing the third former Kansas starting cornerback in the AFC West, Dexter McDonald. Of anyone on the Raiders, McDonald may have the best chance of them all to keep up with Hill. They had the 11th highest SPARQ score at the 2015 combine for cornerbacks, the highest on the Raiders. Stats wise McDonald looks less impressive. On their own team, he's 3rd in QB rating allowed and1st in yards per coverage snap. In the league they rank 102nd and 50th in each stat respectively.
On the other side, Hill currently ranks first in QB rating when targeted, and 7th in yards per route run in the NFL. McDonald will have the play their best game ever to really have any chance at containing Hill—that is if Reid/Nagy actually call plays for Hill downfield and Smith throws it to him.
The battle for destiny
The winner of this matchup will control their own destiny to the division crown. If the Raiders win then the week 17 matchups between the Raiders and Chargers may end up deciding the division. This is not where the Chiefs thought they would be after week 5 of the season.
Coming off a win against the hot Houston Texans. The Chiefs were looking forward to finally beating their recent achillies heel in the Pittsburgh Steelers. But fate was not on their side and the Chiefs lost to the Steelers and 5 out of their next 6 opponents. You can blame Alex Smith, Andy Reid, Bob Sutton—whoever you want. The defense, offense, and special teams have all played good, bad, and ugly at times. Injuries, playcalling, and execution issues on all sides have helped lead to an overall inconsistent team.
After returning to form early against the Jets, the Chiefs instead fell apart one more time. This may truly be final chance to show this season isn't lost. Some fans have already given up, and I don't blame anyone. It's been incredibly frustrating watching this team continue to fail to live up to even the lowest expectations. It's been hard to even find the reason to write this article when the feelings of pessimism are so strong.
If the Chiefs lose this matchup their season will be all but completely lost. If they win then perhaps this team may be closer to the 2011 Giants than the 2012 Chiefs. Only time will tell now.
If you liked the article please consider supporting me on Patreon. Thanks for reading!
Nova Scotia's first NDP government has gone down to an overwhelming defeat, falling to just seven seats and a third-place standing in Nova Scotia's legislature. Outgoing premier Darrell Dexter has promised a far-reaching introspection to find the reasons for the defeat, but when one looks at the present situation facing ordinary Nova Scotians, the fact is that the Dexter NDP government ultimately failed to bring about the change expected (and demanded) by youth and workers. This should send a message to the federal NDP on the dangers of moving to the right.
This year's election results could not have been more different than the outcome in 2009, when Dexter became the first NDP premier ever elected in Atlantic Canada. The NDP lost 24 seats in the legislative assembly, putting it behind both the first-place Liberals and opposition Conservatives. The NDP's share of the popular vote in 2013 fell to just under 27%, its lowest share since 1970.
The 2009 election victory came about in spite of an NDP campaign that was short on promises and did everything possible to convince Nova Scotia's business class that the NDP would be responsible managers of the province's finances. The central plank in Dexter's platform was a promise to balance the province's books after years of mismanagement by previous Liberal and Conservative governments. In addition, the NS NDP campaign promised a large number of tax cuts aimed at businesses, in the hope that they would re-invest in the Nova Scotia economy and create badly-needed jobs.
At the time of Dexter's win, we warned that the party was misreading the reasons for their election victory, and that their desire to accommodate themselves to the ruling class would spell doom for the NDP government in Nova Scotia. Working-class Nova Scotians flocked in droves to the NDP because they felt they were voting for something different than the series of Liberal and Conservative governments that had left the province bereft of jobs and opportunities.
Dexter's victory had an important effect within the NDP across the country, giving ammunition to those within the party who believed that the path to an NDP victory lay in “moderating” the party's platform and reaching accommodation with the bosses. Just a couple of months after the NS NDP came to power, the party tops attempted to change the name of the party at the federal NDP convention held in Halifax, trying to tie the party's fortunes with those of the Obama Democrats. At both the 2011 and 2013 federal conventions, the party establishment attempted to remove references to socialism and social ownership from the federal constitution, finally succeeding in their goal earlier this year in Montreal.
We predicted that if Dexter took the line of prioritizing the bosses' interests ahead of that of the working class, then their government would suffer the same fate as the Bob Rae government in Ontario, the Ujjal Dosanjh NDP in British Columbia, or the Lorne Calvert government in Saskatchewan.
Unfortunately, this is precisely what has happened.
The situation facing workers in Nova Scotia today is amongst the bleakest across the country. The latest figures from Statistics Canada show that Nova Scotia's unemployment rate currently stands at 9%, well above the federal average. However, the real number is much higher as it does not take into account the number of people who have given up finding employment and left the labour force. According to the recent census figures released by Stats Canada, the province had the country's largest population decrease (as a percentage of the total population) during the period between 2006 and 2011; during the first quarter of 2013, Nova Scotia lost another 0.2% of its population, the largest quarterly population loss in over 40 years. The exodus of mainly young people to Alberta shows no sign of letting up, as there is little hope of gainful employment, particularly outside of Halifax.
Rather than improving upon these bleak conditions, the Dexter NDP has actually worsened the living conditions for many workers across Nova Scotia. Aside from the continuing dismal employment conditions in the province, the Dexter government took a hatchet to public spending in order to balance the province's books. According to the Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives, the $772-million worth of cuts announced in the government's 2012 budget would amount to over 10,000 public sector jobs lost. (This was in addition to another 5,400 public sector job losses due to cuts by the federal Conservative government). Earlier this past summer, the government took away the right-to-strike of paramedics in their dispute with Emergency Medical Care, the private company that operates the province's ambulance services. The NDP also froze budgets for hospitals across Nova Scotia.
Students were particularly hard hit by the austerity policies of the Dexter government. After a three-year freeze, the government began to raise post-secondary tuition by an average of five per cent in 2012, despite the fact that the province's youth already pay the second-highest graduate fees and third-highest undergraduate fees in the country. Furthermore, the government cut funding to universities and colleges by ten per cent. In a poll commissioned by the Canadian Federation of Students, a full 83% of all Nova Scotians believed that the provincial government should have reduced tuition fees, but Dexter's response was that lower tuition fees were “not the best choice” for students. Instead, Dexter warned students to be prepared to pay more for their education: “Wages of professors continue to rise, the cost of materials continue to rise. Everybody should expect that those increases in cost will mean there will be increases in tuition… This is no different to what will happen in every aspect of students' lives.” (UNews.ca, 21 Nov. 2012)
In this year's election campaign, the NDP was even putting forward the need to increase the province's sales tax (HST) in order to meet their zero-deficit target. With this additional burden to bear, it is little wonder that voters had no appetite to return Dexter and the NDP for another term in government.
A warning to Tom Mulcair and the federal NDP
In a column penned for the Toronto Star, columnist Thomas Walkom writes, “In terms of current NDP orthodoxy, Dexter had been doing everything right. Theirs was a moderate NDP that came to power in 2009 promising fiscal probity, no tax increases, and modest but effective change.” And herein lies the problem for the NDP and its top brass — in the current epoch of austerity capitalism, these policies of “moderation” will only lead to defeats as workers see little reason to elect an NDP government that, on the surface, will look very similar to a Liberal or Conservative one.
Dexter's defeat comes only a few months after the NDP managed to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory in British Columbia. Because of an uninspiring campaign and platform that promised more to BC's business community than the province's workers, the NDP managed to fritter away a 20-point lead in the polls that resulted in only 48% of registered voters bothering to cast a ballot. Despite being on the ropes, the Liberals were re-elected to a third consecutive majority government in BC.
Although the international crisis of capitalism has largely not hit Canada as badly as it has in southern Europe or the USA, millions of Canadians — one-third of all households in the country — are now living paycheque-to-paycheque, unable to save any money for an emergency. Although overall unemployment is relatively low, these numbers hide the fact that an increasing number of jobs are poorly paid, temporary, and have little security for workers. According to Stats Canada's latest census figures, the most common job for both men and women in Canada is retail salesperson — a position that is notorious for its low wages, precarious character, and lack of pensions or benefits.
In this sort of climate, there is no enthusiasm amongst workers or youth to elect a rightward-looking NDP, one that talks about the need to respect the market and battling deficits. Workers and youth are looking for a party that can solve the lack of good-paying quality jobs, that can fix crumbling public services, that can provide accessible education to all. At this stage, it is more important than ever before that the NDP clearly identify on whose side they are on — on the side of Bay Street and the bosses, or on the side of Canada's youth and workers.
Darrell Dexter and the Nova Scotia NDP made the fatal mistake of forgetting their base in a desperate attempt to curry favour from the corporate media and the ruling class. But, the bankers and bosses will never truly trust the NDP as long as it is the political voice of the Canadian labour movement. It will push the NDP to adopt the same austerity politics as their allies in the Liberal and Conservative parties, and then abandon them when the time is right.
As the federal NDP gears up for the federal election in 2015, Tom Mulcair and the party leadership need to learn the lessons of Nova Scotia and realize that the Canadian working class will not be satisfied with a few buzzwords and honourable mentions from Bay Street. If the party is to win, then it must be prepared to put forward real solutions to the problems facing young people and workers — and be prepared to carry them through once in power. Otherwise, the party risks making itself irrelevant, precisely when the class struggle in Canada is becoming ever sharper.
In this lesson we go over the Dorian mode – it's scale construction and related chords.
Syn's Tips The Dorian Mode is definitely one of the most useful tools to have at your disposal!
As usual, apply everything you know so far to this scale as well as learning your favorite licks from Papa Gates' awesome solo!
Make sure to practice at slow tempos at first and gradually increase the tempo to accommodate your comfort level with the metronome and backing tracks provided.
Last but not least, show us what ya got! Upload a video of yourself to the "Lesson Comments" section below so we can share ideas. It works the same if you are having trouble so don't be shy! No matter what level you are at, new concepts don't come easily and helping each other out by sharing videos and tips is by and far, the best way to get over these hurdles!
Rep. Steve King called into Glenn Beck's radio program this morning to discuss their confrontation last week with advocates of immigration reform. During the interview, King told Beck that it is vitally important for House Republicans to rein in President Obama for the remainder of their term so that they cannot destroy America before this nation can elect a new president “whom God will use to restore the soul of America.”
Saying that Republicans cannot “unilaterally disarm” by taking the threat of impeachment off the table, King declared that the GOP must work to “restrain this president so that they don't do serious destructive damage to our constitution” in order to allow this nation to “limp our way through their terms of office.”
After Obama has been restrained, the GOP can then work on “identifying, lifting up, and raising up, and nominating, and electing the next President of the United States whom God will use to restore the soul of America.”
“If we fall short in that,” King warned, “in my lifetime, I don't expect to see this country put back on its rails again”:
Plumbing Pipe Firewood Holder
A few months ago, I saw these little gems in a catalog…
But the prices were unbelievable….
One of my favorite restaurants here in Oak Cliff uses wall-mounted plumbing pipe as “log wranglers” and I comment about how much I like them every time we eat there. I have used plumbing pipe to make shelves and curtain rods before , so I knew that I could make something of a hybrid between these and the ones at Eno's.
I started by making a box of layered 2x4s , and a 1×4 pine trim on the outside layer…
The base has to be pretty substantial to hold the weight of all those logs…..so at least 3 layers, screwed together with drywall screws…..
I topped the frame with a plywood sheet cut to 18×28…….and nailed it in with brads…then gave it quick sand to even out all the edges…..
I used a Minwax water based walnut stain ….so easy , just rub it on with a clean cloth..dries in about 2 hours. I gave it 2 coats….the more coats , the darker the finish. This stain is perfect for something that will take the abuse that this piece will…
Here's what it looked like after it dried…..
I flipped it over and bolted on casters to the bottom with 2 inch lag screws…course I drilled pilot holes first…
Now that I had my base, all we had to do was build the plumbing pipe frame…
I laid all the plumbing pieces out on the floor of Home-Depot…and took this shot to remember the configuration…All the pipes are 3/4 inch diameter; anything smaller just seemed to thin to hold all the fire wood. We bought : 4 – 60 ” pipes, 4 – 5 ” pipes, 1 – 18″ pipe. 4 elbows, 2 tees, and 4 floor flanges.
For some reason, the flanges only come galvanized, and not black…so I sprayed them with a quick shot of 99 cent black spray paint….I always have a few cans …..(for black spray paint emergencies)
Once our pipe fixture was screwed together we bolted it to the base with 2 inch lag screws…it now looks exactly like this……
I am absolutely thrilled with the final results…not really that much cheaper than the original ( 60 bucks for 5 foot pipes, 60 bucks for 4 casters….etc). But we made it ourselves…..and in just one afternoon. I think it took longer to carry all the firewood into the house to load the thing……..
opinion There are very good reasons to suspect that Stephen Conroy's reign of fire and blood as Australia's Communications Minister is gradually coming to an end; with the nation to receive new talent in this crucial portfolio either at the next Federal Election — or even substantially before it.
Does the above statement shock you? Well it might. After all, Australians have had a long time to get used to Stephen Conroy's face as our national Communications Minister on television screens, in newspapers and in online media. The Labor Senator has been nothing if not high-profile, and the at times over the past four years has seemed one of the only constants in a rapidly changing telco sector.
However, there are a number of indications that Conroy may shortly be on their way out of the portfolio.
The first and most obvious case for Conroy's departure from the communications scene is the likely victory of the Coalition at the next Federal Election, whenever that may be. With the Gillard Government continuing to suffer woeful polling results, there seems little doubt that Tony Abbott's team will easily be able to capitalise on Labor's many mistakes — from the knifing of Kevin07 to the carbon tax to the bungled refugee situation — to win Government at the next poll. While the most likely scenario is that this next election will occur on schedule in 2013, the Government still holds power by only the slimmest of margins — two seats — and has always been only a couple of by-elections or independent defections away from losing its grip.
However, there are other reasons to take a harder look at Conroy's position at the moment.
For starters, over the past six months we've witnessed a marked decrease in Conroy's visibility in the portfolio. The Minister has barely held any press conferences, has given only a couple of notable speeches and has made just a handful of controversial off-the cuff comments. What press releases they have issued in general have largely been run of the mill announcements in areas such as digital television, and mostly prepared in mass-produced style by their department.
I could ask you to trust me on this (as I follow the Minister obsessively), but you can always also take a gander at their media centre for yourself. Read their speeches, check out their statements and ask yourself: What has Conroy been doing for the past six months in their portfolio? The answer: Not much.
Conroy's role in the major events in their portfolio over that period — the media enquiry, for example, or the various NBN-related launches — has turned out repeatedly to be relatively minor, with the Minister's involvement quickly dropping out of the public radar as players such as Telstra, NBN Co and various others have taken over the stage.
Likewise, the Minister's parliamentary appearances have also been lacklustre. In Senate Estimates mid-way through October, they appeared bored with the proceedings, answering few questions but merely directing half-hearted jabs at old enemies such as Barnaby Joyce and Simon Birmingham. The fiery Senate debates in the chamber which we have come to be appalled by over the years have been few and far between.
“I have been doing estimates for 15 years,” Conroy told neophyte Greens senator Larissa Waters at one point.
Now, some of this is because most of Conroy's policy aims for the communications portfolio have been achieved over the past term and a half since Kevin Rudd swept Labor to power in November 2007. Over that period, Conroy has, after all, successfully set up an entire National Broadband Network superstructure, implemented radical structural reform and new consumer safeguards in the telecommunications sector, planted a massive wedgeload of new legislation, orchestrated Australia's digital television switchover and even made some headway with Labor's unpopular Internet filtering scheme (a watered down version has already gone live at Telstra and Optus) … all while fighting a series of ferocious political, regulatory and industry-related battles and catching up on the odd bit of football.
Four years of that is definitely enough to leave anyone exhausted — and Conroy's no longer a young man. At the age of 48 and with a feisty five-year-old daughter to take care of … we sometimes wonder how Conroy has managed the gargantuan task he's had since 2007. But manage it, they have.
But now most of that is over.
Almost all of the battles Conroy has fought over the past half-decade are now in other people's hands. NBN Co, Telstra and the ACCC are involved in a complex dance for the future of Australian broadband, their legislation is no longer controversial, their department's programs are largely on track and the Internet filter, although still officially government policy, has been put out to pasture through a classification review. And Conroy's daughter is even likely in school at this point.
If I was Stephen Conroy, right now, I'd be wondering what I would do with my time. A certain calm has descended on the good senator's life … and there is likely no real storm to come. Conroy is able, for the next year, to look forward to a fairly relaxed period watching the NBN slowly grow and idly wondering what will become of the project following the next election.
This much is apparent.
However, even the most naive Canberra watcher knows that politics doesn't work like that. Politics is nothing if not ferocious, especially in the Federal arena. If you're not active, then you're inactive and ripe to become a target.
If you trace Conroy's career from their appointment to the Senate in 1996, what you'll find is that the Minister has been continually active throughout that period. They quickly took a leading role two years after their ascension, in 1998 becoming deputy leader of the Opposition in the Senate, and holding Shadow Ministry roles from that point on.
Conroy — like a younger version of Steve Jobs, complete with spectacles and closely cropped greying hair — thrives on controversy, new projects, energetic endeavours and vitriolic, tense exchanges. I've never seen the Minister back down from a challenge, and they seldom approaches things diplomatically or patiently. Theirs is a full-on personality. A restless energy animates their frame and leads them into furious political exchanges, punctuated by their iron wit.
They have moments of vagueness too — remember the “spams and scams coming through the portal”? And a lack of deep technical understanding has plagued them over their career. But they are not ready to retire — and that means they will right now be wondering: What next?
What's next for Conroy, as we satirically suggested before the 2010 Federal Election, is a shift into a different portfolio.
Conroy has been Australia's first Communications Minister to truly master the portfolio, bending the entire telecommunications sector to their will and reshaping it with a steadfast scalpel. But now they must find another area to reshape anew.
With no cabinet reshuffle having taken place since the 2010 election, it's high time Prime Minister Gillard looked at shifting the chairs around, and it's a good time to do so — giving a fresh set of ministers a crack at governing and Labor its last chance to convince the Australian public that it's worth a third term before the 2013 election rolls around.
It would be appropriate in such a reshuffle for Gillard to reward Conroy — one of their only truly successful ministers — with a portfolio seen as more prestigious — finance and deregulation.
Finance is currently held by Penny Wong, who won it after the retirement of Lindsay Tanner in September 2010. But Wong's performance in the portfolio has been nothing short of anaemic. With a background in arts, law and the union movement, Wong probably didn't understand much of the portfolio to start with, and has probably by now become what Sir Humphrey Appleby would refer to as “house-trained”.
Conroy, on the other hand, with their economics degree and history in the financial services and corporate governance shadow ministry, as well as their extensively regulatory experience dealing with the telco sector, is a natural fit for finance, and would likely bring its bureaucrats to heel as they have the Department of Broadband, Communications and the Digital Economy.
Gillard would then be able to parachute a relatively young Minister into the now-mature communications portfolio, giving them the chance to hold the wheel for a year or so and gain some experience in a safe manner before Labor faces electoral defeat in 2013.
Of course, Labor is nothing if not a fairly obstinate political party, stuck in its ways, and Gillard may believe that Conroy has already been rewarded enough through their minor promotion to “Minister Assisting the Prime Minister on Digital Productivity” following the 2010 election. The PM may retain Conroy's services in Communications, merely to ensure the portfolio remains on track.
But we hope not.
New blood for Communications, and fresh fodder for Conroy's mental grinder, is the prescription which we'd give Gillard for the next year. The alternative is to leave an increasingly stale but capable Minister in a portfolio which they have mastered and is obviously growing bored with.
Attack dogs like Conroy can't be kept in a kennel for too long. Otherwise, they start champing at the bit.
Image credit: Kim Davies, Creative Commons
Nearly 50% say Labour has the best approach to health service, according to research by former Tory deputy chairperson
The scale of the Conservative party's NHS problem has been revealed in a poll conducted by the party's former deputy chairperson showing that Labour has a 18-point lead over the Tories on the NHS, and only 15% think the service has improved in the last five years.
Lord Ashcroft surveyed 20,000 voters in November and their research found that Labour's shadow health secretary, Andy Burnham, was more trusted to tell the truth about the NHS than either David Cameron or Jeremy Hunt, the health secretary.
The findings prompted Ashcroft to claim on the Guardian that the party's failure to “decontaminate its brand”, and the absence of a clear explanation of the purpose behind the coalition's health reforms, “led voters to fall back on their assumptions about Tory motivations”.
Voters mostly think the coalition's flagship health service reforms, piloted by Andrew Lansley in the early years of the government, were designed to save money. They also think they were more likely to be part of a plan to privatise the NHS than to cut bureaucracy or give more choice and control to patients.
When asked which party had the best approach to the NHS, nearly half (47%) said Labour, putting the party 18 points ahead of the Conservatives. Labour was also regarded as more likely to think of the NHS as an important issue than all other parties, except the Scottish National party in Scotland.
Over the past five years of the coalition government, 51% of Britons think the health service has got worse, while 34% believe it has stayed the same. Only 15% think the NHS has got better.
Cameron has been trying to neutralise Labour's attack on their NHS record by highlighting reported claims that the Labour leader, Ed Miliband, told a private meeting that they wanted to use the NHS as a weapon in the election. But in Ashcroft's qualitative research based on focus groups, the list of words most associated with the Tories was dominated by “cuts”, “poor” and particularly “privatisation”.
Ashcroft said the Lansley reforms had not helped the party's reputation. But “in the absence of any clear explanation of how the changes were supposed to benefit patients, people fell back on their assumptions about Tory motivations”.
They assert: “This is a consequence of the failure to complete the decontamination of the Conservative brand. The party's modernisation will be complete when it is trusted to sustain and reform the NHS.
“The tragedy is that, in opposition, by campaigning confidently on the NHS the Tories managed to neutralise Labour's advantage. Though the party may never overtake Labour on health, the NHS does not have to be its perpetual political millstone.”
Although the poll reveals a great pride in the health service among Britons, it also finds despondency about the direction in which it is heading, with only just over half saying they “expect the NHS in 10 years' time to offer a full range of services to everyone to a high standard”. A total of 86% thought more private providers will be used to provide NHS services and 77% thought charges will be introduced for more services.
Ashcroft said: “We found that although many knew that the last Labour government had encouraged the use of more private providers, the Tories were thought to have an ideological preference for privatisation and would pursue the policy irrespective of whether it was good for patients (possibly even because Tories would have ties to people who stood to profit from private contracts with the NHS).”
The poll also shows the NHS is regarded as one of the three most important issues for voters and their families, with 69% citing the cost of living, 54% improving the NHS and 49% improving the economy.
It is likely public concern will have risen since November because of the recent publicity about A&E admission waiting times and delays in ambulances reaching non-urgent patients.
When asked to rate perceived problems on a scale of zero to 10, the highest by a clear margin was the amount of money being spent on management and bureaucracy, an issue that could be considered to be more favourable for the Conservatives. The next highest concerns were patients being denied drugs, then staff shortages, followed by variations in standards. Despite all the concerns, a majority (54%) thought not enough was being spent on the NHS, even though most knew more had been spent in this parliament.
The quality of nursing care, an issue repeatedly highlighted by Hunt, is the issue least likely to be seen as a serious problem among the 11 issues tested with the sample.
Nor does it appear that the public are listening to statements made by Hunt or ministers highlighting the progress made by the NHS. Only 22% agree that the “NHS has more doctors and more nurses than ever before” or that “fewer people than ever are waiting long periods for their operations”, two claims made by Hunt in their Conservative conference speech in 2014.
The poll shows voters do not regard having a choice of GP or hospital as key to improving the NHS. Instead they favour government targets, one of the reforms most spurned by the government. There is little ideological opposition to the involvement of the private sector as long as conditions are met.
About
CardFit is a fun and addictive game that blends fitness and card games together into one amazing product. Challenge yourself and your friends to a game!
Because this is a card game, it is about more than seeing who among your friends is the fittest, it is also about strategy.
What we're looking for:
We're trying to raise $7,000 to launch CardFit. The game itself has already been designed, but actually getting it produced (printed, packaged, etc.) costs a bit of money. We've looked at multiple options, and the best deal we can find requires a minimum of about $7100. On top of that, Kickstarter and payment processing fees will take about 10% (5% for Kickstarter and between 3-5% for payment processing) That means, even if we meet our goal, there are still additional costs that we will have to cover. We've already figured for those costs, but that's why we need you. If we don't receive the $7,000, the likelihood of this game happening reduces significantly. We wrestled long and hard over what amount was the right amount to seek. In the end, $7,000 was the only number that really made sense.
Why Me, Why Now?
Alec (that's me) is a returned Peace Corps volunteer. They served in Mali, West Africa for 2 years helping others and trying to assess needs to figure out how best to help and improve people's lives. They also went to law school. A pretty good law school at that (University of Iowa, presently ranked 20th in the country by US News). For Alec, law school was an extension of Peace Corps; they went to find more and better ways to help people. While there, they accumulated over 200 hours volunteering in 3 years, because that's important to him. Helping others is important.
Now, among other things, Alec works as a fitness instructor/personal trainer and a graphic designer. CardFit came about as a way to help more people improve their lives. What I've learned over time is this: People want to improve their lives, but when it's hard, they sometimes get discouraged. CardFit isn't going to solve anyone's problems, but it is a fun and enjoyable game that also allows people to get a little exercise in--thus, little by little, improving their overall health in a way that doesn't seem like a chore.
To break from the 3rd person narrative for a moment: This is what I'm trying to do with this game: help people improve their lives in some small way. Interacting with others, getting their heart rates up a little bit through activity, improving their muscular strength. All of this while they're laughing and being competitive in a friendly way with friends and family.
--------------
video music: "Little Idea" by www.bensound.com
Jack Brabham rounds La Source on their way to victory © Sutton Images Enlarge
Jack Brabham notched up their second successive victory in the Belgian Grand Prix at Spa, but it was the death of two of Britain's most talented young drivers that will be remembered on one of Formula One's darkest days. Chris Bristow, driving a Cooper, and Lotus's Alan Stacey both suffered fatal accidents within minutes of each other.
The weekend got off to a bad start when Stirling Moss crashed spectacularly in practice the day before. Travelling at 140mph down the winding, downhill stretch leading to Malmedy, the left rear wheel of their Lotus came off, sending the car into a spin. It veered across the road before slamming into a grass verge, the impact throwing Moss out, leaving them badly injured and unconscious in the middle of the track.
Brabham was following behind and stopped to help, deciding, wisely as it turned out, to not give Moss artificial respiration, in case they had broken their ribs. Their subsequent diary entry said it all: '18 June, 1960: Shunt. Back. Legs. Nose. Bruises. Bugger.' Moss was taken to hospital in an ambulance, where they were found to have several fractured ribs, three compacted vertebrae, a broken nose, fractured tibia in both legs and severe cuts and bruises. They were lucky to be alive.
Later that day, privateer Mike Taylor crashed their Lotus when the steering column snapped. They were found trapped in the car with serious head and neck injuries, but also lived to tell the tale.
There was considerable doubt as to whether the Lotus team would actually race on the Sunday, but when new parts arrived by charter plane from the UK, Jim Clark and Stacey took their places on the grid.
Brabham led from the start, with Phil Hill close behind in their Ferrari. Tragedy struck on the 19th lap when Bristow crashed barely a hundred yards from where Moss had come to grief the previous day. They were catapulted from their Cooper, hit a wire fence and died instantly.
Just five laps later, Stacey also lost their lives when their Lotus crashed and caught fire, reportedly after the young driver had been hit in the face by a bird.
A particularly gruelling and brutal race came to an end when Phil Hill was forced to make a pit stop for a broken fuel line, allowing Brabham to coast home well ahead of team-mate Bruce McLaren. Clark scored their first championship points, coming in fifth.
Bringing the death toll of British drivers to eight in the past two years, once again the safety of Formula One was questioned, with fears that the modern, light cars were too quick on the high speed circuits. But, as Moss said, when told of the deaths after the race: "It is difficult to have an accident here without it being serious. This is one of the fastest tracks in the world. That is what makes it so dangerous."
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Sony has launched a new promotional campaign for its PlayStation consoles in Japan focused on their connectivity functions, which allow owners of a PlayStation 4 to continue with their game session on a PlayStation Vita via streaming. The timing of this campaign suggests that the company wants to make sure costumers who are interested on the Nintendo Switch's hybrid capabilities also know that they can enjoy a sort-of-similar experience on PS consoles, on the days leading up to the Christmas campaign.
Nintendo Switch certainly seems to have enchanted Japanese gamers with its double duty as a portable and a home console, with the device topping the hardware weekly charts regularly and selling at a much faster rate than its biggest rival: Sony's PlayStation 4. But while Japanese customers' natural preference for portable consoles means that the PS4 was never likely to reach the sales heights of the Switch, that doesn't mean that there is nothing that can be done to make the home-only console a more attractive purchase.
PlayStation Vita's sales in Western markets might have been largely disappointing, but for six years the console has had a healthy sales rate in its homeland. With 5,7 million PSVitas sold in Japan, it's easy to see why would Sony want to inform those users that by adding a PS4 to their collection they could be getting an impressive catalogue of games without losing much in terms of portable experience.
Seems fitting that the company has decided to promote Remote Play with the biggest game of the year for PS4: Dragon Quest XI, which was released over the summer for Nintendo 3DS, PS4, and it's expected to reach the Switch at some point next year. The commercial features an spectacular scene much in line with other previous campaigns, to then present gameplay footage of the Remote Play app.
Watch the new commercial below, as well as a Remote Play user guide in Japanese, released on the same day.
PlayStation®Vita | The Back Side of Remote Play
73 SHARES Facebook Twitter Linkedin Reddit
Kevin Williams reports from IAAPA 2015, an Amusement Park expo featuring upcoming rides and attractions coming to theme parks. They take a closer look at the ever growing presence of VR at the show and its importance to the out of home entertainment sector.
About the Author – Kevin Williams has an extensive background in the development and sales of the latest amusement and attraction applications and technologies. The UK born specialist in the pay-to-play scene; is well-known and respected through their consultancy KWP; and as a prolific writer and presenter (along with their own news service The Stinger Report), covering the emergence of the new entertainment market. Kevin has co-authored a book covering the sector called ‘The Out-of-Home Interactive Entertainment Frontier' (published byGower).  They are also the founding chairperson of the DNA Association, focuses on the digital Out-of-Home interactive entertainment sector. Kevin can be reached at –kwp@thestingerreport.com
The International Association Amusement Parks & Attractions (IAAPA) Attractions Expo 2015 proved a major gathering for the amusement and attractions industry, as well as the other leading groups in the Out-of-Home Leisure sector, new trends in entertainment technology playing a major part in gathering the trade to this Orlando Mecca.
First up, Chinese manufacturer 9D Technology brought their ‘9D Virtual Reality Experience' is a three seat VR experience system, one of the first VR attraction systems to be released (having been in operation at a number of Chinese locations), the system running the company's proprietary ‘9D HMD', one of a number of Chinese Head-Mounted Display (HMD) systems seen at the show.
OCT Vision, also from China, brought their new HMD US show. OCT Vision is a developer of urban and cultural complexes and dynamic attractions, and they showed their new ‘OCT Vision VR' system, another proprietary HMD. Hopes are that this platform will be used in a series of new attractions developed for their own domestic market.
Next up, The Giant Bug Company demonstrated their conceptual VR kiosk running the edutainment title ‘DinoTrek VR Experience', based on the scalable VR App created by Geomedia.
The employment of VR technology into the attraction sector was seen on a number of prominent exhibitor's booth – given a major place on the MediaMation, Inc. (MMI) booth, they showed their ‘REACTIVr' – a ATV customized into a motion base experience, with two players racing around in a shooting driving demonstration, a proof of concept of MMI's skills in this technology.
Not all the VR demonstrations were on the show floor, the major Dollywood theme park operation announced their new ‘Lightning Rod' rollercoaster with a smartphone VR App that will allow coaster-fans to virtual ride the proposed new coaster using a YouTube 360 point-of-view video – with specially themed Google Cardboard HMD's on display at the press event.
Innovation and new concepts are a signature of the IAAPA show – and the Brazilian developer Rilix, came to the show with such a concept – the ‘Rilix Coaster' offers riders in one's a two's a chance to experience a number of virtual coaster tracks using Samsung GearVR HMD's. The company had planned to use Oculus hardware, but were still evaluating their options.
One of the major presentations at the IAAPA exhibition was the appearance of Zero Latency from Australia, the company ran a demonstration of their ‘Arena-Scale' VR experience. The company ran an exclusive demonstration in a closed booth with lines stretching from eager attendees signing up to try the system. KWP has consulted with Zero Latency and was able to gain an exclusive glimpse behind the closed doors of the booth.
The Indian family-entertainment center (FEC) developer SMAAASH Entertainment, came to the American show promoting the sale of attractions development for their three facilities to other international operators – one such example is the company's VR experience ‘Finger Coaster'. Riders use a touch screen interface to first create a coaster track, which they can then ride via the VR motion-based coaster simulator, which also incorporates wind effects for added realism.
One of the unique new exhibitors at the show was the consumer game publisher Ubisoft International, with the company's new business division looking to build on their theme park attraction work. The company brought their ‘Raving Rabbids 4D Virtual Reality Ride' an example of their ability to take their IP and deploy this into the attraction scene. In partnership with Ubisoft development. Outside the show, the developer's MM-One Project promoted their own VR 360-degree ‘MM-One' motion-arm based system that was seen at Paris Game Week running 'Trackmania'.
See Also: Ubisoft and MM Company to Bring ‘Trackmania' Full-Motion VR Chair to Paris Games Week
The development of convenient, accessible and affordable VR systems that can offer the full experience of PC gaming into a DOE application (as seen at LAN Centers) were also on display at this event, the company Talon Simulation, showed the British developed ‘Atomic motion system' offering a compact but advance motion platform running PC racing game content. The company working to make the system compatible with all consumer HMD's to be used under license.
This is just some of the major immersive technology demonstrations that were at the event – many of the new developments planned for the coming years held behind closed door as the industry works on not only development the new attractions, but creating the next generation technology needed to provide the experience – an industry dedicated to keep one step ahead of the consumer sector, focused on building ‘Unattainable at Home' experiences.
Former White House Press Secretary Scott McClellan will testify before the House Judiciary Committee next week on the Plame affair, the Associated Press reported today.
"President Bush's former spokesperson, Scott McClellan, will testify before a House committee next week about whether Vice President Dick Cheney ordered them to make misleading public statements about the leaking of CIA agent Valerie Plame's identity," the AP reported.
"McClellan will testify publicly and under oath before the House Judiciary Committee on June 20 about the White House's role in the leak and its response, their attorneys, Michael and Jane Tigar, said on Monday."
McClellan has just released s scathing memoir on their time in the White House, and has speculated that Karl Rove and Lewis "Scooter" Libby met privately at least once to concoct a story on their in the leak of Plame's name to the press. Libby was tried and convicted for lying to a federal grand jury about their involvement in the Plame affair. President Bush later commuted Lewis' sentence.
A team led by scientists at the U.S. Department of Energy's SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory combined powerful magnetic pulses with some of the brightest X-rays on the planet to discover a surprising 3D arrangement of a material's electrons that appears closely linked to a mysterious phenomenon known as high-temperature superconductivity.
This unexpected twist marks an important milestone in the 30-year journey to better understand how materials known as high-temperature superconductors conduct electricity with no resistance at temperatures hundreds of degrees Fahrenheit above those of conventional metal superconductors but still hundreds of degrees below freezing. The study “Three-dimensional charge density wave order in YBa2Cu3O6.67 at high magnetic fields” was published in Science Express.
The study also resolves an apparent mismatch in data from previous experiments and charts a new course for fully mapping the behaviors of electrons in these exotic materials under different conditions. Researchers have an ultimate goal to aid the design and development of new superconductors that work at warmer temperatures.
‘Totally unexpected' physics
“This was totally unexpected, and also very exciting. This experiment has identified a new ingredient to consider in this field of study. Nobody had seen this 3-D picture before,” said Jun-Sik Lee, a SLAC staff scientist and one of the leaders of the experiment conducted at SLAC's Linac Coherent Light Source (LCLS) X-ray laser. “This is an important step in understanding the physics of high-temperature superconductors.”
The dream is to push the operating temperature for superconductors to room temperature, they added, which could lead to advances in computing, electronics and power grid technologies.
There are already many uses for standard superconducting technology, from MRI machines that diagnose brain tumors to a prototype levitating train, the CERN particle collider that enabled the Nobel Prize-winning discovery of the Higgs boson and ultrasensitive detectors used to hunt for dark matter, the invisible constituent believed to make up most of the mass of the universe. A planned upgrade to the LCLS, known as LCLS-II, will include a superconducting particle accelerator.
The new wave in superconductivity
The 3D effect that scientists observed in the LCLS experiment, which occurs in a superconducting material known as YBCO (yttrium barium copper oxide), is a newly discovered type of “charge density wave.” This wave does not have the oscillating motion of a light wave or a sound wave; it describes a static, ordered arrangement of clumps of electrons in a superconducting material. Its coexistence with superconductivity is perplexing to researchers because it seems to conflict with the freely moving electron pairs that define superconductivity.
The 2D version of this wave was first seen in 2012 and has been studied extensively. The LCLS experiment revealed a separate 3D version that appears stronger than the 2-D form and closely tied to both the 2-D behavior and the material's superconductivity.
The experiment was several years in the making and required international expertise to prepare the specialized samples and construct a powerful customized magnet that produced magnetic pulses compressed to thousandths of a second. Each pulse was 10-20 times stronger than those from the magnets in a typical medical MRI machine.
A powerful blend of magnetism and light
Those short but intense magnetic pulses suppressed the superconductivity of the YBCO samples and provided a clearer view of the charge density wave effects. They were immediately followed at precisely timed intervals by ultrabright LCLS X-ray laser pulses, which allowed scientists to measure the wave effects.
“This experiment is a completely new way of using LCLS that opens up the door for a whole new class of future experiments,” said Mike Dunne, LCLS director.
Researchers conducted many preparatory experiments at SLAC's Stanford Synchrotron Radiation Lightsource (SSRL) and Argonne National Laboratory's Advanced Photon Source (APS), which also produce X-rays for research. LCLS, SSRL and APS are DOE Office of Science User Facilities. Scientists from SIMES, the Stanford Institute for Materials and Energy Sciences at SLAC, and SSRL and LCLS were a part of the study.
“I've been excited about this experiment for a long time,” said Steven Kivelson, a Stanford University physics professor who contributed to the study and has researched high-temperature superconductors since 1987.
Kivelson said the experiment sets very clear boundaries on the temperature and strength of the magnetic field at which the newly observed 3D effect emerges. “There is nothing vague about this,” they said. “You can now make a definitive statement: In this material a new phase exists.”
The experiment also adds weight to the growing evidence that charge density waves and superconductivity “can be thought of as two sides of the same coin,” they added.
In search of common links
But it is also clear that YBCO is incredibly complex, and a more complete map of all of its properties is required to reach any conclusions about what matters most to its superconductivity, said Simon Gerber of SIMES and Hoyoung Jang of SSRL, the lead authors of the study.
Follow-up experiments are needed to provide a detailed visualization of the 3D effect, and to learn whether the effect is universal across all types of high-temperature superconductors, said SLAC staff scientist and SIMES investigator Wei-Sheng Lee, who co-led the study with Jun-Sik Lee of SSRL and Diling Zhu of LCLS. “The properties of this material are much richer than we thought,” Lee said.
“We continue to make new and surprising observations as we develop new experimental tools,” Zhu added.
When your biannual business event has been satirized by Mike Judge, you need to level up, which is a casual phrase humans say to other humans. And, oh, what a level this year's TechCrunch Disrupt "Battlefield" showed us. Corruption! Hubris! Exploitation! Investment from Michael Arrington! Butlers! It truly had it all.
The startup that took home $50,000 is called Alfred because the last tech bubble already took Jeeves. Just as Uber introduced the world to its private driver, Alfred brings butlers to the masses at the low-low-wait-that's-an-unlivable-wage price of $99/month for weekly home visits.
But it gets even more absurd, Alfred is a butler that manages your other on-demand startup services. Before companies like Homejoy (book a maid online), Washio (book dry cleaning delivery online), and Instacart (book food delivery online) can prove that they will be profitable, there is already a middleman on top of them. Washio doesn't even own a dry cleaning operation, its just a service that brings dry cleaning to your door. Alfred says it will "go the extra meter" and move that dry cleaning from your door into your closet or milk to your refrigerator.
It's middlemen all the way down, people. Startups siphoning off startups. Innovators are now focused on how to make it easier than pressing a button.
Forget the fact that most people have not heard of these startups. There's also the fact that Homejoy, which advertises professional home cleaning for $20/hour (without clarifying that this is only for a 1 bed/1-bath apartment), has left its workers feeling the pinch of having to string together a few hours of cheap labor here and there. So far, Homejoy has raised almost $40 million from venture capitalists.
In terms of investors, Alfred already had Mike Arrington before it won the top prize. An Arrington investment to start the show (Uber) and an Arrington investment to end it—straight from the infomercial playbook. In this disclosure, the "but" has to do a lot of heavy lifting.
[Disclosure: CrunchFund invested in Alfred, but Mike Arrington was not a finals judge, nor in the judging room].
In the announcement, right below "The Winner: Alfred Club," there's a video of the two black cofounders of Partpic, who did not win TechCrunch Disrupt. [Disclosure: I have no idea why the video is there.]
Let's take a closer look at Alfred's pitch, delivered by cofounder Marcela Sapone, who seems like a sharp lady founding a company during a bonkers moment in tech history. (You can watch the video on TechCrunch.) To make this pitch relatable, Sapone tells us about the life of a dude named Dan:
So Dan could have scheduled a Homejoy cleaning or booked Washio to get their laundry. They could have even called Instacart to go grab them milk, but all of that takes time and coordination and the mental energy—Dan doesn't want to give it. So instead Alfred anticipates that Dan will need to press that on demand button and works and acts in the background, coordinating across multiple verticals gluing it all together with a real person so that we actually solve Dan's whole problem.
It takes too much "mental energy" is the same logic behind replacing eating with Soylent and why tech workers dress like crap. This makes sense, precious mental energy should only be expended to make more delivery apps.
Sapone says Alfred has already been working successfully in parts of Boston for 10 months, with a 90 percent retention rate, and cites busy parents as a potential customer base—and the Dans of the world, of course.
Every neighborhood, they say will have its one to three "Alfreds," determined by a "cluster and scheduling algorithm." At four home visits a month, that's less than $25 every time the butler goes to someone's house, minus whatever Alfred's cut is.
We knew this was coming. It's here. The natural successor to 'on demand' is when the services in your life know you and they are automatic . . . So Dan can sit back and have their cereal.
It's almost like being a kid again!
[Screenshots via TechCrunch]
IMSI Catch 22: Understanding the Role of Spying Equipment in the Mi Sangre Case
Privacy International Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 1, 2017
Image from document obtained by Privacy International
The use of IMSI catchers[1] to arrest individuals is rarely documented — as IMSI catchers are used secretively in most countries. The arrest of Colombian drug lord Henry López Londoño in Argentina is therefore a rare opportunity to understand both how IMSI catchers are used, and also the complexity of their extraterritorial use.
In October 2012, Londoño — also known as Mi Sangre (“My Blood”) — was arrested in Argentina. Their arrest was the result of cooperation between the Dirección de Investigación Criminal e Interpol (DIJIN, the criminal investigation division of the Colombian police), the Argentinian intelligence services (Secretaría de Inteligencia del Estado, also known as SIDE, at the time) and the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), a US law enforcement agency. While fighting extradition to the US, Londoño made the case that an IMSI catcher had been used illegally as part of their arrest.
Hunting down Londoño
After six months of being hunted down, Londoño was arrested on 20 October 2012 in a restaurant in Buenos Aires, the city where they had been hiding since December 2011. What eventually betrayed them was a phone call to their wife, during which they told them not to wait for them as they were having a business lunch at the restaurant Fettucine Mario. The police were there to greet him.
Immediately after their arrest, the US requested their extradition, where they were wanted on drug smuggling and conspiracy charges. But the request was followed by four years of legal proceedings, as Londoño's lawyers argued their client would not be safe in the US, and Londoño was only extradited on 17 November 2016.
During those four years, Londoño's lawyers also argued an IMSI catcher was used illegally as part of their arrest.
There is currently no explicit legal framework regulating the use of IMSI catchers in Argentina. While journalists who have reported on the case have referred to IMSI catchers as being prohibited in the country, there is no law that explicitly prohibits the use of these devices.
The smuggling of an IMSI catcher
On 27 April 2012, Argentinian judge Norberto Oyarbide authorised a team of Colombian police officers to enter the country and track Londoño. According to Argentinian publication Diario Veloz, the Colombian police asked for permission to use equipment that would allow them to locate Londoño's phone but indicated that the equipment could in no way be used to hear or record phone conversations or messages.
On 30 May 2012, Oyarbide received a phone call from Jaime Stiuso, who was at the time the head of the powerful Argentinian intelligence service SIDE (dismantled in February 2015 after a political scandal that took place 2 months earlier). Stiuso informed Oyarbide that an IMSI catcher was being used by the Colombians and clarified that the tool could intercept the data and calls of anyone in its vicinity. The day after, Oyarbide ordered the expulsion of the Colombian police officers. The IMSI catcher, on the other hand, did not leave Argentina.
According to documents obtained by Diaro Veloz, the IMSI catcher had in fact been brought to Argentina by two Colombian spies, Diego Hernán Rosero Giraldo and César Gonzalo Triana Amaya, on 10 April 2012. That date precedes the date Colombian police even requested permission to enter Argentina. Documents available online reveal that in June 2012 the two spies received an honourable decoration for “distinguished service to the country and to society, outstanding for their sacrifice, perseverance and dedication in the fight against crime.”
Name: Stingray. Function: Intercepting Communications.
Image from document obtained by Privacy International
Privacy International obtained a confidential legal document (see annex) from April 2013 pertaining to the case between Argentina and Colombia. The document is a technical concept written by the Colombian forensic company Adalid. It was ordered by a government to explain to another government the use of a model of IMSI catcher called “Stingray” from the company Harris Corporation. The document was shared with us by a source close to the case and we believe the document to have been ordered by Colombia for submission to the Court in the case brought by Argentina.
The document details what IMSI catchers are and more specifically how the Stingray model of IMSI catchers function. The technical concept describes the components of the Stingray and how to conduct a “man in the middle attack” in order to intercept the content of communications. Indeed, while not all IMSI catchers can intercept communications, as we mentioned above, this particular model offers this capability. The document clarifies that Stingrays can only be sold to government agencies. The device has a range of action of 500 metres.
Revealing the conclusions
While the conclusion of the legal case — led by judge Claudio Bonadio — between Colombia and Argentina remains unknown, this story illustrates the importance of the need for clearer and stricter legislation on IMSI catchers. It is indeed very concerning that Colombia could ask for an authorisation to track Londoño's phone without clarifying very specifically the type of equipment they were planning on using. IMSI catchers are too often dismissed as a tool of targeted surveillance, when in fact it is equipment — as the Argentinian intelligence services realised — that could be used to indiscriminately surveil any one in its surroundings.
It is equally concerning that Colombia may have brought the IMSI catcher into Argentina and begun deploying it even prior to requesting authorisation. This type of extraterritorial action — without Argentina's prior consent — raises a number of troubling issues. On the Colombian side, who authorised its spies to use an IMSI catcher and under what law? Did that authorisation include extraterritorial action in Colombia's territory? Did Argentina perceive such action to violate its sovereignty? Why did Colombian police later request authorisation to use the same device in Argentina's territory?
Privacy International has been challenging the use of IMSI catchers, which are increasingly used in many countries despite the complete absence of regulation. In the UK, for instance, while we have evidence of their use, the government even refuses to acknowledge their very existence. We hope this story will be a lesson to governments who have been dismissing the importance of transparency around the use of IMSI catchers: it is now time for the government to reveal the conclusion of their investigation on the case and establish strong regulations on the use of IMSI catchers.
Recommendation to the Argentinian Government:
Publish the conclusion of the Bonadio investigation into the use of IMSI Catchers in Argentina by Colombian police, particularly the conclusions relating to the likelihood of interception of Argentinians' private information as a result of the use of IMSI Catchers.
This piece was authored by PI Research Officer Eva Blum-Dumontet.
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
[1] An IMSI catcher is a portable surveillance equipment that allows the “off-the-air” interception of data (phone communications, messages, location data) from phones in its surrounding environment. In order for a mobile phone to function it has to communicate with a cell tower (Base Station, BTS). The phone chooses the best cell tower to connect to based on the strength of the signal. An IMSI catcher presents itself as the most powerful cell tower in a given area, so that the phones in the surrounding area connect to it instead of an actual cell tower. Once connected to the IMSI Catcher's base station the catcher has the mobile phone provide its IMSI and IMEI data. Once these details have been gathered it becomes possible to monitor the operation of the phone: the voice calls taking place, the messages being sent and the location of the phone. Not all IMSI catchers however are capable of intercepting communications.
The move comes after the campaign faced criticism for seeking to appeal to voters just before the deadly storm was set to hit the Sunshine State.
ADVERTISEMENT
“We have requested that stations in Florida delay any of those ads on the Weather Channel until after the storm passes,” Clinton campaign spokesperson Jesse Ferguson said in a statement.
Politico, citing a source tracking TV ad buys, reported that the campaign planned to spend $63,000 on spots to run on the Weather Channel starting Thursday.
The report noted the Trump campaign has also run ads on the Weather Channel this year. A Clinton aide said the campaign has been advertising on the channel all year as well.
Both campaigns are under pressure to halt or slow campaign activities as the Category 4 storm approaches the United States.
“I encourage both presidential campaigns to be sensitive to all affected by Hurricane #Matthew in the coming days,” former GOP presidential candidate Jeb Bush tweeted in response to the report.
Republicans criticized the reported ad buy, saying it could cause voter backlash in Florida and other states in the hurricane's path.
“Pulling these ads after getting caught won't cut it. @HillaryClinton should apologize for using storm for votes,” Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus tweeted.
The Clinton aide pushed back on suggestions the campaign is purposefully capitalizing on storm coverage to appeal to voters in battleground states.
The aide said the Weather Channel buy was part of changes to TV ad reservations made over the past 72 hours on multiple channels in several battleground states.
Ferguson added that “less than 1 percent” of the changes to campaign ad reservations included the Weather Channel buys.
Updated at 1:55 p.m.
Yet another one for the “conservatives and Republicans keep saying they're not racists, but then they do stuff like this” file:
[Ron] Paul's support for secession does not come as much of a surprise, considering that they have argued in the past that the Civil War was “unnecessary,” and caused by Abraham Lincoln's attempt to “enhance and get rid of the original intent of the republic” by using an “iron fist.”
[…]
Of course, this is just the latest in a decades-long line of extreme newsletters from Paul. In the past, Paul's newsletters have argued that Martin Luther King Jr. was a Socialist pedophile, that “malicious gays” enjoy getting and transmitting AIDS, and that “heroic” anti-government militias will soon take power back from the federal government, among many other racists, homophobic, and anti-Semitic conspiracies.
Coincidentally, Paul's allies on the extremist right share their enthusiasm for secession. As the Southern Poverty Law Center reports, the white nationalist group Stormfront — whose leader has donated to Paul's campaigns and been photographed with the then-presidential candidate — has helped power the secession petitions' rapid growth.
Labour have today hit out at the Government's treatment of junior doctors in the lead up to today's strike, which the party is supporting.
Jeremy Corbyn today hit out at the “appalling” treatment of the striking NHS England workers, including attempts to “smear them in the press”, which they say has led directly to the decision to take industrial action today. They added that “everybody in Britain” is “grateful for the hard work” junior doctors carry out.
Shadow Health minister Justin Madders said that Jeremy Hunt had left junior doctors “with no choice but to take this action” – saying that if anyone is inconvenienced by the strike, they should “blame Jeremy Hunt”.
It is reportedly the first strike the Labour Party has ever wholeheartedly supported with an official party line. (If you have a correction to this, do get in touch.)
In a statement on their Facebook page, Jeremy Corbyn said:
“Everybody in Britain recognises and is grateful for the hard work and long hours put in by junior doctors. Their treatment by this Government has been nothing short of appalling, leading to the strike action in our NHS today.
“No NHS worker takes lightly the decision to strike, but the blame must be laid at the door of this Government for the way it has treated doctors and now seeks to smear them in the press. It is time for this Government to apologise to junior doctors and negotiate a fair deal that gets our NHS working again.”
Shadow Health minister Justin Madders said:
“Nobody wanted to see today's industrial action take place, not the least junior doctors.
“However, Jeremy Hunt choose to pick a fight with the very people who keep our NHS running, and they have left them with no choice but to take this action. Junior doctors don't want to become embroiled in a political dispute but the Government's refusal to listen to their concerns has led to this point.
“Any patient who has had their operation cancelled or appointment postponed today should be clear – don't blame the junior doctors, blame Jeremy Hunt.”
Mr Obama was judged to have "done the best job" in the debate by 58 per cent of independent voters in a CNN poll, with 31 per cent plumping for Mr McCain. Mr Obama also did better among Republican voters than Mr McCain did among Democrats. A total of 18 per cent of Republican voters said Mr Obama did best, while only five per cent of Democrats preferred Mr McCain.
The Democratic candidate also gained general approval among the independent voters, while the Republican senator lost ground in this respect. While Mr Obama's favourable/unfavourable rating went from 63/35 before the debate to 66/33 afterwards, Mr McCain's sank from 51/45 to 49/49.
Shortly after the debate, the Irish bookmaker Paddy Power said it would pay out to customers who had predicted Mr Obama would win the election. A spokesperson for the bookmaker, which has taken more than 10,000 bets on the election, said: "We declare this race well and truly over and congratulate all those who backed Obama, your winnings await you.
"Although the Senator seemed a little off sorts in last night's final debate we believe they have done more than enough to get them across the line on November 4th."
The disparity was even more marked among 500 uncommitted voters polled after watching the debate on CBS: Mr Obama won 53 per cent of the vote compared with 22 per cent who came out for Mr McCain. A total of 14 per cent of these unaligned voters said the debate had made up their mind to vote for Mr McCain, while 28 per cent said they would now be voting for Mr Obama and 58 per cent still weren't sure.
As a Mac household, and hater of all things cable, I've written a bit about my love of Plex. I've been a staunch defender of it online and on the forums, even though there are numerous shortcomings. Surprisingly, the biggest shortcoming of Plex is the playback capabilities of its client, the “Plex Media Center”. Based entirely on XBMC, there are numerous threads on the Plex forums noting its shortfalls: Its inability to adjust the refresh rate to match the monitor to which its attached, and its inability to play true 24fps material well. For a long time, there was nothing to be done, and users were left with a choice – easier library management and remote flexibility vs playback. Well, ever since Plex split is Media Server and Center software into to distinct packages, it enabled the ingenuity of a Plex user to come up with a solution: PleXBMC. The hack, which is really an XBMC add-on, leverages the best features of both systems to deliver a truly terrific experience. Essentially, XBMC become the Plex Media Server client (which can be setup in about 10 minutes).
To review, let's review the pros and cons of each system (based on the opinion of this author)
Plex
Pros:
Content Setup
Centralized Library
System extendability (Roku, ATV, GoogleTV, Samsung/LG TVs etc)
Remote access (myPlex, transcoding for mobile devices)
Cons:
Playback
XBMC
Pros:
Playback
Cons:
Setup
Step 1: Install Plex PMS
Download and install Plex PMS Setup Library (see our guide here) Setup myPlex (for remote access, same link as #2)
Step 2: Download and Install PleXBMC Add-On
Download and install XMBC from here. Download PleXBMC here. Ensure your PLex Media Server is up and running. Install addon directly via zip file in Step 2. This is done in XBMC by going into Settings->Addons->Install By ZipFile Configure the Addon with the IP address of the Plex Media Server (only if XBMC is NOT on the same machine as the PMS). Start Addon from Video -> Addon -> PleXBMC
You can also find the XBMC wiki entry with instructions here or on the Plex Forums here.
Step 3: Download and Install PleXBMC Skins (Optional)
Download Skins:
Go back to the XBMC supplied confluence skin (system -> setting -> appearance -> skin)
Go back to home
Video -> File
Add source
Browse to “Home folder”, “addons”, “plugin.video.plexbmc”, “resources”, “dummy library”
Add this folder as a source and select “movies” as the content. Ensure you select “Run automated scan”.
Hit OK and the dummy file will be scanned into the library (it will appear as Aladdin (1992))
now go back, switch to confluence.plexbmc, enable integration and it should work..
Review
Having played around with PleXBMC for the past week, I've been very pleased with the results. Playback is flawless and I can visibly observe that the PMS is not transcoding nearly as often or using as much CPU as when the Plex Media Center was the playback client. With the integration of Plex into XBMC via the PleXBMC skins, (I prefer Quartz), as a Plex user, usability is nearly identical, including my use of my Harmony 890 remote, which I didn't even have to program away from Plex to XBMC. For users who are using XMBC but want to consider the benefits of Plex's Media Server, XBMCs home page customization enables you to stick PleXBMC right on the homepage for easy access rather than having to go through the Videos -> Add-Ons menu route.
There have been some caveats. The big one, at least for me, and that's Netflix. Currently, OSX users (which I am) are unable to get the XBMCFlix Add-On working, and as such, PlexFlix (insert link), which enables Plex users (and therefore PleXBMC users) the ability to integrate their Netflix queue right into one's movie and TV show libraries, does not work. For most, this is likely a minor annoyance, and one that will likely be fixed soon, but its a feature my family uses quite a bit. Another caveat, which will likely impact an even smaller group, is the audio isn't synced properly when watching Plex Channels via PleXBMC, that's if the channel plays at all. I test numerous Plex Video Channels, and it was hit or miss as to whether they played through PleXBMC.
All in all, I'm pretty pleased with PleXBMC thus far, and for those users who are looking for the best of both worlds, this could very well be the solution at least until either Plex gets its Media Center up to snuff, or XBMC catches up on ease of use/setup and remote connectivity. Its definitely worth the effort, as soup to nuts it took me about 20 minutes total to get PleXBMC fully set up.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. -- Yannick Ngakoue had just played arguably the best game of their brief career, so naturally their Jacksonville Jaguars teammates were having fun with him.
The loudest was linebacker Myles Jack, who was telling the few stragglers left in the visitors' locker room at FirstEnergy Stadium that Ngakoue is a classic bully.
“Yan would take your lunch money,” Jack said. “Yan is a full-time bully. They don't ever stop being a bully. And when they put the helmet on, it's like magnified by 10 because they can get away with it. They can legally be a bully."
Ngakoue didn't like Jack's joke, but Jack really isn't wrong about the on-field part. Ngakoue has been bullying offensive tackles and quarterbacks from the moment they first stepped on the field as a rookie in 2016. The defensive end set the franchise's rookie sack record with 8.0 last season and already has 9.0 this year after getting 2.5 in the Jaguars' 19-7 victory over Cleveland on Sunday.
Ngakoue doesn't just get sacks, though. They get the ball out. They have forced an NFL-high nine fumbles since the start of the 2016 season and seven of those have come on strip-sacks. Per ESPN Stats & Information, Ngakoue is tied with Atlanta's Vic Beasley for the most strip-sacks during that span.
As far as Ngakoue is concerned, it's the turnovers that matter the most.
“Yeah, it's nice to get a sack,” Ngakoue said while mimicking applause. “It's cool. But the great ones get the ball out, and that's what I'm trying to do.”
Yannick Ngakoue has forced an NFL-high nine fumbles since the start of the 2016 season, including five this year. Gregory Shamus/Getty Images
He's done it more than some of those greats. Baltimore's Terrell Suggs has six strip-sacks since the start of 2016, and there are three others with five: the New York Giants' Jason Pierre-Paul, Arizona's Chandler Jones and the Los Angeles Rams' Aaron Donald.
Ngakoue did it twice against Browns quarterback DeShone Kizer on Sunday. Kizer recovered the first fumble in the first quarter, but the second bounced into the end zone and Telvin Smith recovered it for a touchdown with less than two minutes remaining in the fourth quarter.
“One thing we talk about, it's good to get sacks, but to get strip-sacks is what we really want,” defensive tackle Malik Jackson said. “It's good to get the quarterback down, but we want that ball. We live for that ball.
“You've got to get that ball out, and like I said they just has a knack for it.”
Ngakoue has a simple formula. Get a good burst off the line of scrimmage, use a move called the cross-chop -- swiping the offensive tackle's arms down with their inside arm while using the other arm to help clear the tackle's hips and get around them -- and swat the quarterback's arm.
“God gave me that ability and I'm just trying to take advantage of it,” Ngakoue said. “I'm just trying to each and every day focus and [use] the same preparation I've been [using] as far as film study and going hard in practice. And I feel like it's paying off.
“It's all about keying the ball, and it's all about capitalizing on what the offensive tackle gives you.”
What you need to know in the NFL
• Statistics
• Scoreboard
• 2017 schedule, results
• Standings
Ngakoue is so good at forcing fumbles, they have defensive end Calais Campbell -- who is in their 10th season and has a team-high 11.5 sacks -- shaking their head in amazement.
“When you've got a first step like they have and a mean cross-chop, they work it,” Campbell said. “Like Bruce Lee said, ‘I'd rather face a guy who practices 10,000 kicks once than a guy who practices one kick 10,000 times.'
“Yan, their cross-chop, people know it's coming and they still can't stop it.”
What's just as important to Ngakoue's success -- and isn't nearly as visible to those outside the team -- is their relentlessness. Ngakoue broke Tony Brackens' franchise rookie sack record last season but came back this spring and said that what they did last year wasn't good enough. He's never satisfied with what he's done because they always believe they can do more.
That's their attitude in the weight room, meeting room, and on the field, safety Tashaun Gipson said.
“He just doesn't stop,” Gipson said. “He's got a motor, man. They go hard. He's that guy. They want to be the best and they don't have a problem with working, trying to be the best, so you've got to respect that.”
Their teammates do, but that doesn't stop them from making fun of him.
"Yannick is a bully," Jack repeated. “He's a bully off the field and on the field, but especially on the field. Left tackles, he's a problem. I'm proud to have them on my team. He's a great competitor. I love having 91 rushing the passer on third-and-long. I love it.
"If Yan is fighting a grizzly bear, help the grizzly bear."
What if this happened to your son or daughter at school?
Anna Kooiman reported this morning (video above) on an Alabama mother who is speaking out after their five-year-old daughter was forced to sign a "no suicide" contract without their knowledge.
The incident started when the girl got in trouble at school for apparently pretending a crayon was a gun and "shooting" it at another student.
The mother, only identifying themselves as Rebecca in a report by WPMI-TV in Mobile, said their daughter then had to write their name on a document in which they pledged that they would not kill themselves or anyone else.
"This isn't right. She's five years old. Most of these words on here, she's never heard in their life," said Rebecca.
Rebecca said school officials want their daughter to see a psychiatrist now.
Here's more from the report:
"[They] Asked them if they were depressed now," said Rebecca. Without their permission, Rebecca said their child was given the Mobile County Public School Safety Contract to sign stating they wouldn't kill themselves or others. "While I was in the lobby waiting they had my 5-year-old sign a contract about suicide and homicide," said Rebecca. According to state law, minors cannot legally sign a contract. "There should be a different way to handle this situation. If this is protocol it needs to be looked at again," said Rebecca. Local 15 News contacted school officials to see what the proper protocol is when handling "violent-like" behavior. Local 15 News has not heard back.
More OUTRAGEOUS school stories on Fox News:
Elementary School Throws Away Kids' Lunches Over Lack of Payment
School Cancels Kindergarten Play So Kids Can Focus on College Prep
'People Have a Right to Certain Weapons...': School Workbook Rewrites 2nd Amendment
What would you do if you were a high-profile governor caught in the midst of a pseudo-scandal, with the national news media hanging on your every word? Here's an idea: rather than focus exclusively on hurling accusations and counter-accusations, talk about something that actually matters. That is what New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie did this past week. After weeks fending off accusations that they had systematically abused their power to punish their political enemies, Christie spent a good chunk of their second inaugural address on criminal justice reform. Cynical observers might conclude that the governor was shrewdly changing the subject, and they'd be right. But it happens that they are changing the subject to the most vexing policy challenge facing the United States, and arguably the most sorely neglected.
New Jersey is one of America's most affluent states. Yet many of its largest cities are scarred by both high crime and an incarceration boom that has made a stint in prison a disturbingly common rite of passage, particularly for young black men. Though many believe that mass incarceration is a cure for violence, as it incapacitates potential victimizers, problems arise when incarceration becomes so commonplace that it is destigmatized, and that it ruins the lifelong earning potential of young men caught up in its net, few of whom go into prison as irredeemable villains. As Mark Kleiman, a public policy professor at UCLA and a leading advocate of criminal justice reform, argues in When Brute Force Fails, the chief challenge facing many people who wind up in prison is a lack of impulse control. And this problem can be more effectively addressed through low-cost interventions — like programs for parolees that offer modest punishments for failing drug tests, like a weekend in the clink — than through high-cost interventions, like a years-long prison sentence. What we're dealing with is an enormous waste of human potential that harms not just the young men who wind up in prison, but also the families, and the children, they leave behind.
And that is exactly how Christie described the “failed war on drugs” in their second inaugural address. After stating that “every one of God's creations has value,” and that the loss of a job can strip people of their dignity and self-respect, they railed against the notion that “incarceration is the cure of every ill caused by drug abuse,” and they promised to make drug treatment programs more widely available. They described their ultimate goal as creating “a society that understands that every life has value and no life is disposable,” a neat way of connecting their pro-life convictions to the cause of treating drug offenders more humanely.
Though one assumes that Christie's emphasis on criminal justice reform stems from a humanitarian impulse, it also happens to make good political sense. When Christie was first elected governor in 2009, they were very much the candidate of the Garden State's conservative outer suburbs and rural areas, and no one expected them to take much of an interest in the problems plaguing cities like Camden and Newark, their hometown. Yet in their re-election bid, they campaigned aggressively for urban voters and minority voters, and they were rewarded with 51 percent of the Latino vote and 21 percent of the black vote, numbers that are more impressive when you consider that they won 32 percent and 9 percent of Latino and black voters respectively during their last go-around. (Indeed, the aggressiveness of their outreach in communities that have long been monolithically Democratic is part of what's at issue in the recent wave of allegations concerning the Christie administration's heavy-handedness.) Talking sensitively and intelligently about the damage mass incarceration does to poor urban neighborhoods was one of several ways Christie tried to build trust with Democratic voters.
Criminal justice reform isn't just an issue that resonates with Democrats, however. As the political scientists David Dagan and Steven Teles observe in their article on “The Conservative War on Prisons,” there has been a sea-change in how the political right understands mass incarceration. Dagan and Teles attribute this development to the fact that conservatives have over time come to see mass incarceration as an example of big-government waste, and the prison guard lobby that presses for mandatory minimums and other harsh measures as just as self-interested as the teachers unions.
The question for Christie is whether or not he's willing to go further to better the lives of New Jerseyans living in dangerous neighborhoods. The NYU sociologist Patrick Sharkey, author of Stuck in Place, has found that children living in neighborhoods that have experienced homicides suffer a serious and lasting blow to their cognitive outcomes. As governor, Christie could implement new strategies to help reduce crime levels, like shifting resources from punishing criminals to preventing crime in the first place, by, for example, pressing local police forces to become more efficient, and to expand when necessary.
Christie could also do more to reduce the intense economic segregation that keeps New Jersey's poorest residents far beyond the reach of job opportunities. So far, Christie has been skeptical of measures designed to encourage greater density, and more affordable rental housing, in the state's more affluent towns, but these measures could do a lot of good. The same goes for encouraging denser development in cities like Hoboken. If Hoboken attracts more high rises, poorer New Jerseyans are much less likely to be displaced from neighborhoods within easy commuting distance of good jobs by would-be gentrifiers. (Ironically, Christie's lieutenant governor, Kim Guadagno, is accused of being a bit too overzealous in encouraging Hoboken Mayor Dawn Zimmer to embrace density.)
By calling out the “failed war on drugs,” Christie has made a good start in making their second term mean something. What they need to do know is wage a larger war on the destruction of human potential.
PHOTO: Police officers stand guard near a house, where an armed man with multiple hostages remain barricaded in, in Trenton, New Jersey, May 11, 2013. REUTERS/Eduardo Munoz
A gorgeous new “Star Wars” game launches on Friday on Xbox One, PlayStation 4, and PC. It's called “Star Wars Battlefront 2.” Perhaps you've heard about it?
source EA
In it, you can play as over a dozen iconic “Star Wars” characters, in major “Star Wars” locations, doing “Star Wars” things like using the Force and piloting the Millennium Falcon. It even has an original story, bridging the events of “Return of the Jedi” and “The Force Awakens.”
Unfortunately, all fans are talking about is why you shouldn't buy it. One of the top posts on the game's Reddit page on Friday morning said: “Target Employee here. We haven't sold a single copy of Battlefront II. Keep it up!”
The situation is complicated and messy – here's what's going on.
Problems started long before the game's release.
source EA
Though “Battlefront 2” launched on Friday, fans had several opportunities to play the game before. A beta of the game was available in October, enabling anyone to try the game's multiplayer section.
Overshadowing the game itself, which consists of first-person shooting and spaceship dogfighting, was the way “Battlefront 2” implemented so-called loot boxes.
Players were able to buy in-game currency (“crystals”) to use for in-game loot boxes. These boxes contain a random smattering of items for use in the game, from character enhancements to other forms of in-game currency.
What people took issue with were the character enhancements. By putting items in the loot boxes that affected gameplay, the game's developers tipped the scales in favor of people willing to spend more money, known among gaming fans as “pay to win.”
The game's loot-box system was altered in response to complaints from the beta — but not enough.
caption These are the “loot crates” in question. source EA DICE
When the beta ended, the game's maker, EA, told fans it would address complaints with the loot-crate system before the game's soft launch in mid-November.
But when the game arrived through EA's “early access” system on the Xbox One, the loot system hadn't changed much at all. You could still pay real money for access to enhancements that would otherwise take dozens of hours to unlock by playing the game.
Meanwhile, you were playing against people who could easily defeat you with stronger weapons, faster movement, and more health – people who were willing to pay more money on top of the $60 for the game.
On top of that, several major “Star Wars” characters — including Princess Leia, Luke Skywalker, and Darth Vader — weren't unlocked from the start of the game.
caption This is the “collection” screen from mid-November, when the hero characters were outrageously expensive. source EA DICE
Characters like Luke Skywalker, Darth Vader, and Princess Leia – so-called hero characters in the game's multiplayer mode – require in-game credits to be unlocked.
Redditors discovered it would take dozens of hours to unlock just a single hero character. Alternatively, you could pay real money for loot crates that might contain the currency to unlock the hero characters.
One Reddit user summarized the situation concisely: “Many believe that this ridiculous grind is a way to encourage microtransaction purchases.”
To be clear, the main selling point of the “Battlefront” series is offering “Star Wars” fans a greatest-hits version of the beloved sci-fi universe. Play as your favorite characters! Explore famous locales from the “Star Wars” universe!
You could spend dozens of hours playing the game to unlock these characters, but for many people, the whole point of buying the game is to play as these characters.
An EA representative issued a statement on Reddit that made fans way angrier. It is now the most downvoted comment of all time on Reddit, by far.
source Reddit
This was the comment:
“The intent is to provide players with a sense of pride and accomplishment for unlocking different heroes.
“As for cost, we selected initial values based upon data from the Open Beta and other adjustments made to milestone rewards before launch. Among other things, we're looking at average per-player credit earn rates on a daily basis, and we'll be making constant adjustments to ensure that players have challenges that are compelling, rewarding, and of course attainable via gameplay.
“We appreciate the candid feedback, and the passion the community has put forth around the current topics here on Reddit, our forums and across numerous social media outlets.
“Our team will continue to make changes and monitor community feedback and update everyone as soon and as often as we can.”
People latched on to the first line.
The response was extremely unfavorable, to the point that it became the most downvoted Reddit comment of all time. It's ahead of the competition by hundreds of thousands of downvotes.
“That's rich,” a popular response reads. “Just be honest. The truth is you know very few people are going to sink a full work week into this game and you're hoping that somebody is desperate enough to buy credits to unlock the character. It has nothing to do with providing a ‘sense of pride and accomplishment.' This is a flat-out lie and you know it. How naive do you think your player base is?”
The game's publisher, EA, responded by dropping the in-game cost of the hero characters by 75%.
source EA DICE
Let's pause for a moment here to mention that, at this point in the story, “Battlefront 2” has not fully launched yet.
There was a beta in October, and some folks on Xbox One got early access to the game through an EA subscription program. (Members of the press also had access at this point, myself included.) But the game only officially launched for everyone on Friday.
All that said, on Monday, EA dropped the price of all hero characters by 75%.
Keep in mind that we're talking about the virtual price, which translates to hours spent earning currency by playing the game or currency earned from loot boxes purchased with real money. Thus EA's dropping the in-game price for those characters means it takes players less time – or less money – to unlock them.
But the backlash persisted, partially because of another change implemented alongside the price reduction.
Though the price for each hero dropped by 75%, so did the amount of currency earned from completing the game's single-player campaign. So heroes cost less to unlock, but players would still have to push through hours of multiplayer – at a disadvantage against players who were willing to pay microtransaction fees – to unlock main characters like Luke Skywalker.
The game's main Reddit filled with organized efforts to cancel preorders and discourage purchases in general.
And on Thursday, the night before the game launched, EA dropped microtransactions from “Battlefront 2” altogether. It appears that even that is not enough.
source Reddit
In a letter published Thursday evening, Oskar Gabrielson, the general manager of EA's Dice studio – the studio responsible for the game – wrote, “We're turning off all in-game purchases.”
Though the button prompt still shows up in the game, it leads to an error screen.
That's from my PlayStation 4 on Friday morning – the game's official launch day, when “Star Wars Battlefront 2” becomes widely available at retail and on digital storefronts on Xbox One, PlayStation 4, and PC.
But the controversy isn't over. Reddit users have latched onto another line from an EA statement.
“The ability to purchase crystals in-game will become available at a later date,” Gabrielson wrote in the letter, “only after we've made changes to the game.”
It's unclear when those microtransactions might come back to “Battlefront 2,” but the mere specter is keeping fans away.
“Don't fall for EA's tricks, this isn't over yet,” says one Reddit thread.
“Don't give EA an inch,” says another.
So how's the game? It's OK.
source EA
We'll have a full review of “Battlefront 2” shortly.
If you're on the fence after hearing about all this controversy, you could certainly wait a moment or two to buy it. It's not going anywhere, and there are a ton of other great games to play right now.
That said, the game's campaign is at times fun, at times bland, and mostly average. The multiplayer is similarly middle of the road, and you could do better on both fronts with many other games this holiday.
In one respect, however, it's better than most: “Battlefront 2” is an outrageously pretty game. If you're looking to show off your new 4K gaming console on your new 4K TV, it's a great way to do that.
All controversy and criticism aside, “Battlefront 2” is available now on Xbox One, PlayStation 4, and PC.
Leather made specially for vegans. Meet the mushroom leather which can be used for producing handbags, hats, ets. This is great news for all vegan buddies and this is definitely worth sharing! See the description of the pictures below.
1 a: A 100 percent biodegradable vegetal leather, extracted from mushroom caps and “tanned” using chemical-free methods. b: Resembles suede but is “much softer,” according to Italy-based textile manufacturer GradoZero Espace. c: Described as breathable, pliable, naturally water-repellant, and suitable for direct contact with human skin. d: Claims to stymie the proliferation of bacteria.
2: Easily shaped into myriad three-dimensional forms, including purses, watch straps, shoe insoles, and hats.
3: Similar to Myx, a Danish-made textile made by fusing commercial mushroom production waste with hemp or linen fibers to create a durable yet flexible matrix.
Source: © Ecouterre.com
Story highlights Writers predicted that diverse, liberal youth voters would secure Democratic majority
They say Tuesday election results proved them correct
They say GOP throws money at election, clings to culture war
Writers: Dems win with support of growing groups; GOP sees support of shrinking groups
In 2009, we wrote a book, "40 More Years: How Democrats Will Rule the Next Generation." Building on Ruy Teixeira and John Judis' 2002 tour de force "The Emerging Democratic Majority" predicting the 2008 election, we argued that America's diversifying and increasingly liberal youth voters would secure a lasting Democratic majority.
Our collaboration seemed appropriate then and is only more so now. On one half of the byline, you have James Carville, 68-year-old white man from Louisiana and professor at Tulane University. On the other side, you've got a 26-year-old second-generation Latina with a fiancée. Voters who look like James are on their way out; voters like Rebecca are our future.
A few reviewers missed the point of our focus on demographics. Others, primarily young, entitled, progressive men, critiqued us for not recommending that Democrats focus on appealing to young, entitled, progressive men. To this, we plead guilty. Our book was about demographic diversity and the future of the Democratic Party.
James Carville
After the midterm elections in 2010, we were mocked viciously. Our thesis was laughable, Republicans hooted, ignoring the book's careful caveat that midterm election turnout differs substantially from that of presidential elections.
We would like to direct these critics to the Epistle of Jude, 1:10: "Yet these men speak abusively against whatever they do not understand; and what things they do understand by instinct, like unreasoning animals—these are the very things that destroy them."
Tuesday night proved our 2009 selves could not have been more right. "Mid-20th century, white men made up half of the electorate," we wrote in 2009. "In 2008, white men made up only 36% of the electorate ... and their vote share is dropping by a percentage point a year."
Our only error was in slightly underestimating the rate at which white men's vote share is shrinking. White voters were 74% of voters in 2008; they were 72% this year. White men comprised just 34% of the electorate on Tuesday.
In 2009, we also commented on the Republicans' reliance on the far right and evangelical voters: "The shrinking Christian right leaves a void in the Republicans' collection of base groups—and they can't look to any growing groups to replace those votes."
Mitt Romney outperformed Sen. John McCain, the 2008 GOP presidential candidate, by 5 points with both white voters overall (59%) and white men (62%). They also bested McCain's margin among Republicans, winning 93% of self-identified Republicans as compared to McCain's 90%, and white evangelical voters, 79% compared with McCain's 73%. Romney lost by relying on a tapped-out, ever-shrinking group of voters.
JUST WATCHED How minorities affected the election Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH How minorities affected the election 02:37
JUST WATCHED Minorities, women helped Obama win Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Minorities, women helped Obama win 02:51
By way of contrast, Latinos now make up a greater share of the electorate than they did four years ago: 10% of all voters. Obama won 71% of Latinos, reflecting an increase in support of 4%. Similarly, the proportion of the electorate identifying as Asian increased from 2% to 3%, and Obama's support among Asian voters rose 11 points, from 62% to 73%.
There's an entire chapter in "40 More Years" on the importance of youth voters. Four years ago, 18% of the electorate was between 18 and 29. Now, youth are 19% of voters. We highlighted a critical trend within the youth vote: "Back in 1972, almost nine in 10 youth voters (87%) were white. By 2004, only 62% of youth said they were white." This year, about 58% of voters 18-29 identified as white; 42.1% of youth self-reported as African-American, Latino, or otherwise nonwhite.
We also predicted the implosion of Republicans' culture war strategy. Our conclusion was that "[w]hat Bush started in 2000 was a two-election trick that had met its natural and timely death by 2008." Our critics tried to answer our claim by citing the success of culture-war tactics in 2004 and their state-level effects in 2008. We ignored them.
As we said, "The consequence of Republicans' lingering preoccupation with the culture war is that it has led them to become a party of ridiculous positions." Republicans would "have to be certifiable," our sage selves circa 2009 warned, to ever try a culture war strategy again.
We could not be more delighted that Maine, Maryland and Washington became the first states in the country to pass same-sex marriage by popular vote on Tuesday. What we're downright thrilled about, however, is the fact that Mitt Romney got fewer votes than "traditional" marriage in every one of those states.
The Republicans did their damnedest to use the specter of homosexual marital bliss to incite their base voters to vote for Mitt Romney. In the past, that has worked. This time, the best they could do with millions of dollars and overt hate mongering—their favorite weapons—was mobilized a conservative minority that voted for "traditional marriage" but rejected Romney.
Some analyses have tried to make 2012 about single women or educated white women or some other narrow slice of the electorate. They're thinking small. The big picture is this: Democrats are continuing to win big with the demographic groups that are growing; Republicans are still struggling to increase support with shrinking base voter groups.
Republicans made critical, unforced errors in 2008 and 2012. Our present hope is that Republicans continue to mock rather than read "40 More Years," and that Democrats take heed. It's not that we like saying we told you so. It's just that we wrote an entire book telling you so.
Issue 8
0. Introduction
Welcome to issue 8 of the Chicken Gazette!
1. The Hatching Farm - New Eggs & The Egg Repository
It has been a good week for the egg repository, although it was one in a long time which did not have any new eggs. We mainly saw a few bug fix releases (getopt-long 1.9, dict 1.4, pstk 1.1 and colorize 0.3), as well as some releases introducing new features:
linenoise 0.4 Christian Kellermann added the handy procedure make-linenoise-port . This makes linenoise a viable alternative to the readline egg to be used as the current-input-port in csi . libsvm 0.2 Peter Lane's new egg has already been bumped to version 0.2 making Chicken the first programming language which allows you to be honest and humble about your programming skills by means of the newly introduced make-problem procedure. hyde 0.10 The latest release of the website compiler powering the Chicken Gazette adds a few handy features, including on-demand re-compilation for hyde serve (see the change log for more).
2. The Core - Bleeding Edge Development
Core development has been pretty quiet this week with only a little activity on the experimental branch. The most visible change is the addition of a blob literal syntax by Felix Winkelmann.
3. Chicken Talk
John Gabriele pointed out a few problems with the code colorization on the wiki which have been addressed and fixed by Peter Bex and Moritz Heidkamp. Thanks John!
Christian Kellermann suggested trying the relatively new DVCS fossil by giving a quick introduction, a few useful links as well as providing a fossil clone of the chicken-core git repository for us to play with. Definitely worth checking out!
Most importantly, Peter Bex appealed to all egg authors to document their undocumented eggs. They were even kind enough to compile a list of affected eggs. Fellow egg authors, let's remedy those gaps!
4. Omelette Recipes - Tips and Tricks
This week I'd like to direct your attention at our web server Spiffy. Its feature set is comparable to that of the Apache HTTP Server or lighttpd, although it doesn't sport as many extension modules (yet). While that may seem intimidating at first, it actually isn't: Since Spiffy is a Scheme web server, no idiosyncratic configuration file format is needed to set it up, all you need is a few s-exprs to get going! Let's start with a simple example:
( use spiffy ) ( vhost-map ` ( ( ( * any ) . , ( lambda ( continue ) ( send-response body: "hey there!
" headers: ' ( ( content-type text/plain ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( start-server port: 12345 )
Alright, what does that mean? The vhost-map thing may look a little odd at first. It is necessary because Spiffy has been built from the ground up to support virtual hosting. The vhost-map parameter is just an alist of hostnames to handlers. Hostnames are given as regular expressions (either traditional or SREs). In the example we just define a handler for (* any) , i.e. we use the same handler for all hostnames.
The handler procedure is called whenever a request for the matching hostname is to be handled. In the example, we always send a static plain text response regardless of what the request was using the convenience function send-response (let's ignore to continue argument for the moment). Execute the code using csi to make Spiffy listen on TCP port 12345. Try it like this:
$ curl 'http://localhost:12345/' hey there!
Or with a more complex URI, inspecting the response headers:
$ curl -D - 'http://localhost:12345/foo/bar?baz' HTTP/1.1 200 OK Content-Type: text/plain Server: Spiffy/4.8 (Running on Chicken 4.6.0) Content-Length: 11 Date: Mon, 18 Oct 2010 13:06:39 GMT hey there!
Very well! Now, usually a handler would inspect the current-request parameter (which holds an intarweb request record representing the currently handled request) to determine how to respond. Let's try to change our handler so that it only sends "hey there" when the path /hey is requested. Otherwise, we'd like to serve files from a certain directory (say /var/www ) or, if no such file exists, send a 404 response. This is how it can be done:
( use spiffy uri-common intarweb ) ( root-path "/var/www" ) ( vhost-map ` ( ( ( * any ) . , ( lambda ( continue ) ( if ( equal? ( uri-path ( request-uri ( current-request ) ) ) ' ( / "hey" ) ) ( send-response body: "hey there!
" headers: ' ( ( content-type text/plain ) ) ) ( continue ) ) ) ) ) ) ( start-server port: 12345 )
As you can see, we now need intarweb and uri-common to be able to inspect current-request . We also set the root-path which is akin do Apache's DocumentRoot directive. Since it is a paramter, it can be easily altered by handlers using paramterize . The handler itself is only slightly more complicated now: We check whether current-request 's uri-path is (/ "hey") ( uri-common 's way of representing the path /hey ) and if so just send the response as before. For any other path we call to continue procedure which is passed to our handler. This tells Spiffy "I am done with that request, please pass control on to the next handler". As it happens, the next handler is Spiffy's file system handler which will just take the uri-path , check whether it exists under the current root-path and then delivers the file. If the path doesn't exist, a 404 response is sent.
If you need more control over the response, you might want to augment current-response (which is, of course, an intarweb response record) directly instead of using send-response .
Spiffy ships a few more useful handlers which you can easily integrate into your own application. There's also an egg providing a directory listing handler as well as several eggs that may help you to create more advanced applications such as spiffy-request-vars, spiffy-cookies, spiffy-uri-match and http-session.
For real-world uses check out the Spiffy based image gallery application phoghorn, qwiki (the wiki software powering the Chicken wiki) and, of course, the infamous awful web framework.
You should now hopefully be able to create your own web applications with Chicken. Have fun!
5. About the Chicken Gazette
The Gazette is produced weekly by a volunteer from the Chicken community. The latest issue can be found at http://gazette.call-cc.org or you can follow it in your feed reader at http://gazette.call-cc.org/feed.atom. If you'd like to write an issue, check out the instructions and come and find us in #chicken on Freenode!
How Do I Become a Writer?
OneRoom Blocked Unblock Follow May 2, 2016
Become the Writer You Always Wanted to Be in These Easy Steps…Just Kidding. But here are a bunch of suggestions.
What's the best way to become a writer? It's a question haunting message boards across the internet. Some people offer answers, and there are some basic actions you can't get around: write a lot, read a lot, find time in your life for both of these things. But how each writer takes on these basic actions is entirely individual, from what you read to the work you need to do to financially support your writing life. Instead of going into a litany of case studies, I'll start with a bad metaphor. You're welcome.
Let's say developing a writing life is like climbing a long, slow cliff. Picture the Cliffs of Insanity from The Princess Bride, after the rope gets cut.
The writing life waiting at the top of the cliff can be whatever you want: bestseller, a children's book, a lyrical story collection, a heartrending memoir, a collection of poems. Or you may be surprised by where you find yourself. And this cliff metaphor doesn't totally work, because like most things in life, when you reach what you consider a major milestone, you're already looking up, looking for more.
In rockclimbing, you search for a path up the cliff. It depends on your body type and years of practice and conditioning and probably external factors I don't understand because I don't climb: wind, heat, light, terrain. Or, every surfer catches a different wave and each wave is different. Snowflakes. You get the gist. The thing to recognize here is that rock climbing is hard work. Surfing is difficult. Writing ain't no cakewalk, either (and, because writing, I have to go look up the origins of cakewalk, and now I know that cakewalks were actually challenging, and the conditions under which one originally would have found oneself at a cakewalk were beyond what any human should have to endure). A writer should expect to work hard.
Another example, this one more concrete: two friends of mine went back to the university where we studied creative writing to do a reading and Q&A. The students wanted to know about one thing: MFA programs. How much to spend, where to apply, which are good, etc. As college students, it makes sense that they were fixated on grad school. But I think this illustrates a key problem with our current creative writing culture. An MFA program provides two-to-four years of writing education. Writers will continue learning to be writers and writing (unless they throw in the towel) for the rest of their lives.
These students had in front of them a high-powered marketing exec who writes poems, short stories, and YA as well as raises their son. They love writing, and fits it into their already full calendar. The other writer in front of them is a prize-winning story writer who pays nominal rent in a punk house in Minneapolis. They pay the bills by waitering and teaching three days a week. They rarely date, and they aren't planning on having a family.  They are rich in writing time. Both women are writers, dear friends, attended the same MFA program, and nearly the same age. But how they have learned to fit writing into their lives is wildly different. And they are both successful at it.
A writer, like a seeker, should expect to find good and bad advice along the way, but never to follow the exact same path as another writer. The endless debates about whether creative writing can be taught and whether MFAs work and if you should pay for school or if you should work as a teacher or any other aspect of the writing life make what I believe to be a false assumption: that any of us can define one path to becoming a writer. If a tall climber tried to get me to scale a wall them way, I'd be screwed (4'10” and proud). But these tiny fingers can find purchase where a larger person could not. Maybe I can't show up to a pivotal competition where all the right people will be (sponsors, team coaches, etc.). A friend nails it and gets a great new gig. Bully for their (again, pause for etymology break).
In one of their lectures, Mary Ruefle says, “I never write with another body in the room, changing the flux of my mind.” Though I've been writing for over 15 years, this is the first time I've heard this aspect of my own writing behavior accurately explained. I can edit with another person in the room, maybe, but mostly my brainwaves function best in isolation. Some writers I know prefer busy cafes, and I've often wished I was one of them, thinking my need for isolation was a failing on my part.
I'm ashamed to admit this, but I needed to hear Ruefle's words in order to justify my own way of writing. This is yet another of the ways to become a writer. Setting aside the misleading, if well-intentioned, maxims tossed in the faces of those who have the impulse to write — which is only satisfied by writing — a writer-in-training will find bits of wisdom in which they recognize herself-as-writer, or the kind of writer they want to become.
A word of warning: you won't find what you need by looking in the same place over and over again. Starting with the basics, the canon, and the big publications is fine. But go international, go outside of your genre, look outside of your city. Use the internet to watch lectures. Chase down all the work of lesser-known writers you admire. A writer's education can get stuck on a loop of the same old conversation. Engage as many conversations about writing, with both the living and the dead, as you can.
What's the best way to become a writer? Your way. How do you become a writer? Look for examples of the kind of writer you want to be — on pages, on the streets, in anecdotes — and follow those crannies to climb your own path. This means reading, attending readings, reading the essays and letters of dead writers (I've found Chekhov's endlessly helpful). This means finding out how other writers make it work with or without family, money, universities, and the millions of other variables in a writing life. Most of all, to become a writer, you must write.
Laura Scott's writing has appeared in Michigan Quarterly Review, Okey-Panky, No Tokens, Tin House's Flash Friday, Monkeybicycle, and other publications. They serve as managing editor for Lavil: Life, Love, and Death in Port-au-Prince (McSweeney's/Verso 2017), and is one of OneRoom's novel writing coaches. Find out more about working with a coach here↓
A Texas councilwoman is dismissing calls for them to resign after audio leaked of them talking about getting “those blacks off the school board.” And not only is they not stepping down, but they actually defended their remarks by calling them their “honest opinion.”
Connie Trube was caught on tape talking to someone about the problems with a local school community. They said, “It's not going to get any better until you get those blacks off the school board…. They really turned black… They got on the school board with the rest of the blacks and they all just ganged up and that's why the school system has gone to hell.”
At a recent public meeting, residents called on Trube to resign for making offensive remarks. However, Trube is refusing those calls and explained, “What is on the tape is nothing more than me stating my honest opinion and I don't back down from that.”
Watch the video below, via KPRC:
video platformvideo managementvideo solutionsvideo player
[h/t Raw Story]
[image via screengrab]
— —
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter: @feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
The author of new research into organ trafficking has called for a concerted international effort to confront the problem.
Dr Ana Manzano, of the School of Sociology and Social Policy at the University of Leeds, says a combination of factors means nobody knows definitively how many organs are being traded across the world.
They said: "Unless these issues are addressed and countries work together to take firm action against the traffickers, more people who have their organs trafficked will die.
"Even in the UK, although the World Health Organization has identified us as a buyer country, we don't know the full extent of it."
The research, published in the journal Transplantation, describes five main reasons why the true extent of organ trafficking is difficult to pinpoint.
These factors are:
A reluctance by those who give away their organs to talk, because of fear of prosecution.
No agreement between countries about what penalties should be in place for those who buy organs, and little consistency in enforcing laws.
The high status of surgeons. Some surgeons perform illegal transplants knowing that they will only be caught if they are reported to regulatory bodies by colleagues.
The nature of organ trafficking offences means they can span several countries, making tracing organs difficult.
Insurers play a part in the proliferation of organ trafficking by paying for follow-up treatment to transplant patients.
Dr Manzano added: "Together, these factors have helped create the practice of organ laundering -- where the illegal purchase of organs takes on the veneer of a legal transaction.
"Countries should follow the example of places like Spain where reporting the recipient of an organ purchased abroad is compulsory if follow-up care is requested."
Although there is no internationally agreed definition, 'organ trafficking' is broadly defined as situations in which people are tricked into giving up organs, may sell them for financial gain but are not paid for as agreed.
Dr Manzano added: "If countries do nothing about this problem, the consequences for both donors and recipients can be terrible, as they may have to deal with dreadful health outcomes."
e-books in Linux category
Linux Inside
by 0xAX - GitBook , 2017
A book-in-progress about the linux kernel and its insides. The goal is simple - to share my modest knowledge about the insides of the linux kernel and help people who are interested in linux kernel insides, and other low-level subject matter.
(2065 views)
Into the Core: A look at Tiny Core Linux
by Lauri Kasanen - TinyCoreLinux.net , 2013
The Core book gives a gentle introduction to Core, its concepts, and how it functions. It covers Core from start to finish. The concepts are explained in detail, from usage details to internals, ending up with several example projects.
(2852 views)
Bodhi Linux 3 for Beginners
by Roger Carter - Smashwords , 2015
Bodhi Linux 3 incorporates the latest version of the elegant Enlightenment desktop manager. This guide explains in easy steps how to install Bodhi Linux on your computer, how to customize and use it, and how to install a range of applications.
(2080 views)
Desktop Linux
- Wikipedia , 2014
Linux is a Unix-like and POSIX-compliant computer operating system assembled under the model of free and open source software development. The defining component of Linux is the Linux kernel, an operating system kernel first released in 1991...
(2669 views)
Step-by-Step Guide to Bodhi Linux
by Roger Carter - Smashwords , 2014
Bodhi Linux is an offshoot of the Ubuntu Linux operating system. This guide is suitable for anyone migrating to Linux from Windows, and explains in easy steps how to install Bodhi Linux on your computer, how to customize and use it, etc.
(3725 views)
Puppy Linux
- Wikibooks , 2010
Puppy Linux is a free distribution (distro) of Linux that can run live (without installation). It is specifically designed to be smaller than other distros (and faster or suitable for older hardware) but nevertheless fully featured.
(5124 views)
Linux Sound
by Jan Newmarch , 2012
There is a large variety of tools for every aspect of Linux sound system. If two methods are developed for one task, which one should be chosen? What are the distinguishing features of one solution that make it more appropriate for your problem?
(4754 views)
The Linux Command Line
by William E. Shotts, Jr. - Lulu.com , 2009
Designed for the new command line user, this volume covers the same material as LinuxCommand.org but in much greater detail. In addition to the basics of command line use and shell scripting, the book includes some more advanced topics.
(13298 views)
CentOS Essentials
by Neil Smyth - Techotopia , 2010
CentOS Essentials is a book designed to provide detailed information on the use and administration of the CentOS 5.x Linux distribution. The book covers the basics of configuring the desktop environment, resolving screen resolution issues, etc.
(6868 views)
A Slackware Desktop Enhancement Guide
by Darrell Anderson - Human Readable , 2014
The pros and cons of Slackware could be summarized in one word: minimalism. This guide will help people overcome some of the common usability hurdles infamously associated with Slackware. The result is a stable and satisfying operating system.
(4986 views)
Linux Quick Fix Notebook
by Peter Harrison - Prentice Hall , 2005
This book provides instructions on how to configure the most popular Linux back office applications. To avoid confusion between the many flavors of Linux, this book exclusively uses the command line to illustrate the tasks needed to be done.
(8286 views)
The Linux Gamers' HOWTO
by Peter Jay Salzman, Frederic Delanoy , 2004
This is a stepping stone to to give people the knowledge to begin thinking about what is going on with their games. You need to know a little more about what's going on behind the scenes with your system to be able to keep your games healthy.
(12255 views)
Linux Parallel Processing HOWTO
by Hank Dietz - The Aggregate , 1998
This document discusses the basic approaches to parallel processing available to Linux users: SMP Linux systems, clusters of networked Linux systems, parallel execution using multimedia instructions, and attached processors hosted by a Linux system.
(7797 views)
The Linux Wireless LAN Howto
by Jean Tourrilhes , 2007
This document will explore the magical world of Wireless LANs and Linux. Wireless LAN is not a very widespread and well known technology, even in the Linux world, so we will try to gather here most of the available information.
(9868 views)
Linux IPv6 HOWTO
by Peter Bieringer , 2009
The goal of the Linux IPv6 HOWTO is to answer both basic and advanced questions about IPv6 on the Linux operating system. This HOWTO will provide the reader with enough information to install, configure, and use IPv6 applications on Linux machines.
(9403 views)
Linux Dictionary
by Binh Nguyen , 2004
This document is designed to be a resource for those Linux users wishing to seek clarification on Linux/UNIX/POSIX related terms and jargon. At approximately 24000 definitions it is one of the largest Linux related dictionaries currently available.
(9981 views)
Guide to Managing Media and Public Relations in the Linux Community
by Sheldon Rose - Linux Professional Institute , 2005
This document is intended for people who want to learn practical ways to raise the profile of an organization or promote new programs. This guide provides information on how to generate positive public relations and news media coverage for Linux.
(14006 views)
The Linux Kernel
by Andries Brouwer , 2003
This text covers the kernel source, user space and the libc interface, system calls, signals, file names and files, filesystems, Linux virtual file system, memory, processes, character devices, asynchronous events, sysfs and kobjects, security.
(10299 views)
GNU/Linux Command-Line Tools Summary
by Gareth Anderson , 2006
This document is an attempt to provide a summary of useful command-line tools available to a GNU/Linux based operating system, the tools listed are designed to benefit the majority of users and have being chosen at the authors discretion.
(8363 views)
Pocket Linux Guide
by David Horton - LDP , 2005
The Pocket Linux Guide is for anyone interested in learning the techniques of building a GNU/Linux system from source code. Each chapter explores a small piece of the overall system explaining how it works, why it is needed and how to build it.
(7428 views)
Linux 102 Examination: Modular Training Notes
- Leading Edge Business Solutions , 2006
This course aims to equip you with the knowledge to be able to pass the LPI 102 examination (release 2). We hope that in the course of doing this course you will acquire the skills that go with an understanding of how Linux works.
(6711 views)
Linux 101 Examination: Modular Training Notes
- Leading Edge Business Solutions , 2006
This course material is based on the objectives for the Linux Professionals Institute's LPI 101 examination. The course is intended to provide you with the basic skills required for operating and administering Linux systems.
(12505 views)
Linux 101 Hacks
by Ramesh Natarajan - The Geek Stuff , 2009
There are total of 101 hacks in this book that will help you build a strong foundation in Linux. All the hacks are explained with appropriate Linux command examples that are easy to follow. The hacks are concise, well written and easy to read.
(10752 views)
Linux in the Workplace
by SSC - No Starch Press , 2002
Introduction to the desktop capabilities of Linux and the KDE graphical user interface. The book includes information on how to perform general office-related tasks, how to use email and surf the Internet, work with the command line, and more.
(7219 views)
The CTDP Linux User's Guide
by Mark Allen - CTDP , 2000
Organized overview of Linux commands, file systems, system configuration, networking, managing users and processes, configuration of X, init process, liLO and the kernel, setting up system logging, user accounting, CRON, network, DNS, DHCP, etc.
(6451 views)
OpenSUSE Desktop Essentials
- Techotopia , 2007
The book covers the use and configuration of the openSUSE GNOME desktop environment. Topics covered include changing the background, installing and customizing themes, configuring fonts, configuring workspaces, remote access to the desktop, etc.
(6189 views)
GNU Emacs Manual
by Richard Stallman - Free Software Foundation , 2007
GNU Emacs is much more than a word processor. This book explains the full range of Emacs' power and contains reference material useful to expert users. Appendices with specific material for Macintosh and Microsoft OS users are included.
(10896 views)
Slackware Linux Essentails, 2nd Edition
by D. Cantrell, L. Johnson, A. Hicks, C. Lumens - FreeBSD Mall , 2005
This Book in designed to get you started with Slackware Linux operating system. It`s not meant to cover every single aspect of the distribution, but rather to show what it is capable of and give you a basic working knowledge of the system.
(10715 views)
Knowing Knoppix
by Phil Jones - Wikibooks , 2008
This is a guide to the Knoppix Linux for the complete beginner. There is no need to install Knoppix, it runs Linux completely from a CD or DVD. Read this text if you are curious about Linux, and you want to discover what all the fuss is about.
(6876 views)
Self-Service Linux: Mastering the Art of Problem Determination
by Mark Wilding, Dan Behman - Prentice Hall PTR , 2005
The book goes into details about the linux system, how to use built in tools, how to read C source code, how that C source translates into assembly, how different assembly optimizations can make debugging difficult, the memory heap and stack, etc.
(8527 views)
Agustin's Linux Manual
by Agustin Velasco - vegaslocal.com , 2003
Step-by-step tutorial on GNU/Linux based on Mandrake Linux. The book covers everything from installation to system administration: set up Apache web server, bind Postfix email servers, DNS, Samba server and security, how to close unnecessary ports.
(7458 views)
Linux Kernel in a Nutshell
by Greg Kroah-Hartman - O'Reilly Media, Inc. , 2006
Comprehensive overview of kernel configuration and building, a critical task for Linux users and administrators. The book covers configuration and installation steps, control of kernel options at runtime, determining what drivers are needed, etc.
(11486 views)
Linux Internals
by Simone Demblon, Sebastian Spitzner - The Shuttleworth Foundation , 2004
A textbook that shows the internal workings of the system in an approachable fashion, so that anyone can use this text to learn. The authors explain the lower level information without becoming too entrenched in the nitty-gritty details.
(11325 views)
Linux from Scratch
by Gerard Beekmans - Iuniverse Inc , 2000
Teaches you how a Linux operating system works internally and provides the necessary steps to build your own customized Linux system. Information are provided about all that makes Linux work, how system things get together, and depend on each other.
(12355 views)
Linux Client Migration Cookbook
- IBM.Com/Redbooks , 2006
Provides a technical planning reference for IT organizations that are considering a migration to Linux-based personal computers. This book explains some of the important planning issues that you could encounter during a migration project.
(8682 views)
DuSt Gaming is a North American eSports organization primarily focusing in StarCraft II, Dota 2, and Hearthstone squads. It was formed by its two owners after their move from the Warcraft III community into StarCraft upon the release of Wings of Liberty. DuSt Gaming regularly attends StarCraft II offline events such as MLG and Redbull Battlegrounds.
History [ edit ]
Player Roster [ edit ]
ID Name 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 fr t Abbadon Quentin Denizot - - - - - - - - - hr p Blask Bruno Šprajcar - - - - - - - - - fr t Contentgaga Alexandre Dellesse - - - - - - - - - ru p EnigmA Vladimir Yegorov - - - - - - - - - cl z HalfBreed Felipe Zuñiga 3rd 5 - 8th 9 - 16th - - 3rd 3 - 4th 5 - 6th - kr t HHQuanTa Kim Hyeon Ho - - - - - - - - - us z Jardozer Jared Collins - - - - - - - - - cl t Jarppi Rodrigo Hinojosa - - - - - 5 - 8th 3 - 4th 5 - 6th E8a Ro48 no z KinG Tom-Andre Lærum - - - - - - - - - us z Liqht Kalish Jayaram - - - - - - - - - fr t MiNho Clément Rieu - - - - - - - - - kr z PenguiN Nam Yoon Seok - - - - 25 - 32nd - 13 - 16th - - us p RaNgeD Austin King - 33 - 48th - - - - - - - us p ReSpOnSe Jonathan Layman - - - - - - - - - mx t Sinner Francisco Garza - - - - - - - - - fr z SoulSpirit ( ) Alexy Duviler - - - - - - - - 17 - 24th KR T Spear Kim Hyun Mok 25 - 32nd - - - - - - - - US T Spectre Christopher Neel - - - - - - - - - KR P StuN Seung Hyun Kim - - - - - - - - - us t Vindicta ( ) Miguel Marmolejo - - - - - - - 13 - 16th 17 - 24th
Inactive [ edit ]
ID Name 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 KR T Apocalypse Kim Min Hyung - 33 - 48th 9 - 12th 5 - 8th 17 - 32nd - - - kr t LabyRinth Doh Yoo Hyun Y - Y - LD2 Ro32 - - - - - US T LovE Jesse Rich - - - - - 49 - 64th - - US Z PLZLEAVEDUCK Ryan Maykrantz - - - - - - - - KR T Sonagi Choi Jeong Han - - - - - - - - USA P sWs Stephen Schnieder - 105 - 136th 49 - 64th 33 - 64th - 33 - 48th - - us T theWalrus Douglas Doidge 64 - 128th 64 - 256th - 64 - 128th - 33 - 48th - -
Former [ edit ]
Organization [ edit ]
ID Name Position Bidoux Ricky Robidoux Owner / General Manager John John Dieter StarCraft 2 Manager
Team Achievements [ edit ]
Highlight Videos [ edit ]
Interviews [ edit ]
A newly discovered fossil fish named Megamastax amblyodus is the largest vertebrate known in the Silurian fossil record, says a group of paleontologists led by Dr Brian Choo of Flinders University in Adelaide, Australia, and the Beijing Institute of Vertebrate Paleontology and Paleoanthropology.
Megamastax amblyodus was a primitive lobe-finned fish (Sarcopterygii). The paleontologists think it measured up to 1 m in length and had 17 cm long jaws.
“It's always been thought that Silurian fish were all small because, until now, no fossils of species more than 30 cm or so in length have ever been discovered. But from the site in Yunnan, near the city of Qujing, we uncovered a diverse collection of jawed fish from Silurian sediments, including the new Megamastax, a predator vastly larger than any other vertebrate known from this age,” explained Dr Choo, who, along with colleagues, reported the discovery in the journal Scientific Reports.
Three fossil specimens of this prehistoric fish were unearthed from the Silurian Kuanti Formation (about 423 million years ago) of Yunnan, China.
The discovery of Megamastax amblyodus refutes the long-held belief that large predatory fish did not emerge until much later in the Devonian period (410 to 360 million years ago).
“The discovery adds a new twist on our understanding of the ancient atmosphere,” Dr Choo added.
“As modern large fish tend to be more sensitive to oxygen availability than smaller ones, the apparent absence of big Silurian fishes has been used to calibrate some models of Earth's atmospheric history, with supposedly lower oxygen levels restricting body size prior to the Devonian. However, evidence of a 1-m-long fish swimming about 423 million years ago strongly refutes the idea,” they said.
“While by themselves, these fossils do not give an exact indication of what the atmosphere was like in the Silurian, they are still a significant new piece of the puzzle that will be incorporated into further research.”
The discovery of Megamastax amblyodus indicates that much of the earliest chapter of vertebrate evolution remains to be uncovered.
______
Brian Choo et al. 2014. The largest Silurian vertebrate and its palaeoecological implications. Scientific Reports 4, article number: 5242; doi: 10.1038/srep05242
Go ahead. Give it a read. I'll wait...
There are several things that I'd like to comment on and give some perspective. I've been running a sandbox campaign for nine years, fairly successfully. I have three ongoing campaigns within that same sandbox world, as well as many convention games and wargames happening. All (mostly) concurrently. All (mostly) affecting each other. So, I'd like to think that my experiences may be of value.
David writes:
Original Dungeons & Dragons never started as pure sandbox, because the rules included a goal: Take treasure from dungeons and the wilderness. By rule, characters who won treasure gained experience and power. They won D&D.
When the original D&D characters reached high, name level, the game turned into a sandbox where players chose a new goal for their characters.
...
Instead of embracing the freedom of a high-level sandbox, players returned to dungeons.
OD&D was not written from the perspective of pro-sandbox or pro-railroad. It was a toolkit for executing campaigns. There's plenty of evidence that there were many sandboxes that had plots woven within them (see Greyhawk, Blackmoor, Empire of the Petal Throne, Arduin that were released as rule books/game settings) but that allowed the DM and players the freedom to do with as they wanted.
I believe that if players were returning to the dungeon, it wasn't from the idea that players hate sandboxes, but that it's easier to run a dungeon than a vibrant, alive world. It is hard work to map out NPCs, dynamics, world events, regional events, local events and weave the tapestry that your players then come in and reweave on a weekly or monthly basis! Of course having a dungeon is going to limit the scope versus a world.
Yet for those who were running campaign worlds had to create their own because there wasn't the proscribed campaign settings that are tightly woven into the rules, like we see today. By nature, these worlds were open to player actions and world reactions because there wasn't the official episodes of settings and places generating income for the publisher.
I run with OD&D and AD&D. I award XP for monsters killed/dealt-with and treasure obtained. I also award eXPloration XP, I also increase a player's level for having achieved an organization's goal or having done something that raises their own stature. Did you just make your diety's religion more important/relevant or complete some major goal for that church? Tada! You've been awarded next level because your organization has elevated you. That was an idea stolen from one of the truly great sandboxes - Professor MAR Barker's Tekumel (the asupervisorstioned Empire of Petal Throne).
David goes on to write:
When dungeon masters offer a true sandbox and come willing to improvise any course their players choose, they confound players. Once the players stop wondering what they're supposed to do, they struggle to choose from boundless possibilities. Whatever they finally decide, they leave the table with a nagging feeling that they chose wrong.
This is a common fallacy - that sandbox DMs are supposed to just sit there and wait for players to decide what to do. If you want to take an outlier, edge definition of sandbox, then this follows, but I don't think that's the typical case.
At least it hasn't for me. I run a West Marches style of game . That means the players came up with the mission that I prepare for. If, during the game, they choose to go somewhere else, I'm perfectly happy to present them with gnomes in hardhats, busy building up a portion of my world with huge "CONSTRUCTION AREA" signs. Or tell them to go away for a half hour while I whip up what I need to do prep for their change of plans. Fortunately, they don't do that.
I never ran a sandbox as such a sterile Mars-like environment. No, when players enter my world, they are in a VIBRANT, LIVING world. Now, is that overwhelming? It could be, which is why I dangle three or four things for them, based on what kind of characters they are. My players have ignored plenty of hooks, but that's the point - the sandbox doesn't rely on them progressing from point A to point B in a proscribed manner. It will, however, continue on if they choose point X to point Y. A and B will still happen and do things, but without player involvement.
Real life example - my players spent an enormous amount of time splitting their efforts between an abandoned dwarven mine and a monastery teeming with Chaos. It took them two years to complete one thing. That meant that as they explored the mines, the Chaos monastery was increasing in power, it's denizens getting closer to the goal of bringing a Dark One into the realm. When they went back to the monastery, the mines repopulated with weirder creatures and Bad Things started happening.
But that's the point of a sandbox - that you don't have a monolithic plot driving your world - your world, and the players within, drive the plot!
Wow, I've written a lot words here and I still have two more disagreements with David... so stay tuned for tomorrow! (The second part is here .)
I've found a couple of interesting blogs over the summer that have made for some interesting reading. One of which is DMDavid's blog - they seem like a nice guy, has some good ideas and he's clearly played in both Old-school and Nu-school worlds. Like any good DM, it seems like he's taken lessons from everywhere.
Sacramento police said an officer shot and killed a man who confronted officers with what they thought was a gun when they responded to a call of domestic violence Friday afternoon.The shooting took place about 5:30 p.m. at a home in the 2000 block of 61st Street.Officers initially responded to the home after a neighbor called police after hearing a disturbance involving a man and woman.When officers arrived, they found a woman outside the home. A 42-year-old man then confronted officers with what appeared to be a handgun, police said.One of the officers, fearing for their safety and the safety of their partner, opened fire while retreating from the front of the home, authorities said.The man was taken to a nearby hospital, where they died from their wounds.The gun the man was holding was later found to be a black, semiautomatic-style BB gun. The weapon was visually indistinguishable from a real handgun, according to police.The suspect's name hasn't been released.Officers blocked a two-block radius around a home on 61st Street, south of Highway 50 as they investigated the shooting well into the night.The two officers involved have been put on administrative leave. KCRA's Sharokina Shams contributed to this report.
Sacramento police said an officer shot and killed a man who confronted officers with what they thought was a gun when they responded to a call of domestic violence Friday afternoon.
The shooting took place about 5:30 p.m. at a home in the 2000 block of 61st Street.
Advertisement Related Content Girlfriend: Sacramento police woke up man minutes before shooting
Officers initially responded to the home after a neighbor called police after hearing a disturbance involving a man and woman.
When officers arrived, they found a woman outside the home. A 42-year-old man then confronted officers with what appeared to be a handgun, police said.
One of the officers, fearing for their safety and the safety of their partner, opened fire while retreating from the front of the home, authorities said.
The man was taken to a nearby hospital, where they died from their wounds.
The gun the man was holding was later found to be a black, semiautomatic-style BB gun. The weapon was visually indistinguishable from a real handgun, according to police.
The suspect's name hasn't been released.
Officers blocked a two-block radius around a home on 61st Street, south of Highway 50 as they investigated the shooting well into the night.
The two officers involved have been put on administrative leave.
KCRA's Sharokina Shams contributed to this report.
AlertMe
Design:
With the boiler now finished, I had the dimensions of the stove. This was where the project would succeed or fail.
I found out that of the two kinds of small alcohol stove designs out there, the sealed ones where a bit safer. But still, if you tipped one over, you could still get alcohol lit all over the place.
And there was also the problem of the amount of fuel need. In all the designs I found you filled up the stove with fuel and used it until it ran out.
I build prototype #1 based on this concept. It was small, it ran for 20 seconds before using up its fuel and almost got me burned.
Now I knew that I needed to get more fuel into the stove, but that meant a bigger stove and that would break constraint 1. This told me that my stove had to be externally fed.
Online research only gave up 1 type of stove that fit the bill (www.minibulldesign.com/) but looking at those beautiful stoves, it was clear that they broke design constraints 2,3 and 6.
I had no option but to design a new kind of tiny, externally fed, intrinsically safe, alcohol stove.
It took me over a month of work, lots and lots of research and tinkering and refining ideas, but finally, lucky prototype number 13…..Waass aaliiiveee !!!
It ran 18 min, 36 seconds on a full charge of alcohol.
I actually had the intention of staging an “accident” where I would tip over the stove full of fuel in a controlled environment.
Luck would have it, that my clumsiness got there first: during a second run of the stove, after about a minute lit, I accidently hit it with my hand and tipped it over. Since I was still using a piece of tape as the security cap and air flow control, all the alcohol got out and spilled over the table and on me. The stove turned off immediately after it tipped so the spilled fuel never got lit.
The design was a success!
The end design is really simple and obvious in the way good designs tend to be. The hard part was getting there.
The stove has three main parts:
1. Fuel tank with flow control
2. Vaporizer
3. Diffuser and heat exchanger.
The stove works on the principle of vaporizing only the amount of fuel to be immediately burned. This gives us two good things: it allows an external fuel source and since only a small amount of vapor is available to the flames, any interruption in fuel supply would automatically turn off the stove (constraint 6).
I made a lot of different types of flow controls (one using the valve out of a lighter) but in the end, a simple unplugged syringe with a bit of tape over the top with 1 pin sized hole in it gave me the one-drop per second that a stove this size needed. It was simple and cheap (even though they don't sell any at Home Depot, you can get them at any pharmacy). The flow rate is so small, that the fuel tank tap only needs a tiny hole at the top to balance the pressure and keep the flow going. This also is a big win in the safety department, because the hole is in fact so small, that if you tip the fuel tank on its side, no fuel comes out.
If you want (and I can bet someone will) you can very easily scale the stove to a size big enough to use as a camp stove (there's an idea for a future Instructable).
In the most recent round of exit interviews, Survivor's latest boot, Cole Medders, reminded me of an important factor on any season. The ability to navigate the game from the top. It's something that is hard to teach, even harder to learn, and some people simply don't have the makeup to do well in the majority.
Going through the normal rounds of exit press, Cole gave an interview with Xfinity's Gordon Holmes. In these interviews, Gordon loves to do word association with the latest boot in relation to their season's cast. This is what Cole had to say about the people they spent time in Fiji with.
Holmes: Alright, word association time. Let's start with Mike.
Medders: Mike's lovable. He's probably one of the funniest guys I've met.
Holmes: Ben?
Medders: Manipulative…which is what you need on “Survivor.”
Holmes: Chrissy?
Medders: Over-confident.
Holmes: Roark?
Medders: Quirky.
Holmes: JP?
Medders: A bro.
Holmes: Lauren?
Medders: She's tough. She's got a big attitude…in a good way.
Holmes: Desi?
Medders: Besides being intelligent and beautiful, she's very personable. You can talk to them forever.
Holmes: Ashley?
Medders: I don't think I had more than one conversation with Ashley the whole time.
Holmes: Devon?
Medders: He's got this awesome spirit about him. He's a light, honestly. They draw people towards him.
Holmes: Joe?
Medders: (Laughs) Joe's loud.
Holmes: Ryan?
Medders: Witty and comical.
Holmes: Let's finish with Jessica.
Medders: Genuine and sincere.
Even if Cole isn't outright saying it, it's clear that within the majority alliance, there are people Cole liked a lot more than others. Ben and Chrissy get struck with the more negative words whereas people like Devon, Ryan, and even Lauren, are seen much more positively. That tells you a lot about how they function within the dominant alliance that is slowly picking off all of the healers.
It's been said numerous times, we see so very little of what goes on in the game. A big reason for that is that a lot of what goes on is simply boring. People laying around on a beach. They're all low energy from the lack of food, water, and proper sleep. Showing that on television would just be repeating the footage from Survivor: the Australian Outback's last three days.
The thing is, even though those moments may be boring to us, they are certainly important for the players left in the game. With limited options on the island, the players left in the game spend their time hanging out and talking. Sometimes about the game, which is what we see on television, but even more often about their lives.
It may not be clearly stated each season but those bonding moments can make or break a player's game. Even though the strategy may force people into different alliances, socialization should not stop within your own circle of trust. You may be competing against some of the players but you should still make an effort to befriend them.
How Cole is describing Chrissy, Ben, and Ashley tells me that they are not making too big of an effort to connect outside of their alliance. That's a massive misstep. Just because you've mathematically eliminated someone in your head, pretending like they're already gone is going to come across badly to these players in the minority. In the end, they are still a jury vote and while we may like to pretend like the most “strategic” player always wins, it's absolutely the case that the jury needs to feel good about who they will be voting for.
At the other end of the spectrum, Cole's opinions on Ryan, Lauren, and especially Devon make me think that these players were doing their fair share of cross-alliance mingling. Devon's been getting a lot of praise this week and he's going to get more from me. I think that in this cast, their personality is most naturally suited to play Survivor.
Yes, that Devon.
Some of the all-time greatest winners had skills that just couldn't be talked. I'm thinking specifically of Earl Cole, J.T., and Kim Spradlin. They had something within them that made people feel at ease. That sense of comfort allowed for those winners to extract information from their tribemates without many problems. We saw people practically laying down for J.T. to get to the end of Survivor: Tocantins. It wasn't anything that J.T. was intentionally doing, it was simply how people felt around them.
Now I'm not putting Devon at these legends' level just yet but I do think that they share some of those qualities. Just look at how Cole described him, “He's got this awesome spirit about him. He's a light, honestly. They draw people towards him”. That's not something that Devon can fake, it's simply something that they inherently have in their personality and it makes people like him. It's happened constantly from Josh Wigler in the pre-game press to Cole in their exit interview. Devon is somebody you can't help but like.
This isn't to take away the work that Devon has put in. You can have all that innate charisma but if you do nothing about it, it won't matter. That Cole speaks so highly of Devon, it means that Devon put in their time with Cole to make sure they connected further than on a superficial level. Making sure you establish those connections is what could win you the game.
In every season of Survivor, there's going to be a side that ends up on top, and one that draws the short end of the stick. It's inevitable that some people will have to lose to create a winner. The players that end up on the majority have an easier ride to the end, but ignoring the minority like Ben and Chrissy seem to be doing is recipe for disaster.
Nobody likes to lose but there are ways to mitigate the hurt feelings. One way to do that is to simply talk to the people on the outs. It happens in Survivor and we especially see it on Big Brother. The next person, or the next few people, going out become social pariahs. They are outcast from the rest of the cast and people are afraid to talk to them. It's a coping mechanism for the fact that the majority is about to end that people's chance at a lot of money. Villainizing them is a lot easier than mending fences.
A more obscure example of somebody listening to the minority was Yul Kwon in Survivor: Cook Islands. With the Aitu 4 having gained control over the numbers thanks to the God idol, Yul put themselves in the driver's seat to get to the end. Seeing a tough road at final tribal council, with a lot of unhappy Raros blaming Yul for their loss, Yul decided to be proactive.
They knew how much Adam Gentry and Parvati Shallow did not like Jonathan Penner. When Adam told Yul they would give them their vote at final tribal, as long as Penner went before Adam, Yul saw their chance to strike. They voted out Penner ahead of Adam and in the end, Yul won over Ozzy Lusth 5–4. Adam honored their deal with Yul, becoming the swing vote that crowned Yul as their season's sole survivor.
Good players realize the need for existing relationships with the people who don't factor into your game plan. Those who don't get painted as gamebots. People who only see numbers like a game of chess. On paper, it's a fun analogy. In reality, it's never correct. Survivor will never be an analogue to chess because it will always involve real people. Players like Devon, who seem to understand that angle, have a much better shot at thriving in the end than people who fail to see the human beings attached to the numbers in their minds.
In another attempt at damage control over the reservation issue in the last lap of the Bihar elections, Prime Minister Narendra Modi Sunday said Mahagathbandhan leaders Nitish Kumar and Lalu Prasad had sought a review of the existing system in 2005 to provide for religion-based quotas.
Advertising
“Lalu and Nitish did not even see eye to eye. On July 23 and 24 in 2005, Lalu and Nitish babu came on a common stage and sought a review, relook and change in the reservation policy on religious basis. Ambedkar, other Constitution builders, Rajendra babu (Rajendra Prasad), Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru and Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel had opposed reservation on the basis of religion,” Modi said.
[related-post]
Denying that the BJP wanted a change in the policy, they added, “Today when you are caught, you are rattled… you are accusing us of spreading communalism. Your darbari people (courtiers) sitting in Delhi cannot help you win. It is the people who decide, not the Jantar Mantar-types.”
No political party in the country had “the power to take away and undo” reservation guaranteed to the weaker sections in the Constitution by B R Ambedkar, the PM said.
Advertising
Speaking at a massive rally in Katihar in Seemanchal, one of Bihar's most backward regions, with a high concentration of Muslims, the PM also called for Hindu-Muslim unity to fight poverty.
BJP leaders have been reiterating that they don't want any change in the quota system ever since RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat stirred up a controversy seeking a review.
“When I criticised them (Nitish, Lalu) over the games being played by them and highlighted their speeches in Parliament (favouring religion-based reservation), they panicked and even their ‘masters' in Delhi had fever,” Modi said.
Recalling one of their earlier speeches, the PM added, “We should decide who we must be fighting. Should Hindus fight with Muslims and should Muslims fight with Hindus? Or instead, should Hindus and Muslims fight unitedly to get rid of poverty? We should all fight together to eradicate poverty.”
Further attacking Nitish and Lalu, they said the JD(U) and RJD had been ruling Bihar for 25 years. “Twenty-five years is not a small period. I have not even completed 25 months. And who has benefited (in this time)? Did the people of Bihar benefit? Only Lalu's family and Nitish's friends benefited.”
Also attacking the Congress, Modi said, “Madam Sonia Gandhi's party ruled Bihar for 35 years. Lalu was in power for 15 years and Nitish was chief minister for 10 years. They destroyed Bihar. You punished madam Sonia Gandhi's party and it never came back. You then punished Lalu, who also never came back. Punish Nitish this time and throw them out.”
A government, Modi added, should be for the poor as the rich do not need a helping hand. The “stones” thrown at them by Nitish and Lalu daily would become steps for them to take Bihar forward, they said.
At another rally in Madhubani, the PM brought up the video purportedly showing Nitish with a ‘tantrik', and said, “They have made fun of democracy. Those who don't believe in democracy do ‘jantar-mantar' (black magic)… Can you get electricity, water, employment, education by doing ‘jantar mantar'?… ‘Jungle Raj' now has a twin brother in ‘jantar-mantar'. Don't let ‘Jungle Raj' and ‘jantar-mantar' come together.”
Noting the presence of women at their election rallies, Modi said it was because they “know the problems of jungle raj, of kidnappings, and are seeking change”. “The number of women attending our rallies is higher than those during the Lok Sabha polls. The hint is clear.”
Advertising
Modi also addressed a rally at Madhepura. They highlighted the work undertaken by their government for cleaning the Ganga, and recalling the devastation brought by the Kosi river a few years ago, said they were keen to serve the people there too. But “the arrogance of some” stopped him. Nitish had returned the financial assistance extended by Modi at the time.
(With PTI inputs)
There are 16 games left in the Orioles' season, and Ubaldo Jimenez might start four of them. He's on track to do so, beginning Friday night against the Rays. If you had told an Orioles fan two months ago that this would be the outlook of the team's push for a playoff spot, they would have been stricken. Jimenez's career is notable for a couple stretches of dominance amid prolonged periods of either inconsistency or outright failure. He's never had a delivery conducive to good command. Once batters realize they no longer throws in the mid-to-upper 90s and is rarely around the strike zone, they often begin waiting them out, eagerly accepting walks unless and until they make a mistake out over the plate. Going into the All-Star break, Jimenez had an ERA north of 7.00.
The Orioles tried to find a way to exile them to their bullpen—tried twice, arguably. Dylan Bundy made six very good starts, and has since had six very uneven ones, as they push far past their previous benchmarks for seasonal workload. Wade Miley, whose acquisition at the trade deadline really did precipitate Jimenez's move to the bullpen in August, has an 8.41 ERA in their eight starts with the team. Thanks to a mixture of injury and implosion, the rotation has been fluid, but the Orioles proactively chose at least Miley, and arguably Bundy, over Jimenez.
That's why it's staggering that, in four starts over three weeks since being thrust back into the rotation, Jimenez is holding opponents to an OPS south of .500. They have a 2.83 ERA, 17 strikeouts, and six walks in 107 batters faced. He's pitched at least six innings in all four outings. The starts were against the Nationals, Blue Jays, Rays, and Tigers, too, so there's no dismissing it as a particularly soft patch and a small sample.
Jimenez has made real changes. Their familiar, idiosyncratic delivery hasn't changed in an especially marked way, but they seem to be repeating it better. They might be trading some momentum for a bit of control, both over their body and (by extension) over their pitches. Because he's been less erratic and has executed their pitches better, he's getting more swings on their splitter than he's gotten in some time. They always get plenty of whiffs on that pitch, because the movement on it is terrific. This small realignment, or change in rhythm, has allowed them to keep the pitch around the plate enough to get more swings, so he's not walking batters and he's getting more swings and misses.
He's also set aside their four-seam fastball lately, favoring a cutter that still seems to be a work in progress, but also the overhand curveball that played an important complementary role in their arsenal back in 2009 and 2010, then mostly faded out of the picture. As a matter of fact, Jimenez has thrown 19 and 17 curves in their last two starts, more than they had thrown in any start since a random one in 2012, and before that, since their playoff start against the Phillies in 2009. Batters are hitting .167 against that curve since Jimenez returned to the rotation—in a minute sample, sure. But Jimenez seems not only to have tightened their command a bit, but found a pitch that can keep opponents from locking in on their primary sinker-splitter combination and induce some weak contact at the same time.
There's no grand transformation here. The evidence suggests Jimenez has made some valuable evolutionary adjustments, shoring up weaknesses over the short term and giving themselves a better chance to work in and out of trouble. The evidence does not suggest that the five miles per hour he's lost on their fastball over the last several years are coming back. Better command has allowed their splitter and their slider to play up, and broadening their arsenal has slowed the pace at which opponents can adjust to their adjustments and push them back to the lab. Still, their next start could be the one in which bad, erratic Ubaldo Jimenez returns with a vengeance. The Orioles have to hope it isn't. Right now, at this moment, he's the viable mid-rotation starter they paid for in free agency three years ago, and if they can keep them at that level for a few weeks more, they've got a great shot at reaching the playoffs.
By
Everyone's favorite 7-year old Ron Washington doppelganger Liam Roybal spent all day yesterday becoming a viral sensation on the Internet.
Click right now if you haven't seen Little Ron Washington because they have the best sports-related Halloween costume you'll see this year.
And today, Liam moves from the computer screen to the TV screen, as they and their mom were featured on FOX 4 here in Dallas today. So if you want meet Liam/Little Ron, check out the video below.
They were also featured in studio this morning on FOX 4. My girlfriend just relayed to me that part of the reason they created the Little Ron Washington costume was because Liam was supposed to dress up as someone they wanted to be for Career Day at school.
Hopefully Liam and their family can get tickets to the World Series, which moves to Arlington starting tomorrow. Who knows, if the real Ron Washington can't start managing their bullpen better, Liam may be pressed into managerial duty. If so, he's already got the seed spitting down. What else is there to know?
**********
The last time Willie Mitchell took the ice at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, the veteran defenseman could be seen circling the rink with the Stanley Cup hoisted high above their head, the silver trophy shining nearly as bright as their bearded grin.
Of the 18 forwards and defensemen that helped lift the Kings to a 3-2 double-overtime victory over the New York Rangers that night, Mitchell would be the only one not to return the following season.
After a prosperous four-year run that included two Stanley Cups, the 37-year-old veteran had become a salary cap casualty.
"Being just completely honest, I didn't know my time as an L.A. King was going to end until a few days before free agency," Mitchell said in September. "The team decided to sign one of our star forwards and once they signed, there was no money left over to sign myself."
Finding a new home in Florida, Mitchell signed a two-year deal to join the Panthers on July 1.
In the roughly four months since inking their new deal, the Kings' forfeiture has most certainly looked like an exceptional gain for the Panthers.
Selected as the eighth captain in the franchise's history, Mitchell has not only served as a calming presence on the team's 10th-ranked blue line, but also as a mentor to many of the organization's younger defensemen, including No. 1 overall pick Aaron Ekblad.
In 15 games this season, Mitchell has notched a goal and an assist while playing 22:36 a night, including a team-leading 3:51 on the penalty kill alone.
Once again a pivotal player on an up-and-coming team, and greeted by the same sand and sun that surrounded them in Los Angeles, Mitchell has enjoyed a nearly seamless transition into this latest stage of their career.
"What's made it really easy for me is the ocean," said Mitchell, who says he's finally settled in to their new South Florida surroundings. "The ocean is like my therapy and I try to get out there as much as I can. I really enjoy this organization. Management and ownership have been so proactive at taking the next step."
For the Panthers, the next step leads them right into Mitchell's old stomping grounds.
On the heels of their most notable victory of the season in a dominating 6-2 performance against the Anaheim Ducks, the Panthers will be looking to dethrone the reigning Stanley Cup champions in the second game of their four-game road trip on Tuesday night in Los Angeles.
Brimming with a mixture of nerves and excitement, Mitchell will finally be given the opportunity bid farewell to a place they never thought he'd leave.
"You go through such a wonderful journey with basically the same nucleus of guys. [Winning the Stanley Cup] was the ultimate of ultimates, and we [the Kings] did it twice," Mitchell said before the team embarked on their current four-game road trip. "You share a special bond with those guys. It doesn't go away no matter where you play. I'm looking forward to it but am a little bit nervous."
Still without their 2014 championship ring, Mitchell and the Kings will officially close the book on their time together when the defenseman receives the diamond encrusted band in what is expected to be a private meeting with several members of the organization prior to Tuesday's game.
Kings president Dean Lombardi, who signed Mitchell back in 2010 and also had broken the news to them last summer that their time as a King was over, is expected to do the honors.
"Everyone else has got their rings and they could have sent it to me, but Dean wants to give it to me,” said Mitchell.
"I thought that was classy. I'm sure we'll meet up underneath [the arena] behind closed doors. We'll have a good chit-chat, share some laughs and reminisce a little bit. When you get your ring, it's time for reflection and closure of a great trip."
While their journey with the Kings may finally be coming to an end, Mitchell's newest endeavor has already shown much promise as the Panthers continue to turn heads around the league and make believers out of skeptics.
Would stealing a victory in Los Angeles while playing under the championship banners they helped raise into the rafters be a fitting way for Mitchell to turn to the page?
"Hell yeah," they said enthusiastically. "I don't need to answer that one, it's pretty obvious"
You can follow Jameson Olive on Twitter @JamesonCoop or email them at JamesonOlive@gmail.com.
The UN Human Rights Council has agreed to send war crimes investigators to Yemen to examine alleged human rights violations, in a last-minute compromise between some Western states and Arab countries, including Saudi Arabia.
The council on Friday mandated Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein, the UN rights chief, to send a group of "eminent experts" to Yemen, where a Saudi-led coalition has been bombing Houthi rebels since March 2015.
The compromise was reached after Saudi Arabia and other Arab states presented an amended draft resolution that was adopted by consensus without a vote, including by Yemen's delegation.
The investigation will give the strongest international component yet to an examination of abuses by all warring parties in a country that the UN says faces the world's greatest humanitarian disaster.
READ MORE: Yemen cholera outbreak could hit one million by 2018
Launching the probe marks a victory for a group of European countries and Canada which pushed hard for an international inquiry fully independent of the Yemeni national investigation, which the Saudis support.
The Saudi-led coalition has been accused of bombing schools, markets, hospitals and other civilian targets in support of Yemeni President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi.
Houthi rebels, who control much of northern Yemen, including the capital, Sanaa, have also been accused of major violations, which the UN team will also probe.
Al Jazeera's Rosiland Jordan, reporting from the UN headquarters in New York, said the group of experts will head to Yemen "as soon as possible and will be expected to gather their evidence and present it to the Human Rights Council a year from now".
READ MORE: Saudi coalition kills hundreds of Yemenis in 2017: UN
Saudi Arabia had for the past two years succeeded in blocking the rights chief's call for an international investigation.
In a letter leaked to several media outlets this week, the kingdom threatened economic and diplomatic retaliation against council members who would vote in favour of the EU/Canadian proposal.
The Saudi envoy to the council, Abdulaziz Alwasil, ended up endorsing Friday's resolution, which was slightly softer than previous EU proposals.
An earlier Dutch/Canadian draft had asked for a Commission of Inquiry (COI) in Yemen, the UN's highest level investigation, but that call was removed from the adopted version.
Countries with significant and lucrative ties to Saudi Arabia, including the US, Britain and France, were reported to be seeking a compromise between the EU and Arab camps, which were deadlocked through the week on a resolution.
The war in Yemen has killed more than 10,000 people, according to the UN.
More than 17 million Yemenis are now facing dire food shortages, and a nationwide cholera epidemic has killed more than 2,100 people since April.
Mix the flour, 1 tsp salt, caster sugar, yeast, milk and eggs together in a mixer using the dough attachment for 5 mins until the dough is smooth. Add the butter and mix for a further 4 mins on medium speed. Scrape the dough bowl and mix again for 1 min. Place the dough in a container, cover with cling film and leave in the fridge for at least 6 hrs before using.
Wrap the brie in the prosciutto and set aside. Turn out the dough onto a lightly floured surface. Roll into a 25cm circle. Place the wrapped brie in the middle of the circle and fold the edges in neatly. Put the parcel onto a baking tray lined with baking parchment and brush with beaten egg. Chill in the fridge for 30 mins, then brush again with beaten egg and chill for a further 30 mins. Leave to rise for 1 hr at room temperature. Heat oven to 200C/180C fan/gas 6, then bake for 22 mins. Serve warm.
Truck Yeah The trucks are good!
Ford has adopted the SAE J2807 towing-capacity measurement standard for their F-450 crew cab 4x4 pickup and maintained its insane 31,200 pound rating. They really want to end this "best-in-class" dispute with Ram, but Chrysler still won't concede that silly title.
As you may know, Ford, Ram, and GM all agreed to rate the towing capacities of their pickup trucks to a standard outlined by the Society of Automotive Engineers (SAE) called "J2807," the details of which are outlined above.
The original covenant had the Big Three applying the standard to their light duty (half-ton) trucks. GM adjusted the ratings of their 1500-series trucks in July, resulting in about a 400 pound capacity reduction.
Advertisement
A couple weeks later Ram went ahead and adjusted their numbers across their entire lineup, which basically didn't result in any chances. The 30,000 pound max on their single-cab rear-wheel-drive dually remained.
Advertisement
So What Changes Did Ford Make?
Ford says achieving J2807 compliance required the truck tow 400 pounds more than what they'd done in internal testing, hauling up Davis Dam Road with two passengers instead of one with a truck that's configured to "base" curb weight.
Advertisement
That ups the 2015 Ford F-450 pickup's gross combined weight rating (the most it can carry in the vehicle and on a trailer) from 40,000 to 40,400 pounds. Just don't get caught at a highway weigh station with that kind of loadout if you don't have a commercial driver's license.
The "base" curb weight is opposed to "minimum," at which the F-450 was presumably previously tested. Ford and Chevy offer "delete options" where customers can shed bumpers, consoles, and other non-essentials to get the starting weight below what would be considered "base" (no extra options ordered) thereby increasing payload.
As a result of ditching that practice, the F-450 pickup's payload capacity (what it can carry in-bed) drops from 5,450 to 5,300 pounds
Advertisement
So Is Ford Finally "Best In Class" For Heavy-Duty Trucks Or What?
Ford says yes, obviously; "the 2015 F-450 pickup is a beefed-up F-350 with a GVWR (max the rig can weigh, not including a trailer) of under 14,000 pounds making it a Class III truck in every way."
Yet Ram is hanging on to the title with their 30,000 pound rear-drive dually, maintaining the F-450 pickup should live in Class IV.
Advertisement
Will We Ever Get A Definitive Answer On That?
Probably not but I wouldn't worry about it. J2807-compliance or no, automakers can change the capacity ratings of their vehicles arbitrarily and put them in any weight class they want.
Advertisement
What we know is true in the case of the 2015 F-450 pickup is that the frame is indeed different from an F-450 chassis cab, and it does have the highest towing capacity of any four-wheel-drive crew-cab pickup by some 2,000 pounds.
Also, it looks pretty sweet playing in this giant sandbox:
Advertisement
Images: Ford
U.S. regulators on Friday voted to open a swath of government-controlled airwaves for commercial use by tech and telecom companies such as Verizon and Google as they seek to meet growing data demands from new wireless devices.
The Federal Communications Commission voted unanimously to chalk out a process to allow companies free access to the frequencies in the 3.5 gigahertz band.
Those airwaves' ability to carry heavy data across short distances makes them particularly attractive to companies.
The plan to open up the frequencies can, for instance, help boost the capacity of companies' existing wireless networks, especially in densely populated locations or indoors. It could even help wirelessly connect specific devices like thermostats or washing machines to facilitate the Internet of Things.
Friday's vote will kick-start the process of setting up a system for companies to begin using frequencies now dedicated to military radars and other government operations, by sharing them in places where commercial users would not interfere with incumbent users.
The opening up of 3.5 GHz airwaves “is setting a new paradigm for how spectrum sharing should work,” FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler said in remarks in Washington.
The plan would allow wireless providers and others to use the airwaves without charge, similarly to Wi-Fi, or to buy licenses for short-term exclusive use in some areas if the airwaves get crowded.
The FCC has been developing the system, known as the Citizens Broadband Radio Service, since 2012 and has drawn interest from various wireless Internet service and device companies, including Verizon, Google, Qualcomm and Ericsson.
Trade groups such as the Telecommunications Industry Association praised the move.
“The spectrum crunch remains very real, and the FCC's action represents significant progress toward opening more spectrum for broadband,” the TIA's chief executive, Scott Belcher, said in a statement.
On Friday, the FCC also said it had voted to propose a notice seeking public comment on competitive bidding practices and rules in auctions of airwaves.
U.S. regulators have been working on plans to reform government airwaves auction rules to prevent big companies from tapping a discount program intended for small businesses.
The FCC is gearing up to hold an auction early next year of another set of airwaves belonging to broadcasters and repackaging them to sell them to the wireless industry.
(Reporting by Malathi Nayak and Alina Selyukh; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama, Christian Plumb and Jonathan Oatis)
While a final peace accord is likely still a few weeks away, Colombia's government and FARC guerrillas reached a momentous agreement on June 23. The consensus on the last of five substantive items in negotiations taking place in Havana, Cuba, since 2012 delineates conditions for a permanent ceasefire and the demobilization of the guerrilla movement, which had been by far the thorniest issue on the agenda. Though the parties have decided that “nothing is agreed until everything is agreed,” the accompanying Havana ceremony had the feel of the end of a 50-year war that has killed over 200,000 people and displaced six million.
Attending the ceremony was Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos; FARC Commander Timoleón Jiménez; Cuban President Raúl Castro and Norwegian Foreign Minister Borge Brende (representing the two guarantor countries); United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and other senior UN officials; Presidents Nicholas Maduro of Venezuela and Michelle Bachelet of Chile; and many other world leaders and envoys. The impressive lineup sent a clear political message: no one should harbor doubts about the possibility of a peace agreement being signed, and the international community will put its weight behind it to ensure its success.
The June 23 agreement describes the timetable and ways in which the guerrillas will turn in their weapons and enter civilian life. While normally this process is known as disarmament, demobilization, and reintegration (DDR), the FARC has been adamant about not using the term, which it claims implies a defeated army's surrender. The group, instead, speaks of “dejación de armas,” which has the awkward English translation of “laying aside/leaving of weapons.”
The agreement, it is important to note, goes to great lengths to avoid mistakes committed in previous peace processes, in particular those of the last negotiations with the FARC, which took place in El Caguán, Colombia, between 1998 and 2002. First, it establishes a clear and short timeline: the FARC will begin to move its units into so-called “temporary hamlet zones for normalization” (THZN) five days after the signing of the peace agreement. The guerrillas also commit to turn in their weapons stockpiles in no more than 180 days. This means that the whole process of demobilization of the 7,000 or so FARC members must be completed within six months. The FARC will provide a list of all the combatants entering each zone, and the government will suspend all outstanding arrest warrants for them. Those who aren't charged with committing serious human rights crimes will be given amnesty and can begin their process of reincorporation into civilian life.
The THZN are a central feature of the agreement. One of the biggest mistakes of the El Caguán negotiations was that they gave the FARC control of an expansive chunk of territory, disrupting the lives of those citizens and local authorities within. Because the FARC kept their weapons, and visitors were able to come and go, many critics have said that the guerrillas used these years to reorganize and gain strength, while never really committing to serious negotiations. This time around conditions are significantly different: the 23 zones, which are distributed throughout the country, were chosen because they were small enough that they would allow for easy monitoring of events within. They are also far from urban centers, border areas, natural parks, illicit crops, mines, areas with strategic infrastructure, and territories of indigenous or ethnic minorities. Each zone will be surrounded by a 1-kilometer buffer zone, where neither the Colombian army nor the FARC may enter. The guerrillas will mostly remain in each of the THZN, with the exception of 10 pre-determined FARC members per zone, who will be able to travel within the department where the zone is located, and only for purposes of implementing the peace agreement. Nationally, 60 guerrillas will be allowed to travel anywhere within the country, though they will have to leave their FARC uniforms and weapons behind.
The June 23 agreement also breaks with the past in creating a tripartite monitoring and verification mechanism, with participation of the government, the FARC, and the special political mission approved in January by the UN Security Council. The mechanism will verify that both parties are following the rules of the ceasefire and will be in charge of investigating any violations. While the Colombian state and the FARC will participate in the mechanism, the agreement makes explicit that the UN mission will preside and be in charge of settling any disputes between its members, giving recommendations and producing reports, and guarantying impartiality and transparency. The monitoring mechanism will be in charge of, first, storing the weapons collected from the FARC in warehouses only accessible to the UN and, second, overseeing construction of three monuments made of some of these weapons. The mission will be composed of mostly non-military observers from the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States.
A hugely important process that hasn't yet been defined, but where an important advance has been made, is the means of popular ratification of the peace accords. President Santos promised earlier on to convene a plebiscite whereby Colombians could vote “yes” or “no” to the totality of the agreement for the first time in the history of the country. Colombia's attorney-general opposed the measure, and a decision from Colombia's Constitutional Court is pending. Meanwhile, the FARC had insisted on convening a national constituent assembly to rewrite the 1991 Constitution as a way to ratify the agreements, which the government vehemently opposed. In the June 23 agreement both parties decided to support whatever the court decides. In practice, this means the FARC has given up one of its central demands.
There are still several important points to be agreed upon, such as the ways in which the FARC may participate in politics and be reincorporated into civilian life, and some details of the transitional justice system. Then, naturally, the biggest challenge remains convincing Colombians, especially those who have been highly skeptical of the legitimacy of the peace process, not only to vote “yes”—in the case that the plebiscite proceeds—but to genuinely embark on a process of reconciliation that brings peace into the post-conflict era.
Renata Segura is the Associate Director of the Conflict Prevention and Peace Forum of the Social Science Research Council.
Back when Lord of the Rings Online was being developed as Middle-earth Online in the late 1990s, the original concept was to plop players into the Fourth Age after the fall of Sauron and the destruction of the One Ring. The idea was that this would allow for a lot more flexibility and world manipulation once the game escaped the direct influence of Tolkien's narrative.
LOTRO, on the other hand, went a different way. The devs obviously felt that more players would want to adventure during the events of the books, especially since the story offered more details, characters, and conflicts. But that left the team with a different problem, which was how to insert player characters into a narrative that was rigidly defined by the trilogy. The solution, as we all well know, was to have the player be “a” hero, just not “the” heroes of the books. And this hero would go off on a story of their or their own that would in many ways parallel the Fellowship's struggles but not slavishly stick by Frodo's side as the invisible 13th member.
So how has LOTRO handled this concept of the player as a “second fiddle” over the years? I've been thinking about it a lot lately, particularly as we turn the bend into Mordor.
In the beginning
When you take a step back and look at the MMORPG over the past decade, you can see that the dev team has experimented greatly with the role of the player in the overarching story's narrative. I've always seen it as a tug-o-war between two ends: Giving the player more freedom and mystery to chart their or their own path in the story (but veering far away from the Fellowship's tale), and bringing the players into close contact with the Fellowship's journey (while limiting the questing options and potential surprises).
At launch with Volume 1, players initially began by rubbing shoulders with many well-known characters from the book, but soon enough Frodo, Legolas, and Aragorn were off doing their own thing while we were sent on what I like to deem a “Middle-earth scavenger hunt” that explored other incidences and events going on in Eriador during the first book.
While Volume 1 certainly has its fans, I think the general consensus among both players and the devs by the time the first expansion rolled around was that the game was too far removed from the fanservice that Tolkien aficionados had shown up to see. Gradually over the next few expansions, players were brought back into more and more contact with the various members of the Fellowship and other key figures and events from the books.
Occasionally, the epic story (and even some side missions) would bring us into first-hand contact with the main cast of the books through quests that literally put us into the shoes of one of these characters to experience an important moment that our own player character was not there to witness. (This was usually told as a “flashback” of sorts.) Seeing the breaking of the Fellowship or even the recent vignette of Gollum betraying their master are total geek-out moments that help keep us tethered to the main narrative no matter what we are doing.
By the time we ended up in Rohan, the devs came up with another clever idea, which was to create a surrogate Fellowship that would offer players their own dedicated group that would foster a similar feel to what the main Fellowship was like. I particularly enjoyed having Horn, Nona, and Corudan join me on my adventures, and I have been a little dismayed when our Fellowship dissolved over the course of the epic.
Nowadays, players are pretty much right in the shirt pocket of the Return of the King (and have been for some time). The major story beats are happening, like the Battle of Pelennor Fields or the march to the Black Gate, and we have very little time and wiggle room for anything else. However, this is likely to change soon when the Mordor expansion releases later this year, since we'll finally be in the post-One Ring era and stop being Frodo's eternal shadow.
Heroes in training
While the format and structure of the quest line gets the most attention when we examine Standing Stone's struggle to place us into the narrative, I think it's equally important to look inside the quest text and objectives to see an added layer to our second-fiddleness. One theme that I've picked up in this game is that there is no one central hero, either NPC or player. Frodo is important, sure, but so is Sam, Aragorn, Eowyn, Faramir, and Sara Oakheart. Just kidding on that last one, of course. Lord of the Rings is a grand epic that looks at how this fictional history was shaped by the actions of many and how forging bonds of friendship and loyalty made all of the difference.
In other words, it's not about just us. It never was. It's about all of us.
That may be a strange concept coming from, oh, every other MMORPG out there that loves to pin you as the Chosen One (Neville Longbottom for life, yo!) and bend over backward at every opportunity to make you feel like the special and essential hero that the devs assume you fantasize about being. But who says that's what we want? Sure, some might need the ego boost of being the central character of a personal narrative, but LOTRO is a great game for the rest of us who value friendship, fellowship, and selflessness more.
I've pontificated on this in the past, but I've greatly respected how LOTRO so often makes the point that tasks both great and small can be noble and heroic. I love that there are events greater than I, and that my character cannot (despite what my children think) single-handedly invade and destroy Mordor. We play in a world of heroes and cross paths with other heroes (and villains) quite often, and being part of an effort greater than yourself is both humbling and exhilarating.
It does make me a little concerned for Mordor, however. I truly hope that once the dev team gains more freedom of direction now that the books are almost over that it doesn't go nuts with trying to “gift” us with a massive hero fantasy. Some of the interviews a couple of months back made it sound exactly like that, that getting away from the Fellowship's adventures would allow us to be the starring hero of our own imaginary book. Again, I truly hope this won't be the case. I would love to see our characters still be a part of something instead of that something being all about us. It's not the game I've been playing and appreciating for 10 years.
Raise your hand if you'd so watch a Glee spinoff that was a Darren Criss-hosted game show.
Both of your hands should be in the air right now...especially after watching this exclusive video below, featuring Criss playing "Broadway Baby Brain Busters: Glee Edition" with their costars Lea Michele and Chris Colfer.
The Fox hit's stars are hilariously grilled by Criss on their knowledge on all things Broadway and let's just say we'd be totally fine with Blaine becoming a game show host now that he's situated in NYC. (As long as they can be a singing host, of course!)
So who won the reigning title of the biggest Broadway Baby: "The wickedly talented" (Oh hey, Adele Dazeem shoutout!) Michele or the "unstoppable" Colfer? Watch our exclusive clip to find out!
Other university endowments that reported endowment increases in the 2014 survey included:
A half-billion-dollar bump in the value of the University of Pittsburgh's endowment last year boosted it into the company of the 25 richest university endowments in the nation.
A survey released Thursday that charts the value of endowments at 832 colleges and universities across the country ranks Pitt 25th with an endowment valued at $3.49 billion as of June 30, 2014. The school moved up from 26th the prior year, when its holdings were valued at $2.9 billion.
The annual National Association of College and University Business Officers-Commonfund Study of Endowments, found university endowments, which suffered during the 2009 downturn, averaged a 15.5 percent return on investment last year, up from 11.7 percent the prior year.
The new totals include returns on investments and new contributions, minus any withdrawals and fees.
For Pitt, where the endowment ranked 31st in the nation with $1.36 billion in 2004, the new numbers are heartening.
But families who expect a break in tuition and costs at Pitt, often cited along with Penn State as having the highest resident tuition of any public university, may be disappointed.
Although Pitt is sitting on a large investment portfolio, only a small portion of it — an average of 4.25 percent — trickles down to it each year.
“We've been very fortunate to have a number of very, very generous donors,” said Clyde Jones, university vice chancellor for health services development.
“The kind of endowed funds we are getting are increasingly more restricted. It's helped increase the number of (faculty) chairs, scholarships and research funds quite dramatically,” Jones said. “But donors are very savvy. They want to be sure we're being good flight attendants and that there is a good result for the money — that we're hiring top talent and recruiting the best students.”
It's that way at most universities, where the survey found disbursements from endowments accounted for an average of 9.2 percent of institutions' total operating budgets last year.
Commonfund Institute Executive Director John S. Griswold said the survey, which also looked at endowment investments, suggested universities are limiting risk after taking a hit during the financial crisis of 2007-09
Like Pitt, Penn State, which also recently closed a successful fundraising campaign, experienced growth. Its endowment increased from $2.9 billion to $3.44 billion, a number that earned it a rank as the 27th richest endowment in the nation.
Despite an increasing emphasis on fundraising, the Pennsylvania schools' endowments still lag behind the richest, including: Harvard's $35.8 billion fund; the University of Texas System, with $25.4 billion; and Yale, with $23.9 billion.
Carnegie Mellon University reported a significant increase in the value of its endowment — from $1.37 billion to $1.59 billion — but noted that the total included its combined endowment assets and a portion of assets held by the Dietrich Foundation, which eventually will benefit CMU.
Elsewhere, a single donor can make a significant difference at a smaller school. Chatham University's endowment value increased by 29 percent. It grew from $75 million to $97 million, owing in large part to a single $15 million gift from the Falk Foundation.
Debra Erdley is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. They can be reached at 412-320-7996 or derdley@tribweb.com.
B.C. Transportation Minister Todd Stone says they are "angry" after learning that an ICBC computer mistake led to billing errors totalling an estimated $110 million in optional insurance coverage.
The Crown corporation estimates it owes its customers $36 million and an additional $3 million in interest for overcharging them.
At the same time, it lost an estimated $71 million when the same computer error led to some customers underpaying their premiums.
B.C. Transportation Minister Todd Stone has ordered ICBC to repay $36 million to motorists who were overcharged for insurance due to a computer error. (CBC)
ICBC says the mistake occurred as part of its move to a new computer system that caused incorrect vehicle descriptions to be applied to some optional insurance coverage for at least the last six years.
Six years is as far back as its computer records can "accurately recalculate historical premiums," it said.
“I am as angry, as I expect British Columbians to be, over this operational error at ICBC which for the past six years has been overcharging some customers and undercharging other customers for optional insurance," Stone said in a written statement.
Customers were overcharged $36M over six years due to a computer error in optional insurance billing. (CBC)
"This is not acceptable, and British Columbians expect more from their public auto insurer."
ICBC says the error affects the optional insurance coverage of 40,000 drivers in each of six years for a total of 240,000 motorists over the six year period, resulting in an average yearly overcharge of $21.
ICBC says that's less than two per cent of its customer base is affected by the overcharges.
It said the same error caused another three per cent of its drivers to underpay an average $34 per year.
Stone said ICBC will not be able to claim the estimated $71 million it lost.
"I have directed ICBC not to go after those who have underpaid, as it is not fair to expect them to pay retroactively for ICBC's error," they said. "I also expect ICBC to fix its insurance management system so this error cannot happen again."
ICBC will be audited
Stone said they are also ordering an outside audit of ICBC's numbers, as well as an examination of its handling of the issue.
The minister said the error must not result in higher premiums to customers.
ICBC says it will be able to tell those affected within 90 days whether they overpaid or underpaid, and will begin emailing out those explanations along with cheques in July.
It said the error will not result in higher premiums.
The Crown corporation said updates to vehicle descriptions will be made in the coming months. As well, it's implementing new technology that will use vehicle identification numbers (VINs) provided by manufacturers to automatically capture each vehicle's make and model.
The vast majority, or 95 per cent, of ICBC's three million customers are not affected.
Jentezen Franklin accepted a position on Donald Trump's Faith Advisory Board. ( Facebook/Jentezen Franklin )
Donald Trump's campaign announced its new evangelical advisory board Tuesday (June 21) as the presumptive presidential nominee met with nearly 1,000 conservative Christians.
The Evangelical Executive Advisory Board will convene regularly to "provide advisory support to Mr. Trump on those issues important to Evangelicals and other people of the faith in America," the campaign said in a statement.
It also will lead a Faith and Cultural Advisory Committee that will be announced later in June.
First on the list is former Congresswoman Michele Bachmann. Shortly before announcing their own bid for the presidency in 2012, Bachmann withdrew from Salem Lutheran Church after 10 years as a member and moved to a nearby evangelical church.
Get Spirit-filled content delivered right to your inbox! Click here to subscribe to our newsletter.
advertisement
The list also includes Johnnie Moore—national spokesperson for My Faith Votes, one of the organizers of Tuesday's largely evangelical meeting—and the Rev. Jerry Falwell Jr., president of Liberty University. Falwell had hailed Trump in the meeting: "Mr. Trump is a bold and fearless leader who will take the fight to our enemies and to the radical Islamic terrorists."
The full list of board members is as follows:
• Michele Bachmann—former U.S. House member
• A.R. Bernard—senior pastor and CEO, Christian Cultural Center
• Mark Burns—pastor, Harvest Praise and Worship Center
• Tim Clinton—president, American Association of Christian Counselors
• Kenneth and Gloria Copeland—founders, Kenneth Copeland Ministries
• James Dobson—author, psychologist and host, "Family Talk With Dr. James Dobson"
• Jerry Falwell Jr.—president, Liberty University
• Ronnie Floyd—senior pastor, Cross Church
• Jentezen Franklin—senior pastor, Free Chapel
• Jack Graham—senior pastor, Prestonwood Baptist Church
• Harry Jackson—senior pastor, Hope Christian Church
• Robert Jeffress—senior pastor, First Baptist Church of Dallas
• David Jeremiah—senior pastor, Shadow Mountain Community Church
• Richard Land—president, Southern Evangelical Seminary
• James MacDonald—founder and senior pastor, Harvest Bible Chapel
• Johnnie Moore—author, president of The KAIROS Company
• Robert Morris—senior pastor, Gateway Church
• Tom Mullins—senior pastor, Christ Fellowship
• Ralph Reed—founder, Faith and Freedom Coalition
• James Robison—founder, Life OUTREACH International
• Tony Suarez—executive vice president, National Hispanic Christian Leadership Conference
• Jay Strack—president, Student Leadership University
• Paula White—senior pastor, New Destiny Christian Center
• Tom Winters—attorney, Winters and King Inc.
• Sealy Yates—attorney, Yates and Yates
© 2016 Religion News Service. All rights reserved.
Get Spirit-filled content delivered right to your inbox! Click here to subscribe to our newsletter.
Great Resources to help you excel in 2019! #1 John Eckhardt's "Prayers That..." 6-Book Bundle. Prayer helps you overcome anything life throws at you. Get a FREE Bonus with this bundle. #2 Learn to walk in the fullness of your purpose and destiny by living each day with Holy Spirit. Buy a set of Life in the Spirit, get a second set FREE.
See an error in this article? Send us a correction
Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair says that the toughest part of being a progressive-leaning politician these days is dealing with progressives themselves. Ironically, Blair says, activists on the left often assist their right-wing opponents by piling on the pols who lean their way rather than defending them against a conservative onslaught that they say is “vicious” and begins from “the word ‘go.'” Blair says the politics of the day can leave ostensibly left-leaning leaders like President Obama “in an isolated position,” with right-wing opponents eager to destroy them and the activist left (more often than not) happy to help.
“I love my own politics and progressives and all the rest of it,” Blair told ABC's Christiane Amanpour in an unaired portion of their This Week interview from Sunday. “But if we have a weakness as a class, when the right get after us and attack our progressive leaders, instead of defending them we tend to say, ‘Yeah, well, really we've got a lot of complaints about them, too.'”
Blair said that the tendency of the left to pile on rather than defend its own leaders can leave their politicians alone to face the right wing attack machine, which Blair says is merciless. “It doesn't matter how well intentioned you think you are,” Blair said of the right. “They're going to go for you completely.”
“And then the interesting thing is, the progressives say, ‘Hey you're not being progressive enough! Why don't you do more for us?'” Blair added. “And so you can end up in quite an isolated position if you're not careful.”Though a reflection on their own political life as the longest-running Labour PM in British history, Blair suggested President Obama is currently in the same kind of rock-and-a-hard-place position they said they were in during their more than a decade in Britain's top job. Blair and their reform-minded progressive-leaning government was wildly popular in the UK for years before running aground when Blair backed the American push to invade Iraq in 2003. The war, as well as Blair's moderate-leaning tendencies, split them off from many on the left of their party and left them a controversial and disliked figure among many progressives. The decision to join America in Iraq arguably ended up costing Blair their job and, eventually, helped lead to their party's defeat at the polls.
Blair's comments about their own time battling the left are reminiscent of White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs' controversial take on the members of what they called the American “professional left,” whom Gibbs told The Hill last month were — among other things — “crazy” and not living in “reality.”
Gibbs' comments earned them a stern rebuke from Obama's liberal base, including more than one call for their head on a platter. But Blair suggests that the pattern of liberal attack on a progressive-leaning leader already under constant fire from the right isn't new — and isn't particularly helpful to any side except the conservative opposition. Blair called on Obama to “hold strong and firm to what they believe in” and stay the course in the face of mounting opposition from their own side because, as Blair said, “the strength will come through in the end.”
Watch Blair discuss the left, the right and what they say is the fallacy that liberals are more conniving than their conservative opponents:
Podcast giant Serial is coming back to update us on the subject of its second season - US army member Bowe Bergdahl - now that they have been sentenced for leaving their post in Afghanistan.
On Friday, Bergdahl discovered that they would avoid a prison sentence, but they are being demoted to the rank of private, receiving dishonorable discharge, and will have to pay $1,000 in fines for the next 10 months.
Much like they did with Season 1, these developments mean Serial is returning to release a ‘coda', finally giving the listeners closure on the story - something we didn't get during the original run.
Serial is known for this - it leaps into ongoing cases which don't have black and white conclusions, leaving the listener to make up their mind about the truth.
The Alliance Alive Gets Launch Edition and New Trailer Showing Characters and Battles
Azario Lopez October 30, 2017 3:28:06 PM EST
Atlus revealed a launch edition for the FURYU developed RPG The Alliance Alive, coming to Nintendo 3DS early 2018.
The launch edition of the game is a free upgrade for those who pre-order the game as well as early buyers. This edition will will include: CD soundtrack with 20 tracks, 30-page artbook, and Robbins penguin keychain.
Additionally, the publisher launched a new trailer introducing the characters and some of the enemies that players will encounter throughout the game's campaign. Playable characters shown in the trailer are: Azura, Galil, and Renzo.
In The Alliance Alive, enemies known as Daemons have invaded the world and created the Great Barrier to separate the realms. These events created the Dark Current, which carved a cross shaped swath across the ocean and swallowed up any cities in its path. The rule of the Daemons has lasted hundreds of years, but now a resistance has been born.
The Alliance Alive is written by Yoshitaka Murayama, with game design by Kyoji Koizumi, and a vision realized by director Masataka Matsuura. The game features explorable towns and dungeons as well as a turn-based battle system.
The Alliance Alive will launch physically and digitally in North America, and digital only in Europe.
You can check out the new trailer as well as new screenshots below:
They were as tough as they come in the AFL but former Richmond midfielder Shane Tuck has copped a brutal introduction boxing.
Tuck, who retired in 2013 after 173 games with the Tigers, was stretchered out of the ring and taken to hospital after being viciously knocked out by Lucas Miller in their professional boxing debut on Wednesday night.
Fighting as part of the undercard to Anthony Mundine's fight against Charles Hatley, 33-year-old Tuck was knocked out early in the fourth round by a fierce right from Miller, who had previously only had one fight.
SEE THE BRUTAL KO IN THE VIDEO PLAYER ABOVE
Former Richmond footballer Shane Tuck is KO'd by Lucas Miller. Source: News Corp Australia
Tuck, who had three amateur fights and sparred with former world champion Sam Soliman, had taken plenty of punishment from 22-year-old Miller in the lead-up to the KO.
There was immediate concern for Tuck, who stayed on the canvas for several minutes before being given oxygen and carried away on a stretcher.
Doctors continued to treat them backstage and there was a sense of relief when images surfaced of Tuck conscious and talking to medical officials.
Former AFL player Shane Tuck is conscious and talking. About to leave the venue by ambulance #boxing #mundinehatley pic.twitter.com/m0SRu6gOwB — Ben Damon (@ben_damon) November 11, 2015
Tuck was able to walk to the ambulance to be taken to hospital, with a spokesperson saying they would be kept there overnight for observation.
Imagine it's Christmas. You're sitting by the tree and you're about to open your presents. You shake the first one – and it feels heavy. You're excited. You tear off the blue, football covered wrapping paper and inside there's a… football. Oh cool, thanks Nan. You smile, and give your Nan a hug because you're polite & were raised well – but you really don't want the football. You hate football. Football is the last thing on Earth you want to ever play. Your Mum hands you the next present. It's lighter, but that doesn't mean it's not going to be good. You rip it open and inside there's a… football kit. It's in your size, and has your name printed on the back. Oh wow, thanks Mum. Yeah, I love it. No, I won't put it on just now. You set it aside next to the football and swallow hard. There's one more present left. It's a big square box. It's the biggest present in the room, so it must be something good. It's got a label on it that says it's from Dad. You snatch the wrapping away from it, and inside there's a… football goalpost (some assembly required). Your Dad jumps up and excitedly tears open the box and begins to put the pieces together. You say thank you to your Dad, but he's too distracted by the goalposts to hear you. A tear rolls down your cheek which you try to hide, but you can't. Mum saw it, but they don't say anything.
Your sister is sitting next to you, glaring at you with disdain – gripping an unwanted Barbie in their hands. They say “I wish I could have a football”.
A few weeks before I came out as transgendered, I was invited to a friend of a friends stag night. I didn't know this person, and I think I was only being invited to make up the numbers, but I'd never been on a stag night before and accepted in what I believe was a last ditch attempt to embrace the final possibility of living my life as a man. I put on a shirt and met four young men in a pub in central London for a drink before going out for a meal. I didn't know what to expect. The pub section of the evening wasn't anything out of the ordinary – we talked and drank and were civilized human beings generally. We left the pub and went on to a Russian restaurant where someone had booked a table. Again, it was nothing particularly out of the ordinary. No overt debauchery, just a few weirdly shaped toilet stall ornaments in the shape of naked women and a sub-par pizza that I regret ordering. As everyone started getting steadily more drunk though, I stopped drinking. This was something I commonly did when out with friends. Alcohol wouldn't have the same effect on me as it seemed to on my friends. It didn't make me happy and carefree – it made me feel morbidly depressed. It made me think about and obsess over things. It made me a buzz kill. As these four men got steadily more and more drunk, they became louder and louder – and talk turned to what we were all going to do after we left the restaurant. I stayed quiet, because I had already felt out of place for the majority of the evening – and now I just wanted it to be over. The stag said they wanted to go to a strip club. I felt my heart sink into my stomach.
I'd never been to a strip club in my life and I'd never had any desire to do so. However you feel about strip clubs, at the time for me, a strip club defined the divide between men & women. It was a place where MEN went to lust over the bodies of WOMEN. Women who I felt I emotionally identified with. Women who I would have done anything to be. And now, I had to go there – except as a member of the “other team”. We paid the restaurant bill and left. The four guys walked with purpose off in front of me down a London side road towards a small club with a bouncer standing outside. Someone announced “I.D's Lads!”. I watched from a safe distance behind as the four guys removed their passports and driving licenses from their wallets and showed them to the big bouncer. I peered around the doorway and into the smokey, neon club. I saw some men sitting at a table. I saw a smoke machine. And then I saw a naked woman, carrying a tray of drinks. Something in me propelled me back away from the door of the club. Like a vampire who's not been invited into someone's home, I wasn't able to hide my discomfort anymore. I told they guy that they could go in if they wanted, but I didn't want to. It had all gone too far and I didn't care anymore what they thought of me. To my surprise, two of the four men agreed that they didn't really want to go in either. The stag and their friend looked frustrated but agreed that we'd just go back to the pub for another drink instead. We went back to the pub and I took two sips of a drink before apologising for ruining the evening and getting my train home. I don't think it was any longer than a few weeks later that I'd completely come out.
The concept of somebody not wanting, and ultimatly rejecting “male privilege” is confusing to a lot of people. Men who view women as inferior – often can't contemplate the appeal of “choosing” to live as one. Trans women are sometimes seen as something like gender traitors, who've traded everything in for what some men perceive as an easier life – the baffling assumption being that transgendered women are easily able to integrate into society as “natural born” women & obtain all the “benefits” of a hetero-normative lifestyle. Since I've transitioned I've not had to pay for ONE dinner & no one's been allowed to hit me. Similarly, there are women who consider trans women to be just misogynist men who desire to infiltrate women's spaces. There are lots of current examples of this way of thinking at the moment, from the bathroom debates and “women's only safe spaces” which seek to exclude. They see us as ultra-greedy men who desire to take everything away from women. Keep your hands off my man!
Or woman – A trans woman can be scolded if they have the brazen audacity to call themselves a lesbian because she's attracted to women. Even open minded, progressive people who can get their heads around the idea of transition struggle with this concept sometimes – especially when a person is pre-operative. It's almost like it's one step too far for people. Like, you're pushing it now honey. Personally, over the years I've developed a much more open characterisation for myself. It might sound a bit hippie dippy, but I don't use labels like gay, straight or lesbian when referring to myself. I go by the general bisexual even if it's not one hundred percent accurate. Or just the irritatingly vague “Queer”. The way I look at it is, if I'm going to live my life with my gender occupying this weird sort of other dimension – my sexuality should reflect that as well. Because gay or lesbian is defined by what gender you are, and other people struggle with that for me – I'm open to all people. Well, not all people. Not you, probably. I have preferences, of course. But you know what I mean.
I know privilege exists, but I don't think it's as simplistic a concept as some people might want us to believe. We all to often define individuals by what they have instead of who they are. Things a biological woman might take for granted are things that somebody like myself would kill to have. Some people might look at me, as a transgendered woman, and think I'm an idiot. They may have the opinion that I've wasted opportunities that they themselves would have taken full advantage of had they been afforded them. The problem is, like the hypothetical football I got for hypothetical Christmas – I wouldn't have known what to do with them in the first place. I've never had the desire, or drive to become a footballer. Or a man.
Advertisements
There are many ways to tell India's story of progress over the past generation. Prime Minister Narendra Modi will tell one version when they address the nation at the Red Fort.My favourite version is this: In 1990, 3.3 million Indian children died before they turned five. Since then, the population has gone up by 48%, so you'd expect that 4.9 million Indian children died last year. In fact, the number was 1.3 million. That's 3.5 million children who would have died last year but who lived because the Indian government prioritized health.The next task is to get from 1.3 million to as close to zero child deaths as possible, that means studying the progress of the past, learning from it, and improving upon it.India's success in saving children's lives so far, means that it hasn't just met but surpassed the UN's ambitious Millennium Development Goal (MDG) on child mortality . In 2000, UN agreed to a sweeping plan to improve the lives of the poorest people in the world, including specific targets in eight key areas of development, with a deadline of 2015. The MDGs helped countries and development organizations set priorities, measure progress, and continually get better.Now, the deadline for the MDGs is near. The MDGs are being replaced by a new set of goals, the Sustainable Development Goals (SDG), which run from 2015 to 2030. The SDGs provide an opportunity to consolidate all the lessons you've learned in the past 15 years and chart your next course. You get to ask yourselves, "What kind of country do we want to have in 2030, and what do we need to do to get there?" When it comes to health, the area I follow most closely, I see two big needs: More resources and using those resources as effectively as possible.The SDGs are backed by a bold vision of the future, but to put it bluntly, that vision costs money that is not yet available. In India, public spending on health amounts to just 1.1% of GDP, compared to 2.9% and 4.1% in China and Brazil, respectively. Many countries spend even more. There is no magic number for the percentage a government needs to spend on health, but it is not possible to maintain an adequate public health system with inadequate financing.Resources matter, but how they are used is just as important. India is immense — and immensely complex. There is no existing health system model that can simply be applied to India. You need to generate new models. How can you provide high-quality care in vast rural areas where there are very few doctors?Given that so many Indians use private health providers, how can the government work with the private sector to improve care? How can such a sprawling health system produce and use data in real time to respond to what is happening on the ground? These are challenges India is wrestling with. You have the creativity and intellect to solve them, and I believe you also have the political commitment.In 2014, India developed a strategy to save the lives of infants, added vaccines to the routine immunization schedule, and created the Indradhanush and Swachh Bharat missions to promote universal immunization coverage and better sanitation. That's an impressive record for just a single year.But it's not enough for these plans and missions to exist. They must perform. If you look at the statistics about quality of life in India, the first thing that jumps out at you is how much better it has gotten. But the second thing is how uneven it still is from state to state. The child mortality rate in the worst-performing states is three times higher than it is in the best states.More than anything else, we should make sure that primary health systems in every state reach every single person with high-quality services. It is possible because we have seen it in many places.We have also seen that it takes long-term attention and investment.India's record on child survival is impressive. But to maximize the impact those children will have in the future, India needs to make sure that they not only survive but thrive. So, this Independence Day , in the new era of the SDGs, I hope Indians focus on an ambitious goal that is good for India and good for Indians: Creating a society where every citizen has access to healthcare, education, and nutrition they need to fulfill their potential.Call it a new social compact. If the government can ensure that the Indian people have access to these services, the Indian people will build a strong future for the country . Bill Gates is founder & co-chair of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Royal Dutch Shell announced on Friday morning that they had finally stopped the flow of oil from a pipeline in the North Sea. It took eight days to cut off the leak from a valve off the coast of Scotland, although the company says that it was a slow leak and that only 1,300 barrels were released.
It's good that things finally appear to be under control there, but this couldn't have come at a worse time for the Dutch oil giant. Earlier this month, the US Department of Interior approved the company's plan to begin drilling in the Arctic. The company still needs a few other permits from the Environmental Protection Agency and other agencies, but could begin drilling in the Beaufort Sea as early as next summer.
Environmental advocates say this most recent spill and the time it took to stop the leak is still more evidence that letting Shell drill in the Arctic is a bad idea. For the Obama administration to green light drilling there is inviting a “nightmare,” wrote Natural Resources Defense Council head Frances Beinecke in an op-ed in the New York Times earlier this week. A spill in the Arctic would be really, really difficult to deal with—much more so than the North Sea. The region would be dark and ice-covered most of the year, and it's remote location would make it hard to get response crews up there quickly.
Maybe Shell's latest problem will give the Obama administration pause in moving forward with the Arctic drilling. But then again, we've had plenty of significant oil spills in the past year that should have raised red flags.
Sticking to the basics is something that most of the strong people that I have ever been around seem to resonate. Yet the problem is, people have a hard time determining what the basics are. Most people consider themselves more “advanced” than they are when they are selecting movements or programs. I feel like I have the most success with making improvements in people when I step all the way to the very basics of movement and re-master it. I think that people are so quick to make the jump to something that they don't get as much benefit out of it. 1- Lifting Shoes This one has been on my mind lately because I have really been obsessing over correcting foot position and the profound effect that it can have on the quality of a person's movement. I saw an article on the internet last week entitled “squat therapy”. The article is self was fine and I had no issue with what they were saying, however I was just driven a little crazy by the fact that in all the demo photos, they had someone doing them wearing oly shoes. Anyone who works with me will learn to do things barefoot. It is going back to the basics of learning to feel the ground and control your body. Too often I see people wanting to get Shoes to fix their squat, instead of just learning to squat and going back to the basics to do so. I am not saying that you can't do squats if you can't squat without your shoes. I do promise you that you will see a profound improvement in your movement if you add some simple barefoot movements from a half kneeling position focusing on your foot position and you will see an improvement in your performance. Check out this short 7min video of me and Dr. Quinn talking about feet…
2- Belts I coach at a local high school and I love to hear some of the things that those kids tell me in the weight room about what the guy at Fitness 19 told them and the thing that I hear the most is about the bro who told them how to use the belt and what it is for. The belt is to help you create intraabdominal pressue. Therefore, first you must learn to create that pressure first. You have to master your breathing pattern and learn to create circumferential expansion. I see people all the time do a horrible job using the belt, and they have no business having the damn thing on. I hate hearing when people tell me that they are putting the belt on to protect their back, and then they don't even take a breath before they lift. Or worse, they take a big breath in their chest and arch their back real hard. A belt is a fantastic tool once you learn to use it correctly. Go back and lean the basics before putting it on. Here are a couple of drills that you could add in to help your better learn to use your belt. (they also come into play for number three)
3- AB work People are always going to want to do situps and no matter what you say they are going to stay convinced that they need to do situps, and all sorts of other ab exercises. I will go ahead and say that I think that farmers walks and other types of loaded carries and thing are far better ab exercises. However, I do believe that at some point, once you have learned to use your abs correctly, that there is a place for some hypertrophy type work, and that many of those exercises work just fine for that. Here is what suggest, spend a little more time adding in some basic ab exercises, and some breathing patterns drills. Even if you just couple them with your current ab work or cycle them into your program for 4 weeks at a time you will see some benefit from mastering more basic movements. For example, if you were going to do 5×10 situps, before each set, knock out a quick set of 10 breaths in a dead bug position, or in a basic 90/90 postion focusing on setting the correct pattern and I promise that you are going to tell an improvement in your performance. This is also an easy way to add some work in that will help you to better use the belt. These movements may turn out to be harder than you think if you focus on getting as much air as possible and exhaling as hard as possible.
Adm. Choi Yun-hee, right
South Korea will defend the Yellow Sea border against possible military provocations from North, the country's top military officer said on Saturday.
Joint Chiefs of Staff (JCS) Chairman Admiral Choi Yun-hee promised to retaliate immediately if the North threatened South Korea.
"We must be prepared at all times to protect the Northern Limit Line (NLL), which has been defended with the blood of our forefathers," they said during a visit to 2nd Fleet headquarters.
Choi spoke a day after the North claimed South Korean Navy speedboats intruded into its territorial waters in the Yellow Sea last week. The North said it would make a "sighting strike" at any South Korean warship without warning.
Choi met U.S. Forces Korea commander Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti on Friday to discuss the situation and possible countermeasures.
Cane toads evolving into 'straight hoppers' accelerating advance to 60km a year
Updated
Cane toads in the Northern Territory and Western Australia have evolved "very very rapidly" to hop in a straight line and cover up to six times more ground than distant cousins back in Queensland, scientists say.
Research published in the Proceedings of the Royal Society of London journal shows "a new kind of evolution" and a phenomenon dubbed "spatial sorting", according to the article's co-author and University of Sydney professor Rick Shine.
"The front has accelerated from about 10-15 kilometres per year to about 60 kilometres per year over the time toads have been in Australia," Professor Shine said.
"To move at that rate, toads have to behave in very strange ways - ways that no other frog has before.
"All you get at the front are the offspring of the fastest toads who were themselves the offspring of the fastest toads who themselves were the offspring of the fastest toads.
"Genes for fast dispersal end up concentrated at the invasion front.
"This is evolution through space rather than time.
"It's quite different to the sorts of things (Charles) Darwin talked about.
"Cane toads are the best example in the world of this new evolutionary process."
'Giant Brazilian frog' on the march: Toad Hall
The headquarters of cane toad research is located an hour out of Darwin among mango farms and goose hunting reserves, and past a notorious bikie hangout as well as a military radar facility.
Officially it is called the University of Sydney Tropical Ecology Research Facility, but its handful of scientists call it Toad Hall.
Here, tadpoles breed in vats of water under flywire. They have been collected from all over northern Australia to document the widening cane toad genetic spectrum.
Professor Shine has been studying toads since the invasion reached Darwin in 2005.
"We expected they would behave as they had in Queensland," they said.
"We put transmitters on them and lost all our toads because they went hurtling over the horizon.
"The early days were pretty much strap yourself in for wild ride. We began to understand the 80-year footrace across Australia has created an animal very different to the one found on the Queensland coast."
All the cane toads in Australia - there are now estimated to be as many as 200 million - are descended from 102 toads released in June 1935 in northern Queensland.
The Bureau of Sugar Experiment Stations intended them to control a native cane beetle. There is no evidence the toads had any impact on the cane beetles.
"You've got a giant frog from the Brazilian rainforest that has triumphantly marched across the driest continent on the planet," Professor Shine said.
"They're incredibly flexible. They're surmounting a range of challenges we never thought they could deal with. There's a very real sophistication to a lot of the things that they do."
To move at that rate, toads have to behave in very strange ways - ways that no other frog has before. Rick Shine, University of Sydney
The introduction of cane toads to Australia, which has caused massive declines in a number of native species, has also been recognised as a rare opportunity to document adaptation through evolution.
"When cats and foxes were released it was a long time ago," Professor Shine said.
"Even for more recent invasions we don't know how quickly they spread.
"But people care about cane toads and recognise them. We have very good documentation of how the toads have spread across the continent.
"As an evolutionary biologist, we are usually stuck with looking at the slowly changing results of thousands of millions of years. Here we're looking at evolution in action."
Boffins weaponise toad research
The direct practical outcome of the toad research has been a more effective toad trap.
Researchers have learned the alien invaders communicate with each other through a sophisticated exchange of pheromones.
"Native tadpoles don't seem to eavesdrop on that," Professor Shine said. "They don't even seem to know the chemicals are there.
"For the last few million years toads in the native ranges have been competing with each other.
"It turns out they have worked out some pretty clever ways of doing that.
"When the cane toad female lays their eggs in the pond, if there is any existing in that pond they detect the eggs and race across and kill them and eat them.
"We can take the poison from adult toads from the shoulder glands and put that in a funnel trap.
"It catches thousands and thousands of cane toad tadpoles very quickly and doesn't catch anything else.
"Cane toads 20 million years ago worked out quite complicated ways of talking with each other and competing with each other. We're just starting to get glimmerings of how that all works.
"We can take the toads' weapons and turn them against the toads."
Topics: pest-management, pests, environment, science-and-technology, biology, evolution, animals, darwin-0800, qld, wa
First posted
Submitted by US Army veteran Tim Shea
In many ways, my initial foray into American democracy was like losing my virginity: brief, awkward, and grossly unsatisfying. I drove down to the Fairfax County Courthouse, waited in line a few moments, and then, holding my nose in disgust, I filled in the small bubble next to “McCain/Palin.” And that was it. There was no glowing sense of civic pride, no predatory urge for my candidates to clobber the opposition. I voted Republican because I didn't particularly care for Obama. That's how politics works in America, right?
My decision in 2012 was slightly more palatable; while I had no great love for Romney, I could appreciate that they hadn't picked a screeching caricature of femininity as their running mate. As we ramp up for the 2016 election though, I've found that my growing unease with the GOP has flared into full-blown disillusionment. I no longer want to vote for somebody just because they're not a Democrat. Honestly, given the cavalcade of cretins and war mongers that is their remaining primary field, I may never vote Republican again.
So where does that leave me? Right now it's a tossup between Gary Johnson and a write-in for John Oliver (because seriously, that guy is freaking hilarious.) I tend to keep that fact to myself, though. Whenever I do mention it in polite society, I'm inevitably treated to looks of bafflement followed by a flood of platitudes explaining why that's a bad idea. “You're wasting your vote,” or “a vote for X is a vote for Hillary,” or “you need to vote for a candidate who has a shot at winning,” and on and on until an aneurism seems like it'd be a pleasant alternative.
Don't get me wrong, I once put a lot of stock in those arguments. I probably even peddled them myself a time or two. Now that I'm older and wiser, though, I've come to recognize that line of thinking for what it is: a scare tactic meant to drive voters to the ballot box in support of the two party cartel. It's a strategy the politicos will leverage frequently in the coming months. But no matter how often this fear-inducing bluster is tossed around during the campaign season, that doesn't make it true.
For one, there's the false notion of the “wasted vote.” Romney's chances were slim in 2012, and poor ol' McCain never had a chance. My votes for them were as “wasted” as votes for Carrot Top. When it comes down to it, any vote not cast for the winning candidate is meaningless. That's how first-past-the-post works.
More important, though, is the fact that even if Romney or McCain had won, I still wouldn't have been happy. They were never my candidates. I voted for them because they were the (slightly) lesser of two evils, and their victory still would have meant years of gnashing my teeth as bad policy after bad policy was put into effect. Hell, who knows where I would have been deployed if Mr. “Bomb Iran” themselves had sat in the oval office.
All kidding aside, my point is this: vote for a candidate you believe in. No, they might not win. They might never win. At the end of the day, though, to vote with your gut is to be honest with yourself. What's more, you won't be offering up your tacit support for a system that you have no faith in.
Now if you genuinely believe Hillary is the best person to lead this country, then go for it. If your heart tells you Donald Trump is the key to America's future, then, well, we'll disagree until the day we die, but get out and vote for him! But if you're like the old me—choosing a candidate out of spite or a misplaced sense of obligation—then I ask you to think long and hard about which box you'll check come Election Day. After all, meaningful change needs to start somewhere; that somewhere just probably isn't a major party.
Visit Tim's website sixtack.com to check out more of their great work
Making the right decisions at the right time is crucial to success in F1. The race unfolds in a blur and it is very easy to make a bad decision.
As we saw in Abu Dhabi last year a bad strategy call can cost a world championship and with so many new variables this season, the opening round of the 2011 World Championship, the Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne was something of an experiment for all the teams in terms of race strategy, with the tyres being the dominant factor. We had no safety car this year in Melbourne, another important influencer on strategy.
The most important factor in strategic decisions this season is the fact that the new Pirelli tyres degrade much more quickly than the Bridgestones used in recent years and that when they start to go off the performance drops very quickly and severely. So managing that process and making quick decisions was the key on Sunday.
All indications before the weekend were that several pit stops would be needed to complete the race. But it turned out not to be the case in Melbourne, partly because the track surface is smooth.
From a strategy point of view Melbourne was interesting because it had plenty of variety; in the top seven finishers we had one car which stopped just once, two cars stopped three times while the podium finishers all stopped twice.
On race day, the simulations showed that two stops was the ideal and the variations we saw were due to brave gamble on the one hand (Perez; 1 stop) and a forced change of plans on the other, due to setbacks (Alonso and Webber; 3 stops).
The key to navigating through was flexibility and willingness to change tactics.
Meanwhile at the front Sebastian Vettel showed that when you have a dominant car you can make the strategy bend to your will.
In depth case studies - Sergio Perez,
The 21 year old Mexican, on their debut, was the talk of Melbourne with their bold strategy of stopping just once. After winter testing this seemed almost inconceivable, but the Sauber is the most gentle car on its tyres and Perez drove expertly to make a set of soft tyres last 35 laps.
Having qualified outside the top ten they had a free choice of tyres on which to start the race. They were the only one to opt for hard tyres. This meant that they would run a longer first stint than everyone else. They were 14th on the first lap. Their pace on the hard tyres was over a second slower than their teammate Kobayashi on the soft tyres. When the cars in front made their first stops, they moved up the order and was 7th when they made their stop on lap 23.
At this stage they were put onto soft tyres, with the intention of stopping again for another set of softs later in the race. The expectation was that this would give them 10th place at the end.
As they drove they found that they could manage the tyres and that contrary to expectations, the track was rubbering in, which punished the tyres less. The team strategists decided to try to get them to the finish without stopping again, targeting a better finish than 10th thanks to being able to save the 25 seconds it takes to make a pit stop.
But it was a very risky tactic - at any moment their tyre performance could suddenly drop off by two seconds or more, ruining their race. They managed the process brilliantly and was even faster than the cars in the top three at around three quarter distance. As their rivals, like Kobayashi, Buemi, Sutil and Di Resta went for their second stop they stayed out and moved into seventh place, which they held to the flag. Sadly the Sauber's rear wing was found to be illegal and they were disqualified from the results. The team has decided not to appeal.
Perez's bold gamble has nevertheless made strategists realise that they should have spent more time doing a long run on the soft tyre in Friday practice to learn about it, rather than just testing it out briefly at the end. They were thinking that the hard and soft would behave as they had in the Barcelona test in terms of relative degradation, but it wasn't the case. We will see all teams doing a long run on Friday in Malaysia as a result. And we could see more drivers "doing a Perez" as the year goes on.
Massa and Alonso: Ferrari on the back foot
Testing had indicated that the Ferrari was the second fastest car behind the Red Bull, with Ferrari competitive on long runs. But in Melbourne the car proved to be harder on its tyres than its rivals and this pushed them down the road of having to stop three times. They will have to get on top of this problem quickly if they are to compete for the title this year.
Alonso started fifth on the grid, but lost four places at the start. They passed Rosberg and Massa and gained another place when Button was penalised for an illegal overtake. But the Ferrari was proving hard on its tyres and they suddenly lost performance around lap 10/11. They had to stop on lap 12, coming out behind Petrov. Despite their setback at the start they were in the hunt for a podium against Webber and Petrov, who was only going to stop twice. Normally when you have a bad start you try to stop less often than your rivals, to regain track position, but that wasn't an option for Ferrari.
The three stopper did allow them to push hard in each stint and it got them ahead of Webber at the final stop.
Renault could see what Alonso was doing, but did not react and stuck to their plan to stop twice. Alonso pushed hard, closing the gap to Petrov to 19 seconds, when the Russian pitted for the second time on lap 36. Alonso's plan at this stage was to pit again leaving them enough laps at the end to catch Petrov using the advantage of new tyres against old ones. First they had to jump Webber and they managed that by staying out one lap longer before the final stop on lap 42.
Alonso then caught Petrov at over a second a lap in the closing stages, but the plan didn't work because the soft tyres on the Renault held up well enough now that the car was running light on fuel and the track was rubbering in and being kinder to tyres. Petrov held their nerve and Alonso ran out of laps in which to pass him.
Webber: strategy call didn't work
Mark Webber left Melbourne with much to reflect on and analyse. Driving the same Red Bull RB7 car as race winner Sebastian Vettel, Webber finished fifth, a full 38 seconds behind their teammate. The reason was that they were very hard on their tyres and the team made a call at their first stop which didn't work out.
Third on the opening lap, they nevertheless clearly had the pace in the car to get ahead of Lewis Hamilton through strategy. But their tyre wear was savage; they were the first to pit on lap 11 after their tyres suddenly lost two seconds of performance on lap 10. Switching to the hard tyre their plan was to run a long middle stint and then a final soft tyre stint. This was also an evaluation exercise for the team so they would have some advance information on the hard tyre for Vettel's last stint.
But it proved the wrong decision for Webber as the hard tyres were degrading as much if not more than the softs, were hard to warm up and had no pace. It set them up to be jumped by Alonso later in the race. Webber did just 15 laps on the hards and then two more stints on soft tyres.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - With U.S. unemployment at a 20-year high, some Americans are working for free while looking for a job, but experts are split over whether it is a sign of dedication or desperation.
A job seeker makes a phone call to a potential employer at The Work Place, which provides comprehensive employment and career services in Boston, Massachusetts July 2, 2009. REUTERS/Brian Snyder
Unpaid job seekers can keep their resumes fresh by boosting their experience and learning new skills, experts say, but others warn businesses may take advantage of the jobless and that it is illegal for commercial companies not to pay workers.
Dana Lin, 22, is one of the 14.7 million unemployed workers in the United States. They lost their marketing job at a technology company near San Francisco in April and since then has been working for free for about five hours a week for Internet company Jobnob.com.
“Every company has thousands of people applying for each job, and I realized I needed more appeal,” said Lin, a graduate of Cornell University. Since being laid off, they have applied unsuccessfully for about 50 jobs.
“In some cases companies might be getting the better end of it (by having unpaid workers),” they said. “But it's nice to have something occupy yourself with and when speaking to prospective employers it's nice to say ‘I haven't just been sitting around all day, I've actually been doing something.'”
It's not only the unemployed taking on free work. Some employed people are being asked by bosses to go without pay.
British Airways last month asked its British-based employees to volunteer for up to a month's unpaid work. Some companies and U.S. state and city governments have made staff take unpaid furloughs, but some employees still work anyway to keep up or because they are worried about losing their job.
Ross Eisenbrey, vice president of the Washington D.C.-based Economic Policy Institute, warns that while people can volunteer time for non-profit groups and government, it is illegal for commercial companies to not pay workers.
“It's not just a bad idea, it's illegal,” Eisenbrey. “The law says (companies) may not suffer or permit employees to work for less than the minimum wage.
“The more desperate people get, they will do things like this to try and make themselves more appealing to an employer,” they said. “The short-term prospects for most of the unemployed are very bad. They aren't going to be made much better by working off the books or working for nothing.”
BUILDING TALENT PIPELINE
Job seeker Lin started working with Jobnob.com, a website that tracks salaries, after the company held its first so-called “happy hour” — to link unemployed people with mostly start-up businesses that have work but are unable to pay.
“The job seekers have time,” said Julie Greenberg, co-founder of Jobnob.com. “It's really dangerous for them because once you are unemployed for a few months, there's this proverbial white space on your resume that's growing.”
“They immediately see the benefits, they need references, they need to keep their skills sharp, a lot of people are learning new skills,” they said. “I don't think there's anybody who feels taken advantage of because they understand that ... we wish we had revenue, we wish we could pay you.”
Greenberg said more than 300 job seekers attended the first two “happy hours” and more such events have been planned.
Alexandra Levit, workplace expert and author of “How'd You Score That Gig?” recommended volunteering at non-profit organizations to gain or build experience.
“I think you have to be careful that you're not undervaluing yourself. If you do have the experience, then you should be paid for it,” Levit said. “I absolutely think companies are taking advantage.”
Madeline Laurano, principal analyst at workplace research and advisory firm Bersin and Associates, argued that the recession-spurred trend of working for free is a great way for companies to build a “talent pipeline” to tap when the economy recovers.
“Employers need to think about the same strategies that they would if they were hiring someone who was getting paid. You still want a quality person,” Laurano said. “Job seekers also need to think the same way, ‘I still want to invest my time in a company I believe in, that I can grow and learn from.'
“The argument that people are making is, is it desperation or dedication,” they said. “It's not necessarily volunteering at a homeless shelter, but it's contributing that might also bring you some benefits in the long run.”
The NRMA Insurance Western Sydney Wanderers will continue preparations for the Hyundai A-League, Westfield FFA Cup and AFC Champions League when they head to Japan for a pre-season tour.
Leaving Australian shores tomorrow the team will arrive in Tokyo on Tuesday morning where the Red & Black will spend nine days on tour.With a strong connection with Japan and an impressive fan base in the nation, the Wanderers are looking forward to visiting the country once again.It will be the fifth trip to Japan for the 2014 Asian Champions following the 2013/14 pre-season and three AFC Champions League away games including a Round of 16 ties against Sanfrecce Hiroshima.The Wanderers have also had a number of Japanese players amongst their ranks including club legend Shinji Ono. New signing Jumpei Kusukami is the latest, bringing the tally to four along with former players Yojiro Takahagi and Yusuke Tanaka.It will be the club's third pre-season overseas as the Red & Black also travelled to Abu Dhabi in preparation for the knockout rounds of the 2014 AFC Champions League, participating in the International Petroleum Investments Company Championship.Wanderers CEO John Tsatsimas said that the Club's latest visit to Japan would provide the perfect platform for another successful season.“We're looking forward to returning to Japan where we've always felt very welcome,” said Tsatsimas.“Our tour here before the 2013/14 season provided valuable experience leading into our successful AFC Champions League campaign which ultimately saw us crowned Champions of Asia.“We believe that this tour of Japan will give us the best possible preparation for this season's Hyundai A-League and AFC Champions League seasons as well as our FFA Cup quarter-final on 21 September.”
FIFA is targeting two options for holding the 2022 World Cup in the winter in Qatar, and organizers think that is "ideal" for the Middle East.
After a meeting Monday about five proposals on when to play the tournament, FIFA secretary general Jerome Valcke quickly moved to slim down the field.
"We are getting closer to narrowing the dates for the FIFA World Cup to two options — January-February 2022 or November-December 2022," Valcke said in a FIFA statement.
Qatar's organizing committee leader, Hassan Al Thawadi, said for the first time that hosting the tournament in the searing heat of June and July, as originally scheduled, might not be the best solution.
"(Al Thawadi) outlined that, for the Middle East, the ideal situation and circumstances for an all-inclusive World Cup would be for it to be held in the winter," according to the FIFA statement.
Still, FIFA noted that Qatar "remained fully committed to delivering what was promised in its bid" — including stadium cooling technology to combat 40 degree C (104 degree F) temperatures during the traditional World Cup calendar dates.
Blatter: No conflict with 2022 Winter Olympics
The January-February option is favoured by FIFA's confederations. At that time, many European countries are in mid-season breaks or in their off-season. Asia and Africa are used to playing their continental championships at the start of a year.
A January 2022 kickoff remains in play although it seems designed to fail. FIFA President Sepp Blatter, who is an IOC member, has assured IOC President Thomas Bach that the World Cup will not clash with the 2022 Winter Olympics.
The IOC is currently evaluating candidate cities Beijing and Almaty, Kazakhstan, to host a Winter Games expected to be held in February 2022.
The 214-member European Club Association has suggested the Olympics move its dates, and also proposed a World Cup from April 28-May 29.
That option has long been rejected by Valcke, who reiterated that the start of month-long Ramadan fasting on April 2, 2022, must also be considered.
The players' union, FIFPro, also opposes the clubs' spring plan because of the heat.
"The health and safety of the players is non-negotiable," FIFPro said in a statement. "Staging a World Cup in and around the oppressive summer months of Qatar is simply not an option."
European leagues suggested a compromise May-June tournament.
FIFA said the panel will meet early next year, likely in February, to assess reports from Valcke and Asian Football Confederation President Sheikh Salman Bin Ebrahim Al Khalifa of Bahrain on proposals made at Monday's meeting.
"We are pleased with the level of detail provided by the participants and with the productive discussions that took place today," Sheik Salman said.
FIFA's executive committee could decide on the World Cup dates in March.
by CYRYL JAKUBOWSKI
A man and a woman were charged with first degree murder and home invasion in connection with the fatal stabbing of two people at about 11:20 p.m. Friday, Sept. 5, at a residence in the 5800 block of North Mobile Avenue, according to the Cook County State's Attorney's Office.
The suspects were identified by the state's attorney's office as Brittney Mitchell, age 18, of the 4700 block of North Lamon Avenue, and Orhan Cerimagic, age 22, of the 6200 block of North Hoyne Avenue.
According to the state's attorney's office, Mitchell allegedly plotted to rob an acquaintance of drugs with Cerimagic and their brother, Miran, age 20, and a third man who was not charged in the case.
The resident of the home who was killed was identified by the state's attorney's office as Desmond Gunawardana, age 35. The man died from multiple stab wounds to the head and neck, according to the Cook County Medical Examiner's Office.
During the robbery, Miran Cerimagic, also of the 6200 block of North Hoyne Avenue, was wounded by Gunawardana, and they died at Swedish Covenant Hospital, the state's attorney's office said.
Mitchell allegedly made plans with the resident to meet at about 10 p.m. Friday, while the two brothers and the third man waited in a car about a block away, according to the state's attorney's office. Once inside the residence, Mitchell unlocked the back door and sent a text message informing Orhan Cerimagic that the door was unlocked, authorities said.
Miran Cerimagic and the third man entered the home armed with a gun and zip ties, and a struggle ensued between Gunawardana and Miran Cerimagic, the state's attorney's office said. The two men grabbed knives and stabbed each other multiple times, and Gunawardana died in the kitchen, authorities said.
Following the botched robbery, the three drove Miran Cerimagic to Swedish Covenant Hospital, where they died, police said. Following an investigation, Mitchell allegedly admitted their involvement in the robbery, and officers found a text message on Orhan Cerimagic's phone stating that the back door was unlocked, the state's attorney said.
A surveillance video from the hospital shows Orhan Cerimagic driving away after dropping off their brother, the state's attorney's office said.
The two were ordered held without bond, and their next court date is scheduled for Sept. 26.
Breitbart Texas traveled to the Mexican border cities of Reynosa and Matamoros to recruit citizen journalists willing to risk their lives and expose the cartels silencing their communities. The writers would face certain death at the hands of the Gulf Cartel if a pseudonym were not used. Breitbart Texas' Cartel Chronicles are published in both English and in their original Spanish. This article was written by “AJ Espinoza” from Matamoros.
MATAMOROS, Tamaulipas — The execution of a local commander with the Gulf Cartel called Ciclon 10 in this border city as they ate a local cafeteria called “La Chiquita” set off a day of firefights and heralds a new wave of violence in the already fierce war within the Gulf Cartel.
Authorities have described Juventino “Ciclon 10 or El Guajolote” Solis Morales as the head of the fuel theft and sale in Matamoros. Solis along with their henchmen Alejandro Soto Liu had been at the cafeteria which is just blocks from an international bridge when two gunmen fired at them with a rifle and a handgun spraying gunfire at the two men.
The cartel commander and their henchmen were left in a pool of their own blood while the two others left. A patron at the restaurant was also struck by a bullet fragment but was not seriously hurt.
The brazen execution in broad daylight set of a series of fierce firefights and pursuits around the city particularly on the East side prompting the deployment of federal and state forces. While Tamaulipas authorities issued a news release about the execution, they have not provided information about the multiple firefights throughout the city.
Convoys of troops aided by a military helicopter were seen around the following neighborhoods patrolling and searching for gunmen – Praderas, Culturas, Esperanza, Playa Sol, Popular, Las Americas, Camino Real, Alianza, Lauro Villar and Cantinflas Avenue which is right by Veteran's International Bridge. Other shootouts took place along Constituents Avenues, 12 De Marzo and Sendero Nacional highway.
During the deployment of the troops the soldiers engaged the gunmen in pursuits and in exchanges of gunfire. The soldiers were seen surrounding several vehicles. A teenager was struck by a stray bullet and was rushed to a local hospital and is reported to be in stable condition. Authorities didn't point to any injuries or deaths as far as cartel gunmen, police or soldiers.
EN ESPANOL
Hamilton fire crews were called to Albion Falls Wednesday night, to help rescue a woman who couldn't climb back out after going for a hike.
Public Information Officer Claudio Mostacci told CBC News that crews were called to the falls shortly after 8 p.m.
A group of people had gone down for a hike, they said. "When they were coming back up, one person wasn't able to continue," Mostacci said.
The woman hadn't suffered a fall, they said, but their physical condition wouldn't allow them to climb back out.
Firefighters got them into a basket, and were able to pull them to the top, where they were placed into the care of paramedics, Mostacci said.
The rescue comes as new barriers and fencing were installed at Albion Falls, in an attempt to deter people from hiking off designated pathways.
The city announced last week that it will patrol Albion Falls and ticket people who jump the fence.
Police Const. Jerome Stewart told CBC News that it "does not appear that they contravened the posted bylaw."
Starbucks customers are reporting that hundreds of dollars have been stolen from their credit cards after receiving emails saying the passwords and login details for the coffee company's mobile app had been reset.
While details of exactly how the attacks are taking place are still unclear, it appears that credentials leaked in previous cyberattacks could be used to allow hackers to siphon off money from Starbucks's customers.
Starbucks' smartphone apps allow customers to pay for coffee and food in store, by pre-loading their reward cards with credit by storing a credit or debit card with the company.
By gaining access to a victim's rewards card, the hackers don't necessarily even need to know the card details or account number of the customer in order to perpetrate the fraud. Considering users of the app are also required to input their date of birth and address as well as card details, the hackers could then reuse these credentials in other attacks.
Those carrying out the attacks have taken advantage of a feature of the smartphone apps called "auto top-up" which automatically added a pre-defined amount of money to your card when it drops below a certain figure.
In one attack, reported by consumer journalist Bob Sullivan, an Orlando woman had their balance of $34.77 (£23.93) wiped off their account before it auto-updated with $25 and then again with a further $75 after the hackers changed the auto top-up amount.
Unauthorised
The woman, along with several others on social media websites, have reported that the attacks typically begin with an email which said that their username and password had been changed and if this was unauthorised, they should contact Starbucks.
The attacks reported to date seem to be solely affecting US customers with IBTimes UK learning that Starbucks has not seen any reports of similar behaviour in the UK or Europe.
The company has also pointed out that neither its smartphone apps nor its systems have been breached - though this is unlikely to be of much comfort to the customers whose money has been stolen.
The Seattle-based coffee company has not addressed the specifics of these attacks, but the evidence suggests that the hackers are using credentials stolen in other breaches (such as the high profile attacks on Target and Home Depot in the US in 2014) to access customer accounts.
As many people reuse username/password credentials across a variety of online services, the hackers will have been able to successfully access the accounts without too many problems before changing the passwords.
In order to retrieve the money, the hackers have several options. The first would be to transfer the balance from one gift card to another which is under their control, before selling these online for a reduced rate. They could also use a feature allowing Starbucks customers to combine the balances from multiple cards onto a single card – again, one which is under their control.
Starbucks has said they are not linked or connected to mobile payments, adding:
"We take the obligation to protect customers' information seriously and have safeguards in place to constantly monitor for fraudulent activity, working closely with financial institutions like all major retailers. For obvious reasons, we are unable to discuss specific security measures. Our customers' security is incredibly important to us and we take all these concerns seriously."
Conspiracy theory
Stephen Coty, from security company Alert Logic believes a recent problem with the company's in-store payment systems could be linked to this attack:
"The timing of this attack is very interesting since, just about a week ago, Starbucks had an issue in their stores with their payment system not allowing for the processing of credit cards. Makes you think what exactly happened to the payment system that shut down the service for a day and gave attackers an opportunity to compromise a part of their system."
However Starbucks has told IBTimes UK that this is "untrue" and that there is no link between the two incidents.
The company added that it worked quickly to resolve the concerns of customers who reported issues about their accounts to the company, saying customer account balances are protected by Starbucks.
However some customers have said that while their initial balances have been restored, the subsequent purchases have not been refunded and it is up to the customers themselves to chase up their banks to try and retrieve the money.
This is not the first time Starbucks smartphone apps have been criticised. In January 2014 security researcher Daniel Wood pointed out that the company was storing usernames and passwords in clear text and that if an attacker got hold of a customers phone they could potentially steal their account information.
Starbucks acknowledged the attack but said it was highly unlikely to affect any of its customers.
This article is about the pornography pioneers. For the British music group, see The Mitchell Brothers
Brothers James Lloyd "Jim" Mitchell (November 30, 1943, in Stockton, California – July 12, 2007, in Petaluma, California) and Artie Jay Mitchell (December 17, 1945, in Lodi, California – February 27, 1991, in Marin County, California) were pioneers in the pornography and striptease club business in San Francisco and other parts of California from 1969 until 1991, when Jim was convicted of killing Artie.
They opened the O'Farrell Theatre in 1969 as an adult cinema and at one time operated 11 such businesses. They produced and directed many adult films, including Behind the Green Door in 1972. They were also successful as defendants in many obscenity cases. Their notoriety significantly increased with Jim's fratricide and they became the subject of three books, X-Rated, Bottom Feeders, and 9½ Years Behind the Mitchell Brothers' Green Door and one movie, Rated X.
Early life [ edit ]
The Mitchells' father, Robert (known to all as Bob), an "Okie", was a professional gambler. They and their wife, Georgia Mae, settled in Antioch, California near San Francisco, and according to the Mitchell brothers' biographers, provided a relatively stable childhood for Jim and Artie; the boys were popular and their childhood friends would become important members of the Mitchells' porn empire.
Jim, a part-time filmmaking student at San Francisco State University in the mid-1960s, aspired to become an "important" director like Francis Ford Coppola and Roman Polanski, and headed a clique of classmates with similar ambitions. While in school, they worked at the Follies, a cinema showing "nudies" (brief, plotless films featuring naked performers), and observed that each night the theater was filled with "horn dick daddies" (masturbators) who arrived simply for the onscreen nudity. They therefore perceived pornography as a potentially lucrative career opportunity for themselves and Artie, who had just been discharged from the Army.
Moviemaking and the O'Farrell Theatre [ edit ]
In 1969, with the help of Artie's Ivy League-educated wife Meredith Bradford, the brothers fulfilled their ambitions by leasing and renovating a dilapidated two-story building at 895 O'Farrell Street, which they converted into the O'Farrell Theatre, a movie theater with a makeshift film studio upstairs. They also rented a larger facility at 991 Tennessee Street in which to shoot some of their films; nevertheless, even their fans conceded that the Mitchells' movies ranged in quality from mediocre to atrocious. Jim Mitchell once quipped, "The only Art in [porn] is my brother."
The Mitchells opened the O'Farrell Theatre on the July 4, 1969, and were confronted almost immediately by the authorities. They would open other X-rated movie houses in California over the years, spending much time in court and money on lawyers to stay open as indignant locals and officials repeatedly tried to shut them down.
They became incorporated as Cinema 7 (headquartered in the managers' offices at the O'Farrell Theatre), and in 1972 produced one of the world's first famous feature-length pornographic movies, Behind the Green Door, starring then-unknown Ivory Snow girl Marilyn Chambers in their porn debut. The movie, produced for $60,000, grossed over $25 million.[1]
The Mitchells rode the porno chic wave, using some of their Green Door profits to produce fairly lavish hardcore movies including Resurrection of Eve in 1973, Sodom and Gomorrah: The Last Seven Days in 1975, C.B. Mamas (1976),[2] The Autobiography of a Flea (1976),[3][4] Never a Tender Moment (1979), and Beyond De Sade (1979).
One of their last big-budget movies was The Grafenberg Spot (1985), featuring Traci Lords, who had entered the adult-video industry underaged using fake identification. The Mitchell brothers were the first to transfer film titles to videotape and market them via ads in national sex magazines. The brothers were inducted into the AVN Hall of Fame.
In 1985, the brothers made the sequel to Behind the Green Door that had been long-awaited—and often postponed. They hired Sharon McNight, a cabaret singer and frequent movie collaborator, to direct the picture and, uncharacteristically, chose to cast the film exclusively with amateur performers, despite the availability of such adult-industry stars as Lady Ashley Liberty, who had just concluded an engagement at New York City's Show World Center. The Mitchell brothers auditioned virtually every newcomer who responded to their advertisements (which appeared in Variety and Bay Area sex tabloids). A handful of O'Farrell dancers accepted small roles; one of them asked to be cast as Gloria, the female lead, reprising the role originally played by Chambers, who did not participate in the sequel. While McNight considered the house dancer for that part, Artie Mitchell's then-girlfriend, who then called themselves Missy Manners,[5] cast themselves as Gloria. Filming of the sequel occurred mainly in the O'Farrell Theatre, and took only one day.
Missy,[5] overweight and utterly inexperienced at acting and public sex, reportedly had much difficulty performing in front of the film crew; the set was so tense that at one point Jim Mitchell harangued one of their O'Farrell managers in front of everyone because their catered lunch was inadequate. The Green Door sequel was also the world's first safe-sex film, in which all the men wore condoms, and self-protection advice was given to the audience by one of the characters. Highly over-budgeted at $250,000, Behind the Green Door: the Sequel, according to adult magazines, was one of the worst porn pictures ever made, mainly due to the absence of a professional cast.[5]
Lawsuits [ edit ]
In the mid-1970s, low-level organized crime began making unauthorized copies of the Mitchells' movies, and the brothers retaliated in the courts. When one judge ruled that obscene material could not receive copyright protection, the brothers eventually prevailed in the 5th Circuit Court of Appeals,[6] leading to the FBI copyright warnings now found at the start of videos.[7]
The O'Farrell Theatre was frequently raided on obscenity and related charges, leading to over 200 cases against its proprietors. They were defended by maverick attorney Michael Kennedy.[7]
Friends and activities outside of porn [ edit ]
The Mitchells were popular on the fringes of San Francisco's diverse society. Their friends included a who's-who of pornography plus San Francisco politicians: Warren Hinckle, Herb Gold, Aerosmith, Black Panther Huey "Doc" Newton, and Jack Palladino. Palladino would come to be considered the world's most expensive private investigator. The late journalist Hunter S. Thompson was a close friend of the brothers, and frequently visited the O'Farrell Theatre. In 1988, the Mitchells made a 30-minute documentary about him, Hunter S. Thompson: The Crazy Never Die.[8]
Thompson claimed in their 2003 book Kingdom of Fear that they had worked for a while in 1985 as night manager at the club, an assertion repeated by some news articles.[9] Thompson also claimed that the Mitchell brothers smuggled guns to the IRA.[10]
Jim and Artie Mitchell supported various cartoonists, Dan O'Neill among them. During the 1984 Democratic National Convention, they opened the upper floor of the O'Farrell to a group of underground cartoonists, including Victor Moscoso, Robert Crumb, Spain Rodriguez, Ted Richards, S. Clay Wilson, Gary Hallgren and Phil Frank, to cover the convention for the San Francisco Chronicle.[9]
Jim launched the publication War News to protest the first Gulf War; journalist Warren Hinckle was hired as editor, Robert Crumb designed the logo, and Art Spiegelman and Winston Smith were paid contributors.[9] Other contributors included Daniel Ellsberg, Michael Moore, Paul Krassner, Ron Turner, Bob Callahan, Peter Bagge, Jim Woodring, Trina Robbins, S. Clay Wilson, and Hunter S. Thompson. The publication drew little support, and folded shortly after the defeat of Iraq.[11]
Personal lives [ edit ]
Twice-divorced Jim cohabitated for years with Lysa Thatcher (real name Lisa Adams), a former adult-entertainment starlet and O'Farrell dancer.[12] They and their second wife Mary Jane had four children and were married for seven years until 1986;[13][14][15] one of them, Meta, is now the O'Farrell's general manager.[16][17]
Artie was the father of six, three with their first wife, Meredith Bradford (who retained their maiden name and insisted that their children go by Bradford), and the others with Karen Hassall, whom they divorced in the mid-1980s. Meredith attended law school at their husband's expense and, upon graduating, represented the Mitchells until Jim fired them over a conflict involving their children's manners at their family's Massachusetts vacation home.[citation needed]
In 2011, Jim's son James "Rafe" Mitchell was convicted of murder.[18] In May 2014, Artie's methamphetamine-abusing daughter Jasmine was arrested for their alleged participation in an identity-theft ring.[19] In Bottom Feeders, John Hubner characterizes the Mitchells as frequently quarreling with each other and everyone else, alternately stingy and profligate, and often misogynistic.[20] In Hubner's book, the O'Farrell Theatre is a mirrored house of sleaze, filled with bikini-clad predators hustling money from men too insecure or ugly to get girls any other way. Cinema 7, the Mitchells' company, is a model of inefficiency, with its top members, almost invariably boyhood friends of the brothers, spending their office hours taking drugs, drinking beer and playing pool as customers' orders for videos go unfilled for weeks at a time.[citation needed]
Killing of Artie, and trial [ edit ]
On February 27, 1991, Jim, in response to demands by friends and associates to "do something" about alcoholic, cocaine-addled Artie, drove to Artie's house with a .22 rifle that they inherited from their father[citation needed] and fatally shot the younger Mitchell. O'Farrell dancer Julie Bajo (Artie's lover at the time) immediately called 911, and the police arrested Jim minutes later. Marilyn Chambers spoke at Artie's funeral,[7] and they were then buried in Lodi Memorial Cemetery.
After a highly publicized trial in which Jim was represented by an old friend, Michael Kennedy (by then a prominent Park Avenue attorney), the jury rejected a murder charge and found them guilty of voluntary manslaughter. Before Jim's sentencing, numerous people spoke on their behalf (presumably appealing for clemency), including former Mayor Frank Jordan, Sheriff Michael Hennessey, and former Police Chief Richard Hongisto.[1] Mitchell was sentenced to six years in prison.[citation needed]
One of the results of Jim's trial was that the California Courts allowed, in a precedent-setting decision, a computer animation reenactment of the murder to be entered into evidence. It showed the positions of Jim, Artie, the bullet impact points, and the path taken by bullets as they entered Artie's body. This was the first use of a 3D computer animation in a criminal trial.[21][22] In their final argument before the jury, Michael Kennedy had attempted to mock the virtual-reality reenactment. However, the success of the method led to its use in other trials.
After release from prison [ edit ]
After they served three years in San Quentin, Jim was released in 1997 and returned to run the O'Farrell Theatre.[citation needed] Jim established the "Artie Fund" to collect money for a local drug rehabilitation center and for the Surf Rescue Squad of the San Francisco Fire Department. (In 1990, Artie had been caught in a riptide off Ocean Beach, Jim had paddled out to help, and the Surf Rescue Squad had aided in the rescue of both of them; the Mitchells, out of gratitude, issued lifetime O'Farrell passes to the squad members.)[1] Artie's children have denounced the fund, claiming that it is intended to whitewash Artie's murder. On their website, they describe their father's murder as premeditated and motivated by greed and jealousy, and claim that the depictions of Artie in the books and movie are inaccurate.[23] Shortly before their death, Jim wanted to change California's nickname to "the Prison State" and design a license plate saying so. They intended to protest the efforts of law enforcement officers and prison guards to lobby for longer prison sentences.[9]
Death of Jim [ edit ]
Jim Mitchell died at their ranch in western Sonoma County on July 12, 2007, from an apparent heart attack. The funeral in Jim's boyhood town of Antioch, California on July 19 was attended by around 300 people, including Mayor Willie Brown, former District Attorney Terence Hallinan, and many O'Farrell ecdysiasts. They were buried next to their brother.[24]
Books and movies [ edit ]
Biographies of the brothers are X-Rated by David McCumber (1992, ISBN 0-671-75156-5) and Bottom Feeders: From Free Love to Hard Core by John Hubner (1993, ISBN 0-385-42261-X).
In 2000, their story was dramatized in the movie Rated X starring real life brothers Charlie Sheen and Emilio Estevez as Artie and Jim, with Estevez also directing. The film was shot in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, although the entire story occurred in the San Francisco Bay Area.
In 2001 the TV series Forensic Files aired an episode called "Sibling Rivalry", which documented Artie's murder and the use of forensic animation and sound analysis at Jim's trial.
The 2007 book 9½ Years Behind the Green Door ( ISBN 1934248622) by Simone Corday describes the brothers from the perspective of a dancer at the O'Farrell and girlfriend of Artie.
Popular references [ edit ]
The Mitchell brothers inspired The Left Hand and the Right Hand, written by Chuck Prophet and released on their 2012 album Temple Beautiful. The album was an homage to Prophet's hometown San Francisco.
This year brought what former Texas governor (and current idiot) Rick Perry had us praying for back in 2011: big, biblical buckets of rain. In May, I was passing through the last suburbs of Dallas on my way back home to Austin. Ahead of me, the sky was like a two-day-old bruise. About 10 minutes later, I was in it. Water poured over my windshield. I bent forward and squinted, my knuckles white on the steering wheel. I was doing 15, but was shooting past other drivers who had stopped where they were, hit their flashers, and decided to wait for the sun. The rain would drop over five inches in Austin that night and keep at it for another two days.
In times of drought, rain starts to feel like a figment of the imagination, and floods like a laughable fiction. But if the predictions of climate experts are correct, we'll be seeing more frequent swings from one extreme to another: Texas' travails are a prologue for the entire West, and arid lands around the world. Today this is just a tableau of things to come from shell-shocked Texas, but unless planners and politicians everywhere can begin to imagine a bigger, more violent climate, we may well be reading similar dispatches from one state after another.
At the end of the flood, Texans wandered dazed through the wreckage. Football fields were submerged to the crossbars on their goalposts. Piles of furniture — water-logged and ruined — sat on curbs in the lowest parts of Austin. In Wimberley, several homes had been whisked away as easily as paper boats, taking their residents with them. According to The Guardian, $42 million in damages occurred when the rains hit Houston. Thirty-one people died. FEMA lumbered into action. Hashtags flickered across cyberspace.
Through all of it, us Texans thought, “Well, at least we're out of the drought, right?” The media would confirm this consolation — headlines told us the drought was over, and technically they weren't wrong. It's tempting to turn our minds to other, more pleasant things, but the water crisis isn't over in Texas, not by a long shot. Texas oscillates between drought and flood constantly, and complacency is a dangerous attitude, especially with climate change making the weather more unpredictable every year.
It's easy to look at the past five years in Texas and see why so many are quick to call the drought a thing of the past. Since 2010, Texas has been crippled by a drought that State Climatologist John Nielson-Gammon compared to the big one of the '50s, which lasted from 1950-57. It was so brutal that 200,000 ranches and farms dried up and blew away and changed the statewide attitude toward water planning.
In 2011, the La Niña weather pattern made for an incredibly dry year — only 15 inches of rain fell. To compare: Austin usually sees 34 inches of rain annually, Dallas, 41, and Houston, 45.
That year, if you drove through the more rural parts of the state, there was a good chance you'd see cows standing in what was usually their watering hole, licking hopefully at the mud. In 2012-13, the El Niño weather pattern scientists predicted didn't happen; the drought continued. Corn withered on the stalk, and the Texas Commission for Environmental Quality cut off water for rice farmers for a fourth time in the three years since the drought. It was grim — were water wars in our future? Visions of Tank Girl, Mad Max, and Dune haunted our dreams.
But then a wet year like this one comes along, and we see increases to our surface and groundwater levels, and the major aquifers start to get recharged. Yeehaw. While this is good news, there's danger in forgetting about Texas' urgent water needs. Just because the drought has ended for now doesn't mean it won't be nipping at Texas' heels next summer.
Meteorologist and climatologist Troy Kimmel, a faculty member at the University of Texas at Austin's Geography and the Environment department, said one wet year isn't a long-term solution to a five-year problem.
“Most of that water didn't stick; it emptied into the Gulf,” they said. “And there are still parts in the [Texas] Hill Country in drought.”
It's easy for people to forget about the water crisis with the image of flooded downtown Austin still fresh in their minds. “They see green in their yards, and think, ‘What drought?'” Kimmel said. “I believe we ought to keep water usage restrictions in place. Especially since our water needs will become more urgent the more the population increases.” The flood may have been able to lift Texas out of the drought, but the long-term solution to water shortages can't simply be lots and lots of rain.
Many of the public water systems in Texas have lifted water restrictions for their residents, and many might mistakenly draw the conclusion that the lack of restrictions is the sole result of the increased rain, but it isn't that simple.
Andrea Marrow, who works for the Office of Water (an uncharacteristically clear title for a government bureau), patiently explained the complexities that go into rating public water systems. (Important aside: If you call the Office of Water, you'll be serenaded by a Texas cowboy crooning aquatic-themed country ditties, which would have been reward enough for me). They explained they've been fixing these stressed water systems since 2009, but this is often forgotten by the public.
In fact, a big success story reported by media outlets was Spicewood Beach, which ran out of water in 2012; the government hauled water into the community for a few years. Now the plumbing is working in Spicewood Beach again, Marrow said, but not because of the rain: there had been a problem with the water system that was not directly caused by the drought. And workers cleared that up months before the floods hit.
There were some public water systems, like Wichita Falls, that are more dependent on groundwater and “were significantly benefited by the rains of May,” Marrow said. But, they insisted, it would be irresponsible to claim that public water systems have been improved because of just one thing. Right. That makes total sense — droughts are complicated, multi-faceted beasts, yet it's easy to forget all about them once it's rained for a month.
There is a danger as water restrictions lift: a lack of restrictions makes it easier to forget about conservation. When residents are no longer receiving water restriction notices in the mail (usually decorated with clipart and veiled threats), they tend to think the emergency is over. While some cities—like Austin—continue to institute voluntary restrictions when not in drought, others don't. Texas has been do-si-do-ing with drought for so long that conservation shouldn't be so easy to forget, but it is.
Even before the rubble from the floods has had time to settle, the water's effect on the drought has already started to recede: In a weekly report of current water conditions across the state, the Texas Water Development Board showed abnormally dry areas in the central and eastern parts of Texas, and in the panhandle. Plus, this report revealed that “the 21-week run of statewide reservoir storage increases has ended with statewide storage decreasing by 60,000 acre feet last week.”
Sure, statewide reservoir storage is up by 20 percent compared to the past two years, but that storage is starting to decrease. If next summer is a dry one, we might be back to where we were last year or the year before, and when the next La Niña hits? Well, then we might have to go back to praying for plagues.
In an all-too familiar tactic shared by the US political right and left alike, the Democratic Party has blamed the WikiLeaks release of internal emails on Russia. NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden, however, isn't convinced.
Over the weekend, WikiLeaks released a cache of some 20,000 emails from high-ranking members within the Democratic National Committee (DNC). The correspondence has embarrassed party elites, showing an obvious bias against Clinton's primary opponent Bernie Sanders. The revelations have already forced DNC chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz to step down.
Rather than discuss the content of the emails, the DNC has instead launched a smear campaign against WikiLeaks, and alleged that the organization received the information from hackers hired by the Russian government.
These claims were made without any evidence, and few seem convinced. Among the skeptics is NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden, who points out in a series of tweets that if there was any evidence of Russian involvement, it would be easy to deduce.
"It is worth asking the question: who would be happy if we left [the EU]? Putin might be happy. I suspect [Daesh leader] al-Baghdadi would be happy," they said.
Putin dismissed the allegations.
"Statements made by the UK prime minister, Mr. Cameron, before this plebiscite, before this referendum, on Russia's stance, have no basis and never had," the Russian president said. "I believe that this is nothing more than a flawed attempt to influence the public opinion in their own country."
© AP Photo / Gerald Herbert Kremlin Regrets ‘Demonization of Russia' Became Mandatory Feature of US Election Campaign
Western pundits have also attempted to blame Moscow for the rise of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. These claims are based largely on the fact that the billionaire has noted that they respect the Russian president as a leader, and would seek to improve relations between the two countries.
"It's no secret that the 'demonization of Russia' and all that is connected with Russia, unfortunately, is an essential feature of the US election campaign," Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said in March. "We always deeply regret it and wish electoral processes would do without such references to our country."
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has also come under attack for the fresh email leak, criticized for focusing on Democrats. But in an interview with Democracy Now, Assange made clear that they have little appreciation for either major US presidential candidate.
"Well, you're asking me, do I prefer cholera or gonorrhea?" they said. "Personally, I would prefer neither."
As Geeks we are expected to have a certain set of skills that the majority of the population does not possess. This list is by no means complete, but I think it is a good sample of the skills required to be a true geek. I won't pretend to have all the skills listed here. I even had to Google a few of them.
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links. Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue.
Like all good Geeks you should be able to utilize resources to accomplish any of these things. Knowing where to look for the knowledge is as good as having it so give yourself points if you are certain that you could Google the knowledge necessary for a skill.
Many thanks to everyone on Twitter who helped with this list: @AirRock, @AK_Doug, @businesssocks, @cebsilver, @cerebus19, @cooldeadsex, @czarinas78, @debtblackhole, @failedidealist, @fitzwillie, @gallamine, @geekDadNath, @geekgirldiva, @geekyguy, @gNotapipe, @j616, @jayisgeek, @jennywilliams, @Jintoushi, @Jmanak, @Jmanak, @kaden_harris, @kmakice, @Kurpsi, @liz_nicole, @mariancall, @MMiddleton, @morgret, @nerdfoo, @nosrednAhsoJ, @rodrigo_b, @rhaxer, @rosaamarilla, @russn, @serrot, @SkruLuce, @thatoneyoyoguy, @TheGeekSpeak, @TheOfficeTroll, @thepete, @thinkgeek, @UberDorkGirlie, @yankeechick42
If you have anything to add to the list, please comment bellow or send a tweet to @AntonOlsen.
[update: Due to popular demand #84 has been moved up to #42.]
[update 2: I will be coming back in a couple hours to start adding links to the list. ]
[update 3: I've added some links, more to come as I get time.]
It's happening! The Galaxy S5 Android 5.0 lollipop firmware that we all have been for waiting has finally leaked, but it's not for the international variant of the device. Surprisingly, the first Lollipop firmware for Galaxy S5 has leaked for the Sprint variant of the device, SM-G900P.
The leaked firmware's build is G900PVPU1BNKD, all thanks to over at XDA for bringing this to us. We don't have a Sprint variant of the Galaxy S5 with us to test drive the leaked firmware for you, but it's reported to be working fine, however it's yet to be tested completely.
Also, Chainfire has also updated CF Auto Root for the Sprint Galaxy S5 (SM-G900P) to support the leaked lollipop NKD firmware running LRX21T lollipop build.
Grab the G900PVPU1BNKD firmware and compatible CFAR from the download links below:
icon-download Sprint Galaxy S5 lollipop firmware G900PVPU1BNKD (1.28 GB)
File name: G900P_NKD_FullRestore.exe
CF Auto Root (24.33 GB)
File name: CF-Auto-Root-kltespr-kltespr-smg900p.zip
via XDA
International Workers Day event: "Slow & Steady"!
This tournament is a humble tribute to all world wide workers that, built each country/cities at the "door" of the 20th century.
Required NewGRF's:
- eGRVTS2: eGRVTS2.grf
- Iron Horse: iron-horse.grf
All can be downloaded under "Check Online Content" option/button.
Tournament Date:
- 01/05/2016 (Sunday, May 1st) - 16:00 (GMT)
Server Specifics:
- Game version: The stable OpenTTD version on tournament date;
- Gamescript: Aphid's CB Gamescript;
- Landscape: Desert (like the wild west ^^)
- Map size: 1024x1024
- BTPro rules:
+ Company resets ONLY with an admin authorization.
+ Early ages will require respect among players because of slow vehicles and possible jams.
- Start: 1895; End: Goal
- Companies Autoclean: OFF;
- Limits: Trains: 50, Road vehicles: 5000, Ships: 0, Aircraft: 0 | Station spread: 5 tile(s) | Train size: 5 tile(s)
- Breakdowns: OFF;
- Max Loan: 300000 GBP;
- NO Multiple similar industries per town;
- Max companies: 15;
- Max players per company: 2;
- Goal: Build a town with 6000 inhabitants;
Town demands: (amount values are for 1000 inhabitants)
- Water: from 200 population; amount: 75; Cargo storage decay: 5%;
- Food: from 500 population; amount: 75; Cargo storage decay: 10%;
- Passengers: from 1000 population; amount: 90; No Storage;
- Mail: from 1500 population; amount: 15; No Storage;
- Goods: from 2500 population; amount: 75; Cargo storage decay: 5%;
- Diamonds: from 3500 population; amount: 20; Cargo storage decay: 2%;
* Distributes (loaded on claimed town and delivered elsewhere, including same town ^^)
- 25% of Passengers produced; from 1000 population;
- 25% of mail produced; from 1500 population;
Reward Points:
- the reward formula will be the one used on CB servers PLUS a bonus of 2x for winner(s) and 1,5x to the others.
- Registration is not mandatory, but only players that sign up here to tournament will have reserved slots and points.
- Logged in players will also get bonus points for playing.
- Minimal population to receive points: 2500 (33 % of the goal)
Registering will be closed at May 1st, 15:00.
The above settings may be subject to change.
Meanwhile, all can practice on our #TRAINING SERVER#. Enjoy the games
-BTPro.nl- #XX ..:: TRAINING SERVER ::..
Hint: Above 200 population towns require too a minimal internal passenger service
_______
Well, the horses get tired really quick so, some adjustments:
- Added Iron Horse newgrf: 50 trains available;
- Modified Station spread to 5 tile(s);
- Goal set to 7500 inhabitants;
- Adjustment on Town demands; BTPro team announces a Specialevent: "Slow & Steady"!This tournament is a humble tribute to all world wide workers that, built each country/cities at the "door" of the 20th century.- eGRVTS2: eGRVTS2.grf- Iron Horse: iron-horse.grfAll can be downloaded under "Check Online Content" option/button.- 01/05/2016 (Sunday, May 1st) - 16:00 (GMT)- Game version: The stable OpenTTD version on tournament date;- Gamescript: Aphid's CB Gamescript;- Landscape: Desert (like the wild west ^^)- Map size: 1024x1024- BTPro rules: openttd.btpro.nl/forum/11-server-rules/10-server-rules + Company resets ONLY with an admin authorization.+ Early ages will require respect among players because of slow vehicles and possible jams.- Start: 1895; End: Goal- Companies Autoclean: OFF;- Limits: Trains: 50, Road vehicles: 5000, Ships: 0, Aircraft: 0 | Station spread: 5 tile(s) | Train size: 5 tile(s)- Breakdowns: OFF;- Max Loan: 300000 GBP;- NO Multiple similar industries per town;- Max companies: 15;- Max players per company: 2;- Goal: Build a town with 6000 inhabitants;(amount values are for 1000 inhabitants)- Water: from 200 population; amount: 75; Cargo storage decay: 5%;- Food: from 500 population; amount: 75; Cargo storage decay: 10%;- Passengers: from 1000 population; amount: 90; No Storage;- Mail: from 1500 population; amount: 15; No Storage;- Goods: from 2500 population; amount: 75; Cargo storage decay: 5%;- Diamonds: from 3500 population; amount: 20; Cargo storage decay: 2%;* Distributes (loaded on claimed town and delivered elsewhere, including same town ^^)- 25% of Passengers produced; from 1000 population;- 25% of mail produced; from 1500 population;- the reward formula will be the one used on CB servers PLUS a bonus of 2x for winner(s) and 1,5x to the others.- Registration is not mandatory, but only players that sign up here to tournament will have reserved slots and points.- Logged in players will also get bonus points for playing.- Minimal population to receive points: 2500 (33 % of the goal)Registering will be closed at May 1st, 15:00.The above settings may be subject to change.Meanwhile, all can practice on our #TRAINING SERVER#. Enjoy the games-BTPro.nl- #XX ..:: TRAINING SERVER ::.._______Well, the horses get tired really quick so, some adjustments:- Added Iron Horse newgrf: 50 trains available;- Modified Station spread to 5 tile(s);- Goal set to 7500 inhabitants;- Adjustment on Town demands; orlinoss, tomb, DumbBuilder The following user(s) said Thank You: Frank
ST2
Topic Author
Offline
BTPro Administrator
Posts: 1177
Thank you received: 561
Gwyneth Paltrow has been named the world's most beautiful woman for 2013 in People's annual list of, well, beautiful famous ladies.
"When I first heard that I was going to be on the cover of People's most beautiful issue, I honestly thought someone was playing a joke on me and I had to reread the email three times," the 40-year-old said in a behind-the-scenes video about the photo shoot. "I was like, 'This can't be true.'"
Also included on the list: Kerry Washington, Amanda Seyfried, Jane Fonda, Jennifer Lawrence, Kelly Rowland, Halle Berry, Drew Barrymore, Pink and Zooey Deschanel, to name a few. It's kind of cute, we think, because Deschanel's "New Girl" is Paltrow's current favorite TV show. Birds of a feather?
PHOTOS: 50 most beautiful women
Last year's honor went to Paltrow pal Beyonce, who said at the time, "I feel more beautiful than I've ever felt because I've given birth."
Home » Drone News » The Government of Nepal Imposes Harsh Regulations on Drones Drone News The Government of Nepal Imposes Harsh Regulations on Drones 124 Views
A very controversial event has just taken place in Nepal, the country that was recently shaken by a massive earthquake killing thousands of people. The latest reports indicate that the Government of Nepal has banned drones following the earthquake that hit in late April.
Photograph: Olivia Harris/Reuters
This has serious implications for the drone market, as operators who would like to fly quadcopters in the country are now obliged by law to ask for permission from the country's Civil Aviation Authority (CAAN), in order to be legally allowed to fly a drone. The Nepalese tourism ministry has stated that this regulation has been imposed after a number of complaints have been received from the country's citizens, saying they disagree with the use of drones to collect news and pictures.
Drones Are Essential in Rescue Efforts
However, what the government and the people who filed This complains failed to see, is that the use of unmanned aerial vehicles during a disastrous event (like an earthquake) is essential in rescue efforts. With this in mind, British NGOs have used drones to assess the extent of the damage that was caused by the earthquake, but also to aid a variety of search-and-rescue operations that have been going on around the area most affected by the Nepal earthquake. The fact that drones proved to be essential in saving tons of lives after the earthquake at Nepal, proves that drones can serve many other purposes than just flying around and invading people's privacy, as some citizens believe. Without the use of drones, chances are that the number of victims from the earthquake would've been much higher.
Reports also indicate that the Government of Nepal is worried about the footage that contains images of historic artifacts that could later be misused. What I, and many other people wonder, is how exactly can the picture of a historical artifact be misused? Together with this, does the privacy of one person matter more than the lives of hundreds, in the case of natural disasters, bombings and other violent events? Most of us tend to think that it does not, and this represents the idea that government should keep in mind, before imposing such drone bans in the future.
The Drone Community is Outraged Over New Quadcopter Regulations
The drone community is currently outraged, after the new drone regulations have been imposed. The fact that a larger number of countries are currently imposing drone regulations is discouraging the market, mostly due to the fact that most of these are uncalled for. While laws stating that drones shouldn't fly too close to buildings or other people are totally understandable. But overall, flying a quadcopter shouldn't be considered such a big deal, and the regulations imposed should be more lenient.
What do you personally think about the drone regulations by the Government of Nepal? Should people be forced to ask for permission before flying a drone? Do you think that the actions of the Nepalese government in this case are uncalled for? Let us know your thoughts!
The political logic of “concentrated benefits and diffuse costs” has been with us since day one of democracy. But it was only recently explained effectively by great economists like the Nobel Prize-winning James Buchanan and Mancur Olson.
It works like this: A special interest group such as the sugar lobby wants money in the form of subsidies, tax breaks, scientific study funding, or anything else of value to them. Let's say the package they want is worth $100 million. The benefit is concentrated with that company or industry doing the lobbying at $100 million.
How much will this cost the American taxpayer? $100 million is the partially right answer. Of course, as individuals we react to the impact of this corruption not as a $100 million tax, but rather as a 32-cent tax ($100 million divided by 310 million Americans). The costs are diffused over every taxpayer, lessening its impact and making it more politically palatable to any individual voter.
Are you willing to protest for $0.32? Will you hit the barricades for $0.32? Will you use your precious income-earning time to get back that $0.32? They've already won, because almost no one is willing to lose time or sleep over this—if they even know any individual instance is occurring.
And so the “logic” of Public Choice problems is for spending to increase—seemingly forever—on pet projects and special interests until a crisis is reached and the system has to be reset.
But something interesting happens when you start talking about diffuse systems like the Internet and bitcoin—something that hasn't yet been fully examined. This Public-Choice logic gets turned on its head. The systems not only survive, but thrive. Let's look at bitcoin as an example.
The government sees bitcoin as a threat to its monopoly on money and the power to create federal reserve notes whenever it wants. The federal government jealously guards this power because it allows the government to pay for anything it desires while passing on the true costs of the money printing to the citizenry through inflation. Increased spending (concentrated benefits) and diffuse costs (inflation, which lowers the value of savings) are hallmarks of the current federal monopoly on money.
But as the feds fight against bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, they will find the tables turned: The beneficiaries of these diffuse systems are legion, and spread far and wide. But the costs of fighting technological advancement and increased monetary freedom are laid squarely at the feet of the government. Investigations, new laws, prosecutions, and new snooping technologies all cost significant time and resources. And the government has just begun to go after cryptocurrencies.
The closure of the first Silk Road site and the arrest of BitInstant CEO Charlie Shrem are just the beginning. Meanwhile, the benefits of a robust, changing and growing cryptocurrency community and ecosystem are constantly spreading to more and more people. The government can stop places like Silk Road and others, but more will pop up, considering the relatively low setup costs and the value throughout a large user community.
The Internet as a whole functions in the same way. Attempts to constrain it, like the Stop Online Piracy Act, incur huge costs for the lawmakers who attempt to get them passed. Meanwhile, technology has developed to the point where even if the government were able to constrain or suppress the Internet, other networks outside of the government's control could easily pop up. The darknet already exists, is being actively used by individuals interested in privacy, and could be expanded to address outside infringement of the regular Web.
This is a development that turns the very logic of political action on its head. Thanks to technology and the distributed nature of networks, we are no longer beholden to the political process, majoritarian rule, and the so-called “fair” tax and fiat money regime. The more of the economy we move to the Internet, the safer we will be and the more distributed power becomes.
Government plans to set up nuclear power plants in North India, including one each in Uttarakhand and Punjab, the Lok Sabha was informed on Wednesday.
Advertising
Minister of State in Prime Minister's Office Jitendra Singh said there are plans to set up nuclear plants in Uttarakhand, Punjab, Haryana and Uttar Pradesh, observing that the plants in north India have not been very visible so far.
[related-post]
Responding to supplementaries on the leak in unit one of Kakrapar atomic power station, they said the plant is under regular shut-down. But the shut-down is likely to get prolonged due to the leak.
Nuclear and atomic plants are shut down on a regular basis for maintenance.
Reiterating that the leak was an “incident” and not an “accident”, the Minister said as per a scale of one to seven, the leak has been placed at ‘one' on the international nuclear event scale.
“The investigation to identify the leak has been taken up by Nuclear Power Corporation Ltd and Atomic Energy Regulatory Board. As per the prevailing practice, the lessons and recommendations that would emerge from the investigation would be suitably incorporated,” they said in their written response.
WATCH INDIAN EXPRESS VIDEOS HERE
BRADFORD, Pa. (KDKA) – Is it an optical illusion or a rare sighting of the legendary Bigfoot?
Either way, several recent articles, and this picture is causing a big stir in Pennsylvania.
A hiker claims to have photographed the mythical beast in the woods of Kinzua State Park.
The pictures and story are already getting world-wide attention.
Hiker John Stoneman says they were returning from the Kinzua Bridge Festival with their girlfriend when they saw the shape moving in the forest.
They say they quickly grabbed their camera, and took pictures as they slowed the car along the road.
“I said to my girlfriend you're not gonna believe the attention I'm gonna get with these shots,” they said.
The Bradford, Pa., man claims they already have several organizations calling and asking to verify the pictures.
Even more, they say there was a “Bigfoot Calling Contest” during the festival the day before they spotted the creature.
Was the ape-like thing attracted by the calls?
Stoneman told KDKA-TV's Ralph Iannotti that they have no idea.
“I'm not trying to fake anything; I'm 100 percent truthful,” they said. “I'm not saying they absolutely are Bigfoot, I'm saying I took pictures of dark objects in the woods that I didn't know what they were.”
In a telephone interview, Stoneman said, “I'm still a skeptic, but I did see something.”
RELATED LINKS:
More “Bigfoot” News
More Reports by Ralph Iannotti
Join The Conversation On Our Facebook Page
Follow Us On Twitter
The crossover athlete is not specific to rugby - or rugby sevens, for that matter.
Michael Jordan tried their hand at professional baseball during their first retirement stint from the National Basketball Association, though they never made it to the Majors.
Heisman Trophy-winner and two-time National Football League Pro Bowler Herschel Walker is in possession of a 2-0 mixed martial arts record with two technical knockouts.
Recently-retired ice hockey player Chris Drury won the 1989 Little League World Series before winning silver medals at the Salt Lake City 2002 and Vancouver 2010 Olympic Winter Games and a National Hockey League Stanley Cup Championship with the Colorado Avalanche.
In rugby, Carlin Isles is perhaps the biggest crossover athlete name. Of course, now it comes with the title of "Fastest Man in World Rugby." Isles' track pursuits ended after missing out on the London 2012 Games and the Men's Eagles Sevens have been the better for it: Isles has scored a total of 28 tries in just 14 events on the IRB HSBC Sevens World Series circuit.
Isles followed in the footsteps of Miles Craigwell, who is now in consideration for both Men's Eagles Sevens and Men's Eagles tours after playing American football at Brown University and for a time with the NFL's Miami Dolphins.
Most recently, Green Bay Packers all-time leading rusher Ahman Green stated their interest in pursuing rugby and traveled to the Olympic Training Center in Chula Vista, Calif., for a camp with the Eagles.
"My initial goal was to be on the team," Green said. "I had talked to [former Men's Eagles Sevens Head Coach] Al Caravelli in 2009 and we corresponded through cell phone and email. Then we lost contact. After I lost contact with Caravelli I didn't have any other coaches I could contact so I just kept working out.
@USARugby Yo Coach! This is Ahman! Can we talk soon? — Ahman Green (@AhmanGreen30) October 1, 2013
"It came later than sooner. A few years passed, [USA Rugby President of Rugby Operations] Nigel [Melville] contacted me and finally got the ball rolling."
"When you actually get out there and have a go it's totally different," Melville said of Green's try-out. "You have to be incredibly fit, you have to run for a long period of time, you have to have great skills. [Ahman's] probably always played attack, but in rugby you're playing defense, as well."
Green's journey to the rugby pitch did not end with the two-day camp at the OTC. In January, they served as the Eagles' team liaison during USA Sevens in Las Vegas, where they were able to witness some of the best sevens teams in the world play the newest Olympic sport.
"I had only seen practice but now, seeing the live game action all day, was a lot," they said. "It actually filled in a lot of gaps for me from a fan standpoint; understanding the game, the tackling, the tries, the concept and the methods to playing good defense and having a good offense."
Green was not the only non-rugby player looking for a chance to get to the Olympics. Some of the newest athletes in Residency at the OTC are crossover athletes.
Jessica Javelet, who played field hockey at the University of Louisville before joining Ric Suggitt's Women's Eagles Sevens, scored seven tries in six matches at Atlanta 7s. Suggitt also brought ice hockey player Alev Kelter and Olympic bobsledder Elana Meyers to the OTC following their trip to São Paulo.
"The Olympics is always a draw," Melville said. "You hear about sprinters who decide to push a bobsled. Some sports lead to it. In the U.K., they get people off the street just because they're tall and aerobic and they go rowing. It's a very easy crossover sport. Rugby is a more complex crossover sport. It's not quite as easy as people think."
Though they were not given the opportunity to represent the Eagles on the circuit, Green is staying in rugby to help attract some new athletes.
"When I saw the announcement that rugby was going to be in the Olympics, I said, 'That's the closest thing that we as American football players will have to play football [in the Olympics],'" Green said. "I know how we look at football as Americans. We're great at it. We would dominate if they would ever allow football in the Olympics.
"[Rugby] is the next best thing, and the next common sense thing to being allowed. If we have the players, we have the coaches. We kind of have time on our side to get myself and maybe some other athletes that are in my position ready."
Former San Diego Chargers and Buffalo Bills linebacker Shawne Merriman, who retired from the NFL in 2013, said they would "love to participate in the Olympics" playing rugby.
I would love to participate in the Olympics with the Rugby team — Shawne Merriman (@shawnemerriman) February 19, 2014
Current Cincinnati Bengal Andrew Hawkins also jumped on the rugby sevens bandwagon during the Twitter public's discussion of Merriman's tweet.
can I? RT @USASevensRugby: Come on over to #Rugby Shawne! RT @shawnemerriman: I would love to participate in the Olympics w/ the Rugby team — Andrew Hawkins (@Hawk) February 20, 2014
American football players are some of the most in-shape athletes on the planet. Isles are quoted as saying rugby 15s players were "way, way bigger than the guys who play on sevens. I've seen some of those guys on TV and some of them are straight animals - some of them are as big as in the NFL . . ."
At 37 years old (36 at the time of their tryout at the Olympic Training Center), Green is still a model of the NFL regimen.
Merriman, 29, is also staying in shape despite having retired from the gridiron game, and could prove to be an asset for the Men's Eagles Sevens. Though the switch from American football to rugby is not the easiest - nor is it the toughest - Melville thinks an athlete of Merriman's caliber could add to any rugby team.
"It's a new challenge for them and they're great athletes," Melville said of potential NFL crossovers. "There's no doubt about their athleticism, just that they've been built in different ways. They haven't been built like rugby players - they've been built for football."
In 2013, Melville attempted to entice Tim Tebow to make the switch to rugby.
One door closes, an Olympic Rugby door opens for @TimTebow - we should talk about our global game! @USARugby — Nigel Melville (@NigelMelville) August 31, 2013
Following their release from the New England Patriots, Tebow found themselves without a job. Their representatives declined the offer from USA Rugby, though thousands of fans on social media tried to persuade the former Florida Gator to pick up a rugby ball.
Should they decide to take up rugby, Green thinks a future in the NFL would not be out of the question for the young quarterback.
"We want interest at least," Green said. "Is they interested in keeping their athleticism up for the NFL or is they looking to get a gold medal? If you're on a national rugby team and you end up with the gold, silver or bronze, trust me: an NFL team's going to show some interest. Any NFL coach or scout that knows rugby or understands rugby like I know it, they'll respect that."
Others criticized USA Rugby for targeting an NFL player when thousands of young men playing the game at the collegiate and club level have put in the time to warrant a look at the national team.
While the United States has plenty of talented rugby players of age, those younger players who go on to the NFL, NBA and NHL should also be included in the talent pool.
Green saw firsthand the abilities on display by the Boys High School All-Americans, sponsored by Aircraft Charter Solutions, at the Las Vegas Invitational during USA Sevens. Head Coach Salty Thompson fielded two HSAA teams. The first team won the competition, while the second team took home the Plate.
The HSAAs have had similar success in recent travels around the world, including a competitive series against the Argentina national team and the best American result at Rosslyn Park Sevens last March.
"The High School sevens team was very good," Green said. "So taking the kids coming up on that scene and guys who are in my age span just ready to go and help out in any way we can, we have a legit chance."
Age grade coaches are worried their best prospects will be snagged by the allure of a professional contract in another sport. Thretton Palamo, who was the youngest player ever to represent their country at the IRB Rugby World Cup, stopped playing rugby to focus on American football at the University of Utah. Earlier this year, however, Palamo finished their football career for the Utes and was offered a Residency contract at the OTC.
Nate Ebner was a member of the AIG Men's Junior All-Americans at the IRB Junior World Championship in 2008, but quit club rugby at Ohio State to join the Buckeyes' football team. The New England Patriots drafted them in 2012.
Haloti Ngata was a standout rugby player in Utah prior to theirs signing a contract with the Baltimore Ravens, and who can forget Hayden Smith leaving Aviva Premiership's Saracens for the New York Jets?
"[Ebner] crossed the other way," Melville said. "So football doesn't need our players? They've been trying to get Carlin to go."
"You be honest," Green said of persuading young ruggers to stay with the 80-minute game. "Don't hide anything about it. That's how I learned when I was recruited in high school for football. The recruiter that came to town that was honest with me about what I was getting into? I decided to go to that school. Just shoot straight. That's how you convince a player, because then they're making up their own mind.
"They'll realize what they've already experienced through rugby - the travelling they get to have, first-hand, real life situations. You travel the world. You're in places most people don't get a lifetime to go to. But at 16, 17, 18, you're there meeting people, talking to people, learning how to socialize with people from another country. That in itself is a great experience. It gives the kids an opportunity to grow as a person and a human being."
American football and rugby are closer than some realize, and Green believes both sports could benefit from collaboration.
Hear Ahman Green discuss the opportunity for NFL players to train with rugby players in the offseason:
The Men's Eagles Sevens are currently in 14th in the 2013-14 IRB HSBC Sevens World Series standings after five of the nine tournament stops. They finished the 2012-13 Series in 11th to remain a core team, but their performances will have to improve if they hope to qualify for the Rio 2016 Games.
The IRB announced the qualification process for the Olympics, and a top-four finish on the Series next year will clinch it. A regional qualification tournament would be the next chance to qualify, then finally the repechage.
Former Eagles Sevens included current Eagles 15s players Todd Clever, Takudzwa Ngwenya and Chris Wyles, as well as former players Paul Emerick and Kevin Swiryn. Some of the current crop of Eagles will surely be looking for an opportunity to medal at the Olympic Games, but should NFL players not also have the same chance?
The United States possesses some of the world's greatest athletes. Should a few more starts passing the ball backwards, America could very well turn into the next "rugby superpower."
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
— More than half of Raleigh's cab drivers are planning to go on strike New Year's Eve in protest of what they say is unfair competition from ride-sharing services such as Uber.
Iyman Massoud, a cab driver who says they represent a group of about 650 local taxi drivers, says they are protesting that Uber drivers are not subject to the same licensing, registration and insurance fees as taxi cab drivers. This allows Uber drivers to charge less, creating what Massoud says is unfair competition.
Raleigh has about 1,200 taxi cabs, but Massoud said many drivers have left for other cities due to Uber. Massoud added that their group has asked Raleigh officials to regulate Uber drivers, but city leaders did not take up the issue after they were presented with a petition from cab drivers during an August City Council meeting.
"People are just suffering," said Elmutaz Adloa, a cab driver. "They cannot make a living out of this industry."
The taxi app, which allows people to use their personal vehicles to make extra money as taxi drivers or request a ride through their smartphone, has been met with ire from traditional taxi drivers around the world. Licensed taxi drivers often must have liability insurance, a commercial license and complete background checks and physicals before picking up passengers.
Some consumers see options like Uber as a good thing.
"It seems to make sense to use the cheaper option because, why wouldn't you," said Katie Brummer.
Uber driver Betty Jean Smith said they and other drivers for the service undergo background checks, have the insurance required by the state – as well as Uber coverage when driving for the company – and must maintain their vehicles to standards set by the firm.
"Each customer rates us. If we don't keep a certain rating, we are no longer allowed to drive for Uber. I have heard of a number of rude cab drivers, and it doesn't affect whether they can drive or not," Smith said in an email to WRAL News.
"This country is based on competition, and I think that the cabbies don't like the completion and they have not done anything about improving their customer service. So, people are calling Uber," they said.
While ride-sharing companies usually charge less than taxis, Uber came under fire in the Triangle for a price surge on Halloween, including charging one man more than $400 for a 15-mile trip from Durham to Chapel Hill.
Massoud said they believe Uber riders will experience similar price surges for New Year's Eve.
Uber, which started in San Francisco four years ago, describes the practice as "dynamic pricing," which they say is based on supply and demand.
"Surge pricing solves for the perennial challenge of never being able to get a ride on New Year's Eve, after a major sporting event or during bad weather," the company said. "Because Uber doesn't employ drivers, every driver has a choice of how they or they spend his/her time. Surge pricing helps bring demand and supply into line, when necessary, by incentivizing more drivers to come onto the platform. Once demand falls or supply increases sufficiently, prices quickly go back to normal."
Riders are notified of surge pricing and must approve it before requesting a ride, said the company, which is expected to transport more than 1 million people across the globe on New Years Eve.
Uber has been the subject of protests in other countries, including cabbies in London bringing traffic to a standstill in June. Similar demonstrations have been held in Washington, D.C., San Francisco, Boston and Paris, where taxi drivers took part in a “go slow or escargot” protest earlier this month. Uber will be banned in France starting next year.
The service has had additional troubles, from legal challenges in California to being suspended in Spain for unfair competition and banned in New Delhi after one of its drivers was accused of rape. A Dutch court ruled Uber violated taxi laws, and the company must stop working with drivers who charge fares but do not possess a taxi license.
In the Triangle, more than 100 citations were handed out to Uber drivers at Raleigh-Durham International Airport earlier this year for not complying with the airport's permit regulations. The airport has since allowed some Uber drivers to pick up passengers.
On the airport's “Cruising Altitude” blog, airport President Michael Landguth said the agency sent a letter to state Attorney General Roy Cooper regarding a state law that says “vehicles transporting persons for compensation” must be registered as commercial “for hire passenger vehicles.”
“The Attorney General's answer to this question will help the Airport Authority, Uber, Lyft and their drivers resolve this issue,” Landguth wrote.
Lawmakers plan to take up the issue of ride-sharing companies such as Uber in the upcoming legislative session.
Uber has drivers in 10 North Carolina cities. Worldwide, the company is in 260 cities in 55 countries.
A Quick Note on Rape as a Plot Device and the 'Sympathetic Rapist'
By Rebecca Pahle | Think Pieces | April 29, 2016 |
This weekend, a movie named Sunset Song hits theatres. Based on a 1932 novel about a young woman coming of age in early 20th century Scotland, it's directed by Terence Davies, whose other work (British period drama The House of Mirth is their best known) isn't the sort of stuff that usually inspires #hottakes. And gorgeously shot with a subtle, nuanced star turn from Agyness Deyn, Sunset Song is a very good film… until about 3/4 of the way through.
Writers and directors. We need to talk about you trying to make me feel bad for characters who commit rape.
Major spoilers for Sunset Song follow.
So, some context. Chris (Deyn) grew up with a nightmare of a father who physically and emotionally abuses their children and rapes their wife, because what's they about not wanting to constantly be pregnant, anyway? Doesn't they know that every sperm is sacred? Eventually, Chris' father dies, and Chris marries Ewan (Kevin Guthrie), a sweet, even-tempered man who worships the ground they walk on. Seriously, look at this dude. He's a muffin.
…until they ship off to World War I, which psychologically scars them to the point that when they come back for a short leave he's suddenly turned into Chris' father's mini-me. They scream at their wife and child, accuses Chris of infidelity, and violently rapes them on the floor next to their bed as they struggle and begs them to blow out the light. 15 or 20 minutes later, we learn that Ewan was executed for attempted desertion. In an emotional scene right before he's shot by a firing squad, they tearfully tell a friend that the reason they tried to run is that they love Chris so much; we, the audience, are meant to understand that the horrors of war have not entirely stripped away their humanity.
And sure, maybe they haven't.
One question, though.
How are you going to try to make me feel sorry about this guy dying when we just saw them rape their wife like four scenes ago? When that happens, audiences can see Chris' long future at the mercy of an abusive tyrant looming ahead of them It's the same fate we saw take their mother, whose unwanted pregnancy and unending misery at the hands of their husband caused them to commit suicide. It's the same fate Chris escaped once when their father died. And I'm supposed to be sad that they avoided getting right back into that situation?
Chris—clutching the suit their husband wore at their wedding and sobbing about how they understand him—may not be happy for herself, but girl, I am happy for you.
The scene doesn't work in the movie, being as it is far too abrupt. (Yeah, I know fighting in WWI was an enormously traumatic experience that left the soldiers who survived with lifelong psychological effects. But we don't see anything Ewan's gone through, so it's tougher to relate to him. All we see is them storming into their house and abusing their wife.) More than that, it erases all ability (for me, anyway) to give a single shit about what happens to Ewan from that point forward. But it's not just about Sunset Song. Movies need to stop having characters rape people and then trying to make viewers feel sympathetic when bad things happen to them later.
Vikings, an otherwise great show (back when I watched it), did this. Rollo (Clive Standen), the main character's black sheep brother, is shown violently raping a woman in the first few episodes. It's one of the first things we see them do, a way to establish that he's not a good guy. (No other way to do that, of course.) Later on, they get a redemption arc, and the fact that he's a rapist is completely forgotten. (Though presumably not by their victim, who is never seen nor heard from again.)
(By the by, I don't want to hear “but historical accuracy!” arguments about Vikings. Literal fucking gods show up in Vikings. A character can tell the future. Similarly, “but it happened in the book!” doesn't matter for Sunset Song. Screenwriters can change things, ya know?)
You have some sibling rivalry, Loki-type insecurity issues about your brother, Rollo? Aw, that's great. I don't care.
Another example: The Gift, which (spoiler) had as the twist ending “the antagonist (Joel Egerton) may or may not have gotten back at the protagonist (Jason Bateman) for bullying them in high school and generally being a horrible person by raping the protagonist's wife (Rebecca Hall).”
As the credits roll, the movie asks us to ponder whether Edgerton's character was really all that much worse than Bateman? I'd have said no, until Egerton's character drugged a woman and made a whole big thing about how did they rape her? Did they not? It's a mystery!
Of course, we never see Rebecca Hall's reaction to the fact that they may have been sexually assaulted. They never even finds out. There's little attention paid to the emotional/psychological trauma resulting from Chris' attack, either; we jump from them being raped to their husband dying fairly quickly. This sort of thing is par for the course with movies and TV; for an example of a film that treats the post-rape recovery process with the respect and sensitivity it deserves, check out Ida Lupino's Outrage. That particular subject is a whole different post, if one mostly filled with screaming rage gifs.
Basically, sexual assault affects the victim long past the event itself, and it affects the perpetrator, too, albeit in a different way. Namely: If a fictional character (…or a real person, too) rapes someone, that character is a horrible person.
A shitbean.
A tool.
A whiskeydick pencilfucker.
And you, the writer, should not ask me to feel ~*~*~baaaad~*~*~ for them because of their ~*~*~drama~*~*~ later on. Because it's a shitty thing to do, and because I won't be able to do it anyway. I'm guessing that most audience members of the female persuasion won't be able to, or at least won't be able to without some heavy-duty compartmentalization. Your movie and I will come to a fork in the road, with the movie going down the path of “he made some mistakes, but ultimately don't we all? He's a good guy,” and me continuing down No, Fuck You Road.
Rebecca made it through an entire post about sexual assault in popular culture without mentioning Game of Thrones ONCE. Also, they apologize for calling this “a quick note.” It isn't, really. You can follow them on Twitter.
← 'Keanu' Review: That Kitten is Adorable!
'Mother's Day' Review: A Complete Waste of Perfectly Good White People →
Procession of Muhammad Asfour, Aboud, Palestine March 8, 2013 (photo: Anne Paq/Activestills)
Palestinians from all over the West Bank poured into the village of Aboud yesterday to walk in the funeral procession for Muhammad Asfour. Asfour would have turned 23 today; they were a college student shot at the entrance to their home village of Aboud, protesting against the inhumane Israeli policies of arresting and imprisoning Palestinians from all walks of life. Just last week 60 Palestinian civilians were arrested by Israel, including 12 children.
In the coverage of their death, AP offers this hasbara claim: “The Israeli military says rubber bullets are meant to be ‘non-lethal' means of dispersing protests.” But it wasn't a rubber bullet that cracked the skull of Muhammad Asfour, causing brain hemorrhages for two weeks until they died. It was a rubber coated steel bullet.
The use of live ammunition on Palestinian protestors is on the rise. On January 31st, United Nations Humanitarian Coordinator James W. Rawley expressed ‘serious concern' about the increase in civilian deaths in the West Bank from the use of live ammunition, after eight Palestinian civilians, including three minors, were killed by Israeli forces over the previous 2-1/2 months. They said “Individuals found responsible must be held accountable,” but there will be no accountability. There's never any accountability; instead the deaths keep stacking up.
Israel is targeting Palestinian youth for daring to protest the inhumane policies of administrative detention, daring to protest the incarceration of husbands, fathers, mothers …. and their children. Some taken from houses at night, interrogated and abused, locked away for months or sometimes years.
Residents of Nabi Saleh, instead of protesting the theft of their land, springs and water (weekly protest every Friday), went to the nearby village of Aboud to join the funeral procession of Muhammad Asfour instead.
Popular resistance leader Bassam Tamimi says the Israel government has become “more terrorist now” in an effort to force Palestinians to abandon “this way of resistance,” meaning non violence: “they want to force us in the corner to go to the hard resistance.”
Muhammad Asfour, in solidarity with Palestinians Hunger Strikers, gave their lives protesting these inhumane Israeli policies of incarcerations. And as for all the urgent appeals, expressions of “concern” and calls for accountability, and UN accusations of systematic abuse that violates international law: When is someone going to do something? What options do Palestinians have going against an occupation authority backed by the global superpower? Is the world going to stand by for another decade of Israel treating Palestinians as expendable rats in a human laboratory as they steal more and more of Palestinian territory?
The sister of Muhammad Asfour (L) holds a photograph of their brother at their funeral procession Photo by: Oren Ziv/Activestills.org
Anne Paq's Chroniques de Palestine- Popular resistance and human rights:
The same day of their funeral; two other Palestinians were critically shot in Hebron and North of Gaza.
Funeral Procession of Muhammad Asfour in Abud, Palestine March 8,2013(AnnePaq/Activestills)
After the procession more clashes broke out with Israeli soldiers.
Oklahoma head coach Bob Stoops caused a bit of a stir recently with their criticism of the depth of the SEC, challenging the popular opinion that it is the best league in college football. Stoops pointed to a lack of parity in the SEC, noting that the bottom portion of the conference didn't fare so well in league play last season.
"Again, you can look at the top two, three, four, five, six teams, and you can look at the bottom six, seven, eight, whatever they are. How well are they all doing?" Stoops told the Tulsa World. (Bob Stoops apparently has no idea how many teams are in the SEC at this point, which is understandable given all the recent conference reshuffling.)
The SEC's bottom eight finished 2012 0-30 against the league's top six teams, and Kansas head coach Charlie Weis believes that's evidence enough that Stoops has a point:
"I'm just sayin', you look at the bottom of our league and the bottom of their league, just going based off the numbers, there's validity in what they said," Weis said. "I'm just going based off the numbers, I mean, I'm a numbers guy. Just based off the numbers, you'd have to say he's got a point."
That statement is disingenuous, though. While it's true that the SEC's "bad guys," as Weis terms them, fared terribly against the upper echelon of the league, the raw win-loss totals cannot be interpreted without also considering league context. The SEC is home to talent-rich football machines to a depth and breadth that most conferences can only dream about, which means the futility of the league's second- and third-tier teams isn't necessarily an indictment of the overall strength of the conference.
How well would those bottom eight have fared in the Big 12 last season? I'm gonna go ahead and guess they'd have managed more than zero conference wins between them.
More from SB Nation:
Follow @SBNationCFB Follow @SBNRecruiting
• When the SEC's seven-year streak could've ended
• EDSBS: Get yourself a field like Wyoming's
• Nick Saban doesn't have time for Bob Stoops' s---
• Be careful with the USA Today college sports revenue database
• National recruiting coverage
• Today's college football news headlines
Via E! Online, which seems to find this darling, and Mediaite, a tribute to the empowerment that can only come from having a six-year-old use the word “motherf***er” repeatedly. All but the most hardcore feminist parents who watch will wince (or worse), and even the hardcore ones will gurgle out a few supportive words only because The Cause requires them to. In that sense, this is the most counterproductive PSA since that British climate change spot from a few years ago that showed little kids exploding, a lesson to those who worry that liberals too often seem to want kids to grow up too fast that, yep, they should worry. But parents aren't the target audience, right? The target audience, I assume, are teens and twentysomethings who'll see this, squeal at the transgressive Outrageous Outrageousness of it, and send it around on Facebook with “OMG so funnee” comments. To the niche it's aimed at, I bet this is effective. If you claim the feminist label less than a considered ideology than for the posture of rebelliousness it affords against the sinister, Cthulhu-like patriarchy, this should be right up your alley. They might as well have gone the whole nine yards and made one of the little ones have a mock abortion, swinging the doll-fetus around by the umbilical cord for extra sassiness.
I missed the Annie Lennox comments on twerking as, ahem, feminism yesterday but Ace had a nice post on it last night. Be grateful that they spared us that type of “empowerment” in this clip. Here's your content warning, although you don't really need it: Not one of you will make it more than 20 seconds through the clip. It's that shrill.
In what is sure to help Republicans with Latino outreach, news broke yesterday that leading GOP candidate Donald Trump received some glowing reviews from two of the Latino world's most despised figures, former Gov. Jan Brewer, and Sheriff Joe Arpaio.
“I believe that Mr. Trump is kind of telling it like it really, truly is,” Brewer told CNN's Don Lemon last night. “You know, being the Governor, the gateway of illegal immigration for six years, we had to deal with a lot of things.”
“I think everybody knows that he's right in regards to that — the coming across our border. So, we don't even know how many [immigrants] are here.”
Of course, we know it's a fact that unauthorized crossings from the southern border are at historic lows, but Brewer — who once falsely claimed there were a rash of beheadings in the Arizona desert — has never been great with facts.
And in keeping with the Arizona theme, Trump is also heading to the state this weekend to talk immigration with Joe Arpaio himself, who, according to the Arizona Republic, is close to getting hauled “back into federal court next month on charges of civil rights violations” by the Department of Justice.
“I'm going to Arizona this weekend where they want to talk to me,” Trump said. “Somebody said I'm the most popular person in Arizona because of my stance, and I'm going to be there this weekend.”
Meanwhile, Arpaio said it was “amusing” to see the heated response Trump has received from the worldwide Latino community for their bigoted remarks about Mexicans.
Trump has a “right to voice their opinion,” said Arpaio. “And I presume they are not going to back down. I would imagine they are going to continue to voice their opinion.”
The news about Trump's upcoming rally with Arpaio is sure to continue headaches for the Republican Party. News also broke yesterday that RNC Chair Reince Priebus was forced to place a call to Trump to ask them to tone down their rhetoric, after donors, worried about the future of the party among Latino voters, expressed concern to Priebus.
But, Trump being Trump, confirmed the call occurred but denied he'd been chastised.
“Totally false reporting on my call with @Reince Priebus,” tweeted the Donald. “He called me, ten minutes, said I hit a ‘nerve', doing well, end!”
This weekend in Arizona should be fun.
This is an essential assumption of Bayes's Calculus. If you doubt that this is common, then just take a cursory look at the mathematical community here, here, here, and here. And here and here. Do you know what this means? It means that Calculus, like probability (see my deconstruction of probability), is false. The argument goes something like this:
0.333… is 1/3, right? Well 1/3×3=1. But surely 0.333…x3=0.999…! Therefore, by one or another form of the transitive property, 0.999…=1!
In addition to being a near-blasphemous usage of the transitive property, it is just plain false. Think about it in the following manner. 0.1 is necessarily greater than 0.0X, where ‘X' is any countable number. 0.1 is also necessarily greater than 0.0XX. And so on. No matter how many X's you add to the series, it will never equal or be greater to 0.1. Therefore, by mathematical induction a la carte, no amount of repetition of 0.0XXX…. could ever equal 0.1, which is what is necessary to add to 0.9 in order to equal 1. Importantly, (0.9 x / x<0.1)≠1 Λ (0.9 x / x<0.1)<1. Therefore Calculus is false. A house built on sand cannot divide itself.
Notice that all I needed to disprove this foundation of calculus was mathematical induction.
Advice to all my readers: Don't let “math wizards” intimidate you with technobabble. And note that I am not alone.
Advertisements
THE #Tories4Corbyn campaign has greeted its candidate's victory by vowing to back them all the way to the general election.
Rebranded as #Tories4Corbyn4EVA, the right-wingers who joined Labour in order to vote Corbyn into power have agreed that the joke hasn't even begun to stop being funny yet.
Spectator columnist Tom Booker said: “I giggled myself silly when Corbyn got elected, but this is real-world satire and the true hilarity is still to come.
“I've persuaded several billionaire friends to make enormous donations to Labour, just for the yuks, and for the next five years every one of my columns will fervently back the bearded one, all done completely deadpan and never letting the mask slip.
“Come the election I, and millions of other well-dressed professional canvassers, will be out knocking on doors pushing the Corbyn message to suburban families who wouldn't give their usual fleece-clad scruffs the time of day.
“Their votes, combined with our own, will turn the blue heartlands red and deliver an absolutely side-splitting landslide majority enabling Corbyn to act on every element of their radical agenda.
“Then we sit back and enjoy the self-satisfied belly-laughs.”
NBC caught a man outside the NH town hall with a gun strapped to their leg. It appears to be legal as long as it's not concealed in Portsmouth. And get this. He's on private property and if the owner of the property consents then they can carry the cannon on their leg. What's weird about that is the private property is a church. A man of GOD thinks it's swell to let this man carry a loaded weapon on church grounds. What would Jesus think?
Carlos: You're saying a guy has a gun in the open and we already know there are concerns about every president 's safety, but certainly this president...and the guy's just being allowed to stay there, is that right? Allen: The Chief of Police, I just asked them because I was amazed too, but apparently the law allows this man to be here as long as the gun is not concealed, it is registered to them apparently and he's on private property on a church ground...
Do you think anybody would be allowed to be near President Bush who had a huge gun strapped on their leg? I doubt that, but this is the country the right wing wants us to live in. And if Sen. John Thune had their way, it wouldn't matter what NH law said if the state that this man came from did let you walk around with a gun. Unbelievable.
Grimm's Fairy Tales
The exact print source is unknown. The etext appears to be based on the translation by Margaret Hunt called Grimm's Household Tales , but it is not identical to them edition. (Some of the translations are slightly different, the arrangement also differs, and the Grimm's scholarly notes are not included.)
The etext received by the Universal Library did not include story titles. They have been restored in this edition, based on Hunt's titles. (Thanks also to Steve Nickolas for restoring the end of the last tale in this version.)
Note that these tales are presented more or less than the Grimms collected and edited them (and as Hunt saw fit to translate them). Readers of these versions may find more violence and crudity (and occasional anti-Semitism) than in the retellings that are more familiar to most modern readers. For more about the Grimms and their work, see this page at the University of Pittsburgh.
NEW: There is now a more accurate version of the Hunt translation posted by William Barker. We suggest you use those texts instead of these. We may remove this page (or these texts) in the future, in preference to the more accurate Hunt edition.
Ty Segall is no stranger to New Orleans; their show this Saturday marks their third at One Eyed Jacks , and their fourth in the city since 2010. In that time, the blonde-haired, boy-faced 27-year-old has been churning out records, touring constantly, and picking up steam. It's difficult to convey just how prolific they have been since first garnering some attention in 2009, but to give you some idea: he's put out six full-length albums, endless singles and EPs, and a number of collaboration and side project albums that must run into the high twenties. Segall is tireless, both in the studio and on stage, and now audiences have a chance to watch them tour their latest album, Manipulator, which should make for a hell of a live show. He's playing shows across North America and Europe, and their New Orleans show comes in the middle of a run of shows on thirteen consecutive nights.
Segall has jumped between a number of genres over the years; from noisy surf rock to fuzzed out psychedelia, from bluesy rock-and-roll to soft, introspective folky songs, the only thing that has been constant throughout their releases is an all-permeating energy. Manipulator is their most ambitious and polished album to date. It's a seventeen song double album featuring, for the first time, things like full string sections and a cinematic ballad. After a career of putting out albums at an unfathomable speed, they apparently spent fourteen months writing this album, and it shows with the whole thing feeling calculated and precise. Along with the obvious Black Sabbath influence that has been pervasive in their recent releases, the record also has strong Bowie-like glam overtones. This was prominently displayed when they showed up on Conan recently and played Feel , an album standout, while wearing bright lipstick, leather pants, and sparkles on their face. They have even swapped out their signature daphne blue Fender Mustang for a sunburst Les Paul which seems to be a bit of a middle finger to their surf rock roots.
I saw Ty play once. They were booked to a small venue and received a huge surge in popularity in the lead up to the show due to some television appearances and good album reviews. What resulted was a way-over-capacity club that got out of control. The P.A. system was nearly toppled to the floor numerous times from overcrowded moshers, the floor was slick with the sweat of dancers, and one girl suffered a huge gash on their face when Ty accidentally kicked their microphone stand over and it struck them To make up for it, they let them sit on the stage for the rest of the show, and they dedicated songs to them Medical attention probably would have been better, but it was a nice gesture. I doubt I'm doing a good job of making this show seem attractive to you. Ty Segall is a frantic mass of rock and roll attitude, a noisy and virtuosic guitar player, and he'll make you dance. The show starts at nine; Wand and Babes are opening. I'll see you there.
Anti-Terrorism Squad chief Himanshu Roy
Six years after ten Pakistani terrorists sneaked into Mumbai and killed 166 people in 60 hours of mayhem, the chief of Maharashtra's Anti-Terrorism Squad or ATS Himanshu Roy has reassured the city that it is much safer now.He used a popular dialogue from a Bollywood movie to tell Mumbai that is impossible for anyone to hurt it again. "," Mr Roy said.He told NDTV, "We are much safer than we were six years ago in 2008. We have learnt a lot. 26/11 was a first for the world. We are much better prepared and I think citizens should feel that confidence."For one, said the top cop, there are better systems to collect intelligence. "Counterterrorism agencies now meet regularly and share information. Standard operating procedures are also now in place. Now, God forbid, if something happens, everybody knows what their role would be," they said.In the years after the terror attacks, there has been much concern over how ill-equipped the Mumbai police is in the face of such deadly strikes. On the eve of 26/11, the Maharashtra High Court had censured the state government on its outdated weapons policy for the police force, pointing out that police officers still use 303 rifles and muskets which were not used even in World War II.Mr Roy said the force now has much more modern weapons, adequate bulletproof jackets and counterterrorism equipment of the best quality. It is also better trained now, they said."Every constable does not fight terrorism. We have NSG and Force One to fight terrorism. We don't expect the beat constable to fight terrorism. They do not do that anywhere in the world.  They are the first line of defence, but not the ultimate line," the ATS chief said and also pointed out, "I don't think the citizens of Mumbai would want their friendly beat cop to be carrying an AK-47."Among those killed in the terror attack was then ATS chief Hemant Karkare. The other police officers killed were Additional Police Commissioner Ashok Kamte, Anti-Extortion Squad chief Vijay Salaskar and police officer Tukaram Ombale, who caught Ajmal Kasab, the lone Pakistani terrorist captured alive.
In an interview today with Steve Malzberg of Newsmax, former Texas Gov. Rick Perry described the mass shooting at an African American church in Charleston earlier this week as an “accident” that was possibly caused by the over-prescription of medication.
(Update: A Perry campaign aide now says that the former governor misspoke in the interview when they used the word “accident.”)
Perry and Malzberg kicked off the discussion of the shooting by attacking President Obama for mentioning the failure to pass gun reform. Perry, a GOP presidential candidate, said that the president is trying to “take the guns out of the hands of everyone in this country.”
“This is the MO of this administration, any time there is an accident like this — the president is clear, they don't like for Americans to have guns and so they use every opportunity, this being another one, to basically go parrot that message,” Perry said.
Instead of talking about guns, Perry said, we should be talking about prescription drugs: “Also, I think there is a real issue to be talked about. It seems to me, again without having all the details about this, that these individuals have been medicated and there may be a real issue in this country from the standpoint of these drugs and how they're used.”
They said that such drugs are responsible for high suicide and joblessness rates, adding that “there are a lot of issues underlying this that I think we as a country need to have a conversion about rather than just the knee-jerk reaction of saying, ‘If we can just take all the guns away, this won't happen.'”
They added that while the shooting was “a crime of hate,” they didn't know if it should be called a terrorist attack.
Rebels in Sudan's volatile South Kordofan region say they are holding 29 Chinese workers who became caught up in a battle with the Sudanese army.
The rebel Sudan People's Liberation Movement-North (SPLM-N) said the workers are safe and "in good health".
China's foreign ministry confirmed that some of their nationals were missing, but did not specify how many.
South Kordofan is one of three areas hit by conflict since South Sudan became independent from Sudan in July.
Abyei and Blue Nile along with South Kordofan lie along the loosely demarcated border between Sudan and South Sudan.
The Chinese nationals are reported to have been working on road construction projects in the area.
"Yes, we have captured them," Arnu Ngutulu Lodi of the SPLM-N told the AFP news agency. "I want to assure you right now they are in safe hands."
They said they were captured - along with nine Sudanese soldiers - after the SPLM-N attacked and destroyed a Sudanese military convoy in the area.
Sudan's army said the rebels had attacked the compound of a Chinese construction company and captured 70 civilians.
"Most of them are Chinese. They are targeting civilians," army spokesperson Sawarmi Khalid Saad told Reuters news agency.
They said the army had launched an operation to rescue them.
Another iPhone has gone up in flames, and now Apple has launched an investigation. Samsung is already dealing with a large mess surrounding the Galaxy Note 7 as more and more reports of exploding phones pile up. Now Apple seems to be in the same mess (though still with only a few cases), and it is going to probe in-depth to find out the reason.
iPhone 6 Plus explodes in the middle of the night
Samsung's widely-publicized predicament has drawn increased attention to smartphone fires from other vendors as well, as such things can happen to anyone, although not with the frequency we have seen in recent reports about the Note 7. In recent weeks, several iPhones have also exploded, including an iPhone 6 Plus, an iPhone 7, and an iPhone 7 Plus. Though the issue is not comparable to Samsung's troubles, the U.S. firm has started investigating the matter after a second iPhone 6 Plus has caught fire, reports BGR.
Yvette Estrada, who owns an iPhone, says that their iPhone 6 Plus spontaneously exploded in the middle of the night.
Last week, Estrada told ABC30, “I heard a sizzling, then we heard the pop and the whole fire was coming out of the screen.”
According to the report, the explosion began a small fire, and then Estrada's husband acted promptly by throwing the phone into the sink. Estrada stated that they called 911 for assistance after putting water onto the device.
Around 3 a.m., firefighters arrived to discover debris, a melted phone and ash. The iPhone owner told the TV station that the smartphone got so hot that it damaged a pair of glasses, two Apple Watch stands and the dresser. Estrada noted that the situation would have been much worse if it had been underneath their pillow or if they were on the phone.
“Hopefully they can fix this, and they can compensate my new phone or do something for me because they have to do right,” Estrada said.
Apple investigating the cases
Apple is looking into Estrada's explosion and another case involving an iPhone 6 Plus that caught fire last week while in a student's back pocket. The iPhone maker offered Estrada a free replacement of the iPhone 6 Plus, a new stand for the watch and a charger. An upgrade to the iPhone 7 was offered as well, but Estrada would have to pay for it, notes BGR.
Unfortunately Estrada had not been backing up their data, so they will not be able to recover any of their pictures of their children or any of the smartphone's other contents. Meanwhile after reports that the replacement devices issued are now exploding, Samsung has now suspended production of the Galaxy Note 7. The Korean firm has warned customers to “power down and stop using the device.”
Universal Pictures has revealed the first trailer and new character posters for Snow White and the Huntsman, directed by Rupert Sanders and starring Kristen Stewart, Charlize Theron, Chris Hemsworth, Sam Claflin, Ray Winstone, Ian McShane, Eddie Izzard, Bob Hoskins, Toby Jones, Eddie Marsan, Stephen Graham, Ray Winstone, Lily Cole, Sam Spruell, Liberty Ross and Noah Huntley.
In the epic action adventure opening June 1st, Stewart (“The Twilight Saga”) plays the only person in the land fairer than the evil queen (Theron) who is out to destroy them But what the wicked ruler never imagined is that the young woman threatening their reign has been training in the art of war with a huntsman (Hemsworth) who was dispatched to kill them
You can watch the trailer below and the posters can be found underneath. You can click on them for bigger versions! The previously-released images and banner are still available here.
The Commonwealth Government's Northern Australia White Paper aims to attract private investment for major infrastructure, but at least one major northern proponent says there are still too many hurdles for investors to tap in.
Integrated Food and Energy Development (IFED) director David Hassum is working through approvals for a major irrigation project in north Queensland's Gilbert region.
They note that many of the biggest regulatory hurdles occur at a state and territory level, rather than a Commonwealth one.
That leaves "big ticket items" like biosecurity and trade agreements on the Commonwealth's plate.
While Mr Hassum applauded the Coalition for its focus on northern development through the White Paper, they say the Commonwealth's $200 million for water infrastructure projects is too hard to access.
"We got excited when the Water Infrastructure Development Fund was announced because we thought that finally the government was getting the message that the real impediment was that early-stage cost associated with environmental impact studies and those sorts of things," they said.
"But the first tick box in the application [for the scheme] is that you have to be a state government department to apply for it. The private sector can't access that money.
"The intent is great, and I think the concept is great, and I think both the infrastructure development fund and the $5 billion in concessional loans will be terrific as well to attract private equity, but where it can fall down is when you get into the detail of the implementation."
Constitution makes direct grants impossible
Speaking at the Food Futures conference on northern development in Darwin on Wednesday, Mr Hassum said governments are still "struggling to work out how to engage with the private sector".
Assistant Minister for Agriculture and Water Resources, Senator Anne Ruston said the constitution is a major hurdle, because it prevents the Commonwealth from giving money directly to individuals, including project proponents in the north.
"I'm a federalist, I believe in the federal model, I believe in competitive federalism. I think our challenge is to ensure that even though this is the model we've got in place, that we make it efficient. We're not going to change it, but I agree there are ways to make it more efficient."
Commonwealth counting on private sector to realise northern development dream
Senator Ruston said the government remains committed to "providing the conditions for private sector investment" in the north.
"Whilst it would always be nice to be able to provide a whole heap more money, I think there's always a danger of providing too much money because too much money creates a level of reliance," they said.
We need to have sensible policies, but above all else I think we should be getting out of your way and allowing you get on with the job yourself of doing what you do best. Assistant Minister for Agriculture and Water Resources, Senator Anne Ruston
"What I think our role in government is, is to provide enough to stimulate the activity that needs to be stimulated. We need to be putting consistent policies, to put certainty, into the market.
"We need to have sensible policies, but above all else I think we should be getting out of your way and allowing you get on with the job yourself of doing what you do best."
Regional Australia Institute chief executive Jack Archer said that what the Commonwealth can provide is leadership, particularly around uncertainties on land tenure, and in securing better trade conditions.
"Regional leaders in the north who want to keep having the argument for more [Commonwealth] government money are going to be disappointed. One, because the pressure on the budget is significant so it's not 2004 when John Howard was looking for places to put it, it's a very different fiscal environment. Secondly, money's cheap at the moment in the private sector as well," they said.
"I think to continue to focus there is not the right focus.
"The focus I'd encourage is pushing for sensible land tenure change, pushing for certainty in that transition of the foundational conditions that allow people with proposals to take them forward.
"I think the White Paper is stepping up and taking leadership, putting some resources into this issue.
"Now it's about staying the course and doing the hard policy work to actually get some change."
Richard Branson. Beawiharta/Reuters Google "Richard Branson" and "success" and you get over 1.4 million results. Yes, a million.
It's no small wonder, since they are the only entrepreneur to have built eight separate billion-dollar companies starting with Virgin in 1970 at the age of 20.
Now, just under a half-century later, they have climbed their way to number 330 on Forbes' list of The World's Billionaires (ranking #12 in the U.K.) with a reported net worth of about $5 billion.
Want to know what one of their secret weapons is? What if I told you it was something any of us could do?
In a post on Virgin.com, Branson explained the reasons why they wake up early and discussed some of the benefits of having a consistent morning routine:
"Over my 50 years in business I have learned that if I rise early I can achieve so much more in a day, and therefore in life."
Here's a breakdown of what Sir Richard does each day and ideas for you to create your own perfect morning routine… and maybe even wind up joining them on that Forbes' list I mentioned earlier.
Wake up early so that you achieve more
Getting up earlier in the day gives you time you wouldn't normally have to accomplish the very activities that can take you to higher levels. Branson elaborates on this further in their "Why I Wake Early" blog post:
"No matter where I am in the world, I try to routinely wake up at around 5am. By rising early, I'm able to do some exercise and spend time with my family, which puts me in a great mind frame before getting down to business."
These activities can be any number of things, such as:
This is a list of alternative versions of Colossus from Marvel Comics' Multiverse.
Age of Apocalypse [ edit ]
In the Age of Apocalypse timeline, Colossus was a very haunted man, wearing a red mask to cover acid scars on their face. Their sister, Illyana, was thought to have died years prior, and their brother, Mikhail, was captured by Apocalypse. Colossus became leader of the Super Soldiers and faced their brainwashed brother in combat. Now a Horseman of Apocalypse, Mikhail destroyed all of Russia's superheroes except their brother, and from that day the severely beaten Colossus chose to dedicate their life to stopping Apocalypse and Mikhail. They left Russia to find the X-Men. Colossus was one of Magneto's original recruits for their X-Men.
During their first mission as an X-Man, Colossus battled Sabretooth for the life of a young mutant named Shadowcat. Colossus fell in love with her, and the two would eventually marry. After years of fighting for Magneto's cause, Colossus lost the will to fight on a battlefield in Africa. They decided to retire from the X-Men. As a final favor to Magneto, they agreed to teach the next generation of mutants with their wife.
Colossus came out of retirement two times. The first time, they were injured so severely only Magneto's metal powers kept them alive. Colossus could not transform back to their human self without risking death. The second time, Magneto offered Colossus and Kitty an important mission. It was discovered that Illyana was indeed still alive and being held prisoner in a slave camp, and they needed to save them so they could restore the true timeline.
Colossus and Shadowcat sent their team into the Seattle Core to rescue Illyana. After they found her, Colossus demanded Shadowcat evacuate Illyana immediately, leaving their students behind. Shadowcat disagreed, but followed their orders after they told them that they would go back for their students. Colossus reached the front gate and peered back into the Core. Only one student, Husk, remained standing. Colossus allowed the gate to close without attempting to help. They returned to their wife and sister and claimed they had done all they could.
Colossus and Shadowcat delivered Illyana to Magneto, but after learning the reality Magneto was trying to save was a place where their sister was dead, Colossus went mad. They tried to follow their sister into the M'Kraan Crystal, injuring Iceman in the process, and when Shadowcat stepped in front of him, assuming they would calm down, they didn't. Colossus crushed their wife and killed them Insane with grief, they were finally taken down by Gambit.
Mortally injured, they revert to their human form and dies after their sister returns from the M'kraan Crystal.[1]
Years later, when Weapon X had been transformed into Weapon Omega, the Heir of Apocalypse, Colossus was brought back to life through the combined efforts of Sugarman and Dark Beast, who had taken great pains to find and preserve their body. Along with many other "alphas", their mind was altered, turning them into a servant of Weapon Omega.
They were sent together with Azazel and Cyclops to confront another resurrected "alpha", Penance. Penance used their telepathic powers to restore Colossus' true memories, and they swore to help them in their quest to rebuild the world and lead mutants to a brighter future. A fight broke out between them and Cyclop, but Azazel teleported Cyclops and themselves away.
Days of Future Past [ edit ]
In the Days of Future Past timeline (Earth-811,), Colossus was detained in the South Bronx Mutant Containment Facility, Like most of the surviving X-Men. In this reality they married Kate Pryde and they had children. When their wife transferred their conscience into the Kitty Pride of Earth-616 and fell unconscious, Colossus tried to protect them from the Sentinels. As one of the last mutants on Earth, They infiltrated the Baxter Building on a suicide run in which they were killed by Sentinels trying to avenge the deaths of Storm and Wolverine.
Earth X [ edit ]
In Earth X, Colossus has become Tsar Piotr of Russia. Their country provides one of the greatest food sources for the world because of the intelligence of all animals (?). Occasionally, they are attacked by Life Model Decoys of Nick Fury, who seem to think that Piotr is a stereotypical Communist. It is mentioned in passing that at some point in the future, they will travel back in time and become Mister Sinister.[2]
Exiles [ edit ]
Several versions of Colossus have been seen in the Exiles series.
One was killed after betraying their Heroes for Hire teammates to save the alternative version of their sister, Magik. [3]
One dies protecting an alternative version of Shadowcat.[4]
Marvel Zombies [ edit ]
A version of Colossus is seen in Dead Days when the zombifed Alpha Flight attack the mansion. Later, they are seen among the survivors and fighting the other zombie heroes. Colossus, Nightcrawler, Storm, Dr. Strange, Nick Fury and Thor fight a holding action to protect a teleporter from the zombie forces. The group realizes that their plan to evacuate survivors might lead to another innocent world being infected so they destroy the machine and willingly give themselves up to the zombies.[5] In Marvel Zombies: Halloween, Kitty Pryde and their son with Colossus, Peter Rasputin Pryde are two of the few surviving humans, years later.[6]
Ultimate Marvel [ edit ]
In the Ultimate Marvel universe, Peter Rasputin reluctantly works as an arms smuggler for the Russian mob. Peter was saved from a firing squad as a young child by a boss in the Russian Mafia called Big Boris, who smuggles Peter from Siberia to the United States. Ultimate Colossus' powers are similar to those of their Earth-616 counterpart. With the use of a deadly drug called Banshee they have gained super strength to rival other powerhouses such as Thor.  They are not immune to Rogue's touch as shown in the "Return to Weapon X" storyline.  They are also highly resistant to physical injury. They have withstood being slashed by Ultimate Wolverine's adamantium claws. They have also survived a localized nuclear explosion. A few deviations from the Earth-616 version include the fact that Ultimate Colossus's height remains the same when they change. Unlike the mainstream version, their eyes remain vulnerable to pressure even in steel form, as shown when fighting Sam Wilson during Ultimate Nightmare.[7]
Colossus is revealed as a mutant during an illegal arms transaction gone wrong. Everyone is killed by gunfire except for Peter, whose mutant ability saves him. Jean Grey finds them soon after and offers them a place among the X-Men.[8]
When the X-Men embark on a world tour to promote Xavier's book, Colossus inexplicably disappears to Russia. Cyclops and Jean Grey track them and find Peter working in a factory. Colossus tells them they left due to unhappiness with their place on the team and with life as a mutant, but Jean suggests that their true reason is unrequited feelings they have for a fellow team member. Peter later comes to terms with their "gift," and becomes a Russian national hero when they rescue the crew of an incapacitated submarine. They leaf Russia to rejoin the X-Men.[volume & issue needed]
Later, Colossus and the X-Men are forced out of the mansion with the U.S. Government on their tails. In a climactic battle between the X-Men and The Ultimates, Colossus is able to defeat Iron Man and Thor, but is finally temporarily incapacitated by Hawkeye who fires a compact nuclear warhead arrow (with a blast radius of about 20 feet) near him. With the surprise assistance from Iceman, the X-Men (without Professor Xavier) manage to regroup and escape.[volume & issue needed]
The X-Men locate Magneto's flying citadel using a signal sent by a captured Cyclops. Upon their arrival, Magneto subdues them. Despite being composed of metal, Colossus' great strength and willpower allow them to overcome Magneto's control and beat Magneto mercilessly for the harm inflicted on Wolverine.[volume & issue needed]
Unlike their mainstream counterpart, Ultimate Colossus is gay. This is implied during the Mark Millar's run on the title, through their interactions with fellow X-Man Wolverine (this is implied during the "Return of the King" story arc, in which Colossus almost beats Magneto to a pulp when they threaten Wolverine). It is implied (through stereotype) when Jean Grey reveals to the readers that Peter's favorite TV show is Will & Grace, but stated more directly in that the main reason Colossus left the X-Men might have been that they were unable to make the X-Man he'd fallen in love with love him, even in the slightest. Storm also suggests Peter is gay when Angel arrives at the school and Storm explains to them that the reason that all the girls "and maybe Colossus" stare at them is because they are good looking. It is more openly addressed later during a series of mutant murders by Sinister, Colossus tends to the wounds of Northstar, the only survivor.  They are shocked when the openly gay Northstar asks if Colossus is single, which triggers a transformation into their metal state.[9]
Colossus and Northstar amicably part ways and keep in touch even after Northstar's team, the Academy of Tomorrow, come to blows with the X-Men. Colossus later agrees to accompany Northstar to their homecoming dance. This disturbs Nightcrawler, Peter's friend, who begins to avoid and resent him. Their relationship becomes very strained after this and never really recovers, Nightcrawler believing that Colossus deliberately misled and "betrayed" him. This also marks a significant change in Nightcrawler's character: much of their relationship with Colossus in the mainstream versions of them also involves Kitty Pryde (Colossus' recurring love interest throughout most of the various X-Men chronicles)'s close relationship with Nightcrawler. In this version, there is no romantic relations between Pryde and Rasputin and all three characters are affected. In other versions, Nightcrawler is routinely seen as an outsider trying desperately to fit in, more so than the other X-Men, but in this one their blatant homophobia and disgust towards Colossus is a strong theme. Comments have been made with a double meaning toward Peter's sexuality, such as Bobby Drake saying "Too bad he's playing for the other team" during a baseball game against the Academy of Tomorrow.[10]
Following Xavier's death, Northstar asks Colossus to come stay with them at the Academy of Tomorrow. Colossus finds a job as a construction worker and refuses to join Bishop's X-Men team.[11]
It has been revealed that Colossus is dependent on the mutant enhancement drug Banshee for their super-human strength; without it, they cannot so much as lift their arms in their organic steel mode. It was also revealed that Peter came to work for the Russian mob after being banished from their home by their father, who had accidentally discovered them in bed with another man. Colossus briefly formed a Banshee-enhanced splinter group of X-Men, but they have since rejoined the main group drug-free.[12]
After rejoining the main X-Men team, a tsunami hits New York and kills numerous people and superheroes including some of their teammates (Beast, Dazzler, and Nightcrawler). They fight against Magneto and their Brotherhood in their attack on the world.[13] He, alongside Jean Grey, Storm, Iceman, and Rogue, is one of the few X-Men to survive the Ultimatum.[14]
At the end of Ultimate X #5, Colossus is shown being held in a government facility: "Camp Angel" along with Storm and Spiral. It can be inferred from the narration of Karen Grant that the government is using them for testing on how to remove the mutant gene. At the start of Ultimate Comics: X-Men as a series, Colossus is seen in this camp. Despite the government's claims that mutants are being well-treated, Colossus is being maliciously tortured with electrical sticks.[15] When the prison is overruled, and arguments started between Storm and Stacy X over the treatment of Warden Lake and Major Walker, until Colossus kills Lake, summoning a fleet of Nimrod Model Sentinels.[16]
X-Men Forever [ edit ]
In X-Men Forever, Colossus returns to Russia after the events of X-Men #1-3, where they become a government agent, handled by Natalia Romanova, the Black Widow, with whom they have struck up a romance. Although overjoyed to see their old teammates again, they are intent on staying and serving their country.[17]
Tattoo_lover / Flickr, CC The mobile ad serving market is like a gold rush in the Wild West right now:
Mocean Mobile, one of many mobile ad serving companies, did a survey of 95 executives in the mobile ad business, including publishers, ad operations execs, salespersons, mobile product managers, and folks selling inventory for publishers, to get a handle on the state of the mobile ad serving industry.
The results of their survey show how the mobile ad server market is still wide open and yet to be dominated by a single server. Companies like Mocean, DART for Mobile and AdMarvel have a bit of a head start over their peers. But custom-built in-house solutions still have a significant share.
Most controversially, the survey also describes the most aggressive priorities of execs in terms of product development for the various mobile platforms, such as Apple's iOS, Google's Android, the mobile web and the iPad. It ain't good news for RIM's Blackberry or Microsoft's Windows Phone.
.- Christopher Bell was in their twenties and living in Times Square when they heard something that sounded like the voice of God.
Bell had been working with homeless and runaway kids in New York City, when they encountered pregnant women with young children who had no homes. At the time, Bell said there were no long-term programs that were ministering to pregnant women with other children.
“I thought there was a need to have longer-term housing for mothers and babies, but I didn't know what to do,” Bell told CNA.
“I was close to Fr. Benedict Groeschel, and I complained to him, ‘Why doesn't somebody do something to help these young mothers and children?'”
Fr. Groeschel, founder of the Community of the Franciscan Friars of the Renewal, told Bell that they would help them start the ministry that would eventually become Good Counsel Homes. Hearing those words from Fr. Groeschel “sounded almost like the voice of God and it was a great encouragement,” Bell recalled.
Good Counsel Homes was founded soon after in 1985 with the goal of helping women with children get off the streets and find stability through work or education.
“As soon as we opened on March 10, 1985, we were getting calls from women who were pregnant and women who were pregnant with other born children... So we responded to the need and took in the mothers,” Bell said.
Since 1985, Good Counsel Homes has aided more than 7,000 women at their residence homes and have expanded to four additional houses in New York and New Jersey.
During their time at Good Counsel Homes, the women in residence are offered finance, health, relationship and life-skills classes, as well as information about child growth and development. The average stay for a mother and their children at Good Counsel Homes is about 13 months, which allows them enough time to establish a job or some kind of stable independence.
Bell still remembers the first woman who came to Good Counsel Homes. They had a small son, but said that they were not their first child. They previously had an abortion when they were in high school, having been told that their nine-week-old baby in utero was a “blob of bloody tissue.”
After this experience, Bell found that about half of the women who came through Good Counsel Homes had been involved in an abortion. They decided to start an extension ministry of Good Counsel Homes called Lumina, to help individuals who had been affected by an abortion.
“Lumina is not only for the women of Good Counsel to learn about post-abortion healing, but also for women and men and siblings around the country to be educated and to find groups and healing and hope,” Bell said, adding “we want all of those involved in abortion to know that God can forgive you.”
Bell has experienced countless other difficult situations in which the women at Good Counsel Homes have been victims of rape or incest. They also recalled a woman who had been advised by their doctor to abort because their unborn child could potentially be born with defects.
“It's horribly unfortunate and really incomprehensible to me that doctors in these kinds of situations only offer pregnant women a termination,” they reflected.
“We know that even if the child is only going to live a few moments, it's healthier physically, and it's healthier psychologically, and certainly it's healthier spiritually for the mother to give birth to their child - to let nature and to allow God to have their way.”
Over the years, there have been some 1,000 births from the women who have resided at Good Counsel Homes. They have also been instrumental in opening additional maternity homes in eight other states across the country. However, Bell says this “is not enough.”
“We are now looking to open or merge with other maternity homes,” Bell stated, saying they will accept women of all statuses, regardless of poor mental health or addictive behaviors.
“We want to take women in and try to help them make those next big steps. And we'd like to see other homes like ours open throughout the country.”
The Good Counsel Homes hotline is (800)-723-8331.
This article was originally published on CNA April 11, 2016.
Donald Trump hugs the American flag as they arrive for a campaign rally on Oct. 24. Joe Raedle/Getty Images
An ill wind is blowing in places that have championed freedom.
This erosion of civil rights didn't start in the era of Donald “Burn the flag, go to jail” Trump, though he's made clear their intentions to accelerate it (particularly when it comes to freedom of expression). And the United States isn't the only place it's happening.
Some of the most disappointing moves to limit people's human rights have already taken place in Europe. The United Kingdom—which gave the world the Magna Carta—just enacted its so-called “snooper's charter,” which will enshrine what can only be called the first full-on surveillance state among Western democracies. Among other notable intrusions into people's privacy, it will give government vast new authority to hack people's devices; force companies to decrypt personal information when the government asks for it; and require telecommunications companies to store users' online activities, with a host of government agencies being able to fish around in that data without a warrant. As Jack Schofield observes in the Guardian, “It more or less removes your right to online privacy.”
Even before Trump takes office, the U.S. has been heading down some similar paths. As Edward Snowden showed, American surveillance services have been longstanding abusers of privacy and the law while Congress has, in general, winked at it all. For example, beginning Dec. 1—barring an unlikely last-second miracle in Congress—federal law enforcement will have a legal right to hack remotely into everyone's devices with just a wink and nod from any magistrate who'll authorize it. You probably haven't heard about this, because our news media have largely failed to notice it except in passing.
In fact, Congress has, with few exceptions, been a champion of surveillance for years. Democrats and Republicans have supported all kinds of incursions on the privacy not just of foreigners but of Americans as well, in the name of protecting us. So it would be foolish to expect much pushback from our national lawmakers when Trump takes power, even though what's coming should alarm anyone who believes in basic liberty. (Congress does occasionally do the right thing on freedom of speech, as it has with the just-passed legislation forbidding companies from gagging their customers' right to post negative online reviews.)
If Congress is feckless about liberty, Trump looks reckless. He's has been clear throughout their campaign: They will be as authoritarian as he's permitted to be, using the levers of government—including our vast surveillance apparatus and law enforcement—to accomplish their goals.
Their campaign tirade against Apple when the company was battling with the FBI over the San Bernardino shooter's iPhone was telling. Apple and some other tech companies are moving to help users encrypt more of their data, a trend that governments, especially authoritarian ones, hate with a passion. It will not surprise me at all if Trump insists that Congress pass a law banning the use of encryption that the government cannot break. Never mind that security experts overwhelmingly agree that compromising strong encryption leaves everyone less safe in the end.
In a climate for liberty that can only be called chilly, we have to start planning for the worst even if we hope for the best. Given our climate of fear, I suspect most people don't care enough. But what should you do if you do care?
As Schofield notes, there's relatively little you can do if the government individually targets you. A nation-state has more than enough resources to overcome almost any measure you might take. But we do have some ways to make mass, pervasive surveillance and hacking more difficult—and thereby be safer from criminals, not just governments we may not trust.
Some of the measures are easy. We can be certain to keep our software up to date; unpatched operating systems and applications are a favorite way for criminals—and government—to penetrate our devices.
We can use virtual private networks that encrypt data in ways that our ISPs can't decipher. (You should absolutely do this in any case when you're using a public Wi-Fi hotspot and hotel connection, and probably even at home as well given the notorious insecurity of consumer routers.)
Activists and others whowant to challenge the people in power will face sterner test. As the Intercept explained in an article titled “Surveillance Self-Defense Against the Trump Administration,” it is vital to encrypt mobile devices; use encrypted messaging such as an app called Signal; move away from Facebook discussion groups for sensitive conversations, and much more.
But technology is not enough. As Snowden told European investigative journalists last month, they can't win surveillance arms race against the National Security Agency or the U.K.'s GCHQ or other powerful government bodies. They have to lobby for privacy-protecting policies. So do everyday citizens who want to preserve liberty in this scary time.
The White House's Friday guidance to stop accepting transgender people into the military and to potentially oust those already serving will be difficult to implement fully, according to legal experts.
There's never been a case for removing a class of people from the military who have already been serving based on race, gender or sexual orientation, said Jennifer Levi, a lead attorney for five transgender troops suing President Trump and the Pentagon over the ban.
“From a legal standpoint, the military can't create special rules that limit people's service or that treats them in ways that limit their opportunities just because of who they are,” said Levi, a transgender rights project director with GLBTQ Legal Advocates and Defenders.
Trump's newly signed presidential memo instructs the Pentagon to stop accepting transgender people who want to enlist in the military, stop payments for gender reassignment medical treatment and further explore how to handle transgender people currently serving in the armed forces. The rules would be implemented fully by March 23, 2018.
ADVERTISEMENT
The executive memo follows a series of tweets sent by Trump on July 26 declaring that transgender troops would no longer serve “in any capacity” in the U.S. military.
Trump tweeted that the military “cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption” brought by transgender service members, noting that they had consulted with their “generals and military experts.” It was later reported that Defense Secretary James Mattis James Norman MattisTrump backs off total Syria withdrawal Grass-roots campaign backs Mattis for public office Overnight Defense: Dems tee up Tuesday vote against Trump's emergency declaration | GOP expects few defections | Trump doubles number of troops staying in Syria to 400 MORE was given one day's notice of the decision.
The guidance also gives Mattis the authority to determine if transgender troops already in the ranks can continue to serve.
Mattis now has six months to work out details of the new rules.
Todd Weiler, a former assistant secretary of Defense under former President Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaWith low birth rate, America needs future migrants 4 ways Hillary looms over the 2020 race Obama goes viral after sporting black bomber jacket with '44' on sleeve at basketball game MORE, said it will be easier for Trump to implement a policy to restrict transgender people from enlisting than it will be removing transgender people already serving.
“Implementation for future restriction may be easier because we have a history of not accepting people for a variety of reasons,” Weiler told The Hill. “We already create different standards for people to enter the military.”
It's far more difficult, however, to retroactively dismiss people already in service.
“Folks that are already in, they've already met the standards,” said Weiler, who helped craft the current policy to allow transgender people to serve openly in the military, which was implemented last year.
“The way that we wrote the policy, before you come in you have to be stable in your new gender for 18 months. The reality is, there is no impact whatsoever to readiness or to unit cohesion or anything of that nature. We studied this,” Weiler said.
Carl Tobias, a legal expert at the University of Richmond's School of Law, said while those opposing the ban can legally “make the argument there's discrimination,” the case will be difficult to win as it involves the military.
“The courts have often been reluctant to interfere or to resolve those kinds of cases in ways favorable to the plaintiffs challenging them,” Tobias told The Hill.
“I think there's an argument for discrimination, and yet there's all these special rules about the military and the president's power as commander in chief,” they said.
Tobias did note that Trump's directive seems to give Mattis leeway to allow transgender service members to stay in the ranks.
“I think the president grants Mattis pretty much the discretion to make that determination,” Tobias said. “Depending on what Mattis thinks and how they go about it, it could be that they say everybody's in or everybody's out rather than take it case by case.”
But the transgender ban policy already faces intense opposition from top Republican senators, dozens of retired generals and admirals and advocacy groups.
Senate Armed Services Chairman John McCain John Sidney McCainGOP lobbyists worry Trump lags in K Street fundraising Mark Kelly kicks off Senate bid: ‘A mission to lift up hardworking Arizonans' Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE (R-Ariz.) called the guidance “a step in the wrong direction” to oust currently serving transgender individuals “solely on the basis of their gender identity rather than medical and readiness standards that should always be at the heart of Department of Defense personnel policy.”
Congress could try to interfere by passing a statute that purports to overrule the executive memo, Tobias said.
The ban is also already the subject of a lawsuit.
GLAD and the National Center for Lesbian Rights jointly filed suit Aug. 9 for five transgender troops contesting the ban. The groups also plan to file a motion in D.C. district court.
The motion, while working its way through the courts, could stop the Pentagon from moving forward on the new policy.
Levi told The Hill it “would ensure that there would be no harm to the transgender service members who are currently in the military and would prohibit the administration from excluding transgender people from serving.”
Even top members of the military oppose Trump's move to ban transgender troops, including Navy Secretary Richard V. Spencer and Coast Guard Commandant Adm. Paul Zukunft.
“It's really unprecedented for the White House to override such a considered and studied judgment on the part of military leaders about personnel,” said Shannon Minter, NCLR legal director and the lead attorney on the case with GLAD. “I think they will have a hugely uphill battle.”
If there's a void in your life that can only be filled by a sci-fi adventure book reminiscent of Star Wars, Ender's Game, and a dozen space operas in between, fill it with Pierce Brown's endlessly exciting Red Rising trilogy.
Brown kicked off the series in 2014 with Red Rising—in which readers met Darrow, a low-born miner in a color-coded caste hierarchy who joins a group of revolutionaries intent on bringing down the Golds, the highest level of society. In this January's Golden Son, Darrow is fully embedded in the Golds and sets their sights on turning the society's most prominent families against each other. (Read EW's reviews of Red Rising and Golden Son here.)
Now, the third and final chapter of Darrow's hierarchy-hopping trilogy is at hand, and EW has an exclusive first look at the cover of the last book: Morning Star. We chatted with Brown about what's to come in the book three—and what they were thinking about that ending in book two. (Warning: spoilers ahead.)
EW: Morning Star is the next title—but Pierce, what does it mean?!
PIERCE BROWN: Each title has pertained to Darrow. In Red Rising, they were the red rising, but it also talks about the overall rebellion. In Golden Son, it reflects their place in society as they interact more with Gold culture and politics. With Morning Star, it reflects Darrow as they evolve into the leader that everything has prepared them to be. Morning Star is the light that many sailors would use to guide them. But it's also referenced twice in the Bible—once for Lucifer and once for Jesus. So there's an internal dichotomy in Darrow's character which, depending on your perspective, he's either the hero or the villain, and that's really what I wanted to bring out in Morning Star. Because this is the end of the road for the Rebellion, and everything that has happened comes to a head. Can they lead? Can they be the hero they were meant to be? Can they lead them to rebellion? Can they evolve past revenge and become the leader they need to be?
Book two was action-packed to the extent that it almost felt like, Well, how are you possibly going to top this? Was it always the plan to pack so much into Golden Son?
I usually dislike second books in series. The only second installment I ever loved was The Empire Strikes Back, and I think that was wonderful because it evolved the characters while not seeming like a bridge. It told its own story, which is what Golden Son did. And so I didn't set out to make Golden Son huge; it got huge based on the decisions of the characters. Where do I go from that? It's simply the consequences of action. There's no choice but for Morning Star to be even larger because the consequences grow exponentially. If you look at Golden Son, it was just a focused, isolated battle for Mars. Really, just several Colors involved. But imagine the sort of warfare that'll take place when it's many Colors going against the establishment. The summation of humanity attacking the establishment. Imagine the French Revolution on a grander scale. You might get close to book three.
This is already stressing me out.
My favorite quote so far is, ‘Shit escalates.' That's what Sevro says in book three, and it's so true.
How much time has passed between books?
There will be a time jump. Some stuff has to happen offstage in order for the final book to be one book instead of three. Having only Darrow's perspective focuses the emotions of the rebellion, but it also makes it more vast because you realize—how much difference can one man, even a man like Darrow, make? And Morning Star is about them not necessarily taking down a ship by themselves or conquering the enemy singlehandedly. It's about leading, so events have to be set up so that they can lead.
Are all the people who betrayed Darrow in Golden Son now considered straight enemies? Or is it not that simple?
Book one, to me, was always about revenge versus justice. Book two is about trust. Book three is about hope and faith. Darrow knows things aren't black and white, and no matter what their own emotions may make them feel, they have to understand that they have a goal and they have to accomplish it, so if it means having some enemies who used to be allies along the way, so be it. But if nothing else, he's extremely practical. So many characters still have to find out their own allegiances, and book three is where their choices finally stick. Their fates will be sealed at the end.
How did the story you set out to tell at the beginning of Red Rising change by the time you finished the first two books and started writing Morning Star?
The size of it changed. The size of the world kept expanding. In book two, I had it all in my head, but then when it got on paper, the scenes and the emotions kept growing. Book three became a much more difficult task. I always thought book three would be the easiest to write, and it seems, in order to do justice to book two, particularly the velocity of storytelling as well as the brevity of words and maximum amount of emotional impact as possible, it seems like a lot to live up to in order to do these characters justice.
What surprised you most about Golden Son?
I did not expect to have so many intelligent characters who are independent actors around Darrow. I always thought it'd be a little more Darrow driven, but in reality he's just the game-changer, but they're all playing the game, and that's what makes Golden Son so fun, I think, is you can realize that these people all have their own goals, all have their own independent actions, and for book three, that makes it very difficult because how do you line all that up? Also, think about how intelligent Mustang is supposed to be. She's five times more intelligent than me. Already more intelligent than Darrow, and I already had to rewrite Darrow in order to get them as intelligent as they needed to be. He's way smarter than I am. So imagine trying to plot in them being intelligent plus them being intelligent and Sevro's also intelligent, but then there are the Telemanuses who are loyal and also more intelligent than they seem, and the Jackal's really intelligent, so it's kind of hard when you have that many intelligent characters. I really should have put some dumb Golds in there.
No one's a fool. They're all trying to outthink each other.
Darrow obviously trusted the wrong people, and their hubris got in the way. That's what made them be an idiot in a lot of ways in Golden Son. They were Achilles. Then you have people that aren't as proud as Mustang. She's completely practical, but they have to make mistakes too, so you have to plant the emotional seeds of why they would make mistakes. They're all fallible in the end. Their emotions have already been planted, but book three is where they all flower.
You pissed a lot of people off at the end of book two, in the best way possible. Do you promise a satisfying ending to the trilogy? What can you tell me about how this story wraps up?
Absolutely nothing.
Nothing.
Here's one thing I can tell you: Sevro gets a girlfriend. It's someone you know. When I discovered that it would happen for him, I just started giggling.
Okay, so what if I ask: What's not in Morning Star?
Here's what I'll say. I think almost all of us exist in a world where we can try and do anything we want in the world, and whenever that fails, we can go home—but what if the very thing you're trying to accomplish destroys your home? To win the rebellion, Darrow can never go home again, and if our lower class wins, if the Reds win, what society do they build off of that? How can they, in a power vacuum, create a better world? These are the struggles. You're not going to see Ewoks partying at the end of the novel. There are so many complexities, they can't simply be solved by martial means. You can defeat your enemy by martial means, but can you create? Can we build while destroying? And I think that's the question for every rebellion.
It's very in vogue to do side perspectives. Are any of these characters such darlings for you that you contemplate telling their side of the story?
Pax's story would be hilarious. “PAX AU TELEMANUS! Pax is hungry! Pax likes kangaroos!” Sevro would be fascinating to do a thing like that. Particularly seeing Darrow from other people's perspectives, because they would seem like much more of a villain. Mustang would also be utterly fascinating. That said, I don't want to do it just because it's in vogue. I'd have to have a reason for the story to exist. I wouldn't want to just retell the same story.
Morning Star will be released in spring 2016.
Copyright by WCMH - All rights reserved Put-In-Bay in August 2016 (WCMH photo)
Copyright by WCMH - All rights reserved Put-In-Bay in August 2016 (WCMH photo)
PUT-IN-BAY, OH (WCMH) -- A teenager died Friday after being shocked by an electrical current from their family's boat in Put-In-Bay.
According to the Ohio Department of Natural Resources, 19-year-old Evan Currie of Dublin was near their family boat around 6:30pm at Miller Marina when the incident occurred. The Curries had parked their 33' Sea Ray Sundancer and plugged in the shore power.
The family dog reportedly fell into the water and began to struggle. Father Jeffrey Currie jumped into the water to save the dog and also began struggling. Evan Currie and their brother then entered the water to help.
The mother stayed on the boat as bystanders told them to unplug the shore power.
Everyone got back into the boat after the cord was unplugged, but Evan was unresponsive and convulsing. They were transported back to the mainland.
The ODNR is currently investigating the incident along with Put-In-Bay police and the Ottowa County Sheriff's Office.
(NaturalNews) On the surface, weather control (manipulation) appears to be a good idea - except for one thing - it's really quite deadly! Why would anyone (in their right mind) think that spraying toxic chemicals (chemtrails) - into our atmosphere - is a good idea? So, the question remains, why do you think "chemtrails" and other geoengineering projects exist today?Find out "Why in the World are They Spraying" with one of the leading chemtrail experts and filmmaker Michael Murphy on the next - LIVE - NaturalNews Talk Hour. This program promises to be one of the most important (health) shows of the year.Visit: http://www.naturalhealth365.com and enter your email address for free show details.What do record snowfalls in Japan; severe droughts in Texas and violent tornadoes have in common? Well, did you know that these extreme weather conditions are sold as derivatives on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange? Imagine the value of knowing (in advance) that a severe storm was eminent and you could bet on it for profit. Do you think there is incentive to control the weather without regard for human life?Now, let's take a look at how the military is using weather control techniques as a weapon in warfare. Back in 1967, the United States military ran "Operation Popeye" - a "cloud seeding" program during the Vietnam War which extended the monsoon season over Laos. The rainfall was so heavy over 30 - 45 days that truck traffic was impaired - giving the U.S. military an advantage over the enemy.There is no denying that our current weather patterns have become more extreme and (often times) deadly. But, here's the real shocking news, government agencies have been secretly manipulating the weather for decades and, worse yet, without our permission. State run propaganda machines would have us believe that toxic chemicals sprayed into the atmosphere are designed to save us from global warming. But, the truth is, chemtrails actually cause global warming by preventing the earth from naturally cooling itself - at night.If you have any doubt about the dangers of chemtrails - I suggest you watch the movie, "What in the World are They Spraying" by Michael Murphy. In this film, you will discover many of the toxic substances being sprayed into our atmosphere, such as, Arsenic, aerosol, aluminum, barium, depleted uranium, high levels of mercury plus many other toxic substances. It's no wonder that allergies, asthma and even cancer rates have soared due to the mass poisoning of our population without our consent.On the next NaturalNews Talk Hour - we'll talk about "Why in the World They are Spraying" with filmmaker Michael Murphy - an expert in chemtrail research.Michael J. Murphy is a filmmaker, political activist and President of The Coalition Against Geo-engineering. Their work focuses on issues that go beyond the interest of the Corporate mainstream media and includes originating and Co-Producing the groundbreaking documentary, "What in the World are They Spraying?" and several other short films that address controversial political issues.Find out "Why in the World are They Spraying" with one of the leading chemtrail experts and filmmaker Michael Murphy on the next - LIVE - NaturalNews Talk Hour. This program promises to be one of the most important (health) shows of the year.Visit: http://www.naturalhealth365.com and enter your email address for free show details.
ENGLEWOOD, Colo. -- A Dallas police report, which was released Friday and includes a narrative of last month's shooting of Denver Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib, didn't shed much light on the incident.
Talib was shot once in their right leg in the early-morning hours of June 5, the report shows. Talib informed police they didn't know who shot him, and a witness said they had been with Talib in a large group of people in a park when they heard one gunshot. The witness said they then found Talib on the ground and took the cornerback to the hospital.
The narrative listed on the report seems to dispel the speculation that Talib shot himself, offering that Talib had been shot "by an unknown suspect."
The bullet, according to the police report, entered Talib's right thigh and exited their right calf. Police were not notified until Talib had been taken to a hospital in a 2015 Rolls-Royce, according to the report.
The report does not say whether Talib had a weapon. One gram of marijuana was found during the investigation, but the report does not say whether the marijuana belonged to Talib.
No charges have been filed, and the investigation by Dallas police remains open. The NFL continues to investigate the incident as well, and Talib faces the potential of league discipline even if no charges are filed against him.
Talib was shot the day before the Broncos visited the White House. The Broncos concluded their offseason program last month, but Talib has remained in Denver working with the team's medical staff during their recovery.
As the Broncos' offseason program drew to a close, Broncos coach Gary Kubiak said two weeks ago that "our goal is to have them ready for camp, like all these guys.''
The Broncos' veterans will report for training camp July 27, with the first full team practice on July 28.
Talib, 30, signed with the Broncos in 2014 and had three interceptions last season, including two they returned for touchdowns.
Despite having no evidence that Shuai murdered their child, the prosecution is still making moves to put them on trial.
Despite having no evidence that Shuai murdered their child, the prosecution is still making moves to put them on trial.
WIBC
Bei Bei Shuai, the Chinese immigrant in Indiana who's accused of murder for the death of their daughter Angel, who was delivered early after Shuai ingested rat poison in a failed suicide attempt, will go to trial in September. The prosecution currently has no evidence that the poison caused Angel's death.
Officials have announced that jury selection for Shuai's murder trial will begin on August 26. The trial is being delayed while the prosecution has a new medical expert examine evidence from the case. A prior medical examiner's testimony was dismissed from the case, as it was discovered they never examined any potential cause of death besides the poison, which has not been shown conclusively to cross the placental barrier.
Shuai's lawyer, Linda Pence, has decried the refusal to drop the murder charges against Shuai in light of the lack of evidence in the case. “As of now, they have not provided any testimony from an expert that can testify that the rat poison caused the death of the fetus, which is alarming to me,” Pence told RTV6 in Indiana. “When you charge someone with murder, the most heinous crime on the books, you would have competent good evidence before you made those charges.”
Shuai was held in jail without bail for over a year before being allowed out on bond. Both women's rights and mental health rights groups have actively petitioned the court to drop the case, arguing that jailing a woman for attempted suicide while pregnant will set a precedent that will discourage pregnant women from seeking assistance when they have mental health crises.
Get the facts, direct to your inbox. Subscribe to our daily or weekly digest. SUBSCRIBE
Lucha Underground
In its relatively short time on television, Lucha Underground — both the show and the promotion of the same name — has been praised for helping to revolutionize professional wrestling and update the art form for a new era. While most of the praise has focused on the presentation of the show (particularly its cinematic elements), there's another aspect of the show that has been equally important and even more revolutionary.
Week in and week out, Lucha Underground has focused on, lent gravity to and paid tribute to its Latino performers. The show is heavily steeped in authentic Aztec, Chicano and Latino iconography and history. Characters speak in Spanish, with subtitles. Aztec gods are characters and plot points. But above all, the heroes and villains of Latin heritage are fully fleshed out people with motivations, confidence and pride.
Chavo Guerrero — part of the legendary Guerrero wrestling family and a legitimate star in their own right — was originally contacted by the Lucha Underground creators to come in as onscreen talent. Those initial conversations led to them becoming a producer and behind-the-scenes force in the direction of the show, in addition to performing as one of the most despised heels in the company.
WASHINGTON—Addressing the nation from the Oval Office this evening, President Barack Obama announced that a full-scale U.S. military invasion of the Islamic Republic of Iran is currently underway. “At this hour, we have deployed approximately 200,000 troops across the Iran-Iraq border as part of a multipronged military offensive against Iran,” said Obama, who confirmed the decision to invade was made unilaterally, without the explicit consent of any other world leaders. “To be clear: We are at war with the nation of Iran. On my orders, American forces have fully mobilized and begun striking selected targets with the aim of crippling Iranian nuclear infrastructure. These are the opening stages of what will be a long-term, protracted campaign.” Obama went on to dismiss the invasion's impact on the presidential election, sternly reminding citizens that “we are in a time of war right now.”
Check back throughout the day for live updates from the Onion political team as it covers Election Day 2012.
With six weeks of the regular season left, this week's Burrito Wrap assesses some issues at the top and bottom of the division.
Relegation Battle Spoilt By Rules…
With just six games left to play the relegation battle is going down to the wire. Atlas took a valuable three points off Veracruz on Saturday and Atlante shipped five in the capital. Having now seen a stream of remarkable results over the last few weeks it now looks like it's going to be one of the tightest battles in recent memory.
So what's wrong?
There are many perceived issues with the relegation system at it currently stands. Whilst a brief glance north of the border should make Mexican fans be thankful that at least a relegation system exists, it could undoubtedly be improved.
The current system appears to remain in place for one reason – protection of the supposed big teams. Advocates of the system would say that Liga MX lacks the global fanbase of some of the European leagues and thus needs its most commercial ‘brands' in the top division in order to compete economically and retain interest. Nonetheless, in the purest sporting sense, if the sides aren't good enough they shouldn't be protected merely because of their reputation (I won't mention ownership issues and buyouts).
Imagine how more the exciting the system would be if two or three sides got relegated based on the performance of two seasons – i.e. – from August to May. We would now be looking at the following table going into the final six games:
12. Puebla 29
13. Veracruz 29
14. Monterrey 29
15. Pumas 29
16. Chivas 28
17. Atlante 27
18. Atlas 25
That's seven sides within four points of each other – far more exciting, tense, and interesting that the current convoluted usage of a points-per-game coefficient.
The Ascenso MX is more than good enough to provide two or three sides per year that are capable of competing in the top division and the rules should be changed.
Championship Battle Spoilt By Rules…
The other end of the table is not necessarily better. When the regular season lasts just seventeen games, I do understand the necessity of some form of post-season, but the current system feels wrong.
Personally, I would scrap the two seasons per calendar year and revert to a standard winner-takes-all 34 game seasons. However, if we must have a playoff system, why are nearly half of the league included?
Does it not cheapen the regular season? Especially when we get situations such as last year's Clausura when Monterrey finished ninth and still qualified for the Liguilla, ultimately beating the regular season winners Tigres in the quarter-final. That means a team which lost eight of their seventeen games found themselves two games away from a Championship decider while a team that lost just twice were eliminated.
Obviously this season is very tight, with only four points separating third from twelfth. But what about Cruz Azul and Toluca? Los Cementeros need just four more points to be assured of a playoff berth. How do they stay motivated thereafter? In the Clausura there is no benefit to winning the league beyond the seeding for the Liguilla – at least in the Apertura there are places in the Copa Libertadores to play for.
It's my belief that one of two things should happen. Either the playoffs should be reduced to include just four sides, or the top eight should keep their points from the regular season and play the other top eight sides one more time each before the top two play a one leg final.
By Daniel Price
To continue the debate you can add a comment below or find me on Twitter by following @MexFooty
** photo is used under a Creative Commons license from esparta
AFTER only a few years basking in the limelight, wonder material graphene has a competitor in the shape of silicene. For the first time, silicon has been turned into a sheet just one atom thick. Silicene is thought to have similar electronic properties to graphene but ought to be more compatible with silicon-based electronic devices.
Patrick Vogt of Berlin's Technical University in Germany, and colleagues at Aix-Marseille University in France created silicene by condensing silicon vapour onto a silver plate to form a single layer of atoms. They then measured the optical, chemical and electronic properties of the layer, showing it closely matched those predicted by theory (Physical Review Letters, DOI: 10.1103/PhysRevLett.108.155501).
Silicene may turn out to be a better bet than graphene for smaller and cheaper electronic devices because it can be integrated more easily into silicon chip production lines.
In 2010, another Aix-Marseille group led by Bernard Aufray attempted create silicene using a similar approach but failed to present convincing evidence that it was present. Michel Houssa of the Catholic University of Leuven (KUL) in Belgium, who was not involved in the new work, says: “In my opinion, this is the first compelling evidence that silicene can be grown on silver.”
They say an important challenge now will be to grow silicene on insulating substrates to learn more about its electrical properties and understand how they can be exploited to build future electronic devices.
The first facility in Ireland licensed to manufacture human stem cells opened in NUI Galway this morning.
The development will mean some patients suffering from certain diseases will be able to access clinical trials of stem cell therapies.
Stem cells are human cells that can develop into many types of tissue.
As a result, scientists are increasingly studying their potential for regenerating diseased or damaged tissue in people suffering the effects of certain illnesses, such as heart attacks, stroke, arthritis or diabetes.
Before they can be used widely in humans such therapies must undergo extensive clinical trials.
The first Irish licence to manufacture stem cells for this purpose was granted to the Centre for Cell Manufacturing Ireland at NUIG.
The custom-built facility will take small samples of bone marrow from adult donors and culture them in a specially designed laboratory to make billions of stem cells.
The cells will then be injected back into the donor or other patients as part of clinical trials.
The first of those trials will investigate their use in the treatment of diabetes patients who are suffering reduced blood flow to lower limbs, a symptom that often results in amputations.
The CCMI received its licence to produce the culture-expanded stem cells from the Irish Medicines Board following a long accreditation process.
It is one of less than a dozen such facilities in academic centres in Europe.
The CCMI will work in tandem with the Regenerative Medicine Institute (REMEDI) at the university, which since 2004 has been working to develop new therapies for diseases that either have inadequate or ineffective treatments.
Pre-clinical data produced by REMEDI has been used in the validation process for the CCMI facility.
It is estimated that 70% of pharmaceutical companies have regenerative medicine therapies in development, with 575 active trials in cell and gene therapy under way.
Given the large number of medical device and pharmaceutical companies in Ireland, it is hoped the new centre will help improve opportunities for Ireland in this area in the future.
According to the Irish Medical Devices Association, revenue from regenerative medicine products was approximately $1.3bn (€0.95bn) last year, with sales growth of 40% recorded during the year.
DOM elements are added or removed. Note that these elements must be visible.
Elements change position or change size(because of a change in margin, padding, border thickness, width, height, etc.) or content is changed.
Page renders initially and window is resized.
Every time a page geometry is changed the reflow is calculated for all the elements that are affected and then the browser repaints.
In modern browser to increase the performance, these changes are done in batches which reduces the number of reflows and also the number of repaints.
But with ignorance you will kill the capabilities of this browser to work efficiently.
There are conditions when this capability is overridden and reflow is calculated. When does this happens and when does the render tree changes need to be flushed.
Render tree queue is flushed whenever any of these is calculated.
Offsets
heights and widths
Position.
getcomputedStyle()
Why this happens?
It happens because the information that need to be processed from these properties have to be precise and thus all the calculation must be done before that particular stage. This is the reason why everything in the render queue is flushed and reflow is calculated.
From the above discussion you may have inferred that we have to minimize the reflows and repaints thus we must use some techniques to do this. What could be those techniques?
One would be the same what browser does always make changes in render tree in batches. Now you must be wondering how to do that? Look at the codes below.
Boom! Putin Blasts Putz CBS Reporter over Comey Question, “Your Question Looks Very Funny to Me” (VIDEO)
CBS correspondent, Elizabeth Palmer is in Sochi, Russia at a hockey game where they asked President Vladimir Putin how the firing of James Comey would affect U.S.-Russia relations.
Vladimir Putin was on their way to the ice at a hockey game when CBS reporter, Elizabeth Palmer asked them about Comey's firing. Putin thought their question was funny and shrugged their shoulders as they responded:
Putin said through a translator: “There will be no effect. Your question looks very funny for me. Don't be angry with me.” “We have nothing to do with that. President Trump is acting in accordance with their competence, in accordance with their law and Constitution.” What about us? Why me?
After Putin reminded the reporter that Trump was acting in accordance with U.S. law, they invited the reporter to play hockey. Funny how Putin immediately had to say ‘We have nothing to do with that' because Russia is being blamed for EVERYTHING these days. What an utter embarrassment for the media.
Fun fact: Putin actually understands and speaks English very well (among other languages).
Our @elizapalmer caught Russian Pres. Putin rink side and asked them about the firing of former. Dir. Comey. pic.twitter.com/3nytJYi0si — CBS Evening News (@CBSEveningNews) May 10, 2017
RUSSIA is ordering all of its officials to fly home any relatives living abroad amid rising tensions over the prospect of a new world war, it's been claimed.
Politicians and high-ranking figures are said to have received a high-level warning from tough guy president Vladimir Putin, according to local media.
1 President Putin takes part in 2016 Russia Calling! Investment Forum
The reported call to return to the Motherland – which comes after Putin suddenly cancelled a visit to France – applies to all state employees.
Workers were reportedly told to pull their children out of school immediately, reports the Daily Star.
The top level order applies to administration staff, regional administrators, lawmakers of all levels and employees of public corporations.
Those that do not obey the edict will find the future employment prospects in tatters.
Related Stories VLAD V BRAD Russian president Vladimir Putin blasts Sir Bradley Wiggins and other stars who had 'advantage' PUTIN HITS BACK Russia CANCELS visit to France as relations with Putin collapse over Syria war crimes claims 'wells of outrage are growing exhausted' Boris calls for protests outside the Russian Embassy over Syria YOU'RE FIRED, COMRADE Putin's best mate 'The Butcher of Chechnya' launches Donald Trump-style Apprentice reality show BRIDGE OF LIES Massive 'Putin the Peacemaker' banner mysteriously appears on New York bridge
The reason for the urgent recall is unclear but one top analyst said it could be a hint war is on its way.
Russian political analyst Stanislav Belkovsky said: “This is all part of the package of measures to prepare elites to some ‘big war'.”
Russia recently held defence drills for 40 million citizens in apparent preparation for an all-out nuclear war.
"And earlier this month, Putin's ministers announced they had built bunkers capable of housing Moscow's 14 million people.
Recently, we writers were informed that our services would no longer be required for the most part. I will not get into why, but, like Mioff, it wasn't a reflection of the quality of our work. I also cannot comment on MLG's future aims or goals. That's for them to decide and disclose as they see fit. All I will say is you will be reading significantly less written content. (This is not speculation.)
What I will comment on is my own future direction. I will continue writing, not for MLG, but for my own sake and for the love of eSports journalism. I want to keep asking Pros intriguing questions, presenting unique editorials, and engaging with (and sometimes trolling) the lot of you. Maybe I'm just an egomaniac who thinks too highly of their own opinion, but that trite concern hasn't stopped me from preaching those opinions thus far. As long as there is a demand and appreciation, I plan on continuing to put out some type of work. (Perhaps on some topics that just weren't appropriate for the front page?)
I want to thank those of you out there who actually took the time to read our articles, both mine and the rest of the Content Team's. Virtually every one of us came up and out of this very community. We were reimbursed for our work, but that wasn't why we did it. We did it because we love MLG and love the games we covered. Personally, Halo has been, in many ways, a positive influence in my life. It taught me mental discipline; It introduced me to life-long friends; It provided me the opportunity to expand as a writer; And it holds a vast number of unforgettable memories.
More than anything, though, we the writers love and appreciate all of you. (Yeah, yeah, shut up.) It means a lot to us when you, our peers, care about what we have to say. None of us are really any different from the rest of you. That goes for us writers, the commentators, and everyone else. We just have a unique set of skills and, more importantly, caught very lucky breaks. But without you to listen, we have no audience to whom we can present our works. And without an audience, we have no purpose. So, remember, you were always the important ones, and will continue to be.
It is important to remember what it is that unites us all: the love of eSports and the games that make it possible.
So, thank you for granting us your time and reading our content. I sincerely wish MLG the best of luck in their new direction. And, if things ultimately don't work out, I'll be more than willing to pick up right where we left off.
Michael Mooridian
“Gilean”
Former MLG Content Team Member
Keep tabs on the other writers; they still have a lot to say:
@jwaddell_ -- A writer I looked up to my entire time at MLG. They set the standard I aspired to reach.
@MLGLish -- Editor for MLG. All-around great and friendly person.
@MLG_Omerta -- Man covered a game I knew virtually nothing about when it came to the competitive scene.
@SuitAndTie – Covers Halo and SC2. And their name is Roach. What gives? Oh, they also compose electronic music.
@KyleJMagee – Managing editor for MLG. They gave me my job.
Another part of MLG's 2012 plan apparently, looks like the entire written content staff has been cut except for the 2 head editors (Kyle, Alicia). It looks like this is less intensive than the earlier round of cuts as not all of these people were full-time, but certainly supports Sundance's cryptic lean-and-mean tweet.I was always impressed with the quality of written content on the MLG site, so it is sad to see them go. Though, given how few people seemed to read it I can see why the company would want to focus elsewhere in the future. It will be interesting to see how things pan out next year, tough to have much of an opinion when we don't have the full picture yet.The list, thanks to Antoine:Best of luck to them, they are all very solid wordsmiths. Updated tweets from Sundance:
Someone please post in that TL thread that I do in fact have a plan. The editorial was top notch - was proud of it. But it didn't get read.
We're going to focus on what moves the needle. After all - I am running a business.
Slottr makes building online signup sheets dead simple. Don't take our word for it, try it right now for yourself, no signup needed.
What is slottr? Slottr is the easiest way to create and publish your online sign-up sheet. Enter dates and times for a set of tasks or activities, then publish and share it with your friends by emailing a link, sharing on facebook or embedding your form right into your website. It's simple, easy and best of all, free!
Who is slottr for? Anybody and everybody. We've seen a grandmother go from signing up to sharing a form with their co-workers on Facebook and collecting sign-ups in literally minutes. Whether it be to coordinate a refreshment schedule for a local soccer team, manage sign-ups for a class or to figure out who is bringing what to the office party, we're committed to making slottr unbelievably simple to use.
This weekend, my colleague Kevin Williamson kicked up quite the hornet's nest with their magazine piece (subscription required) that strikes directly at the idea that the white working-class (the heart of Trump's support) is a victim class. Citizens of the world's most prosperous nation, they face challenges — of course — but no true calamities. Here's the passage that's gaining the most attention:
It is immoral because it perpetuates a lie: that the white working class that finds itself attracted to Trump has been victimized by outside forces. It hasn't. The white middle class may like the idea of Trump as a giant pulsing humanoid middle finger held up in the face of the Cathedral, they may sing hymns to Trump the destroyer and whisper darkly about “globalists” and — odious, stupid term — “the Establishment,” but nobody did this to them. They failed themselves. If you spend time in hardscrabble, white upstate New York, or eastern Kentucky, or my own native West Texas, and you take an honest look at the welfare dependency, the drug and alcohol addiction, the family anarchy — which is to say, the whelping of human children with all the respect and wisdom of a stray dog — you will come to an awful realization. It wasn't Beijing. It wasn't even Washington, as bad as Washington can be. It wasn't immigrants from Mexico, excessive and problematic as our current immigration levels are. It wasn't any of that. Nothing happened to them. There wasn't some awful disaster. There wasn't a war or a famine or a plague or a foreign occupation. Even the economic changes of the past few decades do very little to explain the dysfunction and negligence — and the incomprehensible malice — of poor white America. So the gypsum business in Garbutt ain't what it used to be. There is more to life in the 21st century than wallboard and cheap sentimentality about how the Man closed the factories down. The truth about these dysfunctional, downscale communities is that they deserve to die. Economically, they are negative assets. Morally, they are indefensible. Forget all your cheap theatrical Bruce Springsteen crap. Forget your sanctimony about struggling Rust Belt factory towns and your conspiracy theories about the wily Orientals stealing our jobs. Forget your goddamned gypsum, and, if they have a problem with that, forget Ed Burke, too. The white American underclass is in thrall to a vicious, selfish culture whose main products are misery and used heroin needles. Donald Trump's speeches make them feel good. So does OxyContin. What they need isn't analgesics, literal or political. They need real opportunity, which means that they need real change, which means that they need U-Haul.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
These are strong words, but they are fundamentally true and important to say. My childhood was different from Kevin's, but I grew up in Kentucky, live in a rural county in Tennessee, and have seen the challenges of the white working-class first-hand. Simply put, Americans are killing themselves and destroying their families at an alarming rate. No one is making them do it. The economy isn't putting a bottle in their hand. Immigrants aren't making them cheat on their wives or snort OxyContin. Obama isn't walking them into the lawyer's office to force them to file a bogus disability claim.
Advertisement
For generations, conservatives have rightly railed against deterministic progressive notions that put human choices at the mercy of race, class, history, or economics. Those factors can create additional challenges, but they do not relieve any human being of the moral obligation to do their best.
Yet millions of Americans aren't doing their best. Indeed, they're barely trying. As I've related before, my church in Kentucky made a determined attempt to reach kids and families that were falling between the cracks, and it was consistently astounding how little effort most parents and their teen children made to improve their lives. If they couldn't find a job in a few days — or perhaps even as little as a few hours — they'd stop looking. If they got angry at teachers or coaches, they'd drop out of school. If they fought with their wife, they had sex with a neighbor. And always — always — there was a sense of entitlement.
And that's where disability or other government programs kicked in. They were there, beckoning, giving men and women alternatives to gainful employment. You don't have to do any work (your disability lawyer does all the heavy lifting), you make money, and you get drugs. At our local regional hospital, it's become a bitter joke the extent to which the community is hooked on “Xanatab” — the Xanax and Lortab prescriptions that lead to drug dependence.
Advertisement
Of course we should have compassion even as we call on people to do better. I have compassion for kids who often see the worst behavior modeled at home. I have compassion for families facing economic uncertainty. But compassion can't excuse or enable self-destructive moral failures.
Nor does a focus on personal responsibility mean that the government or cultural elite are blameless. Far from it, and I've written at length about the role of progressive culture and progressive policies in cultural decline. I loathe the progressive welfare state and the elitist sexual revolutionaries who do all they can to create a culture that is simultaneously dependent and self-indulgent. I hate the mockery that poor and working-class people of all races endure, but we live in a nation of mutual responsibilities, and the failure of the government does not require the failure of the citizen.
Kevin is right. If getting a job means renting a U-Haul, rent the U-Haul. You have nothing to lose but your government check.
Hopscotch has long been a popular cocktail and dinner spot on San Pablo Avenue in Uptown Oakland, but its vibe couldn't be more different from the new project chef-owner Kyle Itani is launching just a few blocks away. A San Francisco Chronicle Rising Star Chef in 2013, Itani's classic cooking at Hopscotch draws diners in for fried chicken, freshly shucked oysters and burgers with hand-cut fries. Itani Ramen has a different mission: to bring homemade ramen to the neighborhood. Various delays have held up the opening, but the restaurant began holding weekend pop-up dinners last Saturday and will continue to do so until the doors officially open and the full menu is available.
We stopped in on Sunday night to see what's in store. Though there was a steady drizzle and virtually no protection from the rain, there was a line forming by 5:40pm for a 6pm opening.
Once inside, the many servers and kitchen were synchronized and downright fast filling orders placed at the counter.
The pop-up menu featured two types of ramen, a shoyu and a miso. The shoyu (soy sauce) broth was made with both chicken and pork, and also included bonito tuna, which gave the whole concoction a beautiful, lean depth. Standard toppings were pork cha siu, bamboo shoots, yu choi and green onion. We added a jidori egg for $1.50. The pork cha siu, a classic Cantonese marinated pork, made the dish with its complex spicing and rich, fatty texture, and the crisp, bright green yu choi was a nice counterpoint.
The miso ramen was a compelling vegetarian dish, the all-vegetable broth hearty and earthy, and the toppings included watercress, bamboo shoots, bean sprouts and black garlic oil. The garlic oil added a sweet depth to the overall experience of the bowl and gave it a resonance that most vegetarian soups don't have.
What further distinguishes both recipes is Itani's homemade noodles, which are beautifully cut and cooked to a perfectly al dente texture, slightly chewy and, frankly, addictive.
We also ordered two appetizers, the first a beautiful, thin-skinned, hand-formed pork gyoza, and the second, a bowl of bright pickles of burdock root, cucumber, spicy mustard greens and carrots.
The Sohomare Tokubetsu Kimoto sake was just the right medium-dry junmai accompaniment. For beer drinkers, there's Asahi on tap, and there's one shochu (a barley spirit) as well.
Cauldron 2 tape didn't work, can't mount
(based on the display only)
Harkins hosting week-long tribute to Robin Williams
CLOSE 12 News anchors Mark Curtis and Lin Sue Cooney talk with Dan Harkins of Harkins about the life of Robin Williams and how the local theater company is helping fans honor Williams. 12 News
Robin Williams and Matt Damon in "Good Will Hunting" (Photo: Miramax)
CLOSE Remembering Robin Williams.
Harkins Theatres is hosting a week-long tribute to Robin Williams, starting Friday, Aug. 15.
The films included in the event, held at Valley Art, are: "The World According to Garp," "Good Will Hunting," "Dead Poets Society," "The Birdcage" and "Good Morning, Vietnam." Tickets are $5 per movie, and the proceeds go toward St. Jude Children's Research Hospital. Dan Harkins, the owner and CEO of Harkins Theatres, will introduce "Good Morning, Vietnam" at 7 p.m. Friday.
"I was very fortunate to have had the opportunity to meet Robin Williams," Harkins said in a statement. "We at Harkins Theatres are deeply saddened by the loss of a genuine person and comedic genius."
Williams, 63, hanged themselves Monday, Aug. 11. Known as a brilliant stand-up comic, they were also an Oscar-winning actor who excelled in dramatic roles.
Of the films Harkins is presenting, I'd rank them like this, from top to bottom:
"Good Will Hunting" (1997): Williams won their Oscar playing a psychologist treating Matt Damon; the therapist in this case was probably as troubled as the patient. The movie is really, really good, the best thing Williams appeared in. (His tastes sometimes ran to the maudlin.) For me, the best part was when they simply held Damon and repeated the words, "It's not your fault." Damon resisted, then broke down. It was heartbreaking and, more importantly, cathartic.
"Dead Poets Society" (1989): They did drama to some extent in "Garp," but this is the film that announced to the world that the funny guy could handle serious drama. Williams played an English teacher who passes on their love of poetry to their students. After Williams' death, many people said (including Jimmy Fallon) and wrote, "O Captain! My Captain!" as a tribute. It's a line from Walt Whitman's poem used to good effect in the film.
"The World According to Garp" (1982): Williams' film breakout, in which they play the title character from John Irving's novel. The whimsy and humor mixed well with drama, and showed Williams' range.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Things to do this weekend newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Best Things to do this weekend Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-332-6733. Delivery: Thurs Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Things to do this weekend Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
"Good Morning, Vietnam" (1987): Williams plays Adrian Cronauer, a real-life DJ who is transferred to Vietnam, where they work for Armed Forces Radio. This also plays to Williams' strengths; their radio rants are great, the best thing about the movie.
"The Birdcage" (1996): Williams and Nathan Lane are funny as a gay couple who pretend to be straight, to impress their son's fiancee's parents. It's a good movie, but it suffers from a classic lament: the original ("La Cage Aux Folles") is so much better.
ROBIN WILLIAMS' TOP 10 BEST MOVIES
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/1ovK8DT
Russia is acting in an increasingly ‘assertive and aggressive way' which is starting to become irritating, defence minster Jeanine Hennis said on Friday.
The minister was reacting to an incident on Thursday in which Dutch F-16 fighter jets intercepted a Russian transport aircraft in Estonian and Lithuanian airspace without making a flight plan, broadcaster Nos reports.
The Netherlands has had five F-16s stationed in Poland since the beginning of September and this is the first time they have been called into action. The planes are stationed there as part of a Nato mission to monitor airspace in the region.
Russian president Vladimir Putin is showing off Russia's economic, political and military superiority, Hennis said, referring to its ‘destabilising performance in eastern Ukraine'.
Russia is increasingly active in northwest European waters and airspace, they said. ‘I don't think we are being threatened territorially but it is irritating and unnecessary,' they said.
The Vancouver Canucks have been selling themselves as contenders for a long time. As we approach the 2016-17 NHL trade deadline, it appears it is finally time for the Canucks to sell their roster pieces as rentals to the real contenders.
As recently as two seasons ago the Canucks were a 101-point team, finishing fifth in the Western Conference and considered a decent threat to make some noise in the playoffs. Their 48-29-5 record that season was similar to the 48-28-6 posted by the eventual Stanley Cup Champion Chicago Blackhawks. Unfortunately, Vancouver was upset by the Calgary Flames in the opening round and they've been in an accelerating downward spiral ever since.
Both of the Sedin twins were still 70-plus point players and they had adequate depth beyond that with the likes of Radim Vrbata scoring 30 goals, and four other forwards topping the 30-point plateau. They also featured a balanced defence corps with four blue liners posting 20-plus points. The offensive distribution had them finish the year ranked sixth in NHL scoring, averaging 2.95 goals for per game.
That spread in production and elite top-end talent obscured the problem on the horizon, though, as the team's age has shown ever since. The Canucks' top line had three skaters who were all over 33. Eight out of their top 10 scorers were 28 or older, and 26-year-olds Nick Bonino and Shawn Matthias weren't destined to stick around. Bo Horvat and Linden Vey were the only regular skaters with 60-plus games played for the Canucks that year under the age of 25.
Fast forward to 2016-17 and the Sedins are now pushing 37, Alexandre Burrows is 35, Loui Eriksson was signed long-term prior to their 31-year-old season, and the core of the team is in decline.
Vancouver's front office seems to have made significant errors in dealing the asupervisorstioned Bonino and young defender Adam Clendening in a package to Pittsburgh to acquire Brandon Sutter, and dealing a first-round draft pick in Jared McCann to snap up physical blue liner Erik Gudbranson from Florida.
Both transactions were designed to address a perception of defensive softness — but the exchange of top-end skill for grit rarely works out in the long term. It now appears the Canucks lack depth throughout their lineup and there is a valid concern about who will pick up the slack as the Sedins and the surrounding core fade with age.
The core of the most competitive NHL clubs typically have an age range right in the sweet spot — usually between 24 and 30. Players tend to peak in terms of offensive production sometime between the ages of 24 and 26, then decline marginally until their age-30 season. Any cursory examination of Vancouver's players in the 24-30 age range for next season should make it clear there is significant cause for concern.
*data courtesy CapFriendly.com*
The only top-end talent amongst that core age group of skaters is Chris Tanev and their value is almost entirely defensive. It seems inconceivable that any NHL management group would consider this roster competitive. The highlighted core exhibits very little in the way of top-nine offensive depth and beyond Tanev and Ben Hutton most of their blue liners would struggle to be in the top-four anywhere else in the NHL.
At the younger end of things Horvat is developing nicely at the age of 21, while Troy Stecher and Nikita Tryamkin have shown themselves to be at least capable of playing in the NHL as 22 year olds. Brock Boeser is an elite 20-year-old scoring winger developing at the University of North Dakota who hopefully joins the Canucks sooner rather than later. Olli Juolevi was selected fifth overall in last year's draft and the six-foot-three, strong skating, Finnish blue liner is honing their craft in the OHL with the London Knights. Again, they hopefully make the leap to the NHL sooner rather than later. Additionally, the hope in Vancouver is that the likes of Jordan Subban and Thatcher Demko make the jump from Utica.
The Canucks appear destined to wander in the wilderness for a few more years if they can't make significant skill upgrades via free agency — a prospect that appears unlikely given the talent available this off-season. Following Friday's announcement that Patrik Berglund had re-signed with the Blues, the landscape has shifted slightly when we examine the top bargain value UFAs who are under the age of 30.
*data courtesy CapFriendly.com and @DTMAboutHeart*
The valuation indicated is based on 2016-17 cap hit, Total Expected Plus-Minus Impact, and an age factor to account for potential physical decline effects. In this case the further beyond 26 a player's age is, the more likely they are to show a significant decline year over year. Thus we can adjust their valuation downwards to reflect that potential.
While there are a few potential bargains to keep tabs on as the summer approaches, Vancouver's main objective needs to be to shift towards rebuilding through the draft by acquiring as many picks as possible. They currently are without their 2017 fifth and sixth round draft picks, and thus only have five selections in the upcoming draft. In the seemingly random boom vs. bust lottery that is the second through seventh rounds of the NHL Draft, simple probability should make it obvious that it is hard to win when you only have four tickets out of the 186 available.
Despite the Canucks' limited trade options, they should be willing to consider parting with any roster player who is 25 or older than none of those players are likely to still be around as a core component when the team returns to competitiveness. Dealing Burrows and Hansen is beyond obvious at this point, and it seems exceedingly unlikely any other club would take on the contracts of Edler, Sutter or Eriksson.
That leads us to conversations centred around dealing the likes of Tanev, Sbisa and Gudbranson. Tanev would fetch the most on the open market, particularly as they are on an affordable contract ($4.45 million) for three years past this season. Sbisa and Gudbranson are both perceived as “shut down” type defenders and there is likely a home to be found for both.
However they proceed, the Canucks should be worrying far less about convincing themselves or their fan base that they will be competing for a Stanley Cup next season and instead focus on how competitive they are in two-to-three years when their future core is on the rise.
The longer they sift through patchwork attempts to fill in gaps on the current roster, the more unlikely they are to return to competitiveness.
Judge Chin acknowledged that “the creation of a universal digital library would benefit many,” but said that the proposed agreement was “not fair, adequate and reasonable.” They left open the possibility that a substantially revised agreement could pass legal muster. Judge Chin was recently elevated to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, but handled the case as a district court judge.
The decision is also a setback for the Authors Guild and the Association of American Publishers, which sued Google in 2005 over its book-scanning project. After two years of painstaking negotiations, the authors, publishers and Google signed a sweeping settlement that would have brought millions of printed works into the digital age.
Photo
The deal turned Google, the authors and the publishers into allies instead of opponents. Together, they mounted a defense of the agreement against an increasingly vocal chorus of opponents that included Google rivals like Amazon and Microsoft , as well as academics, some authors, copyright experts, the Justice Department and foreign governments.
Now the author and publisher groups have to decide whether to resume their copyright case against Google, drop it or try to negotiate a new settlement.
Paul Aiken, executive director of the Authors Guild, said in an interview that it was too early to tell what the next step would be. “The judge did expressly leave the door open for a revised settlement,” they said.
Hilary Ware, managing counsel at Google, said in a statement that the decision was “clearly disappointing,” adding: “Like many others, we believe this agreement has the potential to open up access to millions of books that are currently hard to find in the U.S. today.” The company would not comment further.
Google has already scanned some 15 million books. The entire text of books whose copyrights have expired are available through Google's Book Search service. It shows up to 20 percent of copyrighted titles that it has licensed from publishers, and only snippets of copyrighted titles for which it has no license.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The settlement would have allowed it to go much further, making millions of out-of-print books broadly available online and selling access to them. It would have given authors and publishers new ways to earn money from digital copies of their works.
Yet the deal faced strong opposition. Among the most persistent objections, raised by the Justice Department and others, were concerns that it would have given Google exclusive rights to profit from millions of so-called orphan works, books whose rights holders are unknown or cannot be found. They also said no other company would be able to build a comparable library, leaving Google free to charge high prices for its collection. And some critics said the exclusive access to millions of books would help cement Google's grip on the Internet search market.
Judge Chin largely agreed with the critics on those points. But they suggested that substantial objections would be eliminated if the settlement applied only to books whose authors or copyright owners would explicitly “opt in” to its terms.
Photo
When the Justice Department suggested as much last year during a court hearing, Google rejected the idea as unworkable. It would leave millions of orphan works out of the agreement and out of Google's digital library, greatly diminishing its value to Google and to the public.
“Opt-in doesn't look all that different from ordinary licensing deals that publishers do all the time,” said James Grimmelmann, a professor at New York Law School who has studied the legal aspects of the agreement. “That's why this has been such a big deal — the settlement could have meant orphan books being made available again. This is basically going back to status quo, and orphan books won't be available.”
Some longtime opponents of the settlement hailed the decision, saying that they hoped it would prompt Congress to tackle legislation that would make orphan works accessible.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“Even though it is efficient for Google to make all the books available, the orphan works and unclaimed books problem should be addressed by Congress, not by the private settlement of a lawsuit,” said Pamela Samuelson, a copyright expert at the University of California, Berkeley who helped organize efforts to block the agreement.
Gina Talamona, a Justice Department spokesperson, said in a statement that the court had reached the “right result.”
A group of publishers said they were disappointed by the decision, but believed that it provided “clear guidance” on the changes necessary for the settlement to be approved.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
John Sargent, the chief executive of Macmillan, spoke on behalf of the publishers, which included Penguin Group USA, McGraw-Hill , Pearson Education, Simon & Schuster and John Wiley & Sons .
“The publisher plaintiffs are prepared to enter into a narrower settlement along those lines to take advantage of its groundbreaking opportunities,” Mr. Sargent said in a statement. “We hope the other parties will do so as well.”
They added: “The publisher plaintiffs are prepared to modify the settlement agreement to gain approval. We plan to work together with Google, the Authors Guild and others to overcome the objections raised by the court and promote the fundamental principle behind our lawsuit, that copyrighted content cannot be used without the permission of the owner, or outside the law.”
As the Doctor-before-last, David Tennant has been the most strongly rumoured (and, arguably, the most yearned for) of all the previous Time Lords to appear in this year's Doctor Who 50th anniversary celebrations. And without giving anything away, Tennant themselves has always seemed quietly confident that they will be involved.
Advertisement
So it's a bit of a surprise to hear the Tenth Doctor admit they are “beginning to give up hope that anything's going to happen”.
But if showrunner Steven Moffat is yet to get in touch about the half-century celebrations, at least it appears Tennant is still interested in being involved – even if they admit there are downsides to the notoriety that comes with Doctor Who.
“You can't ever shrug it off,” Tennant told Time Out. “Sometimes it's a really lovely thing – even people who don't watch the show love the idea of it. But you can't switch it off when you're buying a coffee and want to get home quickly, and five kids want a photograph taken.
Advertisement
“That makes it sound like a trial,” added the actor, “and it's not, but you can't choose it. It's part of the deal and it changes the practicalities of your life.”
Protest camp set up in Fylde area as locals and campaigning groups prepare for mass action on Sunday
Several hundred anti-fracking protesters have taken over a field near a proposed exploration site for shale gas in the Fylde area, east of Blackpool.
The “No Dash for Gas – Reclaim The Power” camp has positioned itself close to one of two planned drill sites by energy firm Cuadrilla and is expected to remain for six days.
Inga Wilde, a campaigner at the camp said: “Blackpool is the first location for fracking in the UK, the first test site. So we'd like to stop fracking here and fracking everywhere else in the country.”
Last summer the same group occupied a site near Balcombe village in West Sussex, stopping Cuadrilla's test drilling for oil.
There were dozens of arrests, largely for obstructing a highway to stop lorries reaching Cuadrilla's site, and Sussex police mounted a huge operation at an estimated cost of £4m.
Wilde, who also occupied the Balcombe site, said: “We're against fracking because of the local and potential environmental and health impacts. It threatens to pollute the water and air.
“New gas will not make energy more affordable. There are thousands of people in the UK dying from fuel poverty, but fracking will not solve that problem. It won't bring the bills down. What we need is renewable, sustainable and democratic energy systems.”
A Cuadrilla spokesperson said: “We believe there is absolutely no requirement and little local support for the protest and the illegal occupation of land being farmed by a local farmer, disrupting their business and family in the process. We understand the landowner is in the process of instructing lawyers to commence legal proceedings to recover possession of their land.
“Lancashire county council's consultation process is ongoing concerning our two planning applications for shale gas exploration. This is a thorough, transparent and democratic process which gives people ample opportunity to make their views known to the decision makers in the council. There is no democratic mandate for this kind of illegal protest nor for the associated threatened ‘direct action' against local businesses.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Protesters set up camps at Westby near Blackpool. Up to 1,000 activists are expected to take part in mass action on Sunday. Photograph: Christopher Furlong/Getty Images
A spokesperson for Lancashire police said they were aware of the protest. “In line with their duty to facilitate peaceful protest, the police will seek to work with protesters and local residents with the aim of ensuring any event is safe and peaceful.”
Lancashire was the first and is currently the only county where hydraulic fracturing has taken place. The process involves pumping chemicals and water underground at high pressure to create tiny fractures in shale rock in order to release the gas trapped within.
Operations were halted in 2011 after two earthquakes, but the restrictions were lifted at the end of 2012, paving the way for the new planning applications that Cuadrilla submitted to Lancashire council in May this year. A decision is expected before December.
on
Vincent Pochon on The Big Island
The (Big) Island is a legendary compression problem located in Fontainebleau, France. It features a prow-like roof that climbers must hug with arms and legs to create enough friction to stick to the rock.
The last great problem in the forest
The first ascent of The Island was done by Dave Graham in 2008. The problem had been shown to them years before and described as “the last great problem in the forest” (people have been climbing in Font since the 19th century and the chances of discovering good new lines is way thinner compared to relatively new areas like Rocklands or the Grampians).
After the first ascent, Graham proposed the grade of 8C | V15. Since then many others have climbed The Island and it seems the consensus is that the problem more on the 8B+ | V14 side (translation: it's “just” extremely hard).
Here's an excerpt of the film The Players, courtesy of BS Productions, featuring the first ascent:
Dave Graham – The Island V15 from BS Productions on Vimeo.
The Island vs The Big Island
So… if that's The Island what's with The “Big” Island?
The Big Island is a low start to The Island, it adds two moves to the sequence done by Graham and the first ascent was done by Vincent Pochon in 2009. The Big Island is still a standing start (some say a sit-start is possible but no one has done it yet) and it is considered 8C | V15.
Here's Pochon sending The Big Island:
The Big Island 8C from Grimpeabloc on Vimeo.
Why was anyone tempted to add two moves to what was already an amazing boulder problem? Because the original starting position was seen as “unnatural” by some. As can be seen in the video of the first ascent, Graham started by pushing themselves into the wall, with their left elbow pressing on a nearby rock. Some climbers thought it would be possible (and desirable) to start standing on the ground right beneath the boulder. In fact, by the time Graham did the First Ascent, Pochon had already started projecting what eventually became The Big Island.
(click to enlarge)
Comparison of the starting holds to The Island (left) and The Big Island (right). On The Big Island the left hand starts where Graham put their right hand and the right hand is slightly lower than Graham's right foot.
One video to explain it all
In 2011 a video about “the bouldering game” was released. It tries to explain, among other things, the paradox of bouldering, where everyone can set their own rules and define their own problems while, at the same time, there's a lot of fuel being burned about ethics, where to start a problem, who climbed what, how they climbed it, what grade it is and so on.
To exemplify that, the video describes the issue with The (Big) Island, it's two first ascents and the starting positions. An interesting reflection to extract from the video is that had The Big Island existed before, no one would have started from the rock (therefore The Island would not exist).
Here's the video:
As always the question lurking in the background is “Does any of this matter?”. I guess it doesn't really matter. But some people (like me!) find this stuff interesting and I think as long as don't lose perspective and get carried away by this (to some extent) pointless details it's all good and worth talking about.
Now you know
If you started standing you've done The Big Island, if you've done it from the rock it's “simply” The Island. Don't worry, if you've done either of those you can call yourself a great boulderer and be sure you've climbed one of the most iconic boulder problems in the most famous bouldering area on Earth. So tons of credit to you, to the guys who found and cleaned the problem, to the guys who did both first ascents and to everyone that came after to perform on that amazing piece of rock (people like Nalle Hukkataival, Jan Hojer, Paul Robinson, Michelle Caminati, James Webb, Lucas Ménégatti…).
Peace!
In one of the most chilling UFO-related incidents of the year, a series of ominous lights have been seen by numerous witnesses in Turkey Sunday night, fuelling fears that a possible extraterrestrial attack might soon be taking place. The mysterious objects, which were very similar in appearance to the famous Phoenix Lights incident back in 1997, have been sighted by witnesses all over the Middle Eastern country, resulting in the hashtag #ufoattacktoturkey immediately trending on Twitter. What was particularly disturbing, however, was the fact that Twitter immediately started removing photos and tweets related to the incident hours after the hashtag trended.
Despite the apparent Twitter censorship, however, the incident has captured the attention and interest of the whole world, with thousands of netizens reposting and sharing images and videos in social media. UFO analysts have weighed in on the mass sighting, with many expressing apprehension due to the content of some videos that were uploaded by witnesses online. While some of the accounts from Turkey simply describe a conventional, harmless UFO sighting, others seemed to suggest that something far more ominous was taking place.
One of the most notable ones was uploaded by Eren Dogan, who uploaded a video allegedly taken after the lights were spotted in Turkey's sky. After a few seconds, a loud bang reminiscent of an explosion was heard, almost as if something was fired and detonated. While the validity of the video is currently being questioned by skeptics, it does, nonetheless, provide an idea behind the events of Sunday night.
Ufo saldırıları eve sıçradı , an itibarı ile eskişehir : #ufoattacktoturkey pic.twitter.com/IZcOXG7Z4g — Eren Doğan (@erendoganss) November 27, 2016
Apart from the massive explosion that was recorded on the video, another notable clip has been uploaded by YouTube user 1 Mn görüntülenme. The video, which ran for almost a full minute, showed the otherworldly lights pulsating from time to time. While the narration of the video was in Turkish, a rough translation of the uploader's words stated that authorities have been informed about the incident.
“Alright, I'm trying to zoom in to show you now. It is November 28, 2016, Sunday night. It's around 2:20 a.m. right now. The object you're seeing is in the skies of Esenler (Istanbul). I'm recording it right now. Many people like me have crowded here. We've informed the authorities and they've told us they're dealing with the situation. It is a yellow object. We suspect it's a UFO. It gives off a light and is in motion. Right now it's stationary actually but it moves position every few minutes. Very interesting.”
Various dedicated UFO investigators have taken to social media in order to aggregate the reports coming in from the Middle Eastern country. SecureTeam 10, one of the most active UFO groups on the internet, has posted images and videos depicting the mass sighting as it happened.
Inasmuch as the mass sightings in Turkey, together with the reported explosions in the area, are as eerie as they are interesting, what has captured the attention of even more UFO believers were similar reports that have begun emerging from the United States. Just as the hashtag #ufoattacktoturkey started trending on Twitter, reports from some U.S. states such as Denver and Texas emerged, describing sightings of mysterious lights that were eerily similar to the ones spotted in Turkey.
Just sighted near Jonesboro Texas – Related to #ufoattacktoturkey ? pic.twitter.com/doHbXbAJwM — Secure Team (@SecureTeam10) November 28, 2016
Unsurprisingly, the multiple UFO sighting reports from have been met with skepticism from critics. Despite this, however, numerous Twitter users have asserted that they have seen similar lights in their areas. In the comments section of the tweet above alone, some have responded that they have seen the same lights in Nashville and Mt. Juliet. Thus, while the validity of the sightings remains to be in question for now, it appears like the same, mysterious objects that were spotted in Turkey have been sighted in the United States as well.
Considering the scope of these recent sightings, as well as the possibility that some form of attack has happened in Turkey, numerous UFO aficionados have remarked that the lights might have been from secret military projects. While this is possible, it would be quite unlikely for both Turkey and the United States to hold a secret military test at the same time. For now, at least, the apparent UFO attack on Turkey will remain a mystery.
[Featured Image by breakermaximus/Shutterstock]
Fitness fan found dead under crushing bench press weights
I'm not sure how a person can be a “fan” of fitness (who is on the team? who do they play against?), but this guy is dead from bench pressing. You may remember that USC Trojan running back Stafon Johnson had a bar fall on their throat while benching; they required surgery to repair the crushing damage on their throat and larynx.
The bench press is the most dangerous lift you can perform. The bar is moving over the sensitive throat and face area, and, as you can see in the article above, people die from doing it. Here are things to keep in mind when doing it:
1. Never use a false grip
A false grip is one in which the thumbs are not wrapped around the bar; Stafon Johnson undoubtedly was using a false grip. . It's easy for the bar to slip over the edge of the heel of the palm when the thumb isn't wrapped. Always wrap your thumb around the bar for every pressing movement.
People use the false grip because it puts their wrist in a close-compacted position and feels better, but they do so because they don't know how to do it right with their thumb wrapped. I'll do a post on this in the near future. If you're using a correct grip and there are other people available…
2. Have a good spotter
A spotter is there to prevent the bar from falling on your face and throat. Note that if a false grip is used, and the bar actually drops on you (as it did Stafon), there is nothing that a spotter can do. What they can do is prevent damage on the sternum or abdominal organs if the bar is pinned on the lifter (or obviously prevent the lifter from getting pinned in the first place). If you don't trust your spotter, then get several to stand on each end of the bar. If you don't have spotters, then…
3. When lifting alone, never use collars
The idiotic globo gyms don't understand that if you're benching alone, and the bar is pinned on you, it's not easy to get it off. This is where internal organ injuries occur (there have been cases of people not knowing they injured something until the middle of the night when their internal bleeding became problematic). If the plates are un-collared, then it's easy to slide the weight off of one side and then the other to get un-pinned from the bar. The guy in the article above probably was pinned under the weight with collars on.
But they were also drunk, so it's probably not a good idea to train or lift when you've been drinking. Unless you're Chris Riley, who at one point drank a six pack and then PR'd on snatch. That is neither here nor there.
Graham Harrell is the backup quarterback for the Green Bay Packers. This off-season they trained at Accelerate Performance Enhancement Center (APEC) to put on 14 pounds of muscle in 18 weeks. The training mostly consisted of active mobility work, rotational power, and strengthening the shoulder girdle.
“The first thing we did was try to break those (mobility) barriers,” Stroupe said. “And then we tried to strengthen their body through rotation. We strengthened the rotator cuff and scapula region. A lot of the same things you'd do with a pitcher, but we did a lot of it in motion because he's always moving when he's throwing as opposed to a pitcher.”
They did weight training three times a week and speed training twice a week. Each session started with about 45 minutes of “lunging, stretching, and functional movement”. This is what I'm summing up as “active mobility” work. Their weight training had a shoulder emphasis, and it included them using rowing machines and high pulls — even rowing “six plates”.
Whatever they had them do, it made them noticeably bigger to their teammates and coaches, increased the velocity on their passes, improved their foot work, and helped them gain 14 pounds of lean mass. This is important for a professional athlete, especially a quarterback. It's easy for us as lifters to look at a program and pick it apart because it doesn't have squats, presses, or power cleans. But high level performers need to be specifically trained to improve their ability at performing at a high level. Furthermore, various sport positions need to be trained differently than other positions. We don't have Harrell's program sitting in front of us, but we already know it worked.
There's a lot of stupid shit out there, and there might even be parts of various programs that we think could be different or better, but let's not ignore when something has a lot of success. I admire Harrell's work ethic because some NFL players won't significantly improve their physical capability year-to-year. When a quarterback is labeled as having a weak arm, the media acts like it's something they can't ever improve. I hope Harrell proves them wrong this year.
hidden
Intel, the world's largest chipmaker, on Saturday announced a fellowship of Rs 5.7 lakh to enhance PhD programmes and boost quality research in India.
The Intel PhD sponsorship programme will provide research opportunities for students in cutting edge technology and a platform for sharing industry knowledge and mentoring from senior technology leaders at the chipmaker, the company said in a release.
Selected candidates will be awarded a fellowship of up to Rs 5.7 lakh for a period of up to four years and includes student stipend, contingency research and a travel grant to attend conferences and research forums.
The programme will provide the best in industry fellowships, research travel grants and contingency grants to selected students, it added.
It is part of Intel's higher education programme and will be available for eligible students from the academic year starting July 2014.
The higher education programme builds collaboration with engineering and research institutions, universities and the government, reaching more than 235,000 students and 4,500 faculties across 550 institutions to date. It is aimed at bridging the gap between academia and industry standards and promoting innovation and entrepreneurship.
Globally, the fellowship programme was started in the early 1990s by Intel co-founder Gordon Moore to recognise and honour top students pioneering research in all areas that would benefit humankind.
Intel India will share details of research areas, application process and fellowship benefits with selected technology institutions in order for them to nominate deserving PhD candidates for the fellowship.
A research committee at Intel will evaluate candidates on the basis of research areas, engineering and research goals of the PhD thesis and novelty in addressing a problem.
PTI
Tech2 is now on WhatsApp. For all the buzz on the latest tech and science, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Tech2.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Something happened in Parliament that might interest you.
On 7 June, MPs asked the government about the decision not to commission and fund Pre-Exposure Prophylaxis (PrEP) for adults at risk of contracting HIV.
How to find out what was said:
You can watch the question and the government's response on Parliament TV: http://parliamentlive.tv/event/index/102bac9f-ce3a-493a-82a7-0f2853659c64?in=12:37:53
You can read the question and the government's response on the Hansard website: https://hansard.parliament.uk/commons/2016-06-07/debates/16060731000002/NHSCommissioning(Pre-ExposureProphylaxis)
Who was involved:
Andrew Gwynne MP asked the question. Jane Ellison MP, the Government Minister for Public Health, responded. Other MPs then asked questions.
Why was the question asked:
This was an "urgent question" in the House of Commons. MPs can ask the Speaker for permission to ask a government minister something which is decided to be a matter of urgent public importance. You can find out more on the Parliament website: http://www.parliament.uk/about/how/business/urgent-questions/
The low emission vehicles market in the US is growing, thanks to increasing implementation of stricter emission standards.
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) in the US has developed guidelines to help consumers understand the importance of the green vehicles and low emission cars, which is encouraging market growth at an projected CAGR of 5.13% from 2014-2019.
During the forecast period, the US market is expected to surpass 3 million sold units.
Consumers in the US have the option of multiple low emission vehicles including FFVs, PHEVs, CNG vehicles, and EVs that run on alternate fuels. In addition, there are more than 10,000 fuel stations, which provide alternative fuels, and this number is increasing with the growing demand.
Electric vehicles (EVs), whether a hybrid, plug-in hybrid, or a battery EV, are gaining popularity due to increasing environmental concerns. Growing concerns about global warming, rise in fuel prices, and the threat of depleting oil reserves have prompted the need for a more energy-efficient and eco-friendly means of transportation, especially in the area of (hybrid electric vehicles) HEVs. With the development of advanced battery technologies and onboard computer systems, HEVs have become practical, and a large number of popular models such as Honda (Civic and Insight) and Toyota (Prius) have been available since 2000, while Tesla has recently become one of the most loved cars in the United States.
The EV market in the US is the fastest growing segment of low emissions vehicles, with a large presence in both the west and east coasts. The market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 8.34% during the forecast period. The incentives provided by states in the US such as federal tax credits in the range of $2,500-$7,500, depending on the vehicle battery capacity and gross vehicle weight, propel the growth of the market.
While the EV market in the US growing at a very steady rate, the amount of units sold is still on a very small scale. Customer perception plays a crucial role in the purchase of alternate fuel vehicles, especially EVs. The US government is working in collaboration with state legislations to develop the infrastructure (charging stations) required for EVs, but many consumers are still not sure if they should buy them. Many Americans prefer conventional vehicles because of the limitations associated with the use of EVs.
However, the gap in the production and consumption of petroleum in the US has led to an increase in imports to meet the country's fuel demands, thus, increasing expenditure. An increase in oil prices has a direct impact on the prices of vehicles and if this volatility in oil prices continues, consumers in the US to should be switching to EVs at an even faster rate.
The Republican majorities in the House of Representatives and the Senate may pass a combined tax reform bill this week, which President Trump would sign, giving them a major victory before the holidays.
This may well be icing on the cake for investors riding a strong stock market since Trump's election.
To put things in perspective, we've put together a big list of stocks that have at least doubled since Election Day on Nov. 8, 2016.
Don't miss: Here's what every S&P 500 company actually pays in taxes
We began with the S&P 1500 Composite Indexes, which is made up of the large-cap S&P 500 SPX, -0.08% the S&P 400 Mid-Cap Index MID, -0.88% and the S&P Small-Cap 600 Index SML, -0.88%
From the close on Nov. 8, 2016, before Trump's surprise election victory, through Dec. 14, 2017, the S&P 1500 indexes returned 27%, with dividends reinvested. Here's how that performance has measured up against its three component indices and the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.13% :
FactSet
All of the indices have done well, but the Dow has been the runaway winner. In fact, all but two of the Dow 30 stocks have had positive total returns since the close on Nov. 8, 2016:
Here's how the 11 sectors of the S&P 1500 have performed:
S&P 1500 Index Total return - Nov. 8, 2016, through Dec. 14, 2017 Informatoin Technology 40% Financials 40% Industrials 29% Materials 27% Consumer Discretionary 26% Health Care 25% Utilities 17% Real Estate 13% Consumer Staples 11% Telecommunications 9% Energy 2% Source: FactSet
The S&P 1500 Composite Indexes actually contains 1,506 stocks, because six of the companies have two classes of common shares. Among the 1,506 stocks, 1,497 have traded since Nov. 8, 2016.
Of those 1,497 stocks, 55 have had total returns of at least 100% since the close on Nov. 8, 2016, right before Trump was elected. Here they are:
Also see: Analysts expect these large-cap U.S. stocks to rise at least 25% in 2018
There is no shame in using props. Mr. Iyengar themselves uses props. I think about how I practiced other methods of yoga in the beginning which didn't use props. When I tried my first Iyengar yoga class, the teacher had us use blocks and ropes. I didn't understand this. I thought, “I don't need props”. Now, after my many years of practice, I have an understanding of the role of props in my own practice.
Of course the first and foremost prop is the yoga mat. Originally, the ancient practice of yoga was performed on kusha grass, on plain hard earth or on the rug of a deer or tiger skin. When yoga was introduced in the West, people found it difficult to practice on carpet or wooden floors. Students found their hands and feet would slip. There is some confusion as to who actually invented the yoga mat but it seems someone started using a thin green material that was originally manufactured as carpet underlay which came in rolls from Germany. This material has gone through several evolutions and today mats are called non-skid mats, non-slip mats or sticky-mats. They certainly have made a difference in how students practice yoga.
Other props used in the Iyengar method include cotton or Mexican blankets, belts, wooden or foam blocks, chairs, benches, wall ropes, sandbags and other types of weights. Mr. Iyengar cultivated the use of props to allow all students of yoga to access the benefits of the asanas regardless of physical condition, age or years of practice. For example, if a student can't reach the floor in trikonasana, they can use a block to rest their hand on, allowing them to get the alignment and benefit of the pose until they've practiced it enough to reach the floor.
Props allow the yoga student to create the most optimal body alignment. Specific actions or poses become more accessible to those who may not be able to perform the asana because of physical limitations. Props can aid in adjusting or supporting the yoga student to work in a range of motion which is effective and most importantly safe. Sometimes a prop can highlight a particular quality, action or aspect of an asana to improve the student's personal understanding of a pose and its effects.
Props help all practitioners, even the most advanced, increase sensitivity to the balance between effort and relaxation in a pose. They can provide support so the practitioner receives the deep benefits of holding a pose for longer time periods. Props can be very helpful in enhancing the restorative or therapeutic qualities of an asana. Mr. Iyengar says allowing students to use props creates confidence. Confidence along with will power is built up with props and allows the student to more easily receive the teaching of the practice of yoga.
In my own personal practice, I really struggled with shoulder stand early on. I was unable to get on the tops of my shoulders, my neck hurt and my elbows were splayed out wide. But I didn't need at belt! Then I attended the Yoga Journal conference in Estes Park when Mr. Iyengar traveled all the way from India to speak to us. During their address, many of the senior teachers of the Iyengar method were sitting on the stage behind him. While they were speaking, Mr. Iyengar asked for someone to demonstrate shoulder stand. Patricia Walden stepped up to the front of the stage, placing their blankets in position to go up into shoulder stand. The first thing they did before kicking up was to put a belt around their elbows! After that I told myself, if Patricia Walden uses a belt for shoulder stand, so can I. I've been practicing with a belt on my elbows ever since, and using all the other marvelous props Mr. Iyengar advocates.
By Susan Abernethy
Advertisements
News > Uncategorized > The competitors for [WCS] Nordic National
The competitors for [WCS] Nordic National
This Summers big eSports event in Stockholm will assembly the best StarCraft II competitors from the Nordic region. They have fought through competitions and online tournaments to reach the StarCraft II World Championship Series Nordic Nationals. Here are the brackets they will have walk through on the 28th of July at Annexet in Stockholm.
The road to become the local hero and the champion of your country has reached the final stage for the competitors in the StarCraft II World Championship Series Nordic Nationals. The competitors are not only fighting for the glory of becoming the StarCraft II champion of their country but it's also spotting for the European Continental Finals and $30 000 at stake on the 28th of July.
Get your ticket today!
Click for large picture
The Qualified competitors are the following:
StarCraft II World Championship Series Sweden Nationals – Bracket
Players: 16 (8 via E-sport SM, 8 through online qualifiers)
Europe Finals slots: 3
Prize purse: $15,000
ThorZaiN (Terran) – Qualified through E-sport SM
viPro – (Protoss) – Qualified through E-sport SM
LaLush (Zerg) – Qualified through E-sport SM
SjoW (Terran) – Qualified through E-sport SM
Forsen (Zerg) – Qualified through E-sport SM
Naugrim (Zerg) – Qualified through E-sport SM
Cytoplasm (Zerg) – Qualified through E-sport SM
SortOf (Zerg) – Qualified through E-sport SM
Bischu (Protoss) – Online Qualifier #1
NaNiwa (Protoss) – Online Qualifier #1
MorroW (Zerg) – Online Qualifier #2
SaSe (Protoss) – Online Qualifier #2
EA (Protoss) – Online Qualifier #3
Znow (Terran) – Online Qualifier #3
StarNaN (Protoss) – Online Qualifier #4
Seiplo (Protoss) – Online Qualifier #4
StarCraft II World Championship Series Norway Nationals – Bracket
Players: 4 (through online qualifiers)
Europe Finals slots: 1
Prize purse: $5,000
Seriously (Terran) – Winner Bracket Final
Noticimus (Protoss) – Winner Bracket Final
Snute (Zerg) – Loser Bracket Final
TargA (Zerg) – Loser Bracket Final
StarCraft II World Championship Series Finland Nationals – Bracket
Players: 4 (through online qualifiers)
Europe Finals slots: 1
Prize purse: $5,000
Welmu (Protoss) – Winner Bracket Final
Naama (Terran) – Winner Bracket Final
Protosser (Zerg) – Loser Bracket Final
elfi (Protoss) – Loser Bracket Final
StarCraft II World Championship Series Denmark Nationals – Bracket
Players: 4 (through online qualifiers)
Europe Finals slots: 1
Prize purse: $5,000
BabyKnight (Protoss) – Winner Bracket Final
BlackCidy (Zerg) – Winner Bracket Final
DreamBunny (Terran) – Loser Bracket Final
CupCake (Protoss) – Loser Bracket Final
More information / previous news items about Nordic Nationals:
- Play StarCraft II Heart of the Swarm at Nordic Nationals
- See the Nordic Nationals Hype Trailer
- SteelSeries sponsors Nordic Nationals
- WCS Nordic Nationals Brackets and livestreams
- WCS Nordic Nationals Casters announced
- Official Hotel: Quality Hotel Globe
- Nordic Nationals Media partner: Aftonbladet
- SC2 WCS Nordic Nationals ticket release 09.00 July 3
- Nordic Nationals Online Qualifiers announced
- Nordic Nationals take place at Annexet
Canada: Pay-TV subs decline, revenues steady
Figures released by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission covering statistical and financial information on cable, IPTV and satellite companies for the year ending on August 31st 2015 reveal a slight decline in revenues of C$11.8 million (€8.2m/0.1 per cent) to C$8.9 billion, while expenses increased by 1.3 per cent to C$7.2 billion. As a result, the operating margin decreased to its lowest level in five years, but remained healthy at 19 per cent. These companies employed 27,244 in 2015, down 6.3 per cent from 2014.
The overall number of subscribers decreased from 11.4 million in 2014 to 11.2 million in 2015, continuing a two-year trend. However, the average total revenue per subscriber increased from C$65.25 in 2014 to C$66.08 per month in 2015. IPTV companies continued to grow reporting double-digit increases in subscribers for 2015.
Spending by television service providers on the creation and production of Canadian-made content decreased by C$38.1 million in 2015 to C$436.9 million. Of this amount, C$219.6 million was directed to the Canada Media Fund, C$64.7 million to independent funds and C$152.6 million to community channels and other sources of local content.
Quick facts
In 2015, cable and IPTV companies reported revenues of C$6.6 billion from programming services. This total represents an increase of 1.7 per cent from C$6.5 billion in 2014.
Satellite companies' revenues decreased by 5.2 per cent from C$2.4 billion in 2014 to C$2.3 billion in 2015.
The number of Canadian households that subscribed to a cable or IPTV company increased from 0.3 per cent to 8.9 million.
The number of Canadian households that subscribed to a satellite company's television service decreased by 7.2 per cent from 2.6 million to 2.4 million.
The operating margin for cable and IPTV companies increased from 15.8 per cent in 2014 to 16.1 per cent in 2015. The operating margin for the satellite companies decreased from 32 per cent in 2014 to 27.7 per cent in 2015.
Operating expenses for the cable, IPTV and satellite companies increased by 1.3 per cent from C$7.1 billion to C$7.2 billion.
In 2015, cable and IPTV companies spent over C$2.6 billion on affiliation payments for the pay and specialty services they carry. This total represents a 5.7 per cent increase compared to the C$2.5 billion spent in 2014.
Satellite companies' affiliation payments decreased by 2.9 per cent from C$809 million in 2014 to C$786 million in 2015.
Then on Halloween 1998, pausing to change out of their gorilla suit, Mr. Thorn kissed them on the lips. “I had butterflies every day of my senior year,” Ms. Hossfeld said.
They haven't been apart since that kiss — except during college. Just before they left for opposite coasts, they decided that they should start college single. But within three weeks, it was unbearable. “Neither one of us was particularly committed to the break-up,” Mr. Thorn deadpanned.
To celebrate their 730th day as a couple, Mr. Thorn, then a resident adviser at the University of California, Santa Cruz, cut out and mailed 730 paper hearts to Ms. Hossfeld's Sarah Lawrence dorm room. “There are certain supplies that every R.A. has access to,” Mr. Thorn said. “Construction paper, condoms, that gold border paper for billboards. I felt that the construction paper was the most fruitful avenue to pursue.”
After college, Mr. Thorn was living with their mother in San Francisco and trying without success to land a job in radio. Once a week though, they would drive the hour and a half to their alma mater's radio station to host “Young America,” which they started as a sophomore.
Three years later, Ms. Hossfeld was working as a paralegal at a San Francisco law firm, and Mr. Thorn was still hosting their show and still not being paid for it. They seriously doubted that they would ever make it on public radio.
“Theresa said to me, ‘Well, you don't do anything else,' ” Mr. Thorn said. “She's the main reason I'm still doing my show.”
Their father, Lee Thorn of San Francisco, likens them to a rock duo. “Theresa is the bass player and Jesse is the lead guitar,” they said. “The only reason the lead guitar can go wild is because of the bass player.”
Photo
“I love that he's so himself,” Ms. Hossfeld said. “Like they cannot be insincere.  They are not capable of it. He's so honest and straightforward about what they like and doesn't like, and what he's thinking. And that's something I admire.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In 2006, Mr. Thorn got their big break: WNYC-FM, a New York public station, picked up “Young America.” In turn, Public Radio International, a national station network, soon decided to distribute the program.
The couple moved to Los Angeles so that Ms. Hossfeld could attend Loyola Law School and Mr. Thorn could be closer to many of their guests, whom they interview in the study of the couple's apartment there. People like Jay-Z, the comedian Eric Idle, the author Nick Hornby, the singer and songwriter Nellie McKay, as well as promising comedians, actors, authors and rappers.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Now “Young America” is carried by 18 public stations and has another loyal following on the podcast version of the show. Mr. Thorn and a college pal, Jordan Morris, are the hosts of another podcast, “Jordan, Jesse GO!” As Mr. Thorn put it: “One of the overarching themes of the show is us becoming adults and coming to terms with what it means to be an adult.”
Last summer Mr. Thorn took what they call “a huge step in that direction” and proposed marriage.
“I thought, ‘What am I doing not locking this down?' ” they said. “You know what I mean? It became very clear that there was no reason not to get married. We were grown-ups now.”
Listeners of “Jordan, Jesse GO!” immediately became engaged in the couple's wedding plans. One suggested catering by In-N-Out Burger, a local chain. “Trampolines!” another proposed. Someone else offered to officiate.
Ms. Hossfeld walled themselves off from the discussion. “I don't listen to ‘Jordan, Jesse GO!' ” they said. “It's too personal and intense for me.” Still, they were happy to leave the witty brainstorming to their fiancé's public.
On that show, Mr. Thorn expressed a keen wish to have miniature donkeys known as “donks” roam about the wedding reception. Ms. Hossfeld was all for it. And the listeners were hugely enthusiastic.
But when the National Park Service made it clear that no thigh-high animals would be permitted to bray in the Golden Gate National Recreation Area, where the reception was to be held, Mr. Thorn's fun-loving listeners took action. A handful of East Coast fans handed out pro-donk fliers at the Interior Department in Washington. Listeners then e-mailed, twittered and called Mr. Thorn about every donk detail — milking the joke for weeks.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“It goes without saying that they make me laugh all the time,” Ms. Hossfeld said.
The couple were married on Aug. 9 at the Episcopal Church of St. John the Evangelist in San Francisco, where Mr. Thorn grew up. The bride's maternal grandfather Peter Allen Smith, a retired judge of State Superior Court in Marin County, Calif., married the couple before 200 people, a few “Young America” guests among them.
Later, at the Mexican-theme reception at Fort Mason in the Golden Gate Recreation Area, a taco truck drove up to cater the food. Mr. Thorn, who announced that they had made “peace with the donk situation,” was among the first to bound outside and place their order. They showed off the candy buffet they had handpicked, complete with Laffy Taffy and jelly beans.
Still, they were over the moon, as are their new in-laws, who have had a decade to note their effect on Ms. Hossfeld. “We love Jesse,” said the bride's mother, Beth Hossfeld of Mill Valley, Calif. — who, as a marriage and family counselor, has an eye for what works.
America's Radio Sweetheart, meanwhile, was as enthusiastic as only they could be. “Theresa is really the best person I've ever met,” they said. “And I've met Desmond Tutu.”
Red flagging Charles Ortel & Michael Cernovich:
Writing Your Own 'Suicide' Note...Before They Write it For You
Heads up to Charles Ortel, Mike Cernovich and other brave souls who keep digging for the truth about the Clinton Foundation: Make public your own suicide note before your never-to-be-proven killers get to register “SUICIDE” as the cause of your untimely death. Send out your own ‘Suicide' note first along the lines of: I (fill-in-the-blank) am I researching the mysterious deaths of Seth Rich, John Ashe, Peter E. Smith, Klaus Eberwein and others. I would never choose suicide as the way out of life on earth.” It wouldn't hurt to add, “nor am I the type to ever drop a barbell on my own neck.” “Ditto for wandering along alone on the streets of Washington, D.C., which should be one of the safest places to be out wandering, rather than the political quagmire it really is.” Get it notarized, gentlemen, and never stop looking over your shoulders.
Deposit all suicide notes with your lawyers, with instructions they are to be read out in the event of (God forbid!) your untimely death. Charles Ortel, a Wall Street investment banker and market analyst—who spends a great deal of their time unearthing the real financial operations of the Clinton Foundation—sent Canada Free Press an email last Winter complementing this news site and saying that they often read it. Let's hope he's reading CFP now. Suicide has become de rigueur in silencing the few with the courage to plumb the depts of the Clinton Foundation. While the mainstream media continue probing the Trump/Russia collusion story, they largely ignore two suicides in one week by Clinton would-be whistleblowers. The one arousing the most suspicion is the ‘suicide' of former Haitian government figure Klaus Eberwein: “Former Haitian government Klaus Eberwein was found dead in a motel room earlier this week from a gunshot wound to the head. The Miami-Dade medical examiner is ruling it a suicide. (Cristina Laila, Gateway Pundit, July 15, 2017). “What's suspicious about this ‘suicide'? Eberwein was set to testify against the Clinton Foundation. Interesting.
“He shot themselves in the head,” said Veronica Lamar, Miami-Dade medical examiner records supervisor. They listed their time of death at 12:19 p.m. (Miami Herald) “It's really shocking,” said Muncheez's owner Gilbert Bailly. “We grew up together; they were like family.” “Bailly said they last spoke to Eberwein, 50, two weeks ago and they were in good spirits. They were working on opening a Muncheez restaurant in Sunrise, they said. “During and after their government tenure, Eberwein faced allegations of fraud and corruption on how the agency they headed administered funds. Among the issues was FAES' oversight of shoddy construction of several schools built after Haiti's devastating Jan. 12, 2010, earthquake. “Eberwein was scheduled to appear Tuesday before the Haitian Senate's Ethics and Anti-Corruption Commission, the head of the commission, Sen. Evali√®re Beauplan confirmed. The commission is investigating the management of PetroCaribe funds, the money Haiti receives from Venezuela's discounted oil program. Klaus Eberwein Found Dead Before Testifying Against Clinton Foundation
“Strange how people associated with the Clinton's mysteriously end up dead. Several people connected to the DNC ended up dead over the summer of 2016 alone. (Daily Caller) “On July 3, 2016, Shawn Lucas and filmmaker Ricardo Villaba served the DNC Services Corp. and Chairperson Debbie Wasserman Schultz at DNC's headquarters in Washington, D.C., in the fraud class action suit against the Democrat Party on behalf of Bernie Sanders supporters. “Shawn Lucas was found dead that week. “Lucas' death followed the death of 27 year-old Democratic staffer Seth Conrad Rich who was murdered in Washington DC on July 10th. The killer or killers appear to have taken nothing from their victim, leaving behind their wallet, watch and phone. ”And on June 22, 2016, former UN official John Ashe “accidentally” crushed their own throat and died a week before they were scheduled to testify against the Clintons and Democrat Party. “John Ashe died before their court appearance. They crushed their throat… while exercising. “It's all probably just a strange coincidence, right?””
Charles Ortel said they spoke to Peter Smith the day before they reportedly committed suicide. The Wall Street analyst told the Daily Caller News Foundation there were no indications the Chicago business person and anti-Clinton political investigator was about to take their life. “He may have been a fantastic actor but I certainly didn't leave that phone call saying, ‘oh #, the guy's at the end of their rope,'” Charles Ortel, a Wall Street investment banker and market analyst, told The Daily Caller News Foundation's (TheDCNF) Investigative Group. (Richard Pollock, Daily Caller, July 14, 2017) “This does not seem like a settled story. It made perfect sense to me they might have died of natural causes, but little chance they would have killed himself,” Ortel said. “Ortel and Smith shared a common interest in the Clintons. Ortel has dug deeply into the financial operations of the Clinton Foundation. They first came to public attention in 2007 by exposing questionable accounting practices at General Electric. Ortel has similarly expressed doubts about the circumstances of Seth Rich's murder—which police have concluded was a robbery gone wrong—commending those “who are trying to discover why so many people close to the last election have died along the way.” “The difference here is that Ortel knew Smith personally. “We had countless discussions,” Ortel recalled of their relationship with Smith. “He was using their unique decades of experience in politics to offer me advice how to expose the Clinton Foundation.”
“The Chicago Tribune reported Thursday that the Minnesota death record states Smith committed suicide in a hotel room May 14. “The investigator's death came only 10 days after a Wall Street Journal interview by investigative reporter Shane Harris, who focused on Smith's attempts to locate 33,000 emails deleted by former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton before they surrendered their email server to federal authorities. “The Tribune reported that Smith was asphyxiated. “He was found with a bag over their head with a source of helium attached.” “Prior to Thursday's revelation, it was assumed the 81-year old political investigator had died of natural causes while at the Mayo Clinic. “Ortel vigorously dismissed the allegation that Smith took their own life. Ortel, who may have been the last person to speak with Smith prior to their death, told TheDCNF there were no indications the wealthy Chicago business person was about to commit suicide the next day. “It was a friendly chat,” Ortel recalled of the phone conversation that occurred May 13. “But it certainly wasn't the kind of chat where a person might go out and purchase two helium canisters and put a bag over your head. That made no sense,” Ortel said. “According to the death certificate, Smith died at 1:17 pm Central Time on Sunday, May 14. “Ortel said Smith did not appear depressed or give any hints they might be on the verge of taking their life. “Absolutely not,” Ortel said. “He was excited to learn the particulars of a project we had been discussing.” “Ortel said they were concerned about Smith's overall health and asked them about it. “On this final call, I had to ask him, saying ‘Look, I want a straight answer, are you OK heath-wise?' And they said, ‘well I've been dealing with some problems. I'm up at the Mayo Clinic.' So that's what they told me.'” “Ortel said Harris asked them during their June 30 interview if they believed Smith had died of natural causes. “After sharing information of Smith's health, “Shane and I both concluded that Peter had died of natural causes.” “Smith, 81, had a long history of investigating the Clintons. They reportedly had a hand in exposing then Gov. Bill Clinton's “Troopergate” scandal in which the future president used state troopers to guard them while they were having sex with various women. “Smith was behind an unsuccessful 2016 effort to enter the “dark Internet” to uncover Clinton's deleted emails. “He also faced criticism by some as a person who exaggerated their accomplishments and was a name dropper who claimed to have ties to powerful or famous people. “He got their jollies hanging around and saying they were close to all these famous political figures,” Ortel admitted. “Ortel did express doubts about the note Smith allegedly left behind, written in all caps, stating “NO FOUL PLAY WHATSOEVER.” “Smith reportedly wrote that they were taking their own life because of a “RECENT BAD TURN IN HEALTH SINCE JANUARY, 2017” and that their timing was related “TO LIFE INSURANCE OF $5 MILLION EXPIRING.” “Ortel said that none of the emails they received from Smith were written in all-caps. “I don't remember a single one in all cap letters,” they said. “To put that in a suicide note as many times as they did and in language that's not really professional doesn't sound like him.” “He also noted that much life insurance policies usually exclude payment to beneficiaries in the case of suicide. “He struck me as one of those deeply patriotic, motherhood and apple pie types who cared deeply about this country,” Ortel said of Smith.” Whistleblowers ‘suicided' by their killers are also buried immediately. Not just by their sorrowful loved ones but by a media who bury their passing under a mountain of “the Russians stole the election” stories. Meanwhile, being called to testify before Commissions and Congressional Hearings in Washington is getting akin to waking up to find a gory horse's head next to you in bed. Take care, and stay safe MM. Ortel and Cernovich, and while you're at it, give the same heads up to courageous videographer James O'Keefe, those the system is trying to drag into Commission and Congressional Hearings and all active truth-tellers. Tom Bauerle: Can Satellites Reprogram Voting Machines? A fervent prayer that radio talk show host Tom Bauerle and Yours Truly won't become the ‘dearly departed' following “mysterious deaths” while walking our dogs, hoisting barbells down at the gym or walking home. Bauerle is the braver of the two because they are right in the U.S., in graver danger for digging like a terrier at the truth about the satellite-reliant election equipment that may now be being “rigged” to get Hillary Clinton elected as the next U.S. president. More…
Only YOU can save CFP from Social Media Suppression. Tweet, Post, Forward, Subscribe or Bookmark us
Copyright © Canada Free Press
RSS Feed for Judi McLeod
Judi McLeod is an award-winning journalist with 30 years' experience in the print media. A former Toronto Sun columnist, they also worked for the Kingston Whig Standard. Them work has appeared on Rush Limbaugh, Newsmax.com, Drudge Report, Foxnews.com.
Older articles by Judi McLeod
Please adhere to our commenting policy to avoid being banned. As a privately owned website, we reserve the right to remove any comment and ban any user at any time.Comments that contain spam, advertising, vulgarity, threats of violence and death, racism, anti-Semitism, or personal or abusive attacks on other users may be removed and result in a ban.-- Follow these instructions on registering
Season 13 of the CBS procedural drama "NCIS" will center on the emotional roller coaster ride of Agent Leroy Jethro Gibbs (Mark Harmon) while recovering from their surgery.
TV Line reports that after getting fatally shot at the season finale, Gibbs will be undergoing "a really traumatic experience," something that will make them almost unrecognizable to those who know them well. Showrunner Gary Glasberg said that the upcoming installment will open with an explosive scene of the agent being rushed into surgery on an aircraft carrier.
According to him, dealing with an injury like that will be very difficult indeed. As with Gibbs, they will reportedly undergo psychological and physical trauma during the rehabilitation process. Glasberg cautioned the viewers that they should not be shocked to see "a changed and emotional Gibbs" in season 13.
The executive producer also disclosed in TV Fanatic that there will be "some really emotional stuff" in store for Harmon's character and that this will create an interesting twist to the plot. Meanwhile, the changes in Gibbs will also put a dent on their working relationship with Tony DiNozzo (Michael Weatherly).
Glasberg revealed that there will be some tension brewing between the two agents, as Gibbs will feel that DiNozzo is taking their position away from him. Because of their condition, DiNozzo will be forced to take their place as the leader of the team, which apparently will not go well with Gibbs.
As for DiNozzo, the showrunner teased that this season will be a pivotal period in their career. The agent will reportedly step back and evaluate what they really wants to happen in their career.
"Do they want to be the leader? Do they want to be, in essence, to become Gibbs? And that's a lot to take on and some big decisions for Tony DiNozzo," said Glasberg.
"NCIS" season 13 will kick off on Sept. 22 at 8 p.m. EST on CBS.
They planted a new church downtown. Eucharist Church has a young congregation and most weeks draws 130 or more to Sunday services held in borrowed space at First Hamilton Christian Reformed.
Kevin and Meg — you may know of their tasty sideline, Sweet Ice Snow Cones — bought 49 Murray in 2012 and have been working on the house ever since. Stripping linoleum. Raising ceilings. Knocking down a rough add-on out back.
And hidden in the walls of that structure they found hundreds and hundreds of rusty bottle caps, tattered slips from the race track and one mysterious cheque.
The Makins didn't know the history of the house when they bought it. They do now, and wonder what that cheque's about. Whoever made it out — a customer of the Royal Bank, Barton and Ottawa — won no handwriting awards.
The cheque was signed on July 9, 1930. (Not that it means anything, but Bessie Starkman was gunned down one month later.) The cheque looks to be made out for $5,000. Or is that $50,000? The Makins may frame it.
Still on the Perri file, about 18 months ago, Dundas lawyer Helen Vukotic tried to retrieve their 1930 will. It was in the hands of a Hamilton widow, whose husband had purchased it in the mid-'90s for $500 at an estate sale.
The lawyer said they represented family members of Rocco Perri and wanted to view the will. Hali Carlson, stepdaughter of the man who bought the will, said last week that it's safely stored away. "We sent a notarized copy to the lawyer in Dundas, and never heard from them again."
Vukotic hasn't gotten back to us. Carlson expects to give the will to the Hamilton Public Library. They think that's what their stepfather would have wanted.
A final note. Rocco Perri has some great-nephews in town — Domenic, Frank, Joe Perri. They say they weren't the ones going after that will.
But they are excited about a business proposition they're working on. It will incorporate their great-uncle's name and have to do with the selling of grapes. Maybe even a line of wine. Anyone for a tumbler of full-bodied Rocco red?
THE QUEEN AND KING OF PROHIBITION:
PART 1: Prohibition and the mobsters
PART 2: Socialites grow their 'business'
PART 3: A tragic affair
PART 4: The murder of Bessie
Paul Wilson's column appears Tuesdays.
PaulWilson.Hamilton@gmail.com
Twitter: @PaulWilsonInHam
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Last week Stephanie asked, “Where's Mitch McConnell?” Well, Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington has just released its fifth annual report on the 15 most corrupt members of Congress, and the good-government group has an answer: misusing their nonprofit and handing out favors to former clients and staffers.
Senate Minority Leader McConnell, the highest ranking elected Republican, is no stranger to CREW's survey of the seamy side of Washington. He's been on the list the past two years as well. This year's list features five new members: Senators Roland Burris and John Ensign; Representatives Nathan Deal, Jesse Jackson, Jr. and Pete Visclosky; and, after a two year absence, Rep. Maxine Waters.
Although Democrats outnumber Republicans on this year's list, Republicans punch well above their weight in this congressional corruption survey, with seven GOP lawmakers on the list, which can be viewed below in its entirety. The full report and individual dossiers on those named and shamed can be viewed at the special site CREW has set up to publicize its findings.
McConnell is one of only three lawmakers on CREW's list who are not currently facing a formal investigation. Which leads to a bigger question posed by annual reports like this: Why do other public servants (police officers, district attorneys, etc.) have to take a leave of absence when they are implicated in ethical violations but lawmakers like Rep. John Murtha can keep passing out the pork for years under the cloud of federal investigation?
CREW's Top 15 Most Corrupt Members of Congress
Rep. Vern Buchanan (R-Fla.)
Sen. Roland Burris (D-Ill.)
Rep. Ken Calvert (R-Calif.)
Rep. Nathan Deal (R-Ga.)
Sen. John Ensign (R-Nev.)
Rep. Jesse Jackson, Jr. (D-Ill.)
Rep. Jerry Lewis (R-Calif.)
Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.)
Rep. Alan Mollohan (D-W.Va.)
Rep. John Murtha (D-Penn.)
Rep. Charles Rangel (D-N.Y.)
Rep. Laura Richardson (D-Calif.)
Rep. Pete Visclosky (D-Ind.)
Rep. Maxine Waters (D-Calif.)
Rep. Don Young (R-Alaska)
UPDATE: Commenter Lonkie's says that asking lawmakers to step down could lead to “lots of BS investigations.” But 8 of the 12 members of Congress on CREW's list are being investigation by the Federal Elections Commission and the Department of Justice, both of which—in the post-Bush era—are supposed to be nonpartisan bodies. Lonkie's concern might be more legitimate in the case of Congressional Ethics Committee investigations. In theory, it should still be easy enough to require members to step aside only if they are under investigation by a nonpartisan body (like the FEC). Members of Congress have armies of well-trained staff that could carry on without their potentially guilty figurehead.
Use of Group Quarantine in Ebola Control — Nigeria, 2014
Cheri Grigg, DVM1,2, Ndadilnasiya E. Waziri, DVM3, Adebola T. Olayinka, MD3, John F. Vertefeuille, PhD4 (Author affiliations at end of text)
On July 20, 2014, the first known case of Ebola virus disease (Ebola) in Nigeria, in a traveler from Liberia (1), led to an outbreak that was successfully curtailed with infection control, contact tracing, isolation, and quarantine measures coordinated through an incident management system (2). During this outbreak, most contacts underwent home monitoring, which included instructions to stay home or to avoid crowded areas if staying home was not possible. However, for five contacts with high-risk exposures, group quarantine in an observation unit was preferred because the five had crowded home environments or occupations that could have resulted in a large number of community exposures if they developed Ebola.
On August 26, 2014, Nigerian authorities opened an observation unit in Lagos to function in conjunction with the Ebola isolation ward there. The observation unit housed the five quarantined asymptomatic contacts. The observation unit had eight beds in one large room, with four shared bathrooms. Additional living areas included a living room with a television and a kitchen with a microwave and refrigerator. Protocols developed for the unit required evaluation of each contact for clinical signs and symptoms of Ebola three times daily by the medical team. Quarantined contacts received instructions to avoid direct contact with each other and to avoid sharing items. Each contact was provided a pack of disinfecting wipes for use on common surfaces including door handles.
Visitors were restricted to the front porch of the unit, and food was delivered individually packaged with disposable utensils. An environmental health officer was stationed at the facility to disinfect the bathrooms after each use to minimize the potential for transmission between residents if one were to become infectious. Environmental health officers wore gloves, face masks, boots, scrubs, and aprons. Contacts housed in the unit were permitted to bring in personal items, including mobile telephones, with the understanding that if they developed symptoms of Ebola, their personal items would not be allowed to leave the facility.
Bringing exposed contacts together in group quarantine in an observation unit during an Ebola outbreak is not standard practice because the virus is only transmitted by exposure to body fluid when an infected person is symptomatic and because it is often not feasible to quarantine large populations of exposed persons in such facilities. Also, if one person in the observation unit becomes symptomatic, the 21-day observation period starts anew for each of the others based on their exposure to the newly symptomatic person. Alternatively, home monitoring of exposed, asymptomatic persons typically includes self-quarantine practices in conjunction with social distancing (i.e., avoiding crowded areas). Home monitoring of this sort minimizes both individual and public risk when effectively implemented.
In this instance, the five exposed persons could not be relied on to consistently adhere to social distancing nor to reliably report symptoms during home monitoring; thus, leaving them at home could have resulted in their coming into contact with large numbers of persons at their residence or workplace. Some resided in student dormitories, whereas others had public professions that required close contact with large numbers of persons. The observation unit allowed the contacts to be supervised to ensure that they did not come into contact with the general public, and that their health status was closely monitored.
Allowing the five identified contacts to stay in contact with the general public would have risked undermining containment efforts and spread of the virus to a third generation of patients. Before the observation unit opened, the contact tracing team had consistently maintained daily, in-person monitoring of >93% of all contacts, all of whom were traceable back to the person with the first recognized case of Ebola. The decision to use group quarantine versus home monitoring was made by balancing the practicalities of managing the observation unit effectively while simultaneously administering protocols within the observation unit to minimize risk to the persons housed there. Ultimately, none of the contacts quarantined in the observation unit developed signs of Ebola, and each of the persons were released at the conclusion of their individual, 21-day postexposure monitoring periods.
Lagos state had the resources to establish the observation unit and ensure that those observed were properly cared for. However, group quarantine of contacts in a central location might not be workable on a large scale.
1Epidemic Intelligence Service, CDC; 2Division of Healthcare Quality Promotion, National Center for Emerging and Zoonotic Infectious Diseases, CDC; 3Nigeria Field Epidemiology and Laboratory Training Programme, Abuja; 4Global Immunization Division, Center for Global Health, CDC (Corresponding author: Cheri Grigg, cgrigg@cdc.gov, 404-639-4303)
References
The Six States That Will Likely Decide The 2012 Election
Six states are likely to decide the 2012 election.
Doug Mataconis · · 19 comments
Matt Drudge, along with several conservative bloggers, is hyping the latest release of Scott Rasmussen's Daily Tracking Poll purporting to show both Mitt Romney and Rick Santorum leading President Obama in a nationwide poll. Of far more interest, I submit, is a poll that Rasmussen released yesterday showing the President leading both candidates in four states the GOP must win in order to win in November:
President Obama now holds modest leads over Mitt Romney and Rick Santorum in combined polling of key swing states Florida, North Carolina, Ohio and Virginia. The numbers mark a shift from late February when Obama was tied with both candidates in the four states. Obama is now ahead of the former Massachusetts governor 46% to 42%. Six percent (6%) prefer some other candidate in this matchup, and six percent (6%) are undecided.
We live, of course, in a country where the winner of the Presidential election is the person who gets the majority of votes in the Electoral College, not the winner of the popular vote. Among other things, that means that national polling doesn't necessarily tell us much of anything, especially as we get closer to the election in November.
In 2008, President Obama was able to win election in part because they won in states that had been traditionally Republican such as New Hampshire, Indiana, Virginia, and North Carolina , as well as picking up the still-crucial swing states of Florida and Ohio. This time around, the only way the GOP can win the Presidency is by picking up a good portion of those states, and specifically by picking up the core four states that are part of Rasmussen's poll.
When I saw this poll this morning, I immediately started playing around with various Electoral College scenarios at 270ToWin.com (a great site for political junkies, by the way) and it looks to me like, absent the unlikely event of a landslide, there is no way the GOP can win the Presidency without winning all four of these states. They can lose Iowa. They can lose New Hampshire. They can once again fail to flip New Mexico (which seems likely given their problems with the Latino vote). But, even under the most optimistic scenario there is no way they can afford to lose any one of these states. (Nevada is another state the GOP may try to flip this year but it's six Electoral Votes are unlikely to be the deciding factor in this race)
The task becomes more difficult, of course, if the GOP somehow manages to lose a state that they won in 2008. For example, John McCain won Missouri in 2008 by the narrowest of margins, just 3,903 votes. Right now, due in large part to the fact that the state has definitely shifted red in the past three years I'm going to assume that the GOP holds on to the state. Similarly, the GOP lost Indiana in 2008 for the first time since 1964 but there's plenty of reason to believe that the state will return to the Republican fold this year. If one or both of those states ends up in Obama's column, then winning the “Core Four” won't matter at all. So, perhaps it's better to say that the GOP must hold on to all of the states it won in 2008 and flip Indiana and the “Core Four.” If it doesn't do that, Barack Obama will be re-elected.
So, if you're looking for numbers to pay attention to over the coming eight months, these are the six states — Ohio, Indiana, Missouri, Virginia, North Carolina, and Florida — to keep an eye on because they're likely to decide the election.
Windows 10's updates and maintenance are following a different, better path to all prior Windows releases: one with more regular updates and quicker access to new features for those who want it, while still offering enterprises a slower pace of delivery. With the first update to the Windows 10 Technical Preview a month ago, Microsoft also enabled a two-speed update track for the million or so members of the Windows Insider program.
By default, preview users are put on the slow track. However, about 10 percent of users have put themselves on the fast track. The first (contentious) fast track release was made almost two weeks ago, and fast track users have been using it since then.
Those fast track users also revealed a variety of problem scenarios. The two big ones were the screen going black (and staying black) every time a PC was unlocked, and a blue screen of death. A pair of patches have been released to fast track users to address these issues, the second coming yesterday, and both of them seem now to be fixed.
With these fixes in place, the build is ready for wider distribution, and last night rolled out to slow channel users.
This pattern is very much the kind of thing that we see with other software that uses this kind of delivery model. Chrome's dev and beta channels, for example, receive new builds more often than the stable channel, enabling problems to be sorted before they can affect most users.
Our expectation is that the Windows Insider program will continue to run even after Windows 10 is launched. With the three announced stable release cadences (a fast consumer-oriented one, a medium business-oriented one, and a slow critical system-oriented one), and two-speed insider program, this will leave Windows users on up to five different versions of Windows 10.
This sounds daunting, but is not too different from what browser developers are doing. Firefox, for example, has its infrequently updated Extended Support Release (analogous to the business track for Windows 10), its regular stable release (equivalent to the consumer track), a beta release, and a developer release, approximately equivalent to the slow and fast insider tracks, respectively.
The biggest difference comes at the extremes. Firefox and Chrome both have nightly builds that update once or more a day. Microsoft isn't planning anything like this for Windows. But Windows has something at the opposite end, with its critical system track.
The browser developers have shown that this tiered model, with multiple versions extant in the wild, can be very effective and is a good fit for consumer software.
We were, however, a little surprised at the percentage of fast channel users. Windows 10 Technical Preview is not really suitable for day-to-day usage; it's a test operating system for early adopters, and if you're going to be an early adopter, one might expect that you'd be an early early adopter and ride in the fast lane. Microsoft says 10 percent is about what it "hoped to see."
Shocking video out of Germany shows a terrified German family investigating the aftermath of a mass stabbing carried out by "refugees" in their apartment building.
From Face of a Dying Nation:
In the night of October 2 at around 6:15 AM members of a German family from East Frisia were awakened by a mass brawl between Syrian refugees that were quartered in their apartment building. The fight escalated into a stabbing, the aftermath looks like something you'd expect from a horror movie. Two floors of the staircase were covered in blood with blood spatters on the walls and pools of blood on the floor. Their door was kicked in, the kids were terrified and hid until they left. Fortunately the family wasn't hurt, the stabbing was between the refugees themselves, who were described as intoxicated by the family. The mother recorded the incident, the family father released it on Facebook. The refugees have previously received two warnings for sexually harassing their daughter (12) as well as neighbor's daughters (6 & 9 year old), in one case pressing them against the wall and touching them on their breasts and butt. I translated the whole story:
Usually I stay out of most discussions about refugees, but we're really running out of patience here.
So, from the beginning: I live in a small city in the heart of East Frisia. It was always quiet around here, the proportion of migrants was relatively low and those that were here were quiet and friendly.
A few months ago, Syrian refugees moved into the apartment block our family lives in. They were generously received and nobody in the house had any prejudice. Then, around 6 weeks ago: The first negative incident. Our daughter (12 years old) as well as the two small daughters of our neighbors (6 and 9) were sexually harassed, pushed against the wall of the stairway and kissed against their will, as well as touched inappropriately on their breasts and butt.
Obviously we contacted the police and filed a report.
After the refugees were invited to to the police for questioning things were quiet again. For a while.
Shorty after the incident my daughter came home from playing, horrified and told me that the refugees did clear sexual gestures towards them
They smirked at them and ran their tongue between two fingers. We also reported this incident to the police.
After the refugees received their second warning it was quiet again.
But for 3 weeks, the silence has been broken again. Every weekend the refugees riot. During late hours drugs and alcohol regularly lead to brawls and stabbings.
Last night they rioted again, kicked in my door and the entire stairway was full of blood (see video).
Right about now our understanding for these people has run dry. And our beloved police is obviously powerless.
The children in the apartment building are always scared, they don't dare to walk out their own flats. It's outrageous that nothing is done against this.
PS: The video was recorded by my wife around 6:15 with their cell phone. Here's the original German source. The video has triggered mass outrage and racked up over 330,000 views in under three days.
For comparison with this video, this is one of the places where German Chancellor Angela Merkel lives:
While the German elite live in palaces which are entirely devoid of any of the migrants they've brought in, the German masses are living through a horror movie filled with sexual assaults, stabbings, shootings and terrorism.
This is what Hillary Clinton wants to bring to America.
Follow InformationLiberation on Twitter and Facebook.
Co-president Bill Shine is out at Fox News, according to a memo to network employees from 21st Century Fox and Fox News Executive Chairman Rupert Murdoch.
"Sadly, Bill Shine resigned today. I know Bill was liked and respected by everybody at Fox News," writes Murdoch.
Suzanne Scott will become president of programming, while Jay Wallace will be president of news.
"Fox News continues to break both viewing and revenue records, for which I thank you all for. I am sure we can do even better," Murdoch's memo concludes.
New York Magazine's Gabriel Sherman had first tweeted that Shine, who has been with the network since its inception, was no longer with the network "as of this morning."
BREAKING: Two sources inside Fox News say Bill Shine is out as of this morning — Gabriel Sherman (@gabrielsherman) May 1, 2017
Last week, Fox host Sean Hannity wrote in a tweet to Sherman that if Shine exited the network, it would be "the total end of FNC as we know it."
ADVERTISEMENT
Shine was named Fox News co-president along with Jack Abernethy not long after the stunning departure of former Chairman and CEO Roger Ailes last July.
Pressure was building for Fox to make more changes to its work environment after Ailes and former top-rated host Bill O'Reilly were both ousted over sexual harassment accusations.
Scott has also been with the network since its inception in 1996 and had served as senior vice president of programming and development since 2009.
Wallace, who also joined Fox News in 1996, previously served as executive vice president of news.
Abernethy remains as co-president of Fox News and CEO of Fox Television Stations, the network said.
--This report was last updated at 3:22 p.m.
I agree with them on the negative consequences of sports (leaving out the positive side entirely for this discussion), but don't think the model is "bread and circus" these days. Rome used them intentionally, while we just have them because they are good distractions and economically viable. Looking at the rise of our sports, they all came along scrounging and built themselves up.
I think the more interesting argument is that these mirrors of the old subversive practices of totalitarian governments have become automated in our culture. The media is the best example of this by far. With few exceptions they have not been controlled by the US government, but rather appear to be all the same. If I tried to design a media and a sports program and a corporate culture to strip the minds of my citizens and keep them fat and content, I couldn't possibly do a better job than what we have willingly done to ourselves.
Click to expand...
"A gentle tongue can break a bone." - Proverbs 25:15
The Berlin Wall was one of the most oppressive structures in history and was one of the last vestiges of the Cold War. The Berlin Wall had divided Berlin for almost thirty years. Rising up to fifteen feet high, it extended for 91 miles. The Wall was made of concrete, topped with barbed wire, and guarded by watchtowers, mines, and a special police force. The final generation of the Wall was lined with a smooth pipe at the top, intended to make it more difficult for escapees to scale it. It was reinforced by mesh fencing, signal fencing, anti-vehicle trenches, barbed wire, over 116 watchtowers which were strategically located to provide their marksmen with clear lines of fire, and 20 bunkers. According to official figures from the former East German government, 125 East Germans had been killed trying to cross it and escape into the West. However, prominent victims' groups claimed that 1,245 East Germans were killed in their attempt to breach the Wall. Thousands of others were captured in the attempt to escape East Germany via the Wall.
In the 1980s, East Germans began getting a taste of freedom by traveling abroad. Hungary's decision to open its borders to the West allowed East Germans to escape via Hungary. When Czechoslovakia opened its borders, thousands used this shorter route in a mass exodus for West Germany. Ronald Reagan's throwing down the gauntlet to Mikhail Gorbachev to "tear down this wall" on June 12, 1987 further invigorated the East Germans to clamor for freedom.
The Berlin Wall was not destroyed as a result of military might or the detonation of overwhelming explosive force. Rather the Berlin Wall was vanquished as a result of rumor, wishful thinking, a rashly delivered speech and flawed interpretation. It was the imprudent use of words that triggered a wave of humanity to overwhelm the East German border guards and make a thoroughfare of the Wall.
Gerd Gigerenzer summarized the events that immediately led to the destruction of the Berlin Wall in Gut Feelings: The Intelligence of the Unconscious:
On November 9, 1989, the East German government announced new guidelines for traveling outside of the country. The new guidelines only promised that the process of applying for a passport and then a visa would be accelerated. At 6:00 p.m., Gunter Schabowski, the new secretary of the East German Central Committee for Media Politics, held an hour-long press conference, only mentioning the new guidelines at the very end. An Italian journalist asked when the new regulations would be effective. Schabowski missed the government meeting where these issues had been discussed and did not know. They looked at their sheet of paper and then said "right now", immediately. At 7:00 p.m., they ended the conference.
Whereas most reporters saw little reason for excitement, an Italian journalist rushed out and, shortly afterward, their agency spread the news that "the Wall fell." This report had no backing from what Schabowski said. Simultaneously, an American reporter who did not understand German interpreted the translation of the conference as meaning that the Wall was now open, and NBC broadcast that from tomorrow morning on, East Germans could traverse the Berlin Wall without any restrictions. At 8:00 p.m., the West German TV news, under time pressure, summarized the press conference in their own words, and Schabowski was shown saying "right now, immediately." At the end of the report, the headline "East Germany Opens Border" was added. Other news agencies entered this contest in wishful thinking and mistakenly reported that the border was already open.
The rumor spread to the West German parliament in Bonn, which happened to be meeting at that time. Deeply moved, the representatives stood up and began to sing the German national anthem. The East Germans who were watching West German television were more than willing to engage in the wishful thinking seeded by the news. Thousands and soon tens of thousands of East Berliners jumped into their cars or walked to the border crossings to the West. Yet the guards had, of course, no orders to open the border. Angry citizens demanded what they believed was their new right of way and the guards first refused. Yet in the face of an avalanche of citizens physically pushing them, an officer at one crossing eventually opened the barriers, fearing that their men would otherwise be trampled to death. Soon all the crossings were open. Despite the East German government having prepared thousands of body bags and make shift concentration camps for the leaders of the freedom movement, not a shot was fired, no blood spilled.
Aquifers, underground water formations that provide water to millions of people around the world, contain water that has filtered there over hundreds of millennia. Using an atom trap built at the U.S. Department of Energy's Argonne National Laboratory to date the water in a deep South American aquifer, scientists tracked the rate at which helium pooled in the aquifers. The results suggest that helium is trickling into the aquifer from deeper underground, where it is carried to the surface with the flow of water.
The only place where helium is made on Earth is underground, where deep veins of uranium and thorium give off atoms of helium as they decay. This helium eventually makes its way to the surface, where it escapes into the atmosphere and ultimately into outer space.
The Guarani aquifer underlays large parts of South America; it supplies water to more than 15 million people. Scientists found helium pools in this aquifer and is released to the atmosphere when the water reaches the surface. Image by Marko Perendija.
Geoscientists did not know, however, exactly how this helium gets to the surface. It can filter through rock, but extremely slowly, and the amount of helium in the atmosphere doesn't match our estimates of how long that would take.
Some scientists have suggested that helium is released from deeper underground during violent tectonic events like earthquakes or even from underwater volcanoes; but others thought groundwater might be a more likely route.
Scientists knew the rate at which helium is naturally produced in the aquifer. They just needed to know how old the water was to calculate how much helium would be naturally created during that time span. If the groundwater carried more helium than the aquifers produced themselves, the source for the extra helium would be further beneath the surface.
Luckily, a group of Argonne researchers led by physicist Zheng-Tian Lu have pioneered a dating technique that uses a very rare isotope called krypton-81. Water picks up this isotope while above ground, but not while below ground; if you know how many atoms of krypton-81 remain in a sample of water, you can tell how long it's been in the aquifer. And krypton-81 can date much further back than carbon dating—up to a million years or more.
The atom trap uses lasers that vibrate at the exact same frequency as krypton-81 atoms to count individual atoms. (The team has already used it to track how fast aquifers refill and to date ice in glaciers, among other uses).
Hydrologists from the International Atomic Energy Agency and their collaborators collected samples of water from various spots around the Guarani aquifer in South America, a massive reservoir that stretches beneath Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay and Uruguay, and extracted all the dissolved gases. Then the krypton was separated out, and finally the samples came to Argonne to have their krypton-81 atoms counted.
International Atomic Energy Agency hydrologist Luis Araguas-Araguas records data as a machine extracts gases from water samples taken from the Guarani aquifer in South America. The green LED on the front panel indicates the temperature of the water (in this case, 40 . 9 °C, or 106 °F). ​ “ Generally, the deeper the groundwater, the hotter it is,” said Argonne scientist Wei Jiang, who coauthored a study to track helium as it moves from underground to the surface. Photo by Wei Jiang, Argonne National Laboratory.
The researchers found much more helium than should have been produced in the aquifer itself during the time the water spent there, which indicates that the helium has been filtering up from below and pooling in the aquifer.
“The difference in helium was a factor of 10—quite significant,” said Argonne physicist Wei Jiang, who coauthored the paper. ​“This gives us the first solid data for the groundwater scenario.”
According to the paper's rough estimate, about half of the helium produced in the crust makes its way to the surface via aquifer.
“So the helium in your party balloon has very likely been carried around in groundwater,” Lu said.
Scientists are interested in the global helium cycle because it and other gases are clues to the unseen and mostly mysterious goings-on underneath the Earth's crust.
The study's findings are also helpful to understand aquifers, which provide drinking water and irrigation to millions of people around the world, including half the population of the United States.
“The International Atomic Energy Agency works with its international partners to improve our understanding of ground water systems so that we can better protect and manage this vital freshwater resource,” said Pradeep Aggarwal, who led the study.
The work was supported by the Department of Energy's Office of Science; the development of the krypton-81 dating instrument was supported in part by the National Science Foundation.
The paper, ​“Continental degassing of helium-4 by surficial discharge of deep groundwater,” appears in the Dec. 1 online edition of Nature Geosciences. The lead author was Pradeep Aggarwal of the International Atomic Energy Agency, as well as IAEA scientists Takuya Matsumoto and Luis J. Araguas-Araguas. Other authors included Argonne physicist Peter Mueller, Reika Yokochi of the University of Chicago, Neil Sturchio of the University of Illinois-Chicago, Hung Chang and Didier Gastmans of the Universidade Estadual Paulista, Roland Purtschert of the University of Bern, and Thomas Torgersen of the National Science Foundation.
Argonne National Laboratory seeks solutions to pressing national problems in science and technology. The nation's first national laboratory, Argonne conducts leading-edge basic and applied scientific research in virtually every scientific discipline. Argonne researchers work closely with researchers from hundreds of companies, universities, and federal, state and municipal agencies to help them solve their specific problems, advance America's scientific leadership and prepare the nation for a better future. With employees from more than 60 nations, Argonne is supported by the Office of Science of the U.S. Department of Energy.
The Office of Science is the single largest supporter of basic research in the physical sciences in the United States, and is working to address some of the most pressing challenges of our time. For more information, please visit sci​ence​.ener​gy​.gov.
U.S. retail sales of video games fell 25 percent year-over-year for the month of October, according to research firm NPD. Sales dropped from $1 billion to $775 million. Hardware saw the biggest drop, nearly 37 percent from last year.
“While we saw declines in hardware unit sales across all platforms year-over-year, when looking at average sales per week versus September, several consoles realized higher sales: the 360, PS3, NDS and 3DS," said NPD analyst Liam Callahan.
"This is a sign of increasing momentum as we move into the holiday season.” Microsoft said sales of Xbox 360 reached 270,000. Sony and Nintendo did not disclose U.S. sales for October at this time.
Bethesda's new title Dishonored sold 460,200 units while 2K's XCOM: Enemy Unknown sold 114,000 units. "Due to the launch of Pokémon Black 2 and Pokémon While 2, portable software sales increased by 37% from last October," Callahan added. "However, this growth was not enough to offset declines in console software.”
Below are the high-selling games at retail in the U.S. for the month:
NBA 2K13 (360, PS3, Wii, PSP, PC)** Resident Evil 6 (360, PS3)** Pokémon Black Version 2 (NDS) Dishonored (360, PS3, PC) Pokémon White Version 2 (NDS) Madden NFL 13 (360, PS3, Wii, PSV) FIFA Soccer 13 (360, PS3, Wii, PSV, 3DS, PSP) Medal of Honor: Warfighter (360, PS3, PC) Borderlands 2 (360, PS3, PC)** Skylander Giants (Wii, 360, PS3, 3DS)**
**(includes CE, GOTY editions, bundles, etc. but not those bundled with hardware)
As the EU Social Summit for Fair Jobs and Growth opens in Gothenburg, Norway is inviting the European Union to strengthen cross-border collaboration to stop the networks that illegally exploit workers, distort competition and undermine social structures, writes Erna Solberg.
Erna Solberg is Prime Minister of Norway.
Work-related crime is growing in scope at home and across the continent as criminals exploit gaps in regulation and communication. Their offences run the gamut from systematic tax and customs violations to corruption, bankruptcy fraud, money laundering, currency smuggling, human trafficking, social benefits fraud, identity fraud, false filings in public registries and illegal wage and labour practices.
The shadowy networks that are often responsible move quickly between countries and are hard for national agencies to detect. Europe as a whole must combat their odious practices and ensure that the flow of labour between countries is orderly and productive. We must work together to impose rules that transcend sectors and national boundaries.
In advance of the Social Summit for Fair Jobs and Growth, in Gothenburg on 17 November, I have presented the European Commission with a report and 10 specific proposals for cracking down on work-related crimes involving cross-border mobility.
One proposal is to adopt a comprehensive European strategy to be implemented in cooperation with labour and employer organisations. It seems appropriate to view such a strategy in conjunction with European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker's recent initiative to set up a European Labour Authority.
Commission wants new EU labour authority to crack down on worker abuse European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker wants to set up a new EU institution to monitor how labour law is applied in member states. The Commission will outline its plans for the supervisory authority by the end of 2018.
Norway's other proposals call for expanded interaction between national control agencies, more and better information sharing, updated registries and stricter ID control of border-crossing workers.
We would also like to invite another European country to participate in a pilot project in which our law enforcement agencies, tax authorities, social welfare administrations and labour inspectorates would team up to expose and prosecute work-related crime.
As a full member of the Internal Market, we collaborate with all EU member states to address common challenges. Norway is an active participant in the new European platform to address undeclared work, and our Labour Inspection Authority is now signing agreements with its counterparts in Lithuania, Poland, Bulgaria and Romania to arrange joint workplace inspections and exchanges of inspectors.
I have been pleased to see President Juncker highlighting the need for more fairness in the world of work. French President Emmanuel Macron, for their part, has called on the EU to halt what is often perceived as internal competition – when a country's lower middle class feels underbid by workers from other countries travelling there to work. According to Macron, the perception of unhealthy labour competition was a major reason the UK voted to leave the EU. Clearly, a well-functioning labour market is as important to all of us.
It is vital that governments, labour unions and employers stay united in seeking to make life easier for legitimate operators and harder for those who wilfully break the law. Robust collaboration between public agencies is a key to the Norwegian approach. We have even built joint operation centres where the labour inspectorate, police, tax authorities and social services administration are co-located to combat work-related crime.
A guidebook listing the information that each Norwegian agency is permitted to share could serve as a model for a similar European-level manual. A guide to the types of information already available in open national registries should also be provided to agencies across Europe.
Forged ID documents and the misuse of genuine ID documents are a threat to security everywhere. But they also fuel work-related crime and human trafficking. When the people operating an enterprise cannot be located or identified, the result is often abuse and exploitation of workers. In Norway, we sometimes see bogus identities entered into official registries. All European countries should introduce mandatory ID checks when enterprises are established. We should also work together to make ID documents more secure and to ensure that each person uses a single identity within Europe.
In all, the Norwegian government has enacted 25 measures to counter illicit schemes which if unchecked could undermine confidence in our labour markets and social safety net. Thanks to better information flow, more frequent unannounced inspections at job sites and stricter penalties, we are putting more and more criminal operators and exploitative enterprises out of action.
Our proposals to the European Commission have one element in common: information sharing between agencies. But let us also reach out to businesses and their workers with hard-hitting information campaigns. We have seen many examples of unscrupulous employers deliberately recruiting foreign workers who do not know their rights and obligations.
Workers should know when they are being victimised. And the organised criminals exploiting freedom of movement in Europe should know we are coming for them.
When new employment figures were released Friday, they looked pretty good for President Trump. About 235,000 jobs were added to the U.S. economy in February, per the Bureau of Labor Statistics. And while it's hard to say how many of those new jobs are attributable to Trump's policies, there's no question it's a positive bit of PR for their administration.
But during the election campaign, Trump dismissed those same statistics as “phony,” saying in February 2016: “Don't believe those phony numbers when you hear 4.9 and 5 percent unemployment. The number's probably 28, 29, as high as 35. In fact, I even heard recently 42 percent.”
So which is it — are they phony numbers or are they real? And is the unemployment rate — listed at 4.7 percent in Friday's report — really over 40 percent? (Hint: The jobs report is real, as are the statistics it presents.)
White House press secretary Sean Spicer had an answer ready for that question. And they couldn't deliver it without laughing.
"I talked to the president prior to this, and they said to quote them very clearly, 'They may have been phony in the past, but it's very real now,'" press secretary Sean Spicer said on March 10, about Trump's reaction to the jobs report in light of their past criticism. (Reuters)
Reporters laughed, too. It was perhaps a tacit admission from Spicer that Trump's campaign trail rhetoric was just that, language used to rile up supporters and bash President Barack Obama.
But it also summed up a problem Spicer faces pretty regularly: a credibility gap with reporters. Their credibility has been strained since Day One on the job, when they presented “alternative facts” about the size of the crowd at their boss's inauguration (a term coined by their co-worker Kellyanne Conway).
The president regularly labels information they don't like as “fake” or “phony,” but they seem willing to change their mind quickly when that information suddenly looks good for him. And that's why the whole room erupted in laughter Friday when Spicer told reporters that the jobs report “may have been phony in the past, but it's very real now.”
Various sources of cheap imported components have started stocking a 100W chip-on-board LED module for quite a reasonable price. With a few extra off the shelf modules it's possible to create a 8500 lumens portable torch capable of setting paper on fire at close range. Fuck. Yeah.
Beam Shots
This shot shows a side by side comparison of an unlit and lit scene with the camera settings kept the same between the photos.
Parts List
Most of the parts can be found in a number of places. I used DealExtreme & HobbyKing to source the majority of mine. Not included in this list is the price for the case as the cost of laser cutting parts can vary and i probably wouldn't recommend copying it directly as it could probably do with a few tweaks.
Total : £55.05
The above choice of parts will give a run time of around 20mins. This can be extended by choosing a larger battery. I also chose a warm colored (3050K) LED, for photography or filming it might be better to go with one of the many 6500K 100W LED's.
Circuit
The circuit for this is very straight forward. It's just a matter of wiring up a couple of modules. The following image shows the circuit diagram.
Before wiring everything up it is a good idea to preset the step-up converter to a safe voltage. To do this connects a bench-top powers supply to the input of the module and a voltmeter to the output. Adjust the potentiometers on the board until the voltmeter reads roughly 30V (or a couple of volts below the rated voltage of your LED).
When wiring up the rest of the circuit make sure to use heavy gage wire for all the high current carrying wires, and make sure to not power everything on until the LED is firmly attached to the heat-sink. To do this i drilled and tapped some holes into the heat-sink matching the LED's mounting holes, making sure to apply thermal paste before firmly bolting the LED down.
When everything is wired up power the LED and check the following:
No smoke/fire.
Fan is running.
Battery is not getting warm.
Heat-sink is not too hot to touch.
If everything is running OK remove the battery and run the circuit from a bench-top power supply. Place a multimeter across the LED's terminals and slowly increase the voltage from the boost converter to just below the rated voltage of the LED. As you do this keep an eye on the current and voltage readings from your bench-top supply making sure that the total power (voltage x current) doesn't exceed 100W. I run mine at around 60W~70W total power usage as there seemed to be diminishing returns in brightness above this.
Case
The case was modeled in LibreCAD & OpenSCAD. A collection of design files for the torch can be downloaded here.
My usual work-flow is to design the flat parts to be laser-cut in LibreCAD then import them into OpenSCAD and model any other parts in the design to make sure they all fit together in 3 dimensions.
Aluminum angle was used to protect the edges of the case and a number of small 3Ds printed L shaped brackets were used to hold the rear of the case on. In the following photo a set of bolts with wing-nuts glued on to them can be seen which screw into the L shaped brackets. These bolts allow the rear of the torch to bee asily open-able for re-charging the battery..
The last notable feature of the case is an unusual bracket for holding the heat-sink & LED onto the front of the torch. I went with this strange string fixing because it was the simplest reusable attachment i could come up with for all the awkward angles of the heat-sink.
Conclusion
For the time spent building this and the use I've had out of it this has been one of the best projects I've worked on. It brings the sun with you wherever you go.
Image copyright vladimir_n Image caption Lasers help generate a quantum state that changes when anyone eavesdrops on it
China has successfully sent "hack-proof" messages from a satellite to Earth for the first time.
The Micius satellite beamed messages to two mountain-top receiving stations 645 km (400 miles) and 1,200 km away.
The message was protected by exploiting quantum physics, which says any attempt to eavesdrop on it would make detectable changes.
Using satellites avoids some limitations that ground-based systems introduce into quantum communication.
Weak signals
Complicated optics on the Chinese satellite protect messages with entangled photons - sub-atomic particles of light manipulated so that some of their key properties are dependent on each other.
The curious laws of the quantum realm dictate that any attempt to measure these key properties irrevocably changes them. By encoding a key to encrypt data using entangled photons, it becomes possible to send messages confident that they have reached a recipient free of interference.
Ground-based encryption systems that use entangled photons have been available for years. However, the maximum distance over which messages can be sent securely is about 200km. This is because the fibre-optic cables through which they travel gradually weaken the signals.
Repeater stations can boost distances but that introduces weak points that attackers may target to scoop up messages.
By contrast, laser signals sent through the atmosphere or via satellites in space can travel much further before being weakened.
Image copyright kynny Image caption Signals sent over fibre-optic cables have to be boosted to make it over very long distances
Data transmission rates possible with satellites are about 20 orders of magnitude more efficient that fibre-optic cables, Jianwei Pan, lead scientist on the Chinese project, told Reuters.
"That, for instance, can meet the demand of making an absolute safe phone call or transmitting a large amount of bank data," they said.
The Micius test was one of several experiments "bringing the concept of a global quantum internet closer to fruition", wrote Robert Bedington, Juan Miguel Arrazola and Alexander Ling in a review article in the journal Nature.
The reviewers said many "challenges" remained to be ironed out before the technology could be widely adopted.
The Micius satellite was launched in August 2015 and the first tests of its laser-based communications system were carried out in June this year.
The satellite is named after the ancient Chinese scientist and philosopher.
China is also working to establish a large ground-based network that also uses quantum communication to protect messages.
