Last night Fox News' Hannity, Democratic Strategist Zerlina Maxwell argued that in order to stop rape, we should teach men not to rape.
Got that ladies? So long as you nicely ask your rapist to go away, they will.
Reality check: Rape is illegal (which by definition means "don't do it") and as a society we highly condemn it. This doesn't change the fact rape happens often. Luckily thanks to concealed carry, rape and other violent crime has rapidly decreased over the past few years. Maxwell is correct when they say rape often happens to someone a woman may know, but their argument boils down to "if you just ask them not to, they won't," which is asinine and false. Maxwell's comments about "not talking to women at all" but instead talking to men is also ridiculous and a typical liberal way of taking responsibility out of the hands of the individual who needs it most. Not to mention, begging and pleading with a hell-bent rapist in a parking garage or on a college campus won't stop anything, but a firearm will. Rhetoric is great in theory but in a live, dangerous situation it doesn't work to save woman's life or prevent rape.
Gwent Cards Discord Bot
We've been working hard to bring you an useful tool to add to your Gwent server. Click the button below to authorize our bot to join your Discord Server and we'll start servicing your commands.
We are currently supporting 12 simultaneous languages: English, Deutsch (German), Español (Spanish), Español LA (Latin American Spanish), Français (French), Italiano (Italian), 日本語 (Japanese), Polski (Polish), Português (Portuguese), Русский (Russian), 官话 (Chinese), 简体中文 (Chinese Taiwan).
In order to have a priority language, when a card coincidence has more than a language, the bot replies with the default chosen language (English by default).
If the admin wants to change the default bot language on their server, has to mention the bot with: "en-us" for English, "de-de" for German, "es-es" for Spanish, "es-mx" for Latin American Spanish, "fr-fr" for French, "it-it" for Italian, "ja-jp" for Japanese, "pl-pl" for Polish, "pt-br" for Portuguese, "ru-ru" for Russian, "zh-cn" for Chinese and "zh-tw" for Chinese Taiwan.
For example, in any channel of your server , write: "@Gwent-Cards es-es" to set the Spanish on your default language (just the discord server owner can execute this command).
The currently supported commands are:
[card] for reply with image, {card} for reply with only info ("card" could be a card nickname, a part of the name of a card, or an entire card name).
You can use !top10 to get the top 10 in standard ladder,
!protop10 to get the top 10 in pro ladder and
!ladder nickname to get the ladder information of a specific player.
We're always adding new functionality so keep an eye out for updates!
Under Dave Joerger, the Sacramento Kings are reforming how their offense is structured. Instead of the Dribble-Drive Offense under George Karl that emphasized isolation slashing from the perimeter, the Kings will work much of the offense through the high post. Somewhere, Rick Adelman is smiling; this is the same setup that the Kings were so successful with in the early 2000s with Chris Webber and Vlade Divac.
There are a lot of actions you can run out of the high post. My personal favorite is called the “corner split.” Here's the basic setup:
The ball is entered into a big at the high post, which is at one of the elbows inside of the three point line. Here, Tolliver has the ball. Meanwhile, two cutters execute what is called a “split cut” in the strong-side corner. A split cut is when two players move in sync with eachother, reading how the defense is playing and cutting accordingly. This creates good shots for the offense in a variety of different ways.
The split cut demands that all three players involved be on the same page and all make the same read. It's difficult to teach and implement as a coach, but its also tough to defend because It's something the defense can't scout and anticipate. A lot of teams have a play in their playbook that sets up the same way, but usually the two cutters' movement pre-scripted. Very few teams use the split cut in its pure read-and-react form. One of those teams is the Warriors, who prefer to get the ball into the low post and run the split cut at the elbow.
The elbow split is something Steve Kerr took right out of the Triangle offense. The Princeton-inspired Kings will invert that setup for the corner split, clearing space near the basket for cuts. Elston Turner, a longtime assistant of Adelman's, is an assistant for the Kings again this year, providing a direct link to that heritage.
The offense has to be modernized a bit for 2016 with some motion to disguise the corner split action, but the mechanics of the play are so similar to the old Adelman Kings.
We have very little footage of how the Kings are running the offense so far in preseason (seriously, how is this not broadcasted in some way yet), but we can see how the split cuts work by looking at old footage and how Mike Bibby and Peja Stojakovic worked with eachother by reading the defense. In this clip, the read that Bibby makes is identical to the read that Lawson made in the above clip.
There is a different reaction for every way the defense plays the situation.
From the preseason highlights I could find, the Kings have freedom to make reads based on the defense and attack accordingly in the same way.
This early in preseason, the team doesn't have the familiarity with the reads and eachother to make effective cuts every time. But even this early on, the Kings have shown a nice flow into other actions. The ball doesn't just die.
Like I said, this is one of my favorite actions in basketball. It takes skill, smarts, and teamwork to execute correctly, and a team familiar with it gets great shots more often than not. It was a big part of Adelman's corner offense during the franchise's most successful run in the Sacramento era. I'm excited to see it back.
Stay tuned for more breakdowns of the kinds of plays the Kings will run this season.
ADVERTISEMENT
On November 4, 1995, the prime minister of Israel — my prime minister, one for whom I, a dual American-Israeli citizen, had canvassed and voted — stood before a sea of supporters and with an uncharacteristic smile and their famously awful voice, sang a song of peace. A few moments later they said their goodbyes, jogged down a short flight of stairs, and was shot dead.
It didn't take most Israelis to assassinate Yitzhak Rabin. It didn't take thousands, or even a few dozen. It took one guy.
One guy who'd heard again and again that Rabin was the embodiment of evil, that they were the second coming of the Holocaust, that ancient curses should and could be revived and rained down upon their head to hasten a divinely mandated death; one guy who a month earlier had seen Benjamin Netanyahu, the then-opposition leader, acquiesce a crowd of protesters as they jostled and roiled and brayed for blood. To this day, Netanyahu denies they saw anything untoward in that mob, denies any culpability in the incitement that led to the murder of the man he'd declared a threat to the state's very existence.
Comparisons across continents, decades, and cultures are problematic. The lax security that flanked Rabin that night was nothing like what surrounds Hillary Clinton today, for instance, and in 1995 there was a very specific policy, the Oslo Peace Accords, at stake.
But as meaningful as such differences are, they don't matter much on the ground. Those who revel in calling Clinton a "bitch," who chant "lock them up!" or accuse them of treason aren't pondering the enormity of the lies they're fed. The protestations of Democrats and RINOs don't give them pause — Trump supporters know they know something I don't.
The election is already rigged; Hillary is Crooked; the country is being stolen from beneath their feet. Their freedom and possibly their lives depend on defeating them and all who support her; drastic steps aren't just justified, they're called for. This bitch wants to continue the Kenyan usurper's work? Hell. No.
As starkly horrifying as they were, Trump's "Second Amendment" comments — in which they said "the Second Amendment people" might be able to stop Clinton and "her judges," in a remark widely understood as inciting violence, an interpretation they deny — were not particularly new. They and their supporters have called for and threatened violence for months, a plain fact that both their campaign and the GOP have consistently and brazenly dismissed.
I've been here before. I watched the rallies unfold in 1995. I saw the loathing in people's eyes and their frenzied anger. And then I saw one guy take the message to its logical conclusion. I watched the vigil outside the hospital, I watched the funeral, and I watched as my country wept and mourned, denounced and recriminated, ultimately following the path that Netanyahu and those protesters had called for, rendering the peace accords effectively null. Netanyahu's party, the Likud, refused (with a few notable exceptions) to accept any responsibility; the assassin believed he'd answered the call.
I believe that where Israeli security failed, the Secret Service will succeed — just as President Obama has been kept safe, I believe (I hope, I pray) that Clinton will be too. But here's another, more important difference between Israel and the United States: America is awash with guns.
Hillary Clinton is not and has never been the extreme right's only target. Abortion provider George Tiller was murdered in 2009 by a domestic terrorist motivated by anti-abortion hate speech. Former Rep. Gabby Giffords (D-Ariz.) was shot and nearly died in 2011 after being featured on Sarah Palin's "target list"; a 9-year-old was among the six people killed that day. Just eight months ago, three people were murdered at a Planned Parenthood office by a man convinced they were avenging dead babies.
Clinton was materially endangered by Trump, but so were untold other Americans. As David S. Cohen wrote for Rolling Stone, Trump issued a dog-whistle "knowing that some dog will hear it, even though they don't know which dog" — or where, or when.
I've never recovered from Rabin's murder. It's shaped my engagement with politics more than any other single event in history — in part because it forces me to remember that there are no "single events" in history.
It only took one guy to kill Yitzhak Rabin, but that one guy didn't live in a vacuum. For months and years, Yigal Amir had been breathing a miasma of contempt and execration, odium and intimidation, all of which was aided, abetted, fomented, and forgiven by those who led their movement.
I've already said that this election has me living in fear; today, I'm more afraid than ever.
Story highlights Chris Froome says current generation have to prove that cycling is now a clean sport
Briton describes the challenge as "our burden"
2013 Tour de France winner believes questions will continue for the "foreseeable future"
Winning the Tour de France may be one of sport's toughest challenges but last year's winner Chris Froome believes the current generation of cyclists have an equally arduous task ahead of them.
Through an accident of timing, the Briton says today's best racers are constantly having to prove to the world that they are riding clean.
This is because they are unfortunate enough to follow an era where some of the biggest names in sport repeatedly shattered the illusions of cycling fans by failing doping tests.
"It's a challenge for the new generation of cyclists to be able to show people that the sport really has turned around -- and that doping is not something that's done any more," they told CNN World Sport.
"The pressure falls on us now. It's our burden but it does fall on us to tell people that the sport is no longer how it used to be."
JUST WATCHED Armstrong -- how much damage? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Armstrong -- how much damage? 01:21
JUST WATCHED Bike of glory produces winners Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Bike of glory produces winners 05:27
JUST WATCHED From township to pro cycling Replay More Videos ... MUST-WATCH From township to pro cycling 07:21
JUST WATCHED New film on downfall of Lance Armstrong Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH New film on downfall of Lance Armstrong 06:51
JUST WATCHED Cyclist: Armstrong is the greatest fraud Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Cyclist: Armstrong is the greatest fraud 05:27
The state of affairs is such that a virtuoso Froome display on the Mont Ventoux stage of the 2013 Tour did not receive wholehearted sporting acclaim but was forensically examined for evidence of cheating instead.
The whispering and rumors were only silenced when Froome's Team Sky allowed French newspaper L'Equipe to study data from 18 of the Briton's previous climbs.
"I'm glad I was able to take on the questions," Froome told CNN at the time, shortly after a sports science expert found the data to be consistent with doping-free riding.
"I know what I've done to get here and I've nothing to hide."
Nonetheless, some riders still do fall prey to the temptations of yesteryear -- as proven when Italy's Danilo Di Luca was banned from the sport for life in December after being found guilty of a third doping offense.
Two months ago, the president of the International Cycling Union (UCI) -- Brian Cookson -- created the Cycling Independent Reform Commission (CIRC) with the intention of investigating both historic doping in cycling and allegations that the UCI had been involved in previous wrongdoing.
The world governing body came under intense pressure last year after failing to detect the behavior of American Lance Armstrong, who famously won seven Tour de France races only to reveal that they had been doping throughout in an interview in January 2013.
"We can all agree that the Armstrong affair has done immense damage to our sport," Cookson, who ousted controversial leader Pat McQuaid last September, told CNN in February.
"Armstrong wants to be first through the door when the Commission is up and running, and I urge them and anyone else to participate."
With the case set to turn up the sport's unwanted past once again, the Kenyan-born Froome is realistic that the issue is one they will have to address time and again.
"It is going to be a question that is going to be asked for the foreseeable future, just because it has been such a big part of cycling and the results in cycling over the past decade," they said.
"Naturally, it's a question that we are going to have to face."
Tour of Omen?
On a personal level, the other topic that will repeatedly come their way is whether they can retain the title they won so convincingly last year.
Last month, they won the Tour of Oman -- which may prove an omen for some since Froome also won it in 2013.
However, the rider themselves is just delighted that they are in good shape to scale the many mountains -- both real and metaphorical -- heading theirs way.
"I'm in a very similar kind of condition to what I was last year just after the winter," the 28-year-old said.
"Oman is always a really good test to see how the winter training has been and how things have gone through the winter. So to come away with the title again is fantastic, a really good way to start the season."
Story highlights Massachusetts governor signs ban on "upskirting"
Law comes in response to high court ruling saying "upskirting" photos are legal
Modern-day peeping Toms in Massachusetts, the sorts who get their thrills snapping "upskirt" photos on crowded subways, now have their behavior criminalized.
Gov. Deval Patrick signed a bill Friday, according to their office, making photographing or recording video under a person's clothing -- think down a blouse or up a skirt -- a misdemeanor.
"The legislation makes the secret photographing, videotaping, or electronically surveiling of another person's sexual or other intimate parts, whether under or around a person's clothing or when a reasonable person would believe that the person's intimate parts would not be visible to the public, a crime," Patrick's office said in a prepared statement.
The crime is punishable by up 2½ years in jail or a fine of up to $5,000.
In addition, the law states that "whoever videotapes or photographs, with the intent to secretly conduct or hide such activity, the sexual or other intimate parts of a child" faces a sentence of 2½ to 5 years and up to a $5,000 fine. The law goes into effect immediately.
Lawmakers hastily drew up and passed the bill Thursday, a day after the state's highest court ruled that current laws against secretly photographing a person in a state of partial nudity don't apply to these sorts of secretive shots.
"A female passenger on a MBTA (Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority) trolley who is wearing a skirt, dress, or the like covering these parts of their body is not a person who is 'partially nude,' no matter what is or is not underneath the skirt by way of underwear or other clothing," wrote Justice Margot Botsford of the state Supreme Judicial Court.
The ruling stemmed from a case against Michael Robertson, 32, who was arrested in 2010. They were accused of using their cell phone to take pictures and record video up the skirts and dresses of women riding on the trolley, court documents say.
Complaints were filed with transit police, who then staged "a decoy operation" to catch Robertson. They promptly pointed their phone up the dress of a female officer, court documents say. They were arrested and charged with two counts of attempting to secretly photograph a person in a state of partial nudity.
Though a lower court ruled against him, Robertson found their case dismissed Wednesday -- and outraged lawmakers got to work.
"We are sending a message that to take a photo or video of a woman under their clothing is morally reprehensible and, in Massachusetts, we will put you in jail for doing it," state Senate President Therese Murray said in a prepared statement. "We will need to revisit this law again and again as technology continues to evolve and ensure that we are providing the necessary protections."
Recognizing how technology plays a part in amplifying the violation is key, victim advocates say. The images can, in no time, make the international rounds online.
"I think there's a fear among people that you could have an 'upskirt' photo taken of you and never realize it," said Emily May, executive director of ihollaback.org, a website that encourages women to share their stories and cell phone photos of harassers. "Your crotch could be on the Internet, and you may never know about it."
Rep. Justin Amash Justin AmashHouse to push back at Trump on border Ex-GOP lawmakers urge Republicans to block Trump's emergency declaration This week: Congress, Trump set for showdown on emergency declaration MORE (R-Mich.) on Monday chided President Obama for meeting with their favorite rapper but not finding time to talk with the lawmaker about civil liberties.
Amash was responding to a report that Obama recently met with Kendrick Lamar in the Oval Office, where a White House aide said they shared a personal moment.
ADVERTISEMENT
"Yet they won't meet with me to discuss civil liberties and surveillance issues despite repeated requests," Amash tweeted.
Amash clarified in a follow-up tweet that they thought it was "great" Obama met with Lamar but that they "should meet with members of Congress on critical issues."
The prominent libertarian lawmaker has been a vocal critic of the Obama administration on National Security Agency surveillance and other issues.
Obama met with Lamar in late October, when the musician was in Washington for a performance at the Kennedy Center, according to the White House.
The White House did not have an immediate comment on Amash.
People walk across a flooded street in Juana Matos, Puerto Rico, on Sept. 21 as the country faced dangerous flooding and an island-wide power outage after Hurricane Maria. (Hector Retamal/AFP/Getty Images)
In the coming days, Puerto Rico is set to ask for several billion dollars in federal relief after two major hurricanes, as officials acknowledge that the months-long recovery may compel more residents to abandon an already economically distressed island.
The wind and rain from hurricanes Irma and Maria have compounded other significant concerns for the island of 3.4 million people: a double-digit unemployment rate, a looming shortfall in Medicaid funding, a bankrupt electric company and stricter ­federal oversight of the island's already debt-ridden finances. These issues are perennial but mostly overlooked in Washington.
"We have to begin to think in the worst possible terms, between power restoration, critical infrastructure, housing assistance, the need to airlift critical medical ­patients out of the island to the mainland, seniors, things like that," said Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.), whose state is home to more than 1 million Puerto Ricans.
But over the next several months, "the combination of the financial crisis, the health-care crisis and now these two natural disasters, it's a recipe for a lot of people to feel that they're hopeless and they need to come to the [mainland] United States," said Rep. Nydia M. Velázquez (D-N.Y.), whose Brooklyn-area district has a significant Puerto Rican constituency. Velázquez, who is awaiting news about family members on the island, warned that if legislation addressing the economic problems isn't coupled with federal hurricane relief, "we're going to have an unprecedented number of people who will continue to leave the island."
As a U.S. commonwealth, Puerto Rico has a nonvoting member of the House and no U.S. senators. It does, however, benefit from a network of Democrats and Republicans who have roots on the island, own property there or represent states and districts with large voting blocs with Puerto Rican heritage.
"Puerto Rico doesn't have a senator, so we've always treated it as a place we care about a lot," Rubio said.
About 80,000 Puerto Rico residents moved to the mainland United States last year, part of an exodus driven by the island's devastated economy. Most of them relocated to Florida — another reason for lawmakers such as Rubio to worry about the island.
President Trump on Thursday declared a major disaster across at least 55 municipalities in Puerto Rico and is expected to inspect damage there in the coming days, said Rubio and others familiar with their plans.
Carlos Mercader, a Washington-based spokesperson for Puerto Rico Gov. Ricardo Rosselló, said officials are unable to make basic estimates of the potential costs, but "we know it's going to be in the billions."
In Florida, the arrival of thousands of island transplants has transformed cities such as Orlando and Kissimmee and is changing local and national politics. Puerto Ricans are U.S. citizens who can participate in presidential primaries but cannot vote for president while living on the island. Once they move to the mainland, they are eligible, so Democrats and Republicans in Florida eagerly sought out new arrivals last year, urging them to register to vote in the 2016 election.
[From 2016: Fast-growing, diverse part of Florida earns special attention from Clinton, Trump]
Rep. Darren Soto (D), the first Floridian of Puerto Rican descent to serve in Congress, was elected last year on the strength of the booming Puerto Rican vote in the Orlando area. "We've anticipated we'll see tens of thousands of folks here at least temporarily," they said. "Many were, I'm sure, already contemplating the move, but this will push them over the top."
Soto has been working with state Rep. Robert Asencio (D), who represents parts of west ­Miami-Dade and Kendall and who warned that the arrivals will "put a strain on existing services."
"It may even result in the state of Florida requesting more money to the federal government for relief," they added.
Gov. Rick Scott (R) has been in touch with Rosselló about ­providing relief, and the state is "100 percent committed to work with counties and local governments regarding potential needs, such as shelters and resources," spokesperson Kerri Wyland said in a statement. But Florida is still dealing with a disaster recovery effort of its own in the aftermath of deadly Hurricane Irma, which left homes destroyed and millions without power.
In Congress, Puerto Rico is represented by Jenniffer González-Colón, who caucuses with Republicans. In addition to Velázquez and Soto, several other Puerto Ricans serve in Congress: Reps. Luis V. Gutiérrez (D-Ill.), Raúl R. Labrador (R-Idaho) and José E. Serrano (D-N.Y.).
Gutiérrez and Velázquez called on the Trump administration to temporarily suspend the Jones Act, which requires all cargo transported between U.S. ports be carried on American ships, so that medicine, food and other supplies can reach the island quickly.
The island is reeling from a "Medicaid cliff" that is set to leave a nine-figure funding shortfall to pay for health-care services next March. Congress provided nearly $300 million in relief as part of a federal spending package in the spring.
Federico de Jesús, a Puerto Rican Democratic political consultant in Washington, said that despite the devastation, there may be a "silver lining," because when hurricanes hit, "all of these issues come to the fore. People who don't think about Puerto Rico in D.C. start to think about it."
LONDON (AP) — The Islamic State group claimed responsibility Thursday for an attack by a man who plowed an SUV into pedestrians on a crowded London bridge and then stabbed a police officer to death on the grounds of Britain's Parliament.
The attacker was born in Britain and known to authorities who had once investigated them for links to religious extremism, British Prime Minister Theresa May said Thursday in a sweeping speech in which they also encouraged Britons to go about their lives.
The Islamic State group said through its Aamaq News Agency that the attacker was a soldier of the Islamic State who “carried out the operation in response to calls for targeting citizens of the coalition” of countries fighting IS in Syria and Iraq. In addition to the police officer and the attacker, who was shot by police, two people died on Westminster Bridge and at least 30 others were injured, seven critically.
British officials did not release the attacker's identity or confirm a link with the Islamic State group, though May did say it would be wrong to describe the attack as “Islamic” extremism.
“It is Islamist terrorism,” they said. “It is a perversion of a great faith.”
The IS group has been responsible for numerous bloody attacks around the globe and has specifically called for Western followers to carry out this kind of attack in their own countries, though the group has also claimed attacks later found to have no clear links to it.
May set an unyielding tone Thursday in a sweeping statement before the House of Commons. While they honored the police, they also saluted the actions of millions of people who went about their lives as normal, describing it as proof that the act of terror failed.
“As I speak millions will be boarding trains and airplanes to travel to London, and to see for themselves the greatest city on Earth,” they told the House of Commons. “It is in these actions – millions of acts of normality – that we find the best response to terrorism —a response that denies our enemies their victory, that refuses to let them win, that shows we will never give in.”
Parliament began its moment of silence at 9:33 a.m., honoring the shoulder number of the murdered officer, Keith Palmer, a 15-year veteran of the Metropolitan Police and a former soldier. Then Parliament, which was locked down after the attack, returned to business — a counter to those who had attacked British democracy.
“Those who carry out such wicked and depraved acts as we saw yesterday can never triumph in our country and we must ensure it is not violence, hatred or division but decency and tolerance that prevails in our country,” Trade Secretary Liam Fox said.
“Hear, hear!” lawmakers from all parties responded in unison.
Police believe the attacker acted alone and there is no reason to believe “imminent further attacks” are planned, they said. They had been investigated before but police believed they were a peripheral figure, May said. At least eight people were arrested in raids, some in the city of Birmingham, in the central part of the country.
Mayor Sadiq Khan called for Londoners to attend a candlelit vigil at Trafalgar Square on Thursday evening in solidarity with the victims and their families and to show that London remains united.
London went on. Parliament Square, Westminster Bridge and several surrounding streets remain cordoned off by police. Scores of unarmed officers in bright yellow jackets were staffing the perimeter tape, guiding confused civil servants trying to get to work.
In Parliament's New Palace Yard, a blue police tent was erected over the spot where the stabbing and shooting occurred, and two forensic officers worked at a trestle table nearby.
Metropolitan Police counterterrorism chief Mark Rowley revised the death toll from five to four, including the attacker, the police officer and two civilians. They said that 29 people required hospitalization and seven of them were in critical condition. They also said that authorities were still working out the number of “walking wounded.” Police had previously given the total number of injured as around 40.
One of those killed was Aysha Frade, a British national whose mother is Spanish, the Spanish Foreign Ministry said.
A doctor who treated the wounded from the bridge said some had “catastrophic” injuries. Three police officers returning from a ceremony to honor their bravery were among the injured.
May said people from 11 countries were among the victims. They included: 12 Britons, 3 French, 2 Romanians, 4 South Koreans, 1 German, 1 Pole, 1 Irish, 1 Chinese, 1 Italian, 1 American and two Greeks required hospital treatment. Police earlier said that seven of the 29 who are hospitalized are in critical condition.
The threat level for international terrorism in the U.K. was already listed at severe, meaning an attack was “highly likely.”
President Donald Trump was among world leaders offering condolences.
London has been a target for terrorism many times over past decades. Just this weekend, hundreds of armed police took part in an exercise simulating a “marauding” terrorist attack on the River Thames.
May underscored that the attack targeted “free people everywhere,” and they said they had a response: “You will not defeat us.”
“Let this be the message from this House and this nation today: our values will prevail,” they said.
A Connecticut Democrat said today they're not worried about the lack of young people signing up on the Obamacare exchanges -- a cornerstone of the program working as intended -- because kids are procrastinators.
Sen. Chris Murphy said they don't believe the American public has lost faith in Obamacare "because ultimately what matters to them is whether they can get access to affordable health care."
"We've actually had about 8,000 people enrolled, which is about 10 times as many as we were expecting in the first month. And so we've seen that in other states as well," they said of their home state. "So you know, ultimately, you know, whether people are confident or not in the website, once they're able to actually get on and buy this product, which frankly, they can do through a phone call right now. I think you're gonna see a lot of people sign up."
When the MSNBC host noted that the majority of signups are over 55 years of age, Murphy said he's not worried about young people signing up eventually.
"What we also know about young people, is that they wait in the last minute to do a lot of things. And as the youngest member of the Senate, I can certainly speak for that generation. So when you look at the experience in Massachusetts, which is probably the most instructive one, only 0.3 percent of the people who ultimately enrolled, did so in the first month. The vast majority did it right before the deadline. And most of the young people did it before the deadline," Murphy said.
"So, I just don't wanna panic right now when we're only 30 days, 40 days into enrollment. We've got plenty of time for this thing to work. And ultimately, given the fact that we know it's an affordable product, especially for young people who have subsidies, they're gonna end up signing."
The senator called the controversy over the tech-woe website "a political cloud, created by Republicans, who never wanted this thing to work in the first place."
"I think we need to, you know, get well into next year as we start to look at the numbers as we come towards March before any of us have a sense of whether the website has had a significant hangover," Murphy added. "...You're not gonna re-order one-sixth of the American economy, which is what health care represents, without having some winners and losers."
"Some people are gonna be upset with their experience in the new system. But way more people are going to get a better, more affordable product out of this. And I just don't think we should have an expectation that everyone is going to be happy. The vast majority of people who see a change in their health care benefit are gonna be happy. But there's gonna be some folks who are gonna walk away from this change with a little bit less than they had before."
For the first time in well, a long time, New York City went a whole 24 hours this week without a single murder, stabbing, or shooting. Gotham enjoyed the unusual peace from 10:30 p.m. on Sunday, until 11:20 a.m. Tuesday, when a 27-year-old man was shot in Brooklyn.
This rare feat in the city's history is so rare, that the NYPD can't even remember the last time it happened, NY1 reports.
"Nice way to start the week," said NYPD spokesperson Paul Browne.
Although New Yorkers managed not to kill each other in the days following Hurricane Sandy, there were some shootings and stabbings.
The city's homicide rate for 2012 is on pace to reach just over 400 murders for the year.
"They're going to come in with the fewest number of murders since about 1960,'' Tom Reppetto, a NYPD historian and author of American Police, 1945-2012, told The Daily News. "It's an almost impossible figure, but their programs have been fabulously successful in stopping crime."
For perspective, in 1990, 2,245 people were murdered in New York City.
MP: People hv not died because of oxygen supply failure,but due to illness- Indore Commissioner on reports of 17 pp… https://t.co/VzEaruJL6K — ANI (@ANI_news) 1498200223000
INDORE: The death of 11 people, including two children, at MY Hospital sent shockwaves through the city on Thursday after reports that oxygen supply was mysteriously snapped for around 15 minutes between 3am and 4am, leading to the deaths.While panic spread, the administration went into damage control mode to insist these many deaths were “routine” in a large hospital. Divisional commissioner Sanjay Dubey ruled out the possibility that the deaths were caused by lack of oxygen or “any other negligence”, but said that the matter will be probed, if required.What fuelled panic was the fact that when mediapersons sought to find answers, all the records of dead patients and the logbook where oxygen supply is recorded vanished. Everywhere, official sought to say all is fine but refused to show the files.Some highly placed sources in the hospital confirmed that there was “disruption” in oxygen supply around 3am. But with oxygen plant records missing and the staff manning the system not to be found, information about the incident was limited to a group of senior officials, who refused to comment.Dubey, who is also chairperson of autonomous body of MGM Medical College to which MY Hospital is attached, said, “There is no negligence. I have been to every ward of the hospital after certain local newspapers carried the misinformation. There was no break in oxygen supply. The deaths are routine in a 1400-bed hospital.” The hospital records 10-20 deaths a day, they said.As the panic spread, administrative officials, politicians and locals rushed to MY Hospital – the largest government medical facility in central India. What added to the worry is the hospital's grim history. MY Hospital's oxygen delivery system has been under scanner since the death of two children who were given nitrogen instead of oxygen in the paediatric OT on May 28, 2016.Officials on Thursday said that every day 60-70 patients are put on oxygen, which is supplied by pipe in almost all wards. “If the oxygen supply had been cut off, the rest of the patients should also have died,” Dubey pointed out.But that didn't stop the panic, forcing hospital authorities to go into a huddle late afternoon. They seized records of patient deaths from the wards, ICU and neonatal ICU, and stopped flow of information. They later said 16 patients had died in the 24 hours since 8am on Wednesday. Hospital superintendent Dr V S Pal claimed that 11 persons had died in the night but refused to give any details, including time of deaths.
By blocking President Obama's nomination of Merrick Garland to the U.S. Supreme Court, the Republicans created a radically new environment for confirmation battles, one that could see the court slowly shrink in numbers.
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer has signaled that Democrats will filibuster almost any Supreme Court nominee proposed by Donald Trump. Although the Republicans could break the filibuster by invoking the so-called nuclear option, it isn't certain they will be able to do so. That would leave the court with eight members for the foreseeable future — and potentially create circumstances where vacancies can only be filled when the president and 60 senators come from the same party.
To understand how the game could unfold, you have to go back to 2013, when the Democratic Senate majority, fed up with Republican opposition to Obama's nominees for various executive and judicial branch posts, exercised its version of the nuclear option. Coordinated by then-Majority Leader Harry Reid, the Democratic rule change eliminated the filibuster for all presidential nominees except the Supreme Court.
Because the filibuster is not in the Constitution, but is simply a Senate rule, 51 votes was all it took to remove it. That's also why the Senate Democrats had the power to leave behind the parts of the filibuster rule that it chose to keep.
Instead of filling Supreme Court seats as they became vacant, the court would shrink in size until the president and 60 senators came from the same party, or until the Senate majority was willing to eliminate the Supreme Court filibuster.”
By leaving the Supreme Court filibuster in place, the Democrats preserved the possibility of blocking Trump's nominee. Such a filibuster would no doubt have political costs. Senate Democrats who denounced their Republican counterparts for failing to give Merrick Garland a vote are going to have to explain why circumstances have changed.
That will be especially embarrassing for those Democrats who maintained, with Obama, that the Constitution requires the Senate to vote on a presidential nominee for the Supreme Court. As I argued at the time, that position was wrong: The Constitution is silent about whether senators have to vote.
Nevertheless, Schumer's comments indicate that the Senate Democrats will get over the embarrassment of being accused of hypocrisy. They'll simply say — with some reason — that they have no choice but to do what the Republicans did, and that turnabout is fair play.
For their part, the Republicans can be expected to argue that there's a fundamental difference between the last year of a lame-duck president's term and the first year of a new president's. It's not a preposterous argument. But it's unlikely to have much sway with Democrats.
By blocking Garland, the Republicans created a radically new environment for confirmation battles. Innovation is in the air. And recall that, in October, Senator John McCain suggested that a Republican Senate might block Hillary Clinton's Supreme Court nominees. That's more or less what Schumer is suggesting, although in reverse.
The Republican majority in the Senate stands at 52-48. If the Republican leadership can persuade all but one of its members to vote to change the filibuster for the Supreme Court, then the conflict will be brief. The nuclear option will be expanded to include all presidential nominees, and the Democrats will lose. That's still the most probable result.
But what if two Senate Republicans think the Supreme Court filibuster is too useful to give up? That wouldn't be an unreasonable thought. Liberal activist justices can do a lot more than conservative activist justices to change the nation's constitutional norms. Liberal justices can discover or create new constitutional rights for new classes of Americans.
In contrast, most of the time, constitutional conservatives oppose the expansion of rights. Sometimes they will vote to roll back the protections that the court has created — that may count as regress, but it's usually regressed to an older constitutional reality. Conservative constitutional activists can also try to block progressive legislation — but that, too, is a defensive maneuver.
If the Senate Republicans can't break the filibuster, we'd get a new Supreme Court nomination norm with enormous consequences for the court. Instead of filling Supreme Court seats as they became vacant, the court would shrink in size until the president and 60 senators came from the same party, or until the Senate majority was willing to eliminate the Supreme Court filibuster. Then the president would fill all the vacancies, winner take all.
Nothing in the Constitution prohibits a smaller court or one that fluctuates in size. Article III of the Constitution does require the existence of a Supreme Court — but presumably it could consist of just a single justice. Article I, Section 3 says that the chief justice presides at an impeachment trial, which implies that there should be a chief justice — but on a court of one, presumably that one would count as the chief.
If the incredible shrinking Supreme Court sounds unimaginable, that should count as a reason to expect the Senate Republicans to break the filibuster. But an eight-justice court seemed pretty unimaginable when Justice Scalia died last February — and it's become a reality, at least for the moment.
Even if the filibuster is overcome, there already seems to have been long-term change in the way Supreme Court seats are filled. If the Democrats had a majority in the Senate today, it seems entirely possible that they would be saying they'd refuse to vote on Trump's nominee for the next four years. Some version of winner-take-all confirmation politics may already be with us.
Published: 2015-12-29 00:00:00
Topics: Piracy & Security Incident Reports 2015
Countries: Trinidad & Tobago , Grenada
As reported by the Caribbean Safety & Security Net (CSSN)
December 27th, 2015 - 32ft sailing yacht boarded by armed men and robbed
DATE: 2015-12-27 10:30
Country Name: Trinidad/Tobago
Location Detail: Trinidad Hibiscus Gas Platform
EVENT: Boarding & Robbery
Stolen Items: They took everything they could get: clothes, computer, cell phones, trinidad flag, clock, etc. TOTAL Value about $4,000us
DETAILS:
Boarding and robbery between Trinidad and Grenada of a 32 foot sailing sloop three on board. The vessel had passed close west of Trinidad Hibiscus Gas Platform and was some 30 miles from Trinidad with 40 to go to Grenada.
At about 10am, when about 30 nautical miles from Trinidad, to the north and a little to the west of the Hibiscus Gas Platform, the sloop was approached from the eastern side by a pirogue. It was an unmarked pirogue which looked white (or slightly bluish) on the outside with a grey gunnel with a 130 hp outboard on the stern and a 150 hp outboard laying inside. The pirogue had three blue barrels in it, presumably containing extra fuel. Six persons were on board. They all spoke Spanish and one spoke broken English.
Three boarded while the others kept gun barrels under cloth wraps pointed at crew. The people in the pirogue used what appeared to be a rifle, but the captain could not say for sure as it was hidden by a piece of cloth.They took everything they could get: clothes, computer, cell phones, trinidad flag, clock, etc. TOTAL Value about $4,000us.
They did not harm the occupants or harm the vessel but the pirates threatened to kill the captain if they called for help. The pirates were aboard for about 20 minutes. They remained cool and were not nervous or jumpy.
After the robbery the pirogue headed off in a southwesterly direction towards venezuela.
Reported to the TT coastguard and YSATT.
See CSSN report here.
CSSN Note: Even though CSSN received the dictated written report made by the captain and received highly credible information from multiple sources in direct contact with the captain, CSSN has had no DIRECT contact with the captain at present and therefore must classify this report as second hand.
TT Coast Guard has indicated they have increased patrols in the area. Coast Guard is advising that it may be better to sail at night as this pirogue that did the robbing has no radar etc They also advise that a float plan should be filed (see Precautions below for components of a float plan) . Communicate with TT Coast Guard to let them know when you are leaving and the route you are taking via phone 800-TTCG or email ttcgops@gmail.co. And consider travelling in groups.
Coast Guard and YSATT officials are meeting to discuss responses and provide the cruising and TT business community with more information about what type of response has been initiated (such as type and number of assets deployed, how to identify, and coast guard recommendation for contact protocol, and a host of other questions submitted by CSSN)
December 20th, 2015 - 80ft sailing yacht boarded by armed men and robbed
DATE: 2015-12-20 12:00
Country Name: Grenada-Trinidad passage
Location Detail: Trinidad Hibiscus Gas Platform
EVENT: Robbery and Boarding
Stolen Items: Money, passports, cell phones, computers, food clothing and ship's documents, cash, credit cards, wallets, clothes, luggage, watches, books, sailing gear, keys, food, miscellaneous electronics, toiletries, and other items.
DETAILS: On December 20 at approximately noon, a 24 meter (80 ft) sailing yacht was sailing from Chaguaramas Trinidad N. to Port Louis Grenada. At about the halfway point, in the vicinity of the Hibiscus Gas platform 30 miles N of Trinidad, the yacht was boarded and robbed.
The crew were busy working on the backstay and didn't notice the boat until it was right on their stern.
It was an 18 ft narrow open boat, white hull with blue inside, a fishing type boat with 5 young men aboard. The fishing boat had 4 blue barrels that the crew guessed was extra fuel. They had a 120 hp Yamaha outboard engine, and an additional engine laying on the boat's floor.
The yacht was approached from the south astern by the men speaking Spanish apparently asking for something. Once close to the yacht, one individual pulled out a military type assault rifle and made it clear they were coming aboard. The crew was held at gunpoint the entire time. Two guys stayed in the boat, two went through the boat. The one with the gun stayed with the captain and 2 yacht crew in the cockpit.
The pirates below deck proceeded to put the valuables in bags and luggage found inside the boat, and transport said bags into their dinghy. No shots were fired. They were aboard for approximately 15 minutes and took money and electronics. None of the 3 crew were injured.
All three pirates on board, jumped back into their dinghy, and started motoring south, from the same direction in which they came. The yacht carried on to Grenada and reported the incident to the US Coast Guards, who reported it to Trinidad and Grenada Coast Guards. At some point within the hour of reporting the incident to the USCG, the Trinidad and Tobago coast guard called the satellite phone to review the report that was forwarded to them via the USCG.
CSSN NOTE: CSSN original report was from sources directly in contact with captain and crew and was necessarily classified as second hand. The Captain of the yacht has now confirmed all the facts of this report directly to CSSN. The captain provided additional detail which has been edited into this report. This report is updated to a first hand, confirmed report with quotes and information also taken from the Captain's official written report to authorities.
For Precautions while on passage click here.
For Previous incidents in the Trinidad/Granada Passage see: https://www.safetyandsecuritynet.com/the-southern-windward-islands-st-vincent-the-grenadines-grenada-including-carriacou-petite-martinique-trinidad-tobago/
A 31-year-old UFO mystery was nothing more than a schoolboy science experiment, according to a man who has claimed responsibility for lights seen hovering in the Manawatu sky in the 1970s.
On a clear April evening in 1979 an orange light was spotted travelling in the night sky from Aokautere toward Hokowhitu.
Government documents released last week put this unexplained light down to a radar balloon "in the hands of people outside the meteorological service".
These official X-files show the light was spotted early in the evening on April 20, while other orange lights were seen in the region six days later.
Malcolm McCrea was then a 16-year-old fifth form pupil at Awatapu College.
They said that at school, a science teacher would build hot air balloons from tissue paper, cardboard, wire and cotton wool.
Using heat from a bunsen burner, the balloons would be released into the atmosphere.
About April or May 1979 those pupils decided the balloons would look better at night, so McCrea and their friends would release them into the atmosphere – powered by burning meths.
By stuffing different coloured tissue paper into them, the pupils could make a virtual kaleidoscope in the night sky, with the balloons ranging in size from a shoebox to a fridge.
The balloons would usually meander through the sky until an airstream caught them and made them rocket away – looking much like a silent alien aircraft speeding into the distance.
"We would often release several balloons at the same time, hence seeing something in a V-formation meant they were all caught in the same airstream," McCrea said.
Oddly enough, one of the April 1979 sightings was of three lights travelling in such a formation. There were also plenty of other reports in the media about unexplained lights in the night sky.
"We thought it was very funny."
McCrea, who now lives on the Kapiti Coast, said they released about eight or nine balloons themselves – as did about 15 other people.
This likely explanation for Palmerston North's 1979 sightings did not surprise New Zealand sceptics spokesperson Vicki Hyde.
While most sceptics would not rule out the possibility of other life forms existing somewhere, most possible UFO sightings could be explained.
"The bulk of [sightings] are from sincere people who have seen something they can't explain," they said.
"You don't have to be foolish to be fooled." Ms Hyde encourages people who see unexplained objects to keep an open mind about what they're looking at.
Another UFO sighting in Palmerston North happened in June 1972, when 17-year-old Jon Watson looked outside of their Crew Crescent flat and saw three silver objects flying 1000 feet overhead. "I got a fright at first," they told the Manawatu Standard at the time.
"We followed the three spaceships with our eyes for about a quarter of an hour. They were following each other and were quite close together."
Fourteen-year-old Freyberg High School pupil Gregory Key saw three "spinning silver objects" above Pahiatua on June 15 the same year.
A federal judge in New Jersey has signed off on the practice of law enforcement using a fake Instagram account in order to become "friends" with a suspect—thus obtaining photos and other information that a person posts to their account.
"No search warrant is required for the consensual sharing of this type of information," United States District Judge William Martini wrote in an opinion published last Tuesday.
"[Defendant Daniel] Gatson's motion to suppress the evidence obtained through the undercover account will be denied."
The criminal case, known as United States v. Daniel Gatson, involves a man accused of perpetrating a long series of burglaries (taking primarily jewelry worth over $3 million in total) in New Jersey and neighboring regions. Gatson, representing themselves in the case, had attempted to have the data collected from Instagram thrown out, as they claimed there was no probable cause to search or seize such data.
In October 2014, BuzzFeed reported on an incident where a Drug Enforcement Agency officer created a fake Facebook page with photos that had been seized off of their phone during a 2010 arrest.
Jonathan Mayer, a scholar at the Stanford Law School's Center for Internet and Society, who told Ars about the Gatson case, said they had never heard of a case involving Instagram.
"I can't recall a previous instance involving Instagram, or more importantly, where a judge has approved the practice," they told Ars. "I do think that's unambiguously the correct application of Fourth Amendment precedent, though."
Instead of having a “Keep or Mulligan” article this week, I've decided to write a bit about mulligan theory in general.
Mulligans are, as we all know, a very inexact science. There is some math you can do, and there are some right or wrong answers, but a lot of it is a big grey area that comes from experience and gut feeling. That said, over my many years of MTG, there are a couple of misconceptions that I've seen repeated over and over, even by competitive players. In my head, I think of these as the “mulligan traps”—hands that look like they should be kept, but that for one reason or another just aren't good enough. Today I want to talk about four of those traps.
Keep in mind that my goal here (as well as with the Keep or Mulligan series) is not necessarily to argue any particular example, but to convey the idea behind it. If you disagree with my final decision but you understand why I'm writing the things I'm writing, and you think you can apply it to future hands, then that's fine.
Trap #1: “I just need one more land”
The most common misconception I see in mulliganing are the one-land hands that need to draw one more. Now, I don't have a problem with keeping lands that need to hit a land to get there—I'm generally a risk-averse person, but I still understand the basics of probability. The problem I have is that, in general, the statement “I need one more land” is just not true—you need one more land to not lose the game immediately, but you need way more than that to actually win.
Imagine a hand of land, 2-drop, 2-drop, 3-drop, 5-drop, 5-drop. This hand will need one land to operate in the early game, but unless one of your 2-drops is a Stoneforge Mystic, you are not going to win unless you draw several more in a reasonable time frame (four more, to be exact). When doing math in their heads, people will usually figure out a rough estimate of how likely they are to find a land, but they will assume that this is strongly correlated to their possibilities of winning the game, and I don't think you can do that.
In “Keep or Mulligan week 4,” I had two similar hands:
(vs. Zoo)
I said I would mulligan the first hand, and I would keep the second one. A lot of people asked me why I thought the hands were different, since they both need to draw a land fairly quickly or they would lose on the spot.
To me, the difference is that in the draft hand I'm taking a huge risk for not that big of a reward. You need one land to play a fair game of Magic—the downside is you die without playing a spell, and the upside is you have a decent curve. You could calculate the odds of hitting immediately—roughly 75%—but this does not tell you enough about your chances of winning the actual game because you still need more things to break your way.
If you don't hit land, you lose, but if you hit land, you don't necessarily win—you need several lands, and then the upside is, again, you play a fair game of Magic. If you hit and then brick twice, are you actually in a good spot? If you hit twice but they're both Mountains, is that enough?
Now, the Modern hand is very different. With this hand, when I say you need a land, I actually mean that. If you draw one land, you're set—your hand is great and you don't need anything else. There is great reward in this hand, so I think it's worth the risk.
The moral of the story is: when you think to yourself “I only need a land,” make sure you only need a land to turn your hand into something great, instead of only needing one land to not die immediately. If you don't die immediately but fall too far behind in the early game, you'll still probably lose the game regardless—playing an off-color morph when the opponent just played a 5-drop is probably not going to win you the game, even if you did have a 2/1 on turn two.
Trap #2: “It's already a mulligan”
Sometimes, people will say that their mulligan is free because their hand is “already mulliganed anyway.” This is a flawed perception.
People will think their hand has already mulliganed for two reasons: The first is that they have a card they won't be able to cast for a very long time. For example, a second Dig Through Time, or an Ugin in a hand with two lands. Those cards are blanks in the short term, yes, but they still have value over the course of the game. I would choose to have any other card in my deck over Ugin in my opening hand, but I'd still prefer having Ugin over nothing, because some games I'll get to 8 manas and then that card will be great. Mulliganing away your Ugin is not “free.”
The second reason is that they have a card that will actually never do anything. If I'm playing the Esper mirror and I have Ultimate Price in my hand, then that's a mulligan—it does nothing and it will always do nothing. If I have two copies of Hammer of Purphoros in my hand against a mono-red deck, then that's a mulligan, since the next copy will never do anything. In those spots, the “it's already a mulligan” argument is more reasonable, but still flawed, because it fails to take into account that you can just draw those cards again.
Imagine I have a hand of 6 cards + Ultimate Price in the Esper mirror—that's effectively a 6-card hand. But it's effectively a 6-card hand without Ultimate Price. What if I mulligan to 6 because a mulligan is “free,” and then I draw Ultimate Price again? Now I'm at effectively 5 and my mulligan cost me a lot. Even if I don't draw it immediately, it could be my third or fourth draw step. There is marginal value in having that Ultimate Price in my hand as opposed to shuffled it into my deck.
The moral of the story here is: it's true that some hands are “already mulliganed,” but that does not mean that taking a mulligan is free, because your 6-card hand could just contain the same type of card.
Trap #3: “Lands and spells”
It's very easy to identify that you should mulligan a spell-heavy hand—almost all zero-landers and most one-landers will be thrown back by the majority of the Magic population. It's also easy to identify that you should mulligan land-heavy hands—all seven-landers and most six-landers are going to be evidently not good enough. The problem arises when you have a mix of lands and spells, creating the illusion that the hand is good when it actually isn't.
One of the main issues with competitive Magic is that, sometimes, you just don't get to play. It sucks to be stuck on one or two lands, and it sucks to draw ten lands and two spells. We want to avoid that. When we see a hand with three or four lands and three or four spells, we know we dodged a bullet and we're relieved. I think our fear of having no-landers clouds our judgment a little bit, and leads to keeping hands that shouldn't be kept, solely because they have both lands and spells.
It's the case with the most controversial hand from the last Keep or Mulligan:
Being on the draw against an aggressive GW deck, I don't think you should keep this kind of hand, because the potential to be overwhelmed before you can cast your spells is way too high. You have lands and you have spells, and your spells aren't even bad, but you need some sort of early action and this hand doesn't have any.
I think people in general overestimate the amount of time they have to do something. Sure, Limited is slower and you're not going to be dead by turn five, but neither of your cards are very good at playing catch-up, so if you fall behind too much, you might as well have lost the game already, even if you get to cast them eventually. Against an aggressive GW deck, it's very easy to fall behind too early.
The moral of the story here is that a hand might have a healthy mix of lands and spells, but if none of those spells are the right spells, then it's OK to mulligan it.
Trap #4: “If I go to 5 I lose anyway”
I'm going to be honest with you—every time my opponent keeps 7 and I have to mulligan down to 5, I feel like I've already lost the game. I feel like, at this point, playing the game is just a formality. But I don't give up, because I know that my feelings do not correspond to reality.
Mulliganing to five is awful, there's no denying that, but it's not a game loss. You absolutely can win on a Bull to 5, and people assume they can't, which leads to them keeping all sorts of bad hands on 6 on the assumption that “five-card hands won't win anyway so I might as well try with this six.” I think people mulligan a lower percentage of hands than they should mulligan on 6 because they underestimate how much a five-card hand can actually win (it's not a lot, mind you, but it is a real number).
Sometimes your deck has a certain card that is so powerful and key to your strategy that it's worth mulliganing more to try finding it. It's the case with Bitterblossom in Faeries—most 5-card hands with Bitterblossom were better than 6-card hands without it, so the correct play was to mulligan all bad 6s. The same was true with Stoneforge Mystic in Caw-Blade, or with any sideboarded game where you have a card that is very hard to beat (such as Leylines).
At the last Legacy GP I played, I was playing game two of the Miracles mirror and I found myself with a bad 6-card hand. I figured that it would be better to search for my sideboarded Stoneforge Mystics, so I went down to five cards looking for them. I didn't find any, and, instead of keeping a bad 5, I decided to go down to 4, because I knew I had to find a way to win the game, and my 5- and 6-card hands didn't look like they were up for the job unless they topdecked a sequence of lands and Stoneforge Mystic. If I require my top two cards to be land + Stoneforge, then I might as well mulligan and give myself four extra chances to hit those. On 4, I found one land and a Stoneforge Mystic, which I resolved, and which singlehandedly won the game.
The moral of the story here is that 5-card hands are bad, yes, but they aren't as bad as they feel, and sometimes it's preferable to go to 5 rather than keep a bad 6. If you have a specific card in your deck that is very powerful, then that makes it even more likely that mulliganing to 5 is right.
[Editor's Note: The hand in trap #3 originally mistakenly pictured Soul Summons instead of Ojutai's Summons.]
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHICAGO -- An unprecedented hearing is underway today at the Dirksen Federal Courthouse.
A nine judge panel will decide if the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives used racial profiling in sting operations which led to the arrests and convictions of more than 40 Chicago area men.
The testimony, which is expected to last two days, will feature two prominent expert witnesses.
One will be for the Chicago defendants hoping to have their charges thrown out, and a government expert who says race did not play a factor in the ATF's operations.
Taking the stand first today was defense expert Jeffery Fagan, a Colombia University Law School professor, who has testified in the past for both defense attorneys and on behalf of the government.
Fagan told the federal panel of judges there is a zero percent chance race did not play a factor in the ATF'S sting operations from 2006 to 2013.
ATF officers would create fake stash houses and entice suspects to rob the house.
When the suspects showed up, the officers would arrest them.
The suspects were supposed to be experienced robbers with violent pasts, but court documents show some had only minor convictions.
Fagan says the ATF used race as a factor to pick their suspects.
They studied 94 defendants in 24 separate stings over a 7 year period.
78% of suspects arrested were black.
The government's expert witness should testify this afternoon with closing arguments on Friday.
The decisions coming down in this case are not expected for months but could impact cases nationwide.
Slain security guard was 'savior' to loved ones Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved An undated photo Luccas McNeill. (Courtesy McNeill family) [ + - ] Video
Chris Holmstrom and KOIN 6 News Staff - PORTLAND, Ore. (KOIN) --- The family of a local security guard who was shot and killed on the job Sunday night is speaking out in the hopes of finding whoever killed him.
Luccas McNeill, 28, worked as the overnight supervisor for a local security company. They were patrolling an area on NE 81st Avenue around 11:55 p.m. when someone shot and killed him, leaving their body in the street.
Witnesses said they heard a car speed away after shots were fired.
Now police are looking for any information that could lead them to a suspect. Family and friends tell KOIN 6 News it's difficult knowing McNeill's killer is still out there.
Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved Luccas McNeill was shot and killed Sunday night in NE Portland. (GoFundMe)
Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved Luccas McNeill was shot and killed Sunday night in NE Portland. (GoFundMe)
"You took one of the very few honest to God, good-hearted people that you just don't come by anymore," their girlfriend Jordan Jay said. "You took a rarity."
Jay described McNeill as a savior to their loved ones.
"He would give up everything and anything and sacrifice their whole life over anyone else," they said. "He made everyone else around them so incredibly happy."
They said they can't understand why they were killed.
Jenna Dougherty, who lives nextdoor to McNeill's family, said she's also struggling with the news of their death. They said McNeill spent most of their life in England and France where they worked as a chef. Their family moved to Portland about 4 years ago, and they took care of their disabled mother and sister ever since.
"He loved everyone and they were so sweet," Dougherty said.
McNeill's family set up a GoFundMe page to help with funeral costs.
Anyone with information about a possible suspect in the case should call police.
This is the second edition of Paths, a series outlining emerging technologies with clear steps on how to get started in each field.
This series was designed with makers and aspiring entrepreneurs in mind. We talked to college students interested in engineering, business, and technology to figure out what resources would be most helpful to them. Then, we reached out to experts from academia, industry, or some combination of the two.
We're excited about the potential for this series to evolve, and we'd love to hear your feedback at Macro@YCombinator.com. What would you like to learn about next?
Today, we're going to talk about VR.
Science fiction writers and futurists dreamt up virtual reality (VR) decades ago, and hackers have been attempting to build it ever since. Today, the technology is rapidly advancing with the promise to shift modern computing into a new paradigm, not unlike smartphones did one decade ago.
Some people are skeptical about whether VR will stick around, because the technology is still very much plagued by issues like high cost, unwieldiness, and simulator sickness. However, many are excited about VR's potential to become the most intimate human-computer interface that has ever existed.
In this post, we'll explore why it's an exciting time to get into VR now–both for consumers and developers. Then, we'll discuss how a wide range of interdisciplinary fields have pushed the technology forward. Lastly, we'll identify concrete ways in which you can get started.
Why Now?
“VR is not a new technology. It just became accessible.” – Jeremy Bailenson (Stanford VHIL)
VR technology has existed for many years, in many forms, from stereoscopes to flight simulators. Academics and researchers in fields like engineering and physics have been working to make the technology feasible. In the last few decades, head mounted displays (HMDs) have emerged as the standard for delivering VR experiences.
During the late 90s/early 2000s, there were several attempts to bring VR to massive audiences. Sega announced (but never released) a headset. Nintendo launched Virtual Boy, a video game console that included a monochrome HMD. Nevertheless, these technologies were held back by a lack of visual fidelity and insufficient processing power.
Only recently have developments in VR become more visible to the public eye. CPU/GPUs have reached a point where they can provide high-fidelity, immersive experiences for reasonable prices. Smartphones have enabled mobile VR as cheaper and more accessible options that don't require you to be tethered to high-end computer. As more people have an opportunity to try VR, it's becoming increasingly clear how the technology might reach consumers in a big way.
Virtual Reality and Augmented Reality (AR) are Siblings
VR entails simulated worlds, and AR entails overlaid information in the real world. We can see the difference more clearly if we take the application of surgery as an example. VR can be used to simulate training for surgeons, while AR can be used to superimpose instructions and diagnostics on a live view in real-time surgeries.
Some people believe that virtual reality is a stepping stone to augmented reality. While there exist larger technological leaps necessary to achieving high-fidelity AR, the strides made in VR development can help push us there.
In this post, we avoid discussing whether VR or AR is better, more promising, or more applicable. Other people have speculated on this, so instead we will discuss their joint potential and respective engineering challenges. At this point in time, there is a wonderful opportunity to start developing for both platforms.
VR is a Concrete Engineering Problem
There is no such thing as VR… only tracking, rendering, and display. Tracking is the process of recording the user's location and orientation in 3D space. Rendering is the process of constructing the appropriate image for a user. Display refers to the fidelity with which the hardware can produce the rendered image.
We need to solve each of these problems well enough that a user doesn't feel sick or uncomfortable. People experience simulator sickness when cues for self-motion from the visual and vestibular systems don't match (the same reason for car/sea-sickness).
This is a hard problem. For reference, traditional PC games render at a resolution of 1920×1080 at a refresh rate 60Hz. The Oculus Rift runs at 2160×1200 at 90Hz (over two displays– one for each eye). In other words, current VR solutions need to effectively render at 1080p, for two eyes, at a much higher refresh rate than PC games. At the same time, the processor needs to track a user's location and provide that information to the headset with as little latency as possible.
Even if those specs are achieved, it's less than ideal! VR displays have yet to cover the full human field of view, and we can certainly improve rendering quality to reach the fidelity of modern retina displays. All together, this suggests that we need 8K rendering for VR!
For now, we have the interesting engineering problem of exploiting limitations in the human visual system to optimize bandwidth and compute power. (e.g. Our peripheral vision is worse than our central vision– so why not try foveated rendering?)
VR isn't Just for Gamers
Yes, it's fun to shoot robots in VR.
But VR will also enable immersive concerts, reinvented museums, and live, court-side sporting events. With VR, videoconferencing will improve, with better eye contact and the inclusion of nuanced, non-verbal cues. The cost of training will plummet without the need for human trainers in industries like construction or manufacturing. At the same time, the efficacy of repeatable, hands-on training will increase. Academics will conduct social psychology research with more reproducibility, diverse sample sizes, and day-to-day realism without the need for human confederates. VR will provide a scalable way to introduce true experiential learning into education.
Personally, I'm extremely excited about the impact of VR on healthcare and medicine. The benefits of VR in training/education will also apply to clinicians. In terms of patient care, VR can be used to manage pain, combat addiction, and treat mental health issues.
No Part of the VR Stack is Mature
“The field is a molten landscape.” – Morgan Sinko (NullSpace VR)
There is no standard. No best practices. Everyone is trying something different.
Here are a few technical domains that touch VR, and specific problems within each domain:
Human Computer Interaction : How do we implement non-diegetic UI?
: How do we implement non-diegetic UI? Optics : How can we fit a tiny projector for your eye on something with the form factor of prescription glasses?
: How can we fit a tiny projector for your eye on something with the form factor of prescription glasses? Electronics : How can we optimize devices that we put on our faces for batteries, heat, and size?
: How can we optimize devices that we put on our faces for batteries, heat, and size? Hardware : How can build haptics for better tracking and feedback on our bodies?
: How can build haptics for better tracking and feedback on our bodies? Computer Vision : How can we bridge the real-world and VR with 3D reconstruction and scene understanding?
: How can we bridge the real-world and VR with 3D reconstruction and scene understanding? Artificial Intelligence/Natural Language Processing: How do we create realistic agents to interact with us in VR?
Even in non-technical domains, there exist many unanswered questions:
Psychology : What are the effects of VR on addiction? What are the effects of avatars on identity?
: What are the effects of VR on addiction? What are the effects of avatars on identity? Sociology: What will it mean to have transformed social interactions (TSI) (think automatic eye contact)?
We're Close to Early AR, but Far from Mature AR
In many ways, it is more approachable to start prototyping in AR than it is in VR. With mobile phones, information provided by GPS and cameras can augment our experiences with the world around us (think Pokémon GO).
However, AR faces many challenges that don't exist in VR. By nature of the experience, AR technologies benefit from being untethered, so you can take advantage of the space around you. What does this mean for computing resources if we can't carry a high-end gaming computer on our backs?
Other challenges in AR lie in hardware and HCI– how do we create see-through displays with a large field of view? How do we create a form factor that people would actually wear in public? (Hint: remember Google Glass?)
You Can Start Building Content, Right Now
Download a game engine, like Unity or Unreal Engine, and start hacking. If you've developed games before, you'll notice that the process is very familiar, except your headset is rigged to to correspond with the in-game camera.
More generally, these game engines are engineered to be very intuitive and easy to learn. They only require basic scripting and utilize interfaces with shallow learning curves (e.g. drag-and-drop visual scripting).
Here are a few useful resources for getting started:
An Understanding of the Graphics Pipeline Will Help you Appreciate VR's Constraints and Possibilities
Fundamentally, VR is a cool application of stereo rendering in front of your eyes with head tracking. With a sound understanding of 3D geometries and how they are rendered, you'll better understand the constraints and possibilities of VR.
Here are some good online resources:
The Fields of Vision and Imaging are Pushing the Frontier of VR Forward
It could be massively rewarding to invest in an understanding of computer vision, optics, imaging, and related topics.
On the learning process: “Approach VR with a rookie mindset.” – Aashna Mago (RabbitHole VR)
Yes, hype is real, which is all the more reason to take a step back from all the noise. Try to embody the perspective of a beginner: be willing to learn and absorb. Don't start something because you feel like you have to. Now is a great time to learn, experiment, fail and become part of an amazing community. If you believe that you're late to anything, I haven't done a good job in this blog post!
Bonus Points: Read Science Fiction!
The development of VR has been surprisingly tied to science fiction. Authors in the field have envisioned the futures that engineers set out to build.
Fun fact: Neal Stephenson (author of Snow Crash) advises Magic Leap (AR Company) as their Chief Futurist!
Must Reads:
Ready Player One by Ernest Cline
Snow Crash by Neal Stephenson
My Personal Favorites:
TL;DR: Build Things. Talk to People.
Get your hands on a headset, and start building in areas where your skills overlap with your interests. VR is a new medium, so creating compelling, shippable content is more of an unsolved problem than hacking on iPhone apps over a weekend. You'll run into challenges, but in those challenges, you'll find far-reaching opportunities to fix problems that many people in the field experience.
In addition to building, talk to a wide variety of people. The process of building a beautiful experience requires the work of not only engineers, but artists, designers, and storytellers as well (game developers will understand this). Ask for feedback in online forums. Join clubs. Start clubs! Work at a VR company. The world of VR is still very small, and that's really special for someone looking to make a big dent in the field.
Here are some online communities that might be worth looking into:
“If you believe that VR is coming…”
…that it's going to be transformative, that it's going to be ubiquitous, and very significant for the way that society interacts with one another, then it's exciting to be at the very early stages.” – Jay Borenstein (Stanford CS)
“The way that people react to VR is so amazing and so visceral. It renews your faith in it, I think, and you know that it's something special.” -Aashna Mago (RabbitHole VR)
Notes & Refs
Stereoscopes are devices that show different images to the left and right eye. When viewed simultaneously, these images appear in 3D.↩
Specs from: https://www3.oculus.com/en-us/blog/powering-the-rift/↩
For more information about the history of VR and it's appearance in popular media, here's a wonderful, in-depth resource from The Verge: http://www.theverge.com/a/virtual-reality↩
Research References
Stanford's COMM166: Virtual People (Professor: Jeremy Bailenson)
Stanford's EE267: Virtual Reality (Professor: Gordon Wetzstein)
A special thanks to the following people
Jay Borenstein (Lecturer @Stanford CS, Education Modernizer @Facebook)
Jeremy Bailenson (Founding Director @Stanford VHIL)
Jordan Cazamias (Engineer @MagicLeap)
Aashna Mago (Co-Founder @RabbitHole VR)
Vasanth Mohan (Founder @FusedVR)
Morgan Sinko (CEO @NullSpace VR)
Gordon Wetzstein (Professor @Stanford EE, Lead @Stanford Computational Imaging Lab)
Chris Tan (CEO @ConstructVR) …for lending their time to be interviewed
And Jeremy Bailenson, Neel Bedekar, Niharika Bedekar, Craig Cannon, Jordan Cazamias, Darren Handoko, Jason Zheng, Aashna Mago, Kat Mañalac, and Vasanth Mohan …for reading drafts of this post.
Related Case: Geneva College v. Azar
Related Case: Southern Nazarene University v. Azar
The following quote may be attributed toregarding the U.S. Supreme Court's decision to send the consolidated abortion-pill mandate cases, including the ADF cases Southern Nazarene University v. Burwell and Geneva College v. Burwell , back to the lower appeals courts for reconsideration:“Religious organizations have the freedom to peacefully operate according to their beliefs without fear of severe penalties by the government. The Supreme Court was right to protect the Christian colleges and other groups from having to pay fines or fill out forms authorizing the objectionable coverage. The government has many other ways to ensure women are able to obtain these drugs without forcing people of faith to participate in acts that violate their deepest convictions. We look forward to addressing the remaining details as we advance these cases in the lower courts.”
President Donald Trump declined to comment on recent criticism from former Presidents George W. Bush and George H.W. Bush. | Manuel Balce Ceneta/AP Trump expects to meet with Putin during Asia visit
YOKOTA AIR BASE, JAPAN – President Donald Trump said Sunday that they expect to meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin during their Asia visit.
“I think it's expected we'll meet with Putin, yeah. We want Putin's help on North Korea, and we'll be meeting with a lot of different leaders,” Trump told reporters aboard Air Force One before landing here.
Story Continued Below
Putin is expected to participate in the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Vietnam, which Trump will also attend later in their 13-day swing through Asia.
Trump also declined to comment on recent criticism from former Presidents George W. Bush and George H.W. Bush.
“I'll comment after we come back. I don't need headlines. I don't want to make their move successful,” they said.
As an architect of the legendary Talking Heads, David Byrne once offered up an album called More Songs About Buildings and Food. These days, he's tripping into architecture and turning a building into food for the ears. I think I just stopped making sense.
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links. Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue.
Let's start over. Starting May 31, visitors to New York's Battery Maritime Building will be able to take part in Byrne's interactive music installation called simply "Playing the Building." Like its self-explanatory title implies, the Battery will be fitted with devices that will allow visitors to make music off of the piping, pillars and more. It's an interesting way to view the structures we take for granted in everyday life. According to Byrne, it could be the future of music itself.
"I'd like to say that in a small way it turns consumers into creative producers," Byrne explains on their official site, "but that might be a bit too much to claim. However, even if one doesn't play the thing, it points toward a less mediated kind of cultural experience. It might be an experience in which one begins to reexamine one's surroundings and to realize that culture — of which sound and music are parts — doesn't always have to be produced by professionals and packaged in a consumable form.
"I'm not suggesting people abandon musical instruments and start playing their cars and apartments," they add, "but I do think the reign of music as a commodity made only by professionals might be winding down. The imminent demise of the large record companies as gatekeepers of the world's popular music is a good thing, for the most part."
Photo: DavidByrne.com
ANN ARBOR – The expectation going into Saturday's match at Michigan Stadium was that Manchester United and Real Madrid would break the all-time attendance record for a soccer game in the U.S.
It didn't disappoint.
Manchester United and Real Madrid play each other during an exhibition game for the International Champions Cup at Michigan Stadium on Saturday, August 3, 2014. Melanie Maxwell | The Ann Arbor News
The estimated attendance for Saturday's International Champions Cup match was 109,318.
“It's not every day we get to play in front of a crowd like that,” Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti said.
It broke the previous record set in the 1984 Olympic finals between Brazil and France. The game at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, California drew 101,799 fans.
“Within 14 days we have played in front of 300,000 fans, that's amazing” Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal said. “The atmosphere was fantastic.”
Earlier this week, 74 percent of MLive Ann Arbor Newsreaders voted that the game would set the attendance record with 1,228 people voting in the poll.
It is the second time this year that Michigan Stadium has put its name in the record books. The 2014 NHL Winter Classic set the single game record for a professional hockey game with 105,491 tickets sold.
Michael Niziolek covers local sports for MLive Ann Arbor News. Email them at mniziole@mlive.com or follow them on Twitter, Facebook or Google+
The IT world moves fast and along with it does social networking. It's been only a few days since Google announced the limited availability of Google+ pages and already thousands of Google-plussers have created a Google+ page. Of course, we're social too and thus the openSUSE project now has an official Google+ page!
If you are created a page for an openSUSE community, like Kostas for the Greece community, then don't forget to add your page to openSUSE Social media contacts so that openSUSE enthusiasts can easily find the official pages and add it to their circles. That page is also a reference for other social media activities that openSUSE is involved in like Facebook, Twitter or LinkedIn.
Also, if you like to get involved promoting openSUSE on social media and networks, please talk with the openSUSE marketing team.
I'd like to thank Roger Luedecke for taking care of the new openSUSE Google + page and invite everybody to share contents on it, promote it and follow what we do!
Both comments and pings are currently closed.
Tags: No tags available
No tags available Category: Announcements · Project
Yum
Here's a delicious raw vegan chocolate protein bar recipe.
I used natural hemp protein powder for this recipe, but you can use any protein powder of your choice. I also used tahini, but you can substitute it with another nut or seed butter you may have. Some people are surprised by this, but there are many ways to use tahini in dessert recipes.
I didn't want to use the food processor to make these protein bars, so I used a mix of seeds like chia, poppy and sesame. I decided to add some oat flour I already had, and some dried fruits too. If you want to cut the carbs, use just seeds or ground nuts.
Ingredients
40 g (1.4 oz) dark chocolate (dairy-free / vegan)
2-3 tablespoons of hemp protein powder
2-3 tablespoons of tahini
½ cup of seeds / oat flour
Dried fruit – optional
Instruction
Melt the chocolate and mix it with tahini.
Add the protein powder and whisk well.
Finally, add the seeds and the rest of the ingredients and mix everything together.
Put in molds and refrigerate overnight.
Enjoy! 🙂
Did you know that sesame seeds are a powerful mood-boosting and stress-relieving food? They are rich in nutrients associated with muscle and nerve function; and since the seeds may remain undigested, tahini is a great way to eat them.
Print Raw Vegan Chocolate Hemp Protein Bars Ingredients 40 g (1.4 oz) dark chocolate
2-3 tablespoons of protein powder
2-3 tablespoons of tahini
½ cup of seeds / oat flour
Dried fruit – optional Instructions Melt the chocolate and mix it with tahini. Add the protein powder and whisk well. Finally, add the seeds and the rest of the ingredients and mix everything together. Put in molds and refrigerate overnight. 5.0 https://www.myhealthydessert.com/recipes/dairy-free/vegan-chocolate-hemp-protein-bars/ © MyHealthyDessert
If you like the recipe, share it with your friends and if you try making these bars, please let me know how they turned out for you!
Don't forget to follow me on Facebook and Twitter to know when a new recipe is up. ?
Something special happened in a tiny corner of an Orlando convention center last week, but it likely went unnoticed if you're not an airline & aviation junkie. For a guy like myself who was bitten, or perhaps more accurately, smitten with the aviation bug in 8th grade, this was indeed a poignant moment.
First, a bit of backstory. Over a decade ago, I heard aircraft mechanic and former NTSB member John Goglia speak at an industry conference. Their passion immediately evident in their lingering Boston accent, I recall thinking “I really want to meet this guy, he's well respected by literally everyone in the room, I am going to figure out a way to meet him”.
Perseverance and hard work creates luck, which led to me to enjoying a few drinks with John at a local bar last week after working on a project* with him. For those who've never had the pleasure of meeting him, he's a soft-spoken rockstar in the industry who wears their heart on their sleeve and loves sharing stories about their biggest successes. When they share the many accomplishments near and dear to their heart, most of which revolve around mentoring those involved in aviation and creating unique opportunities for military families, tears of happiness well in their eyes and often trigger the waterworks for those listening...consider that fair warning.
On Thursday, John received the Charles E. Taylor Master Mechanic Award. For those unfamiliar with the honor, it's the aviation equivalent of a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award given by the Federal Aviation Administration after fifty (as in Five-Zero) years of service. John's service has ranged from being a hands-on aircraft mechanic to an appointment by former President Clinton to the National Transportation Safety Board. Given all of the close relationships and respect that John has garnered throughout the years, the event brought family, friends and a range of professional colleagues, all extremely well respected in their own right. And, since it was John, there were lots of tears.
Shortly after John was presented with the award, a young lady's name was called to receive the Charles E. Taylor AMT Student Award. Shayna Neumann, an aircraft support mechanic for Delta Air Lines (not yet an A&P) proudly strode up to the stage wearing a distinctive tool pouch on their hip, the same one worn throughout the preceding two day Aerospace Maintenance Competition. She's well on their way to becoming an FAA certificated aircraft mechanic who will undoubtedly excel in whatever path they choose, and that tool pouch resting at their side might soon draw your attention to them as they handle technical issues before your flight departs.
Shayna and virtually ALL of the aircraft mechanics and engineers who competed last week displayed a tremendous sense of pride, professionalism and a camaraderie that extends literally across the world. (Shout out to the Australians, there's always room for one more Aussie Aussie Aussie, Oi Oi Oi!!!!!!)
It's that kind of outwardly displayed passion that fuels, sparks and ignites the interest of young folks who want to pursue something more than a mere job, those who want to be part of something unique and cool beyond belief. That exists in aviation, because after all, we enable flight!!
As an industry, and perhaps more importantly as a global community, we need to connect the old school and experienced Johns and up-and-coming Shaynas with the hundreds of thousands of high school and college students across the world who are searching for that “something more”.
So to John, thank you for your leadership, for being that shining example for all of us to follow and for wearing your heart on your sleeve.
To Shayna, thank you (and your peers) for displaying the characteristics that will attract the next generation of aircraft maintenance professionals and for so proudly wearing your tools on your hip.
And a heartfelt thank you to the rest of you, all of the aircraft maintenance professionals who work behind the scenes and who are behind every single flight.
*Assorted videos from the 2017 Aerospace Maintenance Competition can be viewed at engio.mx
Which brings me to the current struggle...
Getting a working environmental simulation was a matter of a few hours of coding - okay probably double digit hours of coding, but still a very reasonable effort.
So far the wind is working, temperatures are reasonable, seasonal changes are working, it's even multi-threaded (not coroutines!) so there's no real performance hit. All good so far.
And then comes the water cycle. Damn the water cycle!
Ground water and ocean water evaporates into clouds. Clouds move and release water as rain. Sounds easy enough, but we all know what happens when you assume things.
The problem is getting a stable amount of ground water from season to season. How fast does the water evaporate? How fast can the clouds move? How much water can the clouds hold? How fast does a cloud release its water? How quickly does water drain back into the ocean? How many hours can I spend looking at a heat map?
Importance Of Knowing How You Fit In With The Needs Of An MBA Program:
An important part to succeeding in the MBA admissions process is understanding that you are marketing yourself to an MBA program similar to how a product is promoted to a consumer in the supermarket. A business school is your target market. By understanding the MBA program's “needs,” you can successfully position yourself to improve your chances of being accepted.
As an example, consider Columbia Business School. Located in New York City, and well known for its finance classes, you can understand that the program receives many applications from people wanting to work in finance. Columbia Business School, however, also wants to be considered as a top general management program. Columbia is looking for strong leaders, entrepreneurs, and others. As you submit your business school application to Columbia Business School, think about what the business school may “need” to complete their incoming class and try to become part of the solution.
This same example is relevant to all MBA programs: in order to be accepted, at some point you should step away from just what you are looking for. Think about the MBA program's goals and needs and how you can add and help fulfill those needs. As an example, a business school probably wants involved students, alumni who will remain in close contact, students who give back to the community and more. When you are done telling the admissions committee why you want to attend and what they can do for you, don't forget to show them what you can do for the MBA program as well.
For more robust guidance on your MBA application essays, check out the Stacy Blackman Consulting Essay Guide Series – school specific guides with essay tips, sample essays, information on what your target schools value and more. Visit https://www.stacyblackman.com/essay-guides/ to learn more.
BELGRADE (Reuters) - Serbian police arrested 80 people including a former minister on graft charges on Saturday, stepping up an anti-corruption drive days after opening talks on joining the European Union.
In the biggest sweep of its kind in the country in decades, the former head of the anti-corruption agency, executives of state-owned companies, two ex-government officials and several mayors were also held.
They were charged with abuse of office, money laundering and financial crime, covering alleged offences dating back to 2004 and embezzlements totaling 7.8 billion dinars ($70 million), Interior Minister Nebojsa Stefanovic said.
On Dec. 14 Serbia launched accession talks with EU authorities, during which it will be under pressure to demonstrate progress in dismantling a legacy of corruption and organized crime that gained a strong foothold in the Yugoslav wars of the 1990s.
The interior ministry said 80 people had been arrested so far. Stefanovic said police were searching for five more, and that a further 39 individuals were to be charged.
The ex-minister held was Slobodan Milosavljevic of the opposition Democratic Party, who held the Agriculture, Forestry and Water Management portfolio from May 2007 to July 2008.
 They are charged with abuse of office during their term and also while they served as Chamber of Commerce head from 2004 until 2007, the ministry said in a statement.
The ministry said Zorana Markovic, who headed the government's anti-corruption agency from 2010 to 2012, was also arrested, as was the former general manager of Serbia's only steel plant.
Democratic Party leader Bojan Pajtic said the arrests were politically motivated. Most of those held are from their party, though some are members of the governing Socialist Party.
In June, authorities charged more than three dozen police and customs officers with corruption.
This year's rookie crop of NFL passers has turned things a bit upside down. The No. 2 pick from the FCS school, Carson Wentz, is outplaying the No. 1 pick, Jared Goff, from the Pac-12 school.
Dallas Cowboys rookie Dak Prescott, a fourth-round pick, has been an absolute hit. If we knew then what we know now, they might have been a first-round pick. (Although we could have told you that back in March had you asked.)
Scroll to continue with content Ad
Other rookie fill-ins such as Jacoby Brissett and Cody Kessler — both late third-rounders — have shown poise and maturity while Christian Hackenberg, a mid-second rounder, looked miserable in the preseason and remains buried on the New York Jets' roster.
Will any of this have an effect on the 2017 draft? Perhaps. Teams are always going to try to find value at every position, but landing a potential starter outside the top 10 picks is tricky business. When it happens, it feels like winning big on a scratch-off ticket — unexpected and wonderful.
[Play our $175K Baller | Free Yahoo Cup entry | Tips for your Daily lineup]
Clemson quarterback Deshaun Watson and Notre Dame quarterback DeShone Kizer roundly are touted as the top two draft-eligible prospects at the position for next year's draft, although that's hardly set in stone. Of course, similar things were said about Goff a year ago, and Wentz hadn't yet emerged as a top pick. But are Watson or Kizer worth top-five picks? Conversely, might there be better value down in the draft, as this year's rookie class has shown there sometimes can be?
Story continues
It isn't a banner quarterback class right now — and there doesn't appear to be a Wentz or Prescott in this crop. But there still are some interesting prospects who could work themselves into a highly drafted position, plus some others who have fallen off. Here are some of the more notable draft-eligible quarterbacks who might be available in April.
Miami QB Brad Kaaya has a chance to go fairly high in the 2017 NFL draft. (AP)
Brad Kaaya, Miami: Although Kaaya was not perfect against a Florida State defense that had allowed at least 34 points to every FBS team it had played this season, they delivered some NFL-quality throws, including a pair of end-zone fades for touchdowns. Kaaya also showed great toughness, taking a beating, playing through a sore shoulder and having a tooth knocked out (a molar, no less!). A lineman handed Kaaya their tooth, they ran it over to the sideline and kept playing.
Though the Canes came up short on a blocked extra point Kaaya stepped up when they had to.
Kaaya has had a nice season and is positioning themselves as the latest Mark Richt-coached quarterback to be warmly regarded in NFL circles. Is Kaaya a first-round pick as things stand now? Yes, even if he's not an incredible physical specimen with a great arm. The intangibles are very strong, and they could end up a top-15 pick.
Mitch Trubisky, North Carolina: One of the surprise risers at the position this season, Trubisky had a few nice moments in 2015 while filling in for Marquise Williams, who was in training camp with the Green Bay Packers before being cut. It has become obvious in short order that Trubisky is by far the better NFL prospect — and even a possible first-round pick.
It's easy to look at their awful performance last week against Virginia Tech — Trubisky was 13-of-33 passing for 58 yards, no touchdowns and their first two interceptions of the season — plus a subpar game in the opener against Georgia and raise a doubting eyebrow. But their good size, athletic traits, a plus arm and NFL-caliber mechanics will endear themselves to scouts, as long as they bounce back from last week.
Trubisky could be somewhat of a polarizing prospect, depending on the evaluator, but there will be heavy interest come springtime.
Chad Kelly, Ole Miss: We wrote up Kelly last week, so we won't go into great detail on their on-field talents, which are intriguing to say the least. Their biggest bugaboo might be the off-field questions that have been raised in the past and ones that appear to be lingering. They were involved in a fight while watching their brother play in a Buffalo-area high school game, and though the Rebels have not issued any discipline for Kelly, who has had their share of incidents even before they arrived in Oxford, NFL scouts are keeping a file that seems to keep growing. Their character and lack of size will be concerns among league talent evaluators, even though their talent and pedigree (he's Jim Kelly's nephew) will earn them long looks.
Patrick Mahomes, Texas Tech: Mahomes is often labeled a system quarterback because the Red Raiders' offense is QB-friendly. But watch closely and you see a player with some real skill in and out of the pocket. They can dissect defenses readily. Head coach Kliff Kingsbury's comparison of Mahomes to Aaron Rodgers was a bit specious, but you can see how they might pattern their game after the Green Bay Packers passer.
The biggest worry for Mahomes lately has been a shoulder injury they suffered after a monster hit against Kansas, but given the choice to play or sit last weekend they gutted it out against Kansas State and — ho hum — completed 45 of 62 passes for 504 yards, two TDs and a pick in the 44-38 loss to Kansas State. Attempting that many throws and taking as many big hits as they did spoke volumes for their toughness.
To this point of the season, Mahomes is Pro Football Focus' top-rated college quarterback — ahead of Heisman candidates such as Lamar Jackson and Greg Ward Jr., plus Baylor's Seth Russell and Kelly. There's a pro prospect in Mahomes for sure, and it will be interesting to see if the junior makes this their final season in college or returns to Lubbock for another year.
Luke Falk, Washington State: Another quarterback who is asked to throw the ball a zillion times and is putting up boffo numbers is Falk, but again it's unfair to label them a drone who merely takes advantage of volume opportunities. There is pro potential in Falk, who nonetheless will be hotly debated in NFL circles.
On the one hand, their size, touch and quick release check all the NFL boxes; on the other, there is the stigma of Mike Leach's offense and Falk's occasional carelessness in traffic. This could be the type of case where Falk is drafted in that Hackenberg-Brock Osweiler-Jimmy Garoppolo range of the mid-to-late second round, and those are three quarterbacks who had a wide range of grades from NFL scouts when they were coming out. Falk could be in the same boat, but it takes only one team to fall in love with a player.
Mason Rudolph, Oklahoma State: The junior possesses a pro-caliber build at 6-foot-4 and 230 pounds and steadily has risen in the eyes of NFL evaluators who have watched them throw multiple TD passes in five of six games this season and only two picks in 231 attempts. They can throw with touch or fire the ball in when needed, but they might not have a cannon for an arm overall.
Still, there's a lot to like about Rudolph, who has earned a reputation as a late-game hero with their six comeback victories in 2015 and their strong performances in late wins over Pitt and Iowa State. He's another quarterback who is not certain to come out, as they could get washed out in what looks like a potentially deep crop of quarterbacks, but don't rule out a fast-rising stock if they declare. The tools are there despite them starting only 21 games in college.
Tennessee QB Joshua Dobbs (11) has had reason to celebrate this season but is a polarizing NFL prospect. (AP)
Joshua Dobbs, Tennessee: We expect little consensus on Dobbs in NFL circles. On the one hand, they have had special moments in college and has delivered some big performances this season, especially in the Vols' weekly thrilling comebacks. They put the ball in their hands, and they usually deliver when they need it most. On top of that, he's exceptionally smart — an aerospace engineering major — who has represented their school very well.
But Dobbs has a visible ceiling as a passer, and their strong athleticism might not be the kind of thing that translates well enough as an NFL quarterback. They take a lot of sacks and doesn't project to be the kind of run-around, playmaking quarterback that, say, Russell Wilson has become.
We don't know what to make of Dobbs as a draft prospect outside of this: they possess strong leadership traits, elite intelligence and very good athletic traits. He's going to be a fascinating evaluation, and though it's a bit apple to oranges in terms of skills, a team could view Dobbs in the way the New England Patriots viewed Brissett at the end of Round 3.
Cooper Rush, Central Michigan: Wentz's name has been invoked when talking about Rush (yes, we were admittedly guilty of that), even though it's not a parallel comparison by most means. But Rush has good experience, an NFL body and a decent arm. Their Hail Mary TD pass against Oklahoma State helped put them on the national map, but MAC folks have been watching their strong skills for years.
Is there anything elite about Rush? No. Still, Western Michigan head coach P.J. Fleck made a very strong endorsement of Rush last month with a bold prediction attached.
“I think he'll be an incredibly high draft pick,” Fleck said, via the Detroit News. “I got a chance to watch them over the course of the last three years and they make everybody around them better. He's an incredible leader. They get everybody in the right spot. You can see that everybody leans on them and that's the definition of a true leader. Everybody looks to them to be their best all the time and they have been.
“He's incredibly consistent. He's very accurate, has a big arm. He's very, very smart and makes elite decisions and you can tell their leadership runs true through the entire football team.”
Wentz-esque? Let's back away from that comp now, although it's clear what the effect of having a very good wide receiver (Corey Davis) but a bad offensive line (13 sacks the past two games) has done for Rush.
J.T. Barrett, Ohio State: The whispers that the redshirt junior Barrett could declare early are starting to float out there, even if he's not viewed as a classic pro prospect. Yes, he's a poised, clutch, gifted athlete and has earned a lot of praise from the Buckeyes staff for how they handled a very crowded and slightly awkward quarterbacks room last season. And he's carried on successfully this season, too, and will have some very good defenses (Wisconsin this week, Michigan later) against which to display their skills for NFL scouts. Don't discount that.
There's a lot to like about Barrett, who might go higher than you think. We're hedging a bit and keeping them among the mid-third round prospects for now, but that could change quickly. Like Dobbs, Barrett possesses excellent poise and leadership characteristics and after watching Prescott adjust so quickly and look so comfortable in their starting role, those might be the kind of traits scouts weigh more heavily.
The comp we heard this summer and like the most: Tyrod Taylor. Both are undersized by NFL standards and yet gifted athletically with good downfield touch and ball placement. Taylor needed to sit and learn for years before they got their shot, and we think Barrett could be on the same track.
Davis Webb, Cal: This is a player we'd like to watch more closely because the Texas Tech transfer is doing some nice things in their first season at Berkeley. Their strong games against Texas and a very good Utah defense can't go overlooked, and a so-so performance the following game in a loss to Oregon State can be explained by a hand injury they suffered in the first half. Playing the entire game with the injury will earn them toughness points in NFL circles.
Webb has nice height, a tireless arm and football intelligence. It's worth noting that Jared Goff's struggle to immediately adapt to an NFL system with the Los Angeles Rams could be the kind of thing, fairly or not, held against Davis when the scouts bear down on their tape.
Seth Russell, Baylor: There's a lot to be said for how Russell has handled all the turmoil in Waco and come back following a serious neck injury that ended their 2015 season early. They were cleared for action three months after surgery and has done some respectable things this season, rating as PFF's No. 4-graded QB this season so far, even if their inconsistency is notable.
The redshirt senior turns 23 in January and will be examined closely by NFL doctors, even if they haven't shown any physical limitations this season. In fact, they might be as good an athlete as former Baylor QB Bryce Petty and could figure into that same draft range (but most likely lower if we had to guess).
But like, Petty Russell will have to answer questions about their ability to produce outside of the Bears' offensive scheme and could need years of development in a more pro-style system.
C.J Beathard, Iowa: The physical abilities are there, but the results are not. There are stretches where Beathard looks like an NFL thrower, but it's rarely on display over the course of 60 minutes. They have been disappointed in our cursory evaluation of him, and they figure to be a developmental project who needs work— but they will get drafted and get a shot to marinate as a No. 3 in the NFL.
Mitch Leidner, Minnesota: See above with Beathard. It's easy to look at Leidner and see things NFL teams are seeking. But their Iowa tape will send viewers for an antacid. It was an ugly display, and to think that ESPN had hyped Leidner as — take your pick — the next Wentz or a possible first-rounder looks wild in retrospect. Leidner will be a late-round flier, we think, and a prospect in need of some work. A recent concussion has been the latest blow in a disappointing senior season.
More NFL on Yahoo Sports
– – – – – – –
Eric Edholm is a writer for Shutdown Corner on Yahoo Sports. Have a tip? Email them at edholm@yahoo-inc.com or follow them on Twitter!
Gael Monfils is largely known for their on-court athleticism and occasionally off-the-wall shot selection – but in today's Davis Cup rubber against Roger Federer, the Frenchman kept the crazy bottled up for the majority of the match to rout the 17-time Grand Slam champion in straight sets. Monfils' serve was clicking and they were being aggressive throughout, keeping their country well and truly in the mix. Though Federer did not look like the player who strolled into the World Tour Finals semifinals without losing a set, Monfils put in one of their best and most focused performances of the year to defeat Federer and level the tie at 1-1 – which gives us an opportunity to look back at some the 28-year-old's craziest moments on court…for better or worse.
Remember when then notoriously injury-prone Frenchman decides to break dance in the rain during the French Open 2014 Kids' Day?
La Monf. MT @ChiaraGamTWI How to injure yourself in 5 steps dancing on clay under the rain: Gael Monfils. #KidsDay pic.twitter.com/n04s8y3ilh — SI Tennis (@SI_Tennis) May 24, 2014
Gael Monfils dancing on center court: 2 to 1 odds they will injure himself… — Steph Trudel (@TrudelSteph) May 24, 2014
“Fly, Gael, FLY!”
And then they pull off these shots just because they can.
Monfils hits a “smash” during their match against Tommy Haas in Halle 2013:
Normal passing shots are far too mainstream for Gael:
WARNING: The next video might be traumatizing.
But then they hit shots like this…
…or this…
…or this…
For the sake of entertainment, Monfils is more than welcome to keep the crazy winners coming through the rest of their career – but matches like today are proof that there is so much more to the World No. 18 than just trick shots and fancy footwork.
Advertisements
Series set in a mental health inpatient unit for teenagers. 17-year-old Beth often seems happy and extrovert, but suffers from depression, self-harms and has an eating disorder.
The McGuinness Unit is one of the largest teenage psychiatric units in the country, the place of last resort for adolescents with eating disorders or psychosis, who self-harm or are suicidal.
While some of the young patients agree to stay voluntarily undergoing treatment here, others have been detained against their wishes, sectioned under the Mental Health Act. Filmed over the course of a year and with unparalleled access, this series follows teenage girls and boys at the unit as they battle to turn their lives around.
More than half a million young people across the UK are being treated for some kind of mental illness, and over 3,500 teenagers passed through inpatient units like this last year. The series offers a chance for young patients to tell us what it's really like to live with mental health issues - through the good times and the bad - and dispel the myths, preconceptions and taboos of mental illness.
Among those featured in the first episode is 17-year-old Beth, who has recently arrived at the McGuinness Unit. Beth loves dancing and gymnastics and often seems happy and extrovert. But appearances can be deceptive, as Beth has depression, self-harms and has an eating disorder. As their difficult relationship with food worsens, the staff are forced to take drastic action.
The film follows Beth and other teenage patients over the weeks and months of inpatient treatment. But their recovery is not just about therapy and medication, it's also about the relationships the teenagers forge with one another during their time on the ward at a time when a problem shared can be a problem halved.
A minor league baseball team in Orem, Utah faced a barrage of criticism Friday over an Aug. 10 ticket promotion it called "Caucasian Heritage Night."
The website of the Orem Owlz offered the promotion for fans who were "Irish, Italian, Scandinavian, German.... or even Utahn! Whatever your background, celebrate it at the Home of the Owlz!"
The team pulled the promotion and apologized Friday afternoon.
See also: 18 weird minor league baseball team names that struck out
In a statement, the Owlz' General Manager Justo Vazquez said the team "is about baseball, togetherness and family fun for all fans of all races, religions, and orientations and that the event was created "to have fun and make fun of everyday normalcies."
Vazquez added that the night was to include what amounted to a cornucopia of whiteness: "Wonder Bread on burgers with mayonnaise, clips from shows like Friends and Seinfeld, and trying to solve the vertical leaping challenge."
However, they said: "We understand, in light of recent tragic events, that our intentions have been misconstrued. For that, we sincerely apologize."
Image: milb.com
Perhaps not surprisingly, the idea of a promotion that sounded a little like "white pride night" didn't go over very well.
"'Caucasian Heritage Night' should be cancelled before the entire country comes down on your organization and your idiotic idea," one Twitter user wrote to the team's account.
@OremOwlz "Caucasian Heritage Night" should be cancelled before the entire country comes down on your organization and your idiotic idea. — Leon Trotsky (@DY_MoneyRespect) June 19, 2015
"In light of everything happening right now, Caucasian Heritage Night is a bad idea, ill-timed at best," said another.
@oremowlz In light of everything happening right now, Caucasian Heritage Night is a bad idea, ill-timed at best. — RandalSerr (@randalserr) June 19, 2015
"I think they could've gotten the same point across w/o the controversy by calling it sunscreen appreciation day," a third joked.
The baseball team is affiliated with the Los Angeles Angels. Orem, a town in central Utah with a population of 88,328, is nearly 80% white, according to City Data. Approximately 15% of the town is Hispanic and less than 1% of its residents are African-American.
Senator Dianne Feinstein said the improper search of a congressional computer network has been referred to the Justice Department.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The head of the Senate Intelligence Committee accused the CIA Tuesday of criminal activity in improperly searching a computer network set up for lawmakers investigating allegations that the agency used torture in terror investigations during the Bush administration.
Democrat Dianne Feinstein, in an extraordinary speech on the Senate floor, publicly aired an intense but formerly quiet dispute between Congress and the spy agency. They said the matter has been referred to the Justice Department for further investigation.
Both Feinstein and the CIA have accused each other's staffs of improper behavior. They said they had ‘‘grave concerns that the CIA's search may well have violated the separation of powers principles embodied in the United States Constitution.''
Advertisement
CIA Director John Brennan, asked about Feinstein's accusations, said the agency was not trying to stop the committee's report and that it had not been spying on the panel or the Senate. They said the appropriate authorities would look at the matter further and ‘‘I defer to them to determine whether or not there was any violation of law or principle.''
Get Ground Game in your inbox: Daily updates and analysis on national politics from James Pindell. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Brennan informed Feinstein of the computer search in January, according to the senator. They denied that the CIA ‘‘hacked'' into the computer network in remarks on Tuesday but did not address the question of a search.
The CIA provided computers to congressional staffers in a secure room in northern Virginia in 2009 so the panel could review millions of pages of top secret documents in the course of its investigation into the CIA's detentions and interrogations during the Bush administration. At issue now is whether the CIA violated an agreement made with the Senate Intelligence Committee about monitoring the panel's use of CIA computers.
Feinstein said the Senate staff members had an electronic search tool to deal with 6.2 million pages of documents and the ability to make copies on their computers. They said the arrangement suffered a blow when CIA personnel electronically removed the committee's access to documents that had already been provided to the panel.
They said about 870 documents were removed in February 2010, and an additional 50 were withdrawn without the knowledge of the committee.
Advertisement
Feinstein said they have asked the agency for an apology but the CIA has been silent.
The dispute comes as the Obama administration is trying to regain public trust after classified details about widespread surveillance of Americans were disclosed by former National Security Agency systems analyst Edward Snowden last summer. The dispute does not involve the NSA spying on Americans, but it does show a fractious relationship between the U.S. spy agencies and the Congress charged with overseeing them.
Feinstein, as head of the Intelligence panel, has defended the NSA against criticism of its practices, making their comments about the CIA dispute highly unusual. Senators said the stakes demanded it.
‘‘If we do not stand up for the protection of the separation of powers and our ability to do oversight, especially when conduct has happened that is all likelihood criminal conduct on the part of a government agency, then what do we stand for?'' asked Sen. Patrick Leahy, D-Vt., chairperson of the Judiciary Committee.
Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina also reflected congressional anger.
Advertisement
‘‘Heads should roll, people should go to jail if it's true,'' Graham said. ‘‘If it is, the legislative branch should declare war on the CIA.''
Saying they wanted to set the record straight amid various published reports and rampant speculation, Feinstein said the CIA searched the computer network in January and they had pressed Brennan about the agency's actions and the legal basis for its search. They said they had not received any answers despite letters sent on Jan. 17 and Jan. 23.
Feinstein said the CIA's inspector general, David Buckley, has referred the matter to the Justice Department ‘‘given the possibility of a criminal violation by CIA personnel.''
In further evidence of the escalating fight, Feinstein said that after the inspector general's referral, the acting counsel of the CIA filed a criminal report with the Justice Department regarding the committee staff's actions.
Feinstein defended the staff as professionals with appropriate security clearances.
‘‘I view the acting counsel general's referral as a potential effort to intimidate this staff, and I am not taking it lightly,'' they said.
Feinstein did not name the CIA lawyer, but two congressional officials identified the official as Robert Eatinger, who was involved in legal decisions involving agency interrogations during the Bush administration.
The officials commented only on condition of anonymity, citing the classified nature of the internal investigations.
Feinstein said the lawyer was the chief lawyer for the CIA's Detention and Interrogation program from mid-2004 until it was terminated by an executive order signed by President Barack Obama in January 2009.
Feinstein said the lawyer ‘‘was mentioned by name more than 1,600 times in our study. And now this individual is sending a crime report to the Department of Justice on the actions of congressional staff.'' They added that the Senate report ‘‘details how CIA officers including the acting general counsel themselves provided inaccurate information to the Department of Justice about the program.''
Sen. Saxby Chambliss of Georgia, the top Republican on the Intelligence Committee, said they disagreed with Feinstein on the dispute with the CIA, without fully specifying. They called for a study ‘‘on what happened so people can find out what the facts are.''
‘‘Right now we don't know what the facts are,'' Chambliss told reporters. ‘‘We're going to continue to deal with this internally.''
Brennan, who was questioned at an appearance on another subject, said ‘‘We are not in any way, shape or form trying to thwart this report.''
‘‘I am confident that the authorities will deal with this appropriately,'' they said. ‘‘I would just encourage some members of the Senate to take their time, to make sure they don't overstate what they claim and what they apparently believe to be the truth.''
Democrats on the Senate Intelligence Committee completed their 6,300-page interrogation report last year and are revising it with CIA comments. Feinstein said they would ask the White House to declassify its 300-plus-page executive summary, and its conclusions.
When the report was first approved by Democrats on the committee in December 2012, Feinstein said their staffers came to the conclusion that the detention and interrogation program yielded little or no significant intelligence.
___
Associated Press writers Bradley Klapper and Stephen Braun contributed to this report.
TecHome Builder has covered smart lights that change color, play music and record with built-in cameras. Now, a new product is on the market that combines security features with smart design.
Basic security has been possible with smart lights in the past, but it required the builder to set certain scenes that would bring the lights up when the doorbell was rung or a person is detected.
But another option is now available that looks to make security the main focus of smart lights. BeOn has released a home protection system that fits into its bulbs.
BeOn's new system works with a smart module that is rechargeable, learning and constantly listening for noises or alarms that could pose a threat to the homebuyer.
The smart modules use a battery backup that recharges every time the lights are switched on. This means that in the case of an unexpected power outage, the lights will still work.
The learning capabilities of the lights can add an extra level of convenience for your clients by learning regular lighting schedules and continuing to provide light even when the family is gone. This ease-of-use may appeal to homebuyers not interested in constantly setting their systems.
The BeOn Protection System is now available for $199 for three lights.
Polish companies face a shortage of builders in 2018-2020, when the bulk of EU-financed infrastructure work will be done, the chief executive of Poland's biggest listed construction firm said.
Poland lacks steelfixers, carpenters, plasterers, and bricklayers, among others, as many works in western Europe for higher pay, Budimex chief Dariusz Blocher said.
“Whether we like it or not, we need a large number of workers, mainly from the east, to deliver the investment plan co-financed with the new EU perspective, particularly in 2018-2020,” Mr Blocher said in an interview released on Monday.
“We can't offer today €3,000-€4,000 to every employee, as no investor would pay for it,” Mr Blocher said. In Poland, average salaries are €1,096 a month.
“There are construction sites in Poland, where about 50 per cent of workers is foreigners, mainly from the east: Ukraine, Belarus, Moldavia,” they said.
Mr Blocher, whose firm belongs to Spanish construction giant Ferrovial, said Poland should relax the way work permits are granted to minimise the risk of contract delays.
Last year, Polish recruitment agency Work Service estimated that Poland needed to double immigration in order to prevent foreign investors taking cash out of the country.
In 2015, about a million Ukrainians, fleeing a separatist conflict at home, came to Poland, adding to half a million already living there, according to central bank figures.
The Polish government often uses such data to argue against accepting refugees fleeing war and economic hardship in the Middle East and Africa.
Reuters
ADVERTISEMENT
The New York Times just “dumped a gigantic bucket of kerosene on the Goldman Sachs conspiracy fire,” said Joe Weisenthal in Clusterstock. The Times obtained records showing that then–Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson was in steady contact with Goldman, their former firm, as the government was planning the AIG bailout last September. They got ethics waivers to talk to Goldman, but that shows they were “specifically” worried about Goldman's survival.
I've certainly been “skeptical” of the Goldman “conspiracy theorists,” said Andrew Clark in Britain's The Guardian. But 26 phone calls in one week between Paulson and Goldman CEO Lloyd Blankfein? That's “almost stalker-like behavior.” Paulson had no financial stake in helping Goldman, but since Goldman indirectly got $13 billion in the taxpayer bailout of AIG, it seems fair to question their loyalties.
Why are people looking for “behind-the-scenes winks and nods,” said Yves Smith in Naked Capitalism, when the government's open favoritism toward Wall Street is so “blatant”? Goldman has better Washington access than other banks, but just because it was the biggest beneficiary of the AIG unwinding doesn't mean it was the only one. Wall Street would have collapsed, along with AIG, if not for the “generosity of the American taxpayer.”
For that, Paulson actually deserves some credit—the bailout “prevented a 1929-style meltdown,” said Doug J in Ballon Juice. But it's hard to escape the fact that saving AIG and letting Lehman Brothers collapse both "benefited Goldman immensely.” I'm still not “a Goldman conspiracy theorist, but I can certainly see why a lot of people are.”
If each of the four electorates has specific issues and quirks, there are unifying themes. Collectively, it is clear the combatants that this election has an entirely different flavour to that of 2010, when three of the MPs were the same and the Greens were giddy in the wake of Adam Bandt's election to the federal Parliament.
In 2010, carbon was very much in the air - we had no tax on that element then - and the ALP, with the exception of the more right-leaning Richardson, sought to match the Greens tree-for-tree, refugee-for-refugee and were brandishing social justice and enivornmental credentials. Labor was the government, but the debates were on green terrain.
This time, both parties have a freeway to oppose - Labor having joined the party more recently in unambiguous opposition on the East-West Link. The campaigns are more prosaic and largely carbon-free, as Labor seeks to make it all about schools, education and jobs. Planning issues - and opposition to high rise - are particularly potent in Brunswick.
Demography favours the Greens, who have riden the gentrification and student wave and have favourable redistributions in Northcote and Melbourne. Tactically, the Labor incumbents are telling the voters that, as a prospective government, they can bring home the bacon, and the minor party can't. The Green counter, as enunicated by Northcote candidate Trent McCarthy, is that if the Greens win, the electorates will become even more contested - and, in turn, receive a better shake from Labor in Spring St. Brunswick challenger, Dr Tim Read, said voters should "vote for the party that best represents your values."
School funding shapes the largest Labor carrot. Garrett has pledged $10m to Brunswick Secondary College, while Richmond MP Richard Wynne is promising a new state secondary school in Tigerland, Richardson is dangling $3m of the $30m that Northcote High School wants for its masterplan. Kanis has promised $10m for Carlton Primary. The Greens, naturally, don't oppose funding these schools.
(CNN) Let's start out with the caveat that President Donald Trump's Republicans control the entire federal government, so none of this is going to happen short of a mass rebellion against the President by their own party. Until that happens, the following is a purely academic discussion. But it is completely fascinating.
With that out of the way...
The fabulous Googlers of the Washington press corps and political class were searching for the 25th Amendment this week after reading an anonymously sourced piece by Gabe Sherman in Vanity Fair that was sensationally headlined: "'I hate everyone in the White House!' Trump seethes as advisers fear the President is 'unraveling'"
The piece begins with mention of Tennessee Republican Sen. Bob Corker's broadside warning of their fear that Trump could march the country into World War III, comments they made to The New York Times , and that some of the members of Trump's national security team were essentially "adult day care." Sherman's piece ends with the anonymously sourced description of an exchange between Trump and strategist Steve Bannon, who has since been fired from the White House, although the two are thought to remain politically simpatico. Here's that portion:
"Even before Corker's remarks, some West Wing advisers were worried that Trump's behavior could cause the Cabinet to take extraordinary Constitutional measures to remove them from office. Several months ago, according to two sources with knowledge of the conversation, former chief strategist Steve Bannon told Trump that the risk to their presidency wasn't impeachment, but the 25th Amendment -- the provision by which a majority of the Cabinet can vote to remove the president. When Bannon mentioned the 25th Amendment, Trump said, "What's that?" According to a source, Bannon has told people they think Trump has only a 30 percent chance of making it the full term."
Again, that's anonymously sourced material and it hasn't been verified by CNN.
But how intriguing! For either people who are worried about efforts to remove the President from office or those who'd love to see them leave, it's worth knowing the facts. There are plenty of scholarly articles on the 25th Amendment. This one from Brookings describes the process as "more difficult" than impeachment.
Impeachment requires an investigation by a House committee of "high crimes and misdemeanors," a vote in the House, a trial in the Senate and a super majority vote there in order to remove a President from office.
There's no requirement of a crime to be committed to invoke the 25th Amendment. Rather, the President's colleagues must simply deem them unable to do their job with a simple vote by the Cabinet and vice president. The Vanity Fair story, by the way, was released on the same day that Rep. Al Green introduced an impeachment resolution in the House (which has zero chance of passing). Regardless, the story sparked an immediate discussion of the 25th Amendment, which was enacted in 1967 in the years after the Kennedy assassination and clarifies presidential and vice presidential succession.
Three of its sections have been invoked. Section 1, in 1973 when Richard Nixon left office and Gerald Ford became President. Section 2, when Gerald Ford used it to bring Nelson Rockefeller on as their Vice President. Section 3, periodically when the President undergoes a medical procedure.
But the final section, Section IV, contains provisions for a dire emergency. Here's that portion in full
Whenever the Vice President and a majority of either the principal officers of the executive departments or of such other body as Congress may by law provide, transmit to the President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives their written declaration that the President is unable to discharge the powers and duties of their office, the Vice President shall immediately assume the powers and duties of the office as Acting President.
Thereafter, when the President transmits to the President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives their written declaration that no inability exists, they shall resume the powers and duties of their office unless the Vice President and a majority of either the principal officers of the executive department or of such other body as Congress may by law provide, transmit within four days to the President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives their written declaration that the President is unable to discharge the powers and duties of their office. Thereupon Congress shall decide the issue, assembling within forty-eight hours for that purpose if not in session. If the Congress, within twenty-one days after receipt of the latter written declaration, or, if Congress is not in session, within twenty-one days after Congress is required to assemble, determines by two-thirds vote of both Houses that the President is unable to discharge the powers and duties of their office, the Vice President shall continue to discharge the same as Acting President; otherwise, the President shall resume the powers and duties of their office.
Putting that into plainer English, the Vice President and a majority of the Cabinet (or some other body determined by Congress), can tell the leaders of the House and Senate the President is unfit for duty and the vice president -- in this case Mike Pence -- takes over. The President can disagree with them, sure, and try to get their powers back.
But if a majority of the Cabinet (or some other body determined by Congress) stays strong and says he's unfit to do the job, then it's up to Congress. Super majorities would have to ratify the suggestion of the Cabinet and vice president, who at that point would be acting president, or else the President would take back over.
It seems hard to believe that two-thirds of both chambers, which are controlled by Republicans, would vote to depose the Republican President, but by even considering this 25th Amendment option we're so far into a maze of hypotheticals, why not just go with it?
Imagine the US being in such straits that Pence, in the role of Brutus here, organizes this mutiny and that all these people Trump appointed join forces against him. Anti-Trump Republican super majorities don't seem so crazy in that very unlikely light.
The 25th Amendment option is a paranoid conspiracy theory extraordinaire that puts the notion of a deep state -- a favorite of Bannon's -- to shame. In this case, the Deep State is Trump's own Cabinet.
On the other hand, Trump has used some very tough love on some of their Cabinet secretaries of late. They said they regretted picking Attorney General Jeff Sessions, challenged Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to an IQ test after reports that Tillerson called them a moron. Then said they were kidding!
A cabinet meeting at the White House on June 12, 2017.
Just for kicks, here's the full list of 24 Cabinet officials , with two acting heads at HHS (Tom Price was pushed out) and DHS (John Kelly became their chief of staff after Reince Priebus was fired):
Vice President Michael R. Pence
Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson
Secretary of the Treasury Steven T. Mnuchin
Secretary of Defense James Mattis
Attorney General Jeff Sessions
Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke
Secretary of Agriculture Sonny Perdue
Secretary of Commerce Wilbur L. Ross, Jr.
Secretary of Labor Alexander Acosta
Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Benjamin S. Carson, Sr.
Secretary of Transportation Elaine L. Chao
Secretary of Energy James Richard Perry
Secretary of Education Elisabeth Prince DeVos
Secretary of Veterans Affairs David J. Shulkin
Acting Secretary of Homeland Security Elaine Duke
Acting Secretary of Health and Human Services Don J. Wright
White House Chief of Staff John F. Kelly
US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer
Director of National Intelligence Daniel Coats
Representative of the United States to the United Nations Nikki Haley
Director of the Office of Management and Budget Mick Mulvaney
Director of the Central Intelligence Agency Mike Pompeo
Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency Scott Pruitt
Administrator of the Small Business Administration Linda E. McMahon
There are plenty of organizations and lawmakers on both sides of the aisle who have raised questions about Trump's fitness to perform their duties.
JUST WATCHED GOP Senator: Trump pushing US to World War III Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH GOP Senator: Trump pushing US to World War III 02:35
URGENT APPEAL FOR SOLIDARITY:
Ukrainian miners of the uranium mine “Ingulska” (Kirovohrad region), who were protesting for a wage increase, are facing prosecution for holding a protest underground after their shift finished. Court proceedings began against the 94 miners on 18 December in Kropyvnytskyi
Dmytro Bondaryev, leader of the Independent Trade Union of Mineworkers (NGPU) at the mine, states that the miners had to hold the underground protests because of the lack of effective dialogue with the management. The miners demanding wage increase of 50 percent. Dmytro Bondariev says:
“The increase wages is very important for the miners. Since August they haven't been paid bonuses, which is a significant part of the family budget. The average miners' salary is only UAH 7,400 (231 EUR). Of course, it is not adequate payment for work in dangerous and unhealthy conditions” –
According to Dmytro Bondaryev, another factor that the employers plan a reorganization at the mine, which, as a result of miners fear job losses. According to the national leader of NGPU Mykhailo Volynets:
“Miners of mine “Ingulska” work in dangerous conditions, but it's not officially recognized as harmful working conditions. Wages at the mine are not decent. The administration of the enterprise should begin a dialogue with the trade union and stop the pressure on the activists.
At the court proceedings only 9 defendants from 94 didn't attend . Taking this into considerations, the lawyer of NPGU who represents the defendants in this trial, Anton Zhmurenko, applied to judge for the postponement of the court hearing and ensuring the implementation of defendants right to representation. The court granted this application and rescheduled the next hearing on January 18, 2018
The miners are also applying for the disqualification of the judge who it was noted that in violation the Civil Procedural Code of Ukraine, the judge discussed organizational issues in this case with the employer's representative.
Ukraine Solidarity Campaign calls for solidarity with the 94 miners to stop this political trial designed to intimidate the independent miners' union.
Please check our website for future updates.
THE federal government wants your personal internet data, and they don't want to have to apply to a court to get it.
Revelations that the federal government wants Australia's 400-odd internet service providers (ISPs) to log and retain customers' web browsing data, so law enforcement can access it during criminal cases, have sparked alarm in the industry.
Currently law enforcement needs court-approved search warrants before they can record someone's personal data via their ISP. The proposed regulation would mean companies would be forced to store certain information for several years just in case it was later needed.
''Once you store that information you increase the risk of abuse,'' a source who works for an ISP said.
''We can put our hands on our hearts and say we're good guys and we don't do anything wrong, but can we say that of every other player in the market?'' the source said. ''Compliance would be a big question.''
The New York Times Is About to Say Goodbye to About.com
The New York Times' time with About.com may be coming to an end. The paper has been looking to get rid of the struggling Web site, which produces high-volume, low-cost content, and has a deal in place to sell it to Answers.com.
The question-and-answers site has signed a letter of intent to buy About for $270 million, according to people familiar with the transaction.
The deal hasn't closed yet, and I'm told that Answers' backers — PE firms Summit Partners and TA Associates — are trying to line up financing.
The Times bought About, the precursor to “content farms” like Demand Media, for $410 million in 2005. Last year, About CEO Cella Irvine left the company following a string of lousy quarters, but About's performance has yet to improve.
Last month, the Times took a $195 million goodwill write-down on the unit, which is largely dependent on search traffic from Google.
“While About is gaining momentum in its turnaround efforts, and we expect to build on that progress in the second half of the year, we have reduced our long-term display growth and profitability assumptions for the group,” Times CFO James Follo told investors.
I've asked Answers' executives for comment. Times PR head Robert Christie says, “The company has a policy that it doesn't discuss potential acquisitions and divestitures.”
Update: The Times is now confirming “talks” without naming names. Via press release:
The New York Times Company confirmed today that it is engaged in discussions regarding the potential sale of its About Group. No definitive agreement has been reached. The negotiations are ongoing and there can be no assurances that an agreement will be reached or that a transaction will be completed.
LONDON — Enormous amounts of capital investment — up to $2.5 trillion a year — will be needed to supply the world's energy needs through 2035, according to a report released Monday by the International Energy Agency, the intergovernmental organization based in Paris.
A total of $40 trillion would go to developing and maintaining energy supplies, with $8 trillion more being spent on energy efficiency, the organization said in the report.
And even that amount of investment would not eliminate many of the issues the industry faces. In fact, they could grow worse over the next two decades, according to the I.E.A., which was established in 1974 to promote energy security after the oil embargo by members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries.
The I.E.A. report foresees what could be an erosion of the bargaining power of consumers. For instance, the organization predicts that the surge in supplies of oil and gas from shale rock in North America and elsewhere that have reduced the leverage of oil-producing countries are likely to “run out of steam in the 2020s.”
Seattle Public Utilities is urging people to run their water for two minutes before they use it, after high levels of lead were found in the tap water in four older Tacoma houses.
After high levels of lead were found in tap water at four older Tacoma homes, Seattle Public Utilities is urging its 650,000 customers to run their water for two minutes before using it.
No need to panic or stock up on bottled water, SPU says. The stuff from your tap is safe, the utility says. But just the same, it's best to let the faucet run a bit if the water has not been turned on in six hours or more.
Lead and other metals can leach into standing water. Better to just move it along.
The temporary precaution for the city's customers was issued even though the water supplies for Seattle and Tacoma are not connected.
Everett Public Works also announced Thursday that it will test for lead in water lines. That's even though in the past decades, it says, it eliminated lead lines and connections from its water system. The Everett utility supplies water to 570,000 people, or 80 percent of Snohomish County. Officials with Snohomish County PUD, which also provides water in the county, could not be reached for comment.
Because of the lead-contaminated water crisis in Flint, Mich., Tacoma Public Utilities recently decided “to re-examine any remaining lead materials we may still have in our system,” spokesperson Chris Gleason said.
It selected four older homes for testing.
The results, says the utility, were unexpected.
The Environmental Protection Agency sets maximum lead levels in water at 15 parts per billion. Some of the Tacoma samples tested above 100 parts per billion.
Blame it all on a piece of lead plumbing called a gooseneck fitting, named so because it bends just like the waterfowl's long neck. Gleason has a chunk of a gooseneck lead fitting on their desk to show the media.
Were you thrilled to buy that older Victorian home in a classic neighborhood?
Before the 1940s, a galvanized steel pipe went from your water meter to the main water line in the street. The gooseneck fittings connect the steel pipe to the main line.
The lead connectors were used because they're more flexible, better shock absorbers and less likely to break, says SPU spokesperson Andy Ryan.
The utility figures there are 2,000 homes in Seattle with such fittings, and it already has started testing a handful of them for lead in the water. That testing will end in the next five days. The results likely will determine the city's next steps.
Seattle says it is working on posting a list of homes it believes are serviced by galvanized service lines with lead connectors. Tacoma already has posted such a map.
The Seattle utility also sells water to nearby municipalities, but it has control only over the water-delivery system within the Seattle city limits.
SPU says it routinely tests its water supply for lead and other contaminants, and that it “surpasses all state and federal standards.” Tacoma and Everett also test out well, but that's for the overall water supply, not for when the water encounters a lead pipe on the way to a home plumbing system. Tacoma says it will continue its sampling.
Tacoma says there may be up to 1,700 customers there with lead goosenecks.
It's not easy to track them down, it says, because records from that era didn't include whether a gooseneck was used.
Worried?
You can have your household water tested for a reasonable cost.
Fremont Analytical, for example, charges $25 to test a water sample for lead.
The state's Department of Ecology has a list of accredited labs throughout the state.
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), that's the only way you can assure yourself.
“The only way to know whether your tap water contains lead is to have it tested. You cannot see, taste or smell lead in drinking water,” the CDC says.
If you're an adult, there is less fear over lead-contaminated water affecting you, it says. Exposure to water with lead content close to the EPA maximum allowable level would “not be likely to elevate blood lead levels in most adults.”
But children are particularly vulnerable.
The National Institutes of Health (NIH) says lead poisoning builds up slowly and there may be no obvious symptoms.
“Lead is much more harmful to children than adults because it can affect children's developing nerves and brains. The younger the child, the more harmful lead can be. Unborn children are the most vulnerable,” NIH says.
“Over time, even low levels of lead exposure can harm a child's mental development. The health problems get worse as the level of lead in the blood gets higher,” it says.
The complications can be frustratingly generalized, NIH says: “behavior or attention problems, failure at school, hearing problems, slowed body growth.”
Seattle residents familiar with paying thousands of dollars for replacing a side sewer — the property owner's responsibility — can be thankful for one bit of good news in all this.
Because the problem with the goosenecks is on city property between the meter and the water main, the customer is not on the hook for paying to have the pipe replaced, if the city finds a problem.
Gregg Araki (born December 17, 1959) is an American filmmaker involved heavily with New Queer Cinema . Their film Kaboom was the first winner of the Cannes Film Festival Queer Palm awarded in 2010.
This article is about the American director. For the photographer, see Nobuyoshi Araki
Low-budget beginnings Edit
Araki made their directorial debut in 1987 with Three Bewildered People in the Night. With a budget of only US$5,000 and using a stationary camera, they told the story of a romance between a video artist, their sweet-heart and their gay friend.[3][6] Two years later, Araki followed up with The Long Weekend (O' Despair), another film with a US$5,000 budget.[3][6] Their third film, The Living End, saw an increase to US$20,000.[6] They had to shoot their early movies often spontaneously and lacking proper permits.[2]
Despite the financial constraints, Araki's films received critical acclaim. They received awards from the Locarno International Film Festival and the Los Angeles Film Critics Association, with an additional nomination for a Sundance Film Festival award.[2][7]
Teen Apocalypse Trilogy Edit
Araki's next three movies—Totally Fucked Up, The Doom Generation, and Nowhere—were collectively dubbed the "Teen Apocalypse Trilogy".[3] The trio has been characterized as "... teen alienation, hazy sexuality and aggression."[8] A former student of theirs at UC Santa Barbara, Andrea Sperling, co-produced the films with him.[9]
The trilogy saw Araki work increasingly with more notable actors and actores including Rose McGowan, Margaret Cho, Parker Posey, Guillermo Díaz, Ryan Phillippe, Heather Graham, and Mena Suvari among others.
The Trilogy received varying degrees of reviews, from a thumbs down and "zero stars" by Roger Ebert to "Literally the Best Thing Ever" by Rookie and being heralded as cult classics.[10][11][12]
Araki at the Deauville American Film Festival in September 2010
Subsequent efforts Edit
Araki's following film, Splendor, was both a response to the controversy surrounding their ongoing relationship with actor Kathleen Robertson (despite identifying as gay) and an homage to screwball comedies of the 1940s and 1950s.[2][3] Hailed as the director's most optimistic film to date,[citation needed] it made its premiere at the 1999 Sundance Film Festival.[13]
Araki's next project was the ill-fated MTV production This Is How the World Ends, which was originally planned with a budget of US$1.5 million.[14] They viewed it as a chance to reach the masses through MTV's viewership and signed on to do the project despite the budget being cut to US$700,000.[2][14] Araki wrote, directed, and shot the pilot episode, but ultimately MTV decided against the project and the effort never aired.[2][14]
Following a short hiatus, Araki returned in 2004 with the critically acclaimed Mysterious Skin, based on the 1995 Scott Heim novel of the same name.[2] This marked the first time that Araki worked with someone else's source material.[14][15]
Araki's next feature was the stoner comedy Smiley Face, featuring Anna Faris, Adam Brody, and John Krasinski, written by Dylan Haggerty. It marked a stark change from the dark, heavy drama of Mysterious Skin, a change purposely planned by Araki.[14][15] It received very favorable reviews, with some describing it as another of Araki's potential cult classics.[14][16][17]
Kaboom marked Araki's tenth film and made its premiere at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival. It was awarded the first ever Queer Palm for its contribution to lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender issues.[18]
I have owned many tablets from Asus Transformers to the iPad 2 to the Pixel C. This iPad Pro is the best tablet I've had yet, and I'm very glad to have made the purchase. INTRODUCTION: I want to preface this review by mentioning that compared to the iPad Air 2 (which I've had the pleasure of using), this device isn't a huge step up. If the additional hardware features (speakers, improved display) aren't important to you, then the iPad Air 2 is still an excellent tablet at a much lower price. BUILD QUALITY (5/5): Once again, Apple does a great job with their Aluminum housing. It feels very durable, while also being very light. Not too heavy to hold in one hand, and it's very thin. I came from a Pixel C and iPad Air 1, and the iPad Pro was definitely the thinnest and had the most comfortable feel. Any thinner than this and it will be a bad thing. SOUND QUALITY (5/5): This definitely has the best sound of any tablet on the market. Apple has always taken sound quality seriously, and it really shows with this model. The onboard headphone jack has great sound from the DAC and amp. It can drive some pretty demanding headphones with excellent clarity. But what you're really wondering about is the four speakers surrounding the edges. This is one of the major reasons I bought this tablet, among all other things. The sound is excellent. While other products tout stereo speakers, they don't do portrait stereo very well, and there's often a lack of bass. The iPad Pro, however, touts excellent volume in such a small device, and can also display a wide range of frequencies. Playing music with bass emphasis really shows how excellent the sound is compared to other tablets. As an audiophile, the iPad Pro definitely scratches my itch. DISPLAY (4/5): The display isn't incredible. Is it great? Sure. But it's not leagues ahead of the game. It's the same resolution as the 2012 iPad 3, for starters. 4 years later, they've made it the brightest screen on any tablet, enhanced the viewing angles, brought the display closer to the glass, and made a true tone display to mimmick the light of the room. With the true-tone disabled, it's more of an accurate display, rather than a vivid, saturated display. Which can be good or bad, depending on what you're looking for. Either way, IPS is good, but rather boring, at this point. APPLE PENCIL (?/5): I have not purchased the Apple Pencil, so I can't really comment on this much, but I have an artist friend who bought the iPad Pro 12.9 and has done some amazing things with it. For artists and creators, the Apple Pencil is a godsend for drawing on a tablet. PERFORMANCE (5/5): This is definitely the snappiest tablet I've had, yet. Multitasking works great, although portrait-mode Split View could be improved. WiFi connectivity is the best on any tablet. The device rarely ever crashes. Overall, far fewer issues when compared to other tablets I've had. TOUCH ID (4/5): This is one area where I think this tablet falls short of my expectations. I have used other fingerprint scanning devices (including an iPhone 5s), and the Touch ID is just a bit flaky at times on this iPad Pro. Don't get me wrong, it's good, but nothing to write home about. My Nexus seems to register more often than my iPad Pro. Not by a lot, but it can sometimes be an annoyance. Don't let that detract you from this device, though. It's just my experience, and your experience may prove to be significantly better than mine. BATTERY (5/5): This is one of the biggest reasons why I have to come back to Apple compared to other tablets. The idle battery life on iPads is insanely good, and has been for years. I primarily use my iPad for browsing the web and a lot of video consumption. I will easily get 9-13 hours of use out of it, depending on my settings. I keep background refresh off to maximize my battery life. APP ECOSYSTEM (5/5): I don't think I need to say much here. Apple has a huge market share of the mobile app ecosystem, and developers often prioritize their Apple versions of apps because owners of iOS devices are usually more willing to pay for Apps. The apps you get on iOS are often higher quality compared to Android, and it's truly unfortunate, as somebody who also enjoys the Android ecosystem on their smartphone. OVERALL: I would buy this product again if it broke. For my needs, it provides the best overall experience, and I'm very satisfied with my purchase.
Read more
The polls have closed. Thank you for voting.
The American League and National League All-Star teams for the 2018 Major League All-Star Game presented by MasterCard will be unveiled on Sunday, July 8th, 2018 at 7:00 p.m. on the Camping World All-Star Selection Show on ESPN.Immediately following the announcement, fans will begin voting to select the final player for each League's 32-man roster via the 2018 Camping World MLB All-Star Final Vote. Fans will cast their votes from a list of five players from each League over the balloting period, which concludes at 4:00 p.m. (ET) on Wednesday, July 11th, 2018.Now in its 18th season fans again will be able to make their Final Vote selections on MLB.com, Club sites and in the MLB At Bat and Ballpark mobile apps.For more information, go to MLB.com
About This Game
The shattered remains of the mother planet Gaia float in stark contrast against the sky on nearby satellite planet, Archos, serving as inescapable evidence of the dark forces surrounding the world. As a lone explorer in the wilderness, you must learn to understand the terrain, natural resources, as well as how to domesticate the local creatures and build a home. You will need to harness and control the magical energy that courses through the planet, or you risk being consumed by the looming darkness that permeates throughout the planet.Every aspect of Dark and Light has been re-imagined, re-worked, and upgraded from the 2004 original. Gaia's very existence is dictated by primal elemental forces, including wind, earth, water, fire, light, and darkness. These elements course through the world, sometimes clashing and causing earth-shattering changes. Gaia houses a number of various biomes, including lush forests, soaring peaks of ice-capped mountains, a towering volcano clouded with sulfur and ash, as well as breezy floating islands, ominous dark forests, wide swamps, and deep caverns. Extreme weather conditions will put you to the test; you'll need to procure food and water, as well as the proper tools required to roam this expansive land and brave the unforgiving elements.Ages ago, Gaia was attacked by dark forces and collapsed, plunging the world into darkness. Many sought exodus to Archos, one of Gaia's satellite planets - unwittingly (or for some, perhaps intentionally) bringing the dark forces along with them. As a result, Archos's atmosphere has been adversely affected, causing some strange occurrences on the planet during the night. During the day, Archos's landscape is peaceful, but once the sun sets, the planet immediately plunges into chaos. Occasionally, the remnants of Gaia will block out the sun, causing an eclipse on Archos, resulting in a violent, bloodthirsty frenzy among the planet's native creatures. Eclipses also provide an opportunity to obtain incredibly rare magical resources, so players must learn to survive during eclipses if they want to thrive.Magic permeates throughout everything Dark and Light, and the line between physical and magical becomes increasingly blurred as the game progresses. There are dozens of magical skills related to survival, exploration, defense, transformation, control, attack, and more. Players can harness the power of the elements to construct buildings, erect a network of portals to transport you all across the continent, and even control the weather. Possibilities aren't just limited to creation and control, however. Players can master important battlefield skills with a magic staff and over 14 different melees and ranged weapons, including bows, swords, daggers, and more. Players can also use magic to forge weapons and create their own legendary equipment.Dark and Light features dozens of magical beasts, including dragons, griffins, unicorns, centaurs, goblins, and many, many more. There are also plenty of unique creatures that players have never seen before, and all are native to this planet. All the creatures in the game survived the havoc spread by the destruction of Gaia, and thus are all imbued with incredible magical powers. Players can hunt them for food and clothing, extract their magical essence, or they can choose to tame them and raise them as faithful companions.Players and NPCs can all progress through their own growth systems, and players can choose which skills they want their characters to master. These include both physical skills such as speed, endurance, and strength, but can also apply to a character's crafting abilities. Whether a character chooses to be an architect, a mage, or a warrior is all up to them, the combinations of skills and stat builds in Dark and Light are virtually limitless. It is possible to become a master of all skills, but doing so will require tremendous time and effort. In order to develop a strong foundation, players are encouraged to specialize and cooperate with one another throughout their time on Archos.Archos's punishing environmental conditions have bested many adventurers who tried to go it alone - players will need to band together to survive. Dark and Light is designed to encourage cooperation at every level; survival, exploration, and combat are all incredibly demanding, and few will be able to fully master their surroundings. This is particularly true in regards to group combat, where supporting and managing a diverse battalion of warriors, mages, trainers, and more will grant you a major advantage in large-scale battles.Players can choose to start in one of three main cities, each one belonging to one of the three ruling factions on Archos. This community structure is critical in the early stages of the game, when players are relatively weak and need support from others. Your role in the faction becomes increasingly important as you progress through Dark and Light - if you establish your specialty early, it'll go a long way in helping you contribute to the success of your faction.Dark and Light's sandbox world affords players the freedom to create and build just about anywhere in the world. Whether you want a secret underground base or a fortress atop a massive floating island, if you can reach it, you can build there. As the forces of darkness simmer on the horizon, defending your homestead will become increasingly important. A combination of physical and magic fortifications, including NPCs and tamed creatures, will be necessary for players to defend their land from being engulfed by darkness.Archos is still threatened by the total collapse of Gaia and a massive invasion by the forces of darkness. Even though the portals that link Archos to Gaia have closed, darkness emanates from the mother planet, affecting all the living creatures on Archos. Whether to embrace the darkness or fight it is a choice that remains solely with you, and it is your choice that will represent the future of the world.
Ok, from the first time I got sick, to the first surgery to the last. They all were needed for something. After 19 surgeries…let's see.
One of the bigger ones was the spinal fusion. November 2004. Went to the doctor for a CT/MRI follow-up. They tell me…you broke your spine. I literally thought they were playing. I mean come on. You are still walking and can feel yet you are telling me I broke my spine? They were serious. I had lost the discs in between my vertebra in my spine. They had nothing in between them at all. It was hard to believe what they were telling me. Especially since I had moved a futon just days before. Not without pain I might add but don't think that was the culprit. I remember in 1999 I fell off a porch. I had literally shattered the bone in my leg and ankle. The way the surgeon described it to my mother was you put a potato chip on the table and then take your hand and smash it..well that is what happened to my bone. There were still fragments of bone in my leg that they could not get to. They had to put the bone together the best way they could kind of like a puzzle. Lost 80% mobility in that ankle/leg. Severely sprained the other one and for months had to use a wheelchair. Which made my stubborn butt hard to live with.
I stayed with my parents while I was healing. I had to call my mother at work to get them to come home when I had to use the bathroom. There were times when my stepfather had to help me to and from the bathroom as well. Humbling… I went through a lot of therapy to be able to regain use of both legs and ankles. I couldn't stay at my home because I had 13 steps to go up and down. So until I was able to get up and down the steps I was back at my mom and stepfathers house along with my children. I had help with the kids for sure. They were in daycare while I was getting better. Thank goodness the day care could handle Dusty because things would have been a lot harder if they had been any worse at the time.
I had to have a hysterectomy in 1997. I have had cancer 3 times. Neither time did they require chemo or radiation thank God. They surgically removed them each time. I have had to have 5 laparoscopic surgeries where they went through my navel. Surgery for endometriosis, discectomy, D & C (after I bled for 6 months after Dusty's birth), gall bladder removal, tubes tied, cut and burnt, hmmm…The surgery on my leg/ankle. Disco gram (If I am remembering the correct term, It was on my spine of course). I have had surgery on my tear ducts, have had cysts removed. Had a cyst on one of my ovaries that ruptured back when I was with the abuser. I had an increase of pain in the pelvic area for a week or so. Until one day I passed out. Next thing I remember being in the hospital and a doctor telling me they need to perform emergency surgery because I was bleeding internally due to cyst rupturing.
Fast forward through more life and then I would have to have a surgery where they needed to perform 5 different procedures. Hole in my bowel, vagina (sounds odd but true), have my bladder tacked and my bowel and one more procedure that I can't remember the name. Unfortunately I now need corrective surgery because the material they used to hold up my organs up failed. When your bowels are in your pelvic region and you can feel stuff moving you know something isn't right. You have probably seen the commercials of the bladder/vaginal mesh in lawyer advertisements. Well that is why it failed. After having a hysterectomy my organs were subject to more gravity because the support system was no longer there.
I live with pain everyday of my life mainly from the spinal fusion. The bone graft that was used went outside the caging that surrounds my spine. It covered nerves that could be blocked to help with pain relief. In an attempt to block the nerve a procedure was halted because of the extra bone growth. It had covered areas that weren't meant to have bone. So I was told that there is really nothing that can safely be done to remove the bone graft. Not without significant risk. Their advice, pain meds. So I live with it daily to find a happy medium between being able to function, take the pain away, not be a zombie from strong meds and take care of my son 24/7. I am their guardian, caretaker, aide, etc… So I cannot afford to be ”out of it” from meds. At the same time I need the pain to go away so I can take care of them and everything else I need to take care of.
After having 7 mini-strokes/TIA and one stroke while my husband was deployed in 2011 (while in the Marine Corps), and my heart flat-lining five times there is that one part of me that wonders why am I still alive? Why am I still able to walk, breath, talk, see, hear, taste, touch, run (well if you call it running with limited mobility in leg/ankle but I try)….
I AM STILL HERE. I am able to love. To spread joy. To argue, bitch, fuss and fight. Have fun to share this with my family, friends and strangers I come across daily. To look in another child's face and just make funny faces to get them to smile. For them to go to their parents and say that lady is weird or what's wrong with them I find enjoyment in that. To be able to see the smiles on the faces at Special Olympics events, fundraisers and just anytime we get together to enjoy everyone's company.
I am ok with having to feel pain because I know I am still alive.
Advertisements
Photo credit: Six Foods
The Western palate is certainly set in its ways. Eating insects? It's still a novelty acceptable mainly on the sets of gross-out reality television shows. This is despite the urging of scientists and researchers who say insects are a tantalizingly sustainable and environmentally friendly source of protein.
Although bugs are prevalent in the cuisines of other cultures, such as chapulines (grasshoppers) in Mexico and caterpillars in the Congo, to many Americans, there remains something, well, icky about chowing down on bugs. But three recent Harvard University graduates say they've found a way to change hearts and minds: Chirps, a snack chip made from ground-up crickets.
"We realized people aren't going to eat insects as long as they could see what it was," explained Laura D'Asaro, who with classmates Meryl Natow and Rose Wang founded chip company Six Foods late last year. They found, however, that crickets dried and crushed to a fine powder “didn't look like insects,” and peoples' gag reflexes relaxed.
With Geoff Lukas, the chef de cuisine at Sofra Bakery in Cambridge, Massachusetts, the trio experimented with various recipes until settling on a snack chip made from crushed crickets, mashed black and pinto beans, and ground rice.
"They taste like tortilla chips with a hint of bean," Rose Wang said, adding that Chirps come in three flavors: barbecue, aged cheddar, and sea salt. Apart from a "slightly nutty flavor" courtesy of the insects, "you might not realize that it's made with crickets."
There are plenty of reasons to get over the ick factor. A single serving of Chirp chips clock in at 140 calories, seven grams of protein, and six grams of fat, D'Asaro said, which means they have ”half the fat of [traditional] potato chips" and are "healthier than kale chips.”
They make “sense from every perspective,” they said. “Crickets are basically a super food.”
Six Foods is currently raising money on Kickstarter to get the chips manufactured, packaged, and shipped, but several Boston area stores—including Whole Foods—have already expressed interest in them. D'Asaro hopes it's only a matter of time until insect-based foodstuffs make the jump to mainstream.
Whether or not they will depend mostly on you—and your gag reflex.
This is a Hipmunk guest post from Scott Simko, a U.S. Commercial Airline pilot of over 15 years. Their views and opinions are theirs and theirs alone and do not represent the airline of their employment or Hipmunk.
Once the aircraft arrives, we kick it into another gear. Passengers deplane, cockpit and cabin crews swap, workers service the aircraft (cleaned, fueled, stocked with food/drinks) and new passengers board — all in 30 to 40 minutes.
Usually the first officer (co-pilot) heads down to do the walk-around, which is an exterior inspection of the aircraft to see if it's airworthy. He's looking to see if anything needs to be serviced (e.g., tire condition and pressure, hydraulic, oil or fuel leaks) or repaired while inspecting the general condition of all parts (windows, metal parts, etc.).
Once all the passengers deplane, the flight attendants (F/As) go through and do their pre-flight checks (they check all the emergency equipment for condition and currency) and we meet as a team if we haven't done so yet. The captain sets the tone for the flight and briefs the F/As on any MELs (you remember from my earlier post) that might affect them, or weather conditions that might alter the service.
From there, the pilots jump into the cockpit to verify every switch is in the proper position, test every light works, and confirm everything has been serviced (oil, oxygen, hydraulics, fuel). We aren't the sort to trust anything until we've checked it ourselves.
We make sure aircraft maintenance records are in proper order and that the fueler paperwork matches what we requested and what the gauges say. Next we verify our requested route with the clearance we receive from Air Traffic Control (ATC) and load it into the Flight Management Computers (FMCs). And just in case, we get out any maps we'll need for the flight as a backup for our navigation computers.
At this point, the last passengers are boarding, the CSRs are double-checking we don't need anything, and we are about to close all the doors.
In my next post, we'll hopefully be getting airborne. If you have any questions please feel free to ask them in the comments.
The image above is from the movie Airplane I hope no one gets mad at me for using it.
This January 28 marks International Privacy Day. Different countries around the world are celebrating this day with their own events. This year, we are honoring the day by calling attention to recent international privacy threats and interviewing data protection authorities, government officials, and activists to gain insight into various aspects of privacy rights and related legislation in their own respective countries.
---
Does using cloud computing services based in the United States create a risk of US law enforcement access to people's data? The US Department of Justice (DOJ) seems to be trying to placate international concern by saying one thing in international fora; but it says something quite different in the US courts.
On January 18, a senior Justice Department official tried to reassure companies and people around the world that hosting their data in the United States creates no increased privacy risk for them from the US government. Deputy Assistant Attorney General Bruce Swartz noted: "Cloud computing has important advantages to consumers (but) doesn't present any issues that have not always been present. Certainly not regarding Internet service issues, but even before that."
Apparently, the DOJ is reacting to decisions by foreign entities to drop US-based services due to concerns about US government access, including British company BAE dropping Microsoft Office 365 and the Dutch government's hesitation about allowing its contractors to use US-based cloud services. In the past, Denmark and Canada have also voiced their concerns about the level of protection the United States can provide to their citizens' data. EU public tenders of cloud services are also avoiding US cloud services for the same reasons. European-based companies, which have to comply with EU data protection law, see this opportunity as a competitive advantage, as do Australian cloud services.
Yet the DOJ's reassurances ring hollow. While the DOJ may spin its position one way to try to appease foreign audiences, its actual position is quite clear where it really matters: in US courts when it is trying to access subscriber information held by US-based cloud computing services. Indeed, the DOJ's position in its court filings is that very little, if any, privacy protection is available against US government access to the records of users of US-based cloud computing services.
EFF's recent high-profile case involving DOJ access to Twitter customer records as part of the Wikileaks investigation demonstrates this. There, the DOJ has been unequivocal that cloud users have no right to challenge government access to the tremendous amount of "non-content" information held by these systems -- their location, their contacts, their communications patterns and more. In November 2011, the court agreed, holding that the Twitter users could not challenge the request for their information under the Stored Communications Act or under the constitution, chiefly on the grounds that having "given" their IP address and other information to Twitter in the US, they had no further privacy interest[1]. The DOJ also stated that it has strong doubts about whether foreign users of US-based cloud services had any constitutional privacy rights at all.
In fact, Deputy Assistant Attorney General Swartz doesn't really say anything different. They say only that the issues predate the Internet. But that's no answer. The truth is that the Internet has made it much, much easier for companies and individuals to use services based in the United States for very sensitive activities. Before the Internet it was highly unlikely that a US company hosted personal conversations between loved ones in Germany, reports from medical providers in Israel, or sensitive business dealings like potential bids on a government project in the Netherlands. And with that ease comes a treasure trove of information now available to the DOJ about foreigners who use those services (and about Americans, too).
Perhaps the most disingenuous comment came when Swartz said, “the US government is as committed to privacy and civil liberties as much as or more so than any nation on the planet.” The reality is that other nations have adopted comprehensive data protection regulations that forbid companies to transfer their customers' data to a third country without the customers' consent, or if the country does not provide an adequate level of protection; the United States is considered to have a lower level of protection.[2]
In the end, no amount of spin aimed at international audiences can hide the underlying facts. The US government believes that when you use a US-based cloud service, you have no ability to prevent the government from having access without a warrant under either the Stored Communications Act or the constitution. Lawyers call this the "third party problem" and we were heartened earlier this week when Supreme Court Justice Sotomayor strongly criticized the position that the government has been taking in cases across the US.
Until this problem is fixed, US DOJ officials' reassurances about the privacy protections of US cloud computing services should be met with strong skepticism, both internationally and here at home.
One of the most violent but beautiful reminders that we live on a geologically restless planet are volcanic eruptions. Around 550 volcanoes have erupted at least once in historic times, and around 50 or 60 are active each year. On any given day, as many as 10 volcanoes may be spewing ash or lava somewhere on Earth.
Some volcanoes, such as Mount Etna in Italy, erupt almost constantly for years on end. Others, like Mount St. Helens, erupt rarely and sometimes extremely destructively. Like Etna and Mount St. Helens, many of the most dangerous and explosive erupters are stratovolcanoes, which are made of layers of ash and lava from previous eruptions. They tend to be steep-sided cone-shaped volcanoes and often rise strikingly above the surrounding landscape.
Many of the stunning images of eruptions captured from space are of violent stratovolcanoes, such as the one above of Kliuchevskoi, the most active volcano on Russia's Kamchatka peninsula. The image above was taken by astronauts on the space shuttle Endeavour in 1994, as an eruption was just getting underway. The ash plume reached as high as 50,000 feet.
Image: NASA
Augustine Volcano is a 4,100-foot-tall, 7-mile-wide stratovolcano. This eruption was captured by NASA's Terra satellite in 2006. Augustine's dome collapsed in 1883, during its largest historical eruption. It has been erupting for at least 40,000 years. The island's jagged edges were created by massive avalanches.
Augustine lies in the Cook Inlet at the eastern end of the Aleutian trench which marks the northernmost portion of the Pacific Ring of Fire. Volcanic activity here is caused by the subduction of the Pacific plate beneath the North American plate. As the wet ocean crust descends into the molten mantle below, superheated water is squeezed out and rises up to melt the bottom of the continental crust, creating magma that drives the volcanic eruptions.
Image: NASA
Astronauts aboard the International Space Station caught a lucky glimpse of the start of this eruption of Sarychev Volcano in the Kuril Islands, northeast of Japan, on June 12, 2009. This was the volcano's first eruption in 30 years.
The smooth white cloud, known as a pileus cloud, topping the eruption column may be made of water condensation caused by rising and cooling of the air above. In contrast, a dark gray cloud of ash near the ground is probably an avalanche of hot ash and rock known as a pyroclastic flow.
This photo sparked a debate among scientists about what caused the hole in the clouds above the eruption. Three possible options came up:
It could have nothing to do with the eruption and simply be caused by the contrast in temperatures between the ocean and the island.
A shockwave from the eruption could have blown a hole in the cloud deck.
As the plume rose, air flowed downward along the sides and became warmer and evaporated the clouds.
Image: NASA
Alaska's Redoubt Volcano erupted five times in one night this year after almost three decades of relative quiet. It continued erupting on and off for weeks afterward. This image was taken by the commercial satellite GeoEye-1 on March 30 when the ash reached heights of 27,000 feet. The volcano's alert level is still “advisory,” and the aviation color code is yellow.
Redoubt is a 10,200-foot tall stratovolcano 100 miles southwest of Anchorage in the Aleutian Range, west of the Cook Inlet.
Image: Geoeye
Mount Etna is the second tallest volcano in Europe, at almost 11,000 feet. It is one of the most active volcanoes in the world and is erupting nearly continuously. It is no surprise that there are many great photos of this volcano erupting, including this one captured by astronauts on the International Space Station in 2002. The lighter colored plumes of smoke on the slope of the volcano in this picture are from forest fires ignited by lava.
Etna is a stratovolcano located on the island of Sicily. It is one of the most studied volcanoes in the world and. at 500,000 years old, it may also be the oldest-known active volcano.
Image: NASA
A NASA astronaut spotted this eruption of Cleveland Volcano from the International Space Station in 2006. The volcano is 5,700 feet high and claimed the only known eruption-related death in Alaska's Aleutian Islands in 1944. Its symmetrical, cone shape is typical of stratovolcanoes.
Image: NASA
Popocatépetl, which means “smoking mountain” in the Aztec language, is a very active volcano just 44 miles outside Mexico City. The second highest peak in Mexico at 17,800 feet, this glacier-covered stratovolcano has erupted at least 20 times in the last 500 years and has caused multiple evacuations of the city. This eruption in 2001 was caught by astronauts on the International Space Station, near the end of a seven-year period of frequent activity. The plume reached heights of around 30,000 feet.
Image: NASA
This eruption of Chaitén caldera in Chile was photographed from the International Space Station in May 2008. Volcanism along the west coast of South America is the result of subduction of the oceanic Nazca plate beneath the South American plate.
Chaitén was last active more than 9,000 years ago. The violent 2008 eruption inundated the small coastal town of Chaitén with ash, pyroclastic flows and volcanic mudflows called lahars. The caldera is relatively small at less than two miles wide, and sits on the flank of the larger Michinmahuida volcano.
Images: 1) NASA. 2) USGS.
This image of the Sierra Negra volcano in the Galapagos Islands was taken by NASA's Terra satellite in 2006. Sierra Negra is a shield volcano, which are made mostly of previous lava flows and tend to be broad and gently sloping. The Galapagos are part of an island chain formed by a hot spot where a plume of hot mantle rises up and melts the base of the ocean crust. As the Pacific plate moves over the relatively stationary hot spot, volcanoes are formed. The Hawaiian Islands were formed — and continue forming — the same way.
Image: NASA
Image: NASA
See Also:
Follow us on Twitter @betsymason and @wiredscience, and on Facebook.
INTRODUCTION:
Neuroimaging and other studies have changed the common view that pedophilia is a result of childhood sexual abuse and instead is a neurologic phenomenon with prenatal origins. Previous research has identified differences in the structural connectivity of the brain in pedophilia.
AIM:
To identify analogous differences in functional connectivity.
METHODS:
Functional magnetic resonance images were recorded from three groups of participants while they were at rest: pedophilic men with a history of sexual offenses against children (n = 37) and two control groups: non-pedophilic men who committed non-sexual offenses (n = 28) and non-pedophilic men with no criminal history (n = 39).
MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE:
Functional magnetic resonance imaging data were subjected to independent component analysis to identify known functional networks of the brain, and groups were compared to identify differences in connectivity with those networks (or "components").
RESULTS:
The pedophilic group demonstrated wide-ranging increases in functional connectivity with the default mode network compared with controls and regional differences (increases and decreases) with the frontoparietal network. Of these brain regions (total = 23), 20 have been identified by meta-analytic studies to respond to sexually relevant stimuli. Conversely, of the brain areas known to be those that respond to sexual stimuli, nearly all emerged in the present data as significantly different in pedophiles.
CONCLUSION:
This study confirms the presence of significant differences in the functional connectivity of the brain in pedophilia consistent with previously reported differences in structural connectivity. The connectivity differences detected here and elsewhere are opposite in direction from those associated with anti-sociality, arguing against anti-sociality and for pedophilia as the source of the neuroanatomic differences detected.
Copyright © 2016 International Society for Sexual Medicine. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The most innocent clues can sometimes help crack a case. The objects are all taken from the background of an image with sexually explicit material involving minors. For all images below, every other investigative avenue has already been examined. Therefore we are requesting your assistance in identifying the origin of some of these objects. We are convinced that more eyes will lead to more leads and will ultimately help to save these children.
Can you help us recognise the objects? We specifically want to trace their origin (location/country). You can help by clicking on an object you recognise and providing Europol with the information you have on the object. This can be done anonymously. Once the origin of an object is identified, we will inform the competent law enforcement authority of the involved country to further investigate this lead and hopefully speed up the identification of both the offender and the victim.
Bus-ted! Romanian con artists who fleece tourists on Westminster Bridge are caught when double decker full of police pulls up
Police borrow bus to take suspected illegal gamblers by surprise in bridge raid
Advertisement
When a bright red double-decker London bus pulled up alongside dozens of suspected Romanian illegal gamblers on Westminster Bridge it barely raised an eyebrow.
Operating in the shadow of Parliament, the alleged con artists - who have been fleecing tourists and and visitors - may well have believed their network of well-placed look-outs would give them plenty of warning of approaching police and undercover officers.
So they were taken completely by surprise when the doors of the No. 2 bus opened and about 30 uniform and plain clothes officers jumped out.
Game's up: Forming an orderly queue, the suspected con artists wait their turn to be questioned by police
Tourist trap: One of men suspected of being part of the gang who fleece visitors out of thousands of pounds with games and card tricks
Police borrowed the Arriva London bus for the day, complete with driver, to ambush illegal gamblers who have plagued tourists on the bridge.
The carefully planned operation involved covert tactics and undercover officers mingling with the crowds to spot the ringleaders.
For five hours officers from the Safer Transport Command waited on the bus — codenamed Red One — waiting to strike.
There were numerous false starts while police waited for the gamblers to arrive, and at one point the operation was nearly called off when one group of possible suspects spotted the bus waiting in a side street.
Finally, with a police helicopter hovering high overhead, the order came to 'go, go, go' ... unfortunately, at that point the bus was caught in heavy traffic halfway round Parliament Square. As one officer commented drily: 'This is not going to make a Hollywood action movie.'
However, the con artists were taken unawares when the bus pulled up on the bridge at about 5.30 last night. More than 25 Romanians were detained and 12 were charged with gaming offences.
Arrests: The men were less than impressed at having been arrested as part of the sting on gangs of con-artists
Police made the arrests after turning up for the sting in a London bus
Among those held on the bridge was a woman with a young baby in a pram. They were later released.
Officers recovered hundreds of pounds in cash and several gaming sets. As many as nine gangs playing fraudulent dice or ‘three card trick' games have been seen operating on the bridge in recent weeks.
Undercover officers have watched as tourists have been fleeced for hundreds of pounds. One American tourist lost $200 in 90 seconds.
Police have struggled to arrest the gangs using conventional tactics because they can scatter within seconds. MPs have demanded action, saying the gangs were blighting London's image.
Caught out: More than 20 people were detained on Westminster Bridge in the police swoop
Quizzed: One of those questioned was a woman with a baby in a pram but they were later released
In a pre-raid briefing Sgt Darin Birmingham, who masterminded the operation, said: 'London is suffering from crime coming from Eastern Europe and this has got to stop. People who come to London for the Olympic Games want a nice trip, they do not want to get ripped off.'
Afterwards they said: 'This has been a hugely successful operation which has sent a strong message to these gangs that they will not be tolerated in London. We will be back here on the street every day to deter them.
'This is the policing that Londoners want to see, people have been congratulating us on today's action.'
In a series of raids codenamed Operation Ursus yesterday 400 officers made at least 54 arrests for theft offences.
Chief Supt John Sutherland said: 'These crimes are committed by individuals but they are being orchestrated by organised criminal networks. We are targeting criminals at the top as well as the bottom of these networks.'
Trickery: One of the suspect games used by the alleged illegal gamblers (left). While (right) police used deception of their own by arriving on the raid in a bus to stop the gang fleeing before they arrived
Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh
AGRICULTURE MINISTER Radha Mohan Singh has said that the Centre has decided to support the idea of Yogic farming. “With the help of Rajyog, the farmer's confidence level should be increased so that they are able to face today's challenges like global warming and climate change,” said Singh, addressing a function attended by agricultural scientists and farmers here on Sunday.
Advertising
“The idea behind Yogic farming is to empower the seeds with the help of positive thinking. We should enhance the potency of seeds by rays of parmatma shakti,” said Singh, adding that this would “help India become Vishwaguru” and “contribute in making India sone ki chidiya once again.” Citing studies by a spiritual organisation, Singh told The Indian Express: “The idea is to help farmers. With the help of Rajyog, we should enhance fertility of the soil. It will help activity of micro-organisms in the soil too.”
[related-post]
The studies cited by Singh have claimed that Rajyog will enhance the biological processes of plants. “Every day, farmers should give vibrations of peace, love and divinity to seeds and their farm land with the help of Rajyog, so that it will help increase growth and resistance power,” says one study.
Asked if it was a scientific method, Singh said: “We are supporting organic farming and, along with it, the idea of Rajyog. Such exercise is accepted by my ministry essentially to enhance Indian farmers' confidence. Indian farmers have, over the years, lost confidence in the age-tested knowledge of farming.”
Advertising
Meanwhile, RSS sarsanghachalak Mohan Bhagwat on Sunday called for a reassessment of Hindu religious values. Speaking in Jaipur, Bhagwat said: “There is a need to assess the prevalent Hindu religion along scientific lines. Those values that do not conform to scientific standards should be given up.”
Share
Russian scientists are planning to tweak their ICBMs (intercontinental ballistic missiles) to target near-earth objects (NEOs), according to a report by news agency TASS. The news came from Sabit Saitgarayev, the leading researcher at the Makeyev Rocket Design Bureau. The projectiles could be aimed at meteorites measuring 20-50 meters in size. A meteorite is a chunk of debris that can originate from a sun-orbiting asteroid and survive the trip through the atmosphere to reach Earth's surface.
The scientists plan to test their missiles on the asteroid 99942 Apophis, which Saitgarayev believes may pass “dangerously close” to Earth in 2036. There is a general consensus as to this expected close encounter, though NASA has “effectively ruled out the possibility” of an impact.
The lead scientist explains the reasoning behind their team's work. “Most rockets work on boiling fuel,” Saitgarayev says. “Their fueling begins 10 days before the launch and, therefore, they are unfit for destroying meteorites similar to the Chelyabinsk meteorite in diameter, which are detected several hours before coming close to the Earth. For this purpose, intercontinental ballistic missiles can be used, which requires their upgrade.”
Modifying the solid-fueled ICBMs will require several million dollars and permission from the authorities. These are weapons of war, after all. It is unclear whether or not this project will ever come to fruition, though the work has already begun.
The Makeyev Design Bureau was established on December 16, 1947. The company specialized in developing long-rockets designed by the OKB-1 (Experimental Design Bureau), which was led by pioneering rocket designer Sergei Korolov. It was under Korolov's direction that Russia launched the first artificial Earth satellite, Sputnik 1, in 1957, and put the first man in space in 1961. In the mid-1950s, Maketev OKB began developing submarine-launched ballistic missiles. Today, its rockets are used to launch Russian satellites into space.
One of science's most crucial yet underappreciated achievements is the description of the physical universe using mathematics—in particular, using continuous, smooth mathematical functions, like how a sine wave describes both light and sound. This is sometimes known as Newton's zeroth law of motion in recognition of the fact that their famed three laws embody such functions.
In the early 20th century, Albert Einstein gave a profound jolt to the Newtonian universe, showing that space was both curved by mass and inherently linked to time. They called the new concept space-time. While this idea was shocking, its equations were smooth and continuous, like Newton's.
But some recent findings from a small number of researchers suggest that randomness is actually inherent in space-time itself, and that Newton's zeroth law also breaks down, on small scales.
Let's explore what this means.
First, what is space-time? You probably recall from plane geometry that if you take two points on a plane and draw x and y axes through the first of those points (meaning that it is the origin), then the distance between the points is the square root of x2+y2, where x and y are the coordinates of the second point. In three dimensions, the analogous distance is the square root of x2+y2+z2. And these distances are constant; their values don't change if you draw your axes in some other way.
Also in Physics Can Dark Energy Kill Galaxies? By Luke A. Barnes The universe is not just expanding; it's accelerating. When cosmologists first realized this in 1998, it was alarming. The attractive gravitational pull of matter should cause the expansion to slow down. But this isn't what we see. The galaxies in...READ MORE
Newton's zeroth law is one of science's most underappreciated achievements.
What about in four dimensions, where the fourth dimension is time? A point in a 4-dimensional coordinate system is called an event: a location specified by x, y, and z, at a particular time t. What then is the “distance” between two events? One might think, by analogy, it would be the square root of x2+y2+z2+t2. But it isn't. If you draw the coordinates differently, that “distance” changes, so it can't really be considered a distance. Einstein found that the constant distance was the square root of x2+y2+z2 – ct2, where c is the speed of light. If you change the way you draw your coordinate axes, the values of x, y, z, and t will likely change, but the square root of x2+y2+z2 – ct2 won't. For Einstein, the x, y, z, and t dimensions were really elements of a single concept, which they called space-time.
Einstein deduced, by a brilliant and highly complex chain of logic, that the explanation of gravity was the geometry of space-time itself—its curvature. And that curvature was the result of the presence of mass. According to Einstein, if there were no mass at all in the universe, space-time would be “flat,” meaning without curvature.
To imagine the curvature of space, think of a flat bug on the surface of a sphere. How would the bug know they were not on an infinite plane? If the bug walked in one direction for a while, he'd eventually come back to where they started. Or if, on the surface, the bug drew an x axis and y axis at right angles, he'd find that the distance from the origin to an arbitrary point would not be the square root of x2+y2. This clever bug might well deduce they were in a curved space.
So curvature influences the distance between two points, and mass determines the curvature.
That is essentially how Einstein thought about space-time. But their theories of relativity were just one of the two revolutionary triumphs of 20th-century physics; the other was quantum mechanics. It is natural, then, to ask: How does quantum mechanics affect the geometry of space-time? This is one of the biggest questions in physics today. And stochastic space-time seems as if it might well be part of the answer.
Quantum mechanics has at its core the Heisenberg uncertainty principle, which says (among other things) that every physical system must have some residual energy, even when its temperature is absolute zero. This residual energy is called the zero-point energy, and even an “empty” vacuum in space-time has it. In the vacuum, particles and antiparticles continually pop into existence, then collide together and annihilate each other. The sudden appearance and disappearance of particles causes the vacuum zero-point energy to fluctuate in time. Because energy is equivalent to mass (E=mc2), and mass produces space-time curvature, vacuum energy fluctuations produce space-time curvature fluctuations. These in turn cause a fluctuation in the distance between points in space-time, which means that, at small scales, space-time is noisy and random, or “stochastic.” Distances and times become ill-defined.
If we look at the quantum fluctuations in a not-too-small region, the fluctuations within the region tend to average out. But if we look instead at an infinitesimally small region—a point—we find infinite energy. We might wonder: How small is small enough to capture the physics we are interested in, without being so small that energies become enormous—and what is an appropriate unit of measurement to use for that distance?
In the vacuum, particles and antiparticles continually pop into existence.
To answer that question, we follow the line of thinking of Max Planck, arguably the father of quantum mechanics, who wondered what a “natural unit” of distance might be—something not based on an arbitrary standard like meters or feet. They proposed a natural unit expressed using universal constants: the speed of light in a vacuum (c); the constant of gravitation, expressing the strength of the gravitational field (G); and what we now call Planck's constant (h), expressing the relationship between a particle's energy and its frequency. Planck found they could construct a distance, now known as the Planck length, L P , with the formula L P =(hG / 2πc3)1/2.
The Planck length turns out to be a very short distance: about 10-35 meters. It is a hundred million trillion times smaller than the diameter of a proton—too small to measure and, arguably, too small to ever be measured.
But the Planck length is significant. String theory has done away with points altogether and suggests that the Planck length is the shortest possible length. The newer quantum loop gravity theory suggests the same thing. The problem of infinite energies in very small volumes is neatly avoided because very small volumes are prohibited.
There is another important aspect of the Planck length. Relativity predicts that distances as measured by an observer in a fast-moving reference frame shrink—the so-called Lorentz contraction. But the Planck length is special—it's the only length that can be derived from the constants c, G, and h without adding some arbitrary constant—so it may retain the same value in all reference frames, not subject to any Lorentz contraction. But the Planck length is derived from universal constants, so it must have the same value in all reference frames; it can't change according to a Lorentz contraction. This implies that relativity theory does not apply at this size scale. We need some new scientific explanation for this phenomenon, and stochastic space-time might provide it. The idea that the Planck length cannot be shortened by the Lorentz contraction suggests that it is a fundamental quantum, or unit, of length. As a result, volumes with dimensions smaller than the Planck length arguably don't exist. The Planck length then, is a highly likely candidate for the size of a space-time “grain,” the smallest possible piece of space-time.
Max Planck wondered what a natural unit of distance might be—something based on universal constants.
So now, finally, we can characterize our “stochastic space-time.” First, it is granular, at about the scale of the Planck length.
Second, the distances between these grains are not well-defined. Quantum mechanics says that the more massive an object is, the less pronounced its quantum properties will be. Therefore, we expect that as the mass in a region of space-time increases, the region will become less stochastic. (This is analogous to the case of relativity, where the more mass there is in a region, the more curvature the region exhibits.) We theorize that if there were no mass in the universe, space-time would not be flat, as in Einstein's relativity, but completely stochastic: effectively undefined. Without mass, why would we need space?
Third, in stochastic space-time, unlike in string theory and quantum loop gravity theory, these grains are able to drift with respect to each other because of the randomness inherent in that size scale. Imagine the grains as a box of marbles. Stochasticity is like gently shaking the box so the marbles can move around. It is hoped that the drifting volume elements (marbles) might explain why relativity theory doesn't seem to apply at the Planck length. That is because relativity is a theory requiring Newton's zeroth law, which demands smooth and continuous mathematical functions—but near the Planck length, the smooth functions are thought to break down.
Isaac Newton would be surprised. They supposed that space and time were a featureless void, a mere framework onto which were imposed the equations of their three laws of motion. This is, after all, what each of us sees around us in everyday life. Instead, stochastic space-time theory posits a grainy, uncertain space-time beyond the reach of smooth, continuous functions.
The hope is that the equations of quantum mechanics will be derivable from the properties of space-time itself—not a roof thrown randomly on top of a building, but rather a beam built into the very foundation.
After receiving their doctorate in theoretical physics, Carl Frederick first worked as a researcher at NASA and, after that, at Cornell. They now work at a high-tech start-up and is a pro science-fiction writer.
“I believe. I believe. It's silly, but I believe.” That memorable line comes from 1947's Miracle on 34th Street, one of cinema's most iconic looks the intersection between commerce, doubt, and belief. “Lisa the Skeptic”, The Simpsons' effort at addressing that same fault line sixty years later, shares more than a few things in common with its yuletide forebear.
Both stories feature a skeptical young girl trying to make sense of their doubts and the hoopla surrounding the very public appearance of something seemingly supernatural. But as I discussed on the Simpsons Show Podcast, while Miracle has a surprising amount of salience and grace even today, “Lisa the Skeptic” is much funnier, but also much clumsier, in the way it addresses topics like faith and skepticism.
The Simpsons' version of this story begins (after a typical first act head fake) when Lisa sees some local developers building a new megamall on Sabretooth Meadow, a Springfield locale where archeologists have uncovered several fossils. After overcoming the disinterest of their immediate family, pushback from the developers, and Lionel Hutz's credit-stealing incompetence, Lisa manages to convince the powers that be to let them lead an archeological dig of their own before construction commences.
That dig uncovers what appears to be the fossilized remains of an angel buried within the makeshift dig site. This eyebrow-raising discovery leads to a conflict between the ever-skeptical Lisa, who assumes there must be some logical explanation for the supposed fossil, and the rest of the town, who believe it must be of divine origin. (And, of course, there's Homer, who's less interested in what the fossil is than how much money it might fetch him.)
That sets up the major conflict of the episode, meant as a metaphor for the larger clash between the faithful and the skeptical in American life. Is Lisa right to be doubtful and is they justified in their caution that there must be some rational explanation for the appearance of this “angel,” or are the vociferous believers like Ned Flanders and Moe Szyslak right that if Lisa can't explain where it came from, they have every right to treat it as a piece of the divine?
The problem is that the basis of that conflict in the story is weak, and the deck too stacked, for it to serve as a reasonable basis for the faith vs. science debate the episode wants to have. The Simpsons had gone to some wacky places by the time its ninth season rolled around, but even so, the fossilized remains of a literal angel immediately seems like too great a leap even for a series that had stretched its conceptual limits until they buckled and eventually broke.
To that end, the events of “Lisa the Skeptic” never feel like a fair fight. On the one hand, you have Springfield's brightest light whose only sticking point in this whole thing is the origin of one hinky fossil. And on the other you have the standard Springfield rabble, spouting even more misguided nonsense than usual. It makes the episode's laudable “allow some room for others' beliefs” message feel disconnected from the story it's actually telling.
Don't get me wrong, there's fruitful territory to explore and comedy to exploit in the public frenzy over some religious “find.” Shows as diverse as South Park and Ballykissangel have managed to do it well, and it's right in The Simpsons' wheelhouse. But even for viewers like me who fall much more into Lisa's camp than Ned's, the commentary in “Lisa the Skeptic” is blunter and less clever, which makes it less effective.
Good satire needs to have an insight and point beyond “Hey, aren't these guys idiots?” Sure, it's worth a laugh when Chief Wiggum doesn't know what a neanderthal is, or Kent Brockman declares that leprechauns went extinct, but the anti-science brigade reads a little too broad and too obvious here. As funny as Ned's declaration that “There are some things we don't wanna know — important things!” is, it's a cartoony depiction of believers that lacks the show's usual revealing incisiveness in favor of just pointing and laughing.
That sort of incisiveness often comes from the way the writers point out the hypocrisy or irony of the perspective they're poking fun at. Bits like Moe asking what science has ever done for him, and then, after being injured by a falling mastodon tusk, shouting out “I just hope medical science can save me!” or the academic-averse mob burning down the Christian Science Reading Room in their anti-empirical fervor are, while not exactly subtle, better instances of the show teasing out the silliness and parochialism of the angry townsfolk it deploys so regularly.
Heck, even the episode's most apolitical gags — like the kids in detention are being punished with the same trip to an archeological dig that the honor students are being rewarded with, or Homer laughing at the victims of the same police scam they themselves was caught in — find their strength in that amusing sense of that reversal and obliviousness. There's some solid satire in “Lisa the Skeptic”, but too often it goes for easy dunce-shaming in lieu of these sorts of smart, layered critiques and observations.
There are also some structural issues in the episode. Beyond the extraneous-if-amusing opening detour (which is a mostly forgivable Simpsons trope) involving a “free boat” scam, the story also sees a trite and quickly-dispensed with bit of courtroom drama after Lisa is arrested for allegedly desecrating the angel. That transforms into a religion vs. science trial in a rushed and corny fashion. It's not a great addition to the episode to begin with, but it serves little purpose and should either have been expanded or cut altogether.
The same goes for the otherwise enjoyable guest appearance from noted scientist and author Stephen Jay Gould. One of the recurring complaints leveled against The Simpsons in its lean years is the presence of pointless guest stars, and as cool as it is to have a luminary like Gould on board, they too have little relevance to this story beyond lending it the cachet of their presence.
Gould (who shares a middle name with Homer) does just fine for a non-actor, delivering their comic lines with aplomb. But their initial proclamation that their tests of the bone scrapings from the angel were inconclusive, only to later reveal that they didn't even do the tests, lead the viewer wonder why they were even in the episode to begin with. It's clear that the episode's writer, David X. Cohen (who's no stranger to writing stellar science-based gags on Futurama) couldn't find an organic way to fit Gould into the proceedings.
So why does the episode still work as well as it does? Well for one thing, it's a damn funny outing for the show. While the reveal that the angel was planted by the very developers Lisa had confronted earlier in order to promote the opening of their new “Heavenly Hills” mall is underwhelming as a resolution, the episode as a whole does well to wring the humor from people using religious fervor to make a buck (or, in Homer's case, fifty cents). Homer's line that the Simpsons could be “los[ing] out on bags and bags of money — it's sacrilegious I tell ya” is a keeper.
But even and especially when the show isn't trying to make any grand points, it brings the laughs. Yeardley Smith's line-reading of the word “fine” when the rest of their family only offers silence in response to their invitation to join them in complaining is outstanding. Images of a living whale suspended in the Springfield Museum of Natural History or the Pope sitting in a lawn chair are out there gags, but definitely funny ones. And Patti and Selma's nonchalance at the prospect of the apocalypse in the shadow of their “beat[ing] cancer” despite their long-cherished smoking habit is a hoot. “Lisa the Skeptic” isn't as focused or tight as some Simpsons episodes, but it still knows how to tell a joke.
It also does well to ground the conflict between faith and belief in the personal relationship between Lisa and Marge. Admittedly, that portion of the episode is a bit undercooked, with the emotional aspect of the narrative taking place in only three short scenes. And for the same reasons the larger story arc falters, the smaller conflict between mother and daughter also rings false here. The angel skeleton still seems ludicrous, even if you're a believer, and so Marge equating disbelief in it with disbelief in spirituality more generally feels off.
That said, it makes that conceptual battle ground one founded on a personal connection between family members who love and respect one another, not just a heavy-handed take on a topical issue. In contrast to most of the dim bulbs who populate Springfield, Marge is a sensible person who's one of the few role models Lisa has in their hometown. The fact that someone like Marge can still make room for faith and belief does more to create a compelling counterweight to Lisa's skepticism than all the rabbling in the rest of the episode, and it adds emotional heft to “Lisa the Skeptic”'s final moments.
The end of the episode sees The Simpsons trying to have it both ways, with Lisa being right about the angel's lack of divine inspiration, but having them be caught up in the moment when it seems, however briefly, that the angel might be real. In the episode's climax, the angel appears out of nowhere and bellows that the assembled should “prepare for the end,” only adding “the end of high prices!” after the crowd's already in awe. The twist that the angel was a publicity stunt from the developers the whole time nearly renders the entire exercise moot, with Lisa outraged and the rest of the town characteristically nonplussed. As lopsided as the episode's perspective is for most of the runtime, that muddle of an ending feels like a cop out.
But like Miracle on 34th Street, it works better for rooting the catharsis of those closing moments in the love between a mother and daughter. The broader message of that 1947 film had less to do with a belief in the magical or supernatural, and more with a belief in the kindness and generosity that can exist beyond the commercial aspects of the holiday season.
In the same way, “Lisa the Skeptic” portrays a flock of would-be true believers who quickly forgive any blaspheming at the prospect of discount rat spray, but it also draws back to the idea that beyond media circuses and public outcries, beyond manipulative publicity campaigns, and beyond even spiritual disagreements, there's a trust that there are those close to us who'll squeeze our hands back when we need them to. And that sort of faith can be just as comforting, and just as remarkable, as any other the denizens of Springfield might keep in their hearts.
Odds and Ends
- Whether it's “fossils schmossils,” “bones schmones,” or “facts schmacts,” Homer has a distinctively Yiddish flavor to their dismissiveness in this one.
- This is also a great outing for Ralph. From their inability to pronounce Principal Skinner's name, to their fear of digging up a T. rex, to theirs being too scared to even wet their pants, Little Ralphie is in rare form here.
- There's one other minor issue that takes some of the wind out of the sails of Stephen Jay Gould's guest appearance in this episode. The fake out with them rushing to the Simpsons' home — not because they have exciting results to share but because they need to use their restroom — is practically a carbon copy of the same gag the show did with Homer in “The Cartridge Family” just a few episodes prior.
- There's some creative animation and design work in the sequence where a Cro-Magnon version of Homer gets bitten by a pair of prehistoric fish. The colorful background in particular gives the scene a fun flavor.
- While the Burns-Smithers material hasn't necessarily aged well, Mr. Burns's awkward eye toward Smithers after hearing a weak excuse for their kiss still proves a funny expression from the old codger.
- Homer's plan to hold tightly onto Marge so that Heaven will have to take them to if they want them presages a similar scheme with Lisa in Season 10's “Simpsons Bible Stories.”
- Similarly, The Simpsons would revisit the faith vs. science issue in Season 17's “The Monkey Suit” which is, if anything, even blunter in how it addresses the issue, this time using evolution as a focus. But it too has its charms and humorous bits.
- For those of you on the lookout for the beginnings of the so-called “Jerkass” version of Homer, in this episode they barge through a crowd, steals a supposed holy artifact before anyone knows what's happening, and tells Agnes Skinner to “beat it, pegleg.” In the words of Chief Wiggum, this is going to get worse before it gets better.
Taking pictures of the Milky Way with a normal DSLR is every beginner's dream. If you know the very basic settings of your camera (Aperture, Shutter speed, ISO) and have a tripod, this post will be your guide to stunning Milky Way shots. The five major steps to a great Milky Way photograph are:
1) No clouds or moon. Make sure the weather is clear and there is no full moon. New moon nights are the best. Clouds will block your view completely and you will not be able to see any part of the Milky Way. Make sure you check the weather forecast before heading out.
2) No city light pollution. As Milky way is a faint band consisting of various gases, stars and other astronomical matter, it is extremely difficult to see it among the city lights. In order to photograph the milky way, we need light pollution free sky. To find a nearby dark sky area, a good website is the dark site finder world lightmap . Zoom into your area and find the nearest possible green/blue/grey zone area. Make sure the spot you have decided in these dark zone areas is safe too, safety comes first. DO NOT venture out to a completely new area in the dark by yourself.
3) Locate the Milky Way. Once you are out on a clear night and at a dark location, next step would be to locate the Milky Way. In my previous post, I explained everything about locating the Milky Way. Always remember the constellation Sagittarius and summer months. Once you have located the Milky Way start setting up your gear. Connect an ultra wide angle or wide angle DSLR lens to your camera and mount the whole thing on a sturdy tripod.
4) Set up the camera to infinity focus. Switch to manual focus and take a few shots of any distant light source. Read my previous post for better examples to set infinity focus properly. Once you think you have set the correct infinity focus, take a few test shot of stars at let's say 1600 ISO, F2.8 or F3.5 (whichever is the lowest possible) and 12 seconds. Zoom into the photo taken to see star focus and readjust if needed.
Milky way across Pacific ocean, shot taken in September
5) Set appropriate shutter speed to avoid star trails . This depends a lot on your camera type and focal length. Ultra wide-angle focal length range is best for Milky Way photography. Follow the 500 rule or even the 400 rule to avoid star trails. I have linked my previous post for more information just in case you do not understand what I am talking about. Once you have determined the shutter speed, set your camera to delay mode to avoid possible shakes and vibrations caused by your touch. Delay mode basically means your camera will activate the shutter (start to take a photo) after the specified time such as 2 seconds or 10 seconds.
That's all. This is how Milky Way shots are made. Once you get some experience, try playing with compositional techniques like having something in the foreground. If you don't know anything about composition yet, keep practising your Milky Way photography skills.
Trump Reorganizes, Politicizes National Security Council
Steve Bannon is in. The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs and Director of National Intelligence are out. Sort of.
James Joyner · · 42 comments
Lost in yesterday's understandable outrage over President Trump's executive order banning travel from several predominantly Muslim countries—which was, quite predictably, stopped by the courts—was a rather astounding reorganization of the National Security Council. It is nowhere to be found on the main page of the New York Times website and one has to scroll way down the page of the Washington Post website to see the story as I type this at 6:20 am. Yet it is likely to have more far-reaching consequences.
Even the WaPo story gives the news second billing in both the headline (“Trump orders ISIS plan, talks with Putin and gives Bannon national security role“) and the story:
President Trump on Saturday ordered the Pentagon to devise a strategy to defeat the Islamic State and restructured the National Security Council to include their controversial top political adviser as they forged a partnership with Russian President Vladi­mir Putin in their first official phone call. [SEVERAL PARAGRAPHS REDACTED] Counseling Trump in the effort will be Stephen K. Bannon, the White House chief strategist whose influence inside the administration is expanding far beyond politics. In a separate presidential memo, Trump reorganized the National Security Council to, along with other changes, give Bannon a regular seat on the principals committee — the meetings of the most senior national security officials, including the secretaries of defense and state. That memo also states that the director of national intelligence and the chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff will sit on the principals committee only when the issues to be discussed pertain to their “responsibilities and expertise.” In the previous two administrations, both were included as regular attendees. The White House thinks the changes will make the NSC more adaptive to modern threats. Trump said the changes would bring “a lot of efficiency and, I think, a lot of additional safety.” The changes affirm the ascent of Bannon, the former executive chairperson of Breitbart, a conservative website that is popular with white nationalists, who has emerged as Trump's political consigliere and the keeper of the president's populist flame.
Putting Bannon on the NSC and its Principals Committee is being portrayed in some circles as an unprecedented politicization of the interagency process. Given that Ben Rhodes, a partisan operative and speeechwriter with no education or training in the trade, was the Deputy National Security Advisor and arguably the most important policy advisor to President Obama, I can't get too worked up about that. Bannon having a key foreign policy role is problematic because Bannon is a malevolent actor with no understanding of global affairs, not because they don't have a traditional national security billet. And, frankly, if Bannon is going to be one of the voices Trump most listens to, they may as well be in the room when people who know what they're talking about are discussing the issues; they might learn something.
More problematic is that Trump has removed the Chairman and the DNI from the normal rotation. This is so unusual that I was under the impression that it was illegal. It is not. While the Goldwater-Nichols act of 1986 made the Chairman a statutory advisor to the NSC and the Homeland Security Act of 2002 created the DNI and made them a statutory advisor—and while every president has included them in both the NSC and Principals Committee structure—the law is quite clear that their attendance is optional “and subject to the direction of the President.”
While legal, though, this strikes me as a bad idea. How bad, of course, depends on how it operates in practice. According to the Executive Order, ”The Director of National Intelligence and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, as statutory advisers to the NSC, shall also attend NSC meetings.” The NSC, in this sense, means meetings chaired by the President himself. At Principals Committee meetings—chaired either by the National Security Advisor or the Homeland Security Advisor—the new order provides “The Director of National Intelligence and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall attend where issues pertaining to their responsibilities and expertise are to be discussed.” If there are frequent Principals Committee meetings in which the issues under discussion don't implicate the U.S. armed forces, there's no obvious reason for the chairperson to attend those; indeed, it's likely a better use of their time to stay at the Pentagon or be out circulating with the operating forces. Ditto the DNI.
Given the way in which the first eight days of the Trump presidency has unfolded, however, this smacks of intentionally removing divergent opinions shaped by real experience in global affairs from the room. This is somewhat mitigated by having a Secretary of Defense who only recently retired as a four-star Marine general. Still, the Chairman is designated by law as the principal military advisor to the President and the NSC; it's a lot easier to serve that function if you're in the room and privy to all the conversations.
In family photographs, the innocent victims of the Manchester bombing look so young and happy. Each of them stares back at us, a moment frozen in time, with the exuberant look of someone who feels their life is a joy and is certain that it will never end. But it did last Monday evening, in a horrific way, and we need to get past our grief to understand why. That is what those precious faces are demanding of us.
The origins of this most recent massacre lie well beyond the streets of Manchester, caught up in the turbulent, often hysterical political winds currently sweeping across Europe, the Middle East and the United States, writes Tony Burman. ( Christopher Furlong / GETTY IMAGES )
The suicide bombing of young children, teenagers and their parents outside a pop concert in Britain this week killed more than 20 people, most of them young. But it didn't just happen, as if simply falling from the sky. There were reasons, there were root causes and there was a context. And all of these we desperately need to confront — or this type of tragedy will happen again and again and again. That is the lesson from Manchester, England. Police have identified the suspected suicide bomber as Salman Abedi, born 22 years ago in a working class area of Manchester. Coming from a struggling immigrant family of Libyan origin, Abedi is described by friends as a highly impressionable loner, attracted to the aura of terrorism, who recently travelled to the killing fields of Syria and Libya.
Article Continued Below
The origins of this massacre lie well beyond the streets of Manchester, caught up in the turbulent, often hysterical political winds currently sweeping across Europe, the Middle East and the United States. Terror groups thrive when Western leaders overreact to their provocations. They desperately hope their actions will frighten people, and prompt political leaders to respond with overwhelming force that serves only to undermine personal freedoms and sow division within their communities. That is their goal. That instinct for melodrama was on full display this week on a variety of political levels. In Britain, Prime Minister Theresa May — in the middle of an election campaign — called the military out onto the streets and warned that another terrorist attack is “expected imminently.” In the Middle East, Donald Trump, the visiting U.S. president, enthusiastically sided with Saudi Arabia and its Sunni Arab neighbours against its regional rival, Iran. Trump's efforts to isolate Iran and stoke anti-Shia divisions within the Muslim world reversed America's historic balancing role in the Middle East — and their impact is certain to increase violence within the region. More than 85 per cent of the world's 1.5 billion Muslims are with the Sunni sect of Islam. Only 10 per cent of Muslims are Shia, most living in Iran, Iraq and Bahrain.
An irony is that it is not Iran that has been responsible for most recent terrorist violence in the Middle East, or elsewhere. Groups such as Daesh (also known as ISIS) and Al Qaeda are Sunni and funded by interests from Saudi Arabia and other Sunni Arab states. These groups target Shia Iran as much as they do Americans. So what can be done to prevent other Manchesters from happening? The answers are daunting.
Article Continued Below
In the short-term, the challenge in Europe and North America is to achieve better policing in a way that balances security and liberty. In the long-term, societies need to figure out ways for their immigrant Muslim populations to integrate more successfully. In the Middle East as a whole, Saudi Arabia and Iran need to learn how “to share the neighbourhood,” as Barack Obama once phrased it. It is only with that starting point that the many proxy wars in the region can be gradually wound down. But ultimately, of course, it is the people of the Middle East who need to be heard from, and this is never easy. However, in an otherwise depressing seven days, there was more than a glimmer of hope in Iran's presidential election. Contrary to expectation, centrist president Hassan Rouhani was re-elected to a second term by a landslide. By defeating their hardline conservative rival, Rouhani received a dramatic endorsement of their plans to end Iran's pariah status. It is worth noting that such an election, however imperfect, would not be possible in most of the Arab and Muslim states that Donald Trump celebrated last Sunday in Saudi Arabia. Tony Burman is former head of Al Jazeera English and CBC News. Reach them @TonyBurman or at tony.burman@gmail.com .
Read more about:
Nine Nobel Peace Laureates on Monday joined a growing chorus of critics calling on NBC entertainment to cancel the new “reality” show—“Stars Earn Stripes”—saying that “war isn't entertainment” and challenged NBC's promotional line that that such a television program would be “pay[ing] homage to the men and women who serve in the U.S. Armed Forces and our first-line responder services.”
The show, co-hosted by retired US General Wesley Clark and promoted heavily by NBC during its Summer Olympics telecast is scheduled to begin Monday night and stars actor Dean Cain, “The Biggest Loser” trainer Dolvett Quince, former WWE champion Eva Torres, former boxer Laila Ali, singer Nick Lachey, former Olympic gold medallist Picabo Street, actor Terri Crews, and Sarah Palin's husband Todd.
The laureates—who include Archbishop Desmond Tutu, Jody Williams and President Oscar Arias Sanchez—issued an open letter to the Chairman of NBC Entertainment, as well as General Wesley Clark and others involved in what other critics of the show's concept have billed as "war-o-tainment."
The Nobel Peace Prize Laureates, all of whom won their prizes for their contributions to ending violence and creating more peaceful and democratic societies, note that real war is “down in the dirt deadly,” and should not be sanitized for a “reality” TV show.
Their letter adds:
People—military and civilians—die in ways that are anything but entertaining. Communities and societies are ripped apart in armed conflict and the aftermath can be as deadly as the war itself as simmering animosities are unleashed in horrific spirals of violence. War, whether relatively short-lived or going on for decades as in too many parts of the world, leaves deep scars that can take generations to overcome – if ever. Trying to somehow sanitize war by likening it to an athletic competition further calls into question the morality and ethics of linking the military anywhere with the entertainment industry in barely veiled efforts to make war and its multitudinous costs more palatable to the public.
Other anti-war groups, including Peace Action West and RootsAction, previously initiated an online petition drive to draw attention to the new show and also called on NBC executives to cancel the series.
"In the United States," said RootsAction in statement, "our tax dollars are spent by the billions each year marketing the idea that war is a sport and associating the military with sporting events. Media companies like NBC are complicit in the propaganda.
The group also pointed out that sanitizing war for a primetime cable show is a profitable business for at least one of NBC's parent companies, General Electric. "GE is a big weapons manufacturer," the group said, and having "a retired general hosting a war-o-tainment show is another step in the normalization of permanent war."
Peace Action West was incredulous when they learned of the program, asking "How could a major network have a “reality” show glorifying war, engaging “stars” with veterans in military “games” for fun, while a war that has been going on for over ten years marches on in Afghanistan?"
Salon.com blogger Glenn Greenwald comments that overall the show is "so sleazy, repulsive and propagandistic" as to be self-evident, but does find one redeeming aspect as it relates to NBC, saying "here we have a major television network finally being relatively candid about the fact that they view war and militarism, first and foremost, as a source of entertainment and profit."
* * *
A preview of the "Stars Earns Stripes" released by NBC:
* * *
The full letter from the nine Nobel Peace Prize Laureates here:
War Isn't Entertainment and Shouldn't Be Treated Like It Is An Open Letter to Mr. Robert Greenblatt, Chairman of NBC Entertainment, General Wesley Clark (ret.), Producer Mark Burnett and others involved in “Stars Earn Stripes”: SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
During the Olympics, touted as a time for comity and peace among nations, millions first learned that NBC would be premiering a new “reality” TV show. The commercials announcing “Stars Earn Stripes” were shown seemingly endlessly throughout the athletic competition, noting that its premier would be Monday, August 13, following the end of the Olympic games. That might seem innocuous since spectacular, high budget sporting events of all types are regular venues for airing new products, televisions shows and movies. But “Stars Earn Stripes” is not just another reality show. Hosted by retired four-star general Wesley Clark, the program pairs minor celebrities with US military personnel and puts them through simulated military training, including some live fire drills and helicopter drops. The official NBC website for the show touts “the fast-paced competition” as “pay[ing] homage to the men and women who serve in the U.S. Armed Forces and our first-responder services.” It is our belief that this program pays homage to no one anywhere and continues and expands on an inglorious tradition of glorifying war and armed violence. Military training is not to be compared, subtly or otherwise, with athletic competition by showing commercials throughout the Olympics. Preparing for war is neither amusing nor entertaining. Real war is down in the dirt deadly. People—military and civilians—die in ways that are anything but entertaining. Communities and societies are ripped apart in armed conflict and the aftermath can be as deadly as the war itself as simmering animosities are unleashed in horrific spirals of violence. War, whether relatively short-lived or going on for decades as in too many parts of the world, leaves deep scars that can take generations to overcome – if ever. Trying to somehow sanitize war by likening it to an athletic competition further calls into question the morality and ethics of linking the military anywhere with the entertainment industry in barely veiled efforts to make war and its multitudinous costs more palatable to the public. The long history of collaboration between militaries and civilian media and entertainment—and not just in the United States—appears to be getting murkier and in many ways more threatening to efforts to resolve our common problems through nonviolent means. Active-duty soldiers already perform in Hollywood movies, “embedded” media ride with soldier in combat situations, and now NBC is working with the military to attempt to turn deadly military training into a sanitized “reality” TV show that reveals absolutely nothing of the reality of being a soldier in war or the consequences of war. What is next? As people who have seen too many faces of armed conflict and violence and who have worked for decades to try to stop the seemingly unending march toward the increased militarization of societies and the desensitization of people to the realities and consequences of war, we add our voices and our support to those protesting “Stars Earn Stripes.” We too call upon NBC stop airing this program that pays homage to no one, and is a massive disservice to those who live and die in armed conflict and suffer its consequences long after the guns of war fall silent. Sincerely, Jody Williams, Nobel Peace Prize, 1997 Archbishop Desmond Tutu, Nobel Peace Prize, 1984 Mairead Maguire, Nobel Peace Prize, 1977 Dr. Shirin Ebadi, Nobel Peace Prize, 2003 President José Ramos-Horta, Nobel Peace Prize, 1996
Adolfo Pérez Esquivel, Nobel Peace Prize, 1980 President Oscar Arias Sanchez, Nobel Peace Prize, 1987 Rigoberta Menchú Tum, 1992
# # #
According to insider information available to Reuters, the New York State Department of Financial Services (NYSDF) is going to approve licences for two cryptocurrency companies.
Two new BitLicenses may be issued to Coinbase Inc and Ripple Labs Inc in the near future, says Reuters citing “a person familiar with the matter.” According to the news agency, its informers prefer to stay anonymous because they have no authorisation to speak publicly.
The only other evidence to support the information is a publication from 28 April on the NYSDF's website stating that it has received applications from both Coinbase and Ripple Labs “for a license to engage in virtual currency business activity,” and from Coinbase alone, additionally, “for a license to engage in business as a transmitter of money.” According to Reuters, such notices are only published when all the paperwork is done and the licence is on its way to approval. However, no precise due date can be confirmed yet.
If Ripple Labs and Coinbase get licensed in New York, it will triple the number of BitLicenses in existence. Currently, Circle is the only holder of the coveted document. Redditors jokingly call its licence a “collector's item”. At least 21 other virtual currency companies applied for BitLicense before 8 August 2015 and continue operating in New York on a temporary basis while their applications are studied by NYFDS. Such companies as itBit and Gemini, however, managed to do without BitLicense, receiving banking licences instead.
In April 2016, two licences to major virtual currency companies were issued in Europe. Circle was granted one from the British Financial Conduct Authority allowing it to introduce bitcoin-fuelled transfers between dollars and British pounds and to partner with the Barclays bank. Bitstamp was given licence by the Luxembourg Financial Industry Supervisory Commission becoming the first licensed bitcoin exchange in the European Union. Both companies can trade in all the 28 countries of the EU without additional permissions.
Alexey Tereshchenko
When chemicals were first introduced in farming, everyone marveled at what they could do. Yields were dramatically increased. In the beginning, the soil was so healthy, any damage done by chemical fertilizers was imperceptible, and pests had yet to evolve resistance to the insecticides. Our technologies were exported around the world as a revolution in agriculture – the green revolution.
Chemical fertilizers, insecticides, herbicides, antibiotics, hormones, factory farms, and genetically modified organisms, or GMOs. It just keeps coming. Almost no one calls it the green revolution anymore because there is nothing green about it, at least not in the modern ecologically friendly meaning of the word green.
Downsides to the Green Revolution
There are a number of problems brought on by conventional agriculture's techniques. Conventional methods are inhumane to animals; they spread disease and pollution and degrade our nation's soil and water. In the interests of sustainability, protecting our nation's resources and improving our health, conventional agriculture needs to be banned, both in the U.S. and abroad.
A return to organic agriculture, which prohibits the use of chemicals and encourages crop rotation, will protect our nation's arable land, increase the nutritional value of our food, and dramatically reduce our food's toxicity.
Toxic Food
Yes, our food is toxic when grown by conventional means. Ninety-three percent of Americans tested by the CDC had metabolites of chlorpyrifos, a neurotoxin in their urine. Chlorpyrifos has been banned for use in homes because it has been linked to autoimmune diseases and neurological damage, but it is still commonly used on golf courses and in bait containers, and it is sprayed all over our food.
Over 99% of Americans tested, tested positive for exposure to DDT. DDT has been banned from use in the U.S. since 1972. But it's still perfectly legal to manufacture it in the U.S. ship it to Mexico and other countries, and then have it sprayed on food, and then sell the food to the U.S. DDT has been linked to various cancers and birth defects. It is a persistent toxin that stays in the environment for an extended period of time.
The government sets limits on how much of each pesticide can be on our food, but there is no limit to the number of different approved pesticides that can be on our food or the total amount of chemical contamination. The Pesticide Action Network tells us that Americans are exposed to an average of 10-13 pesticides every day.
As a last resort, organic farmers do use pesticides; however, organic farmers use pesticides that are plant based. These bio-chemicals naturally, quickly decompose. In contrast, conventional agriculture uses a vast array of chemicals, most of them synthetic. There are over 600 pesticides used in the United States. Many of these chemicals are known to last for hundreds or thousands of years before breaking down, and they are toxic to both humans and animals. The degree of exposure to these chemicals directly affects one's risk of developing numerous cancers, especially cancer of the brain, prostate cancer, leukemia, and lymphoma.
If growing nutrient deficient, chemical laden food isn't bad enough, conventional agriculture has gone even further by genetically modifying our food to make it easier to grow at an even higher cost to the consumer's health. Many genetically modified foods are modified to produce pesticides within the plant. GMOs radically alter the microorganisms in the soil, damaging the soil's fertility. GMOs introduce new allergens, new toxins, and unknown proteins into our bodies.
“Every day we make life or death decisions, decisions about what we eat. This may sound melodramatic, but it's true.” Superfoods RX
Studies have repeatedly shown that the nutritional content of organic food is dramatically superior to the nutritional content of conventionally grown food. Before the advent of today's conventional agriculture, our food contained more nutrients. Organic agriculture's predominant strategy is to cultivate nutrient rich soil. In order to add nutrients back into the soil, organic agriculture uses crop rotation and natural fertilizers. This produces healthy plants, which makes for healthy food.
What About the Soil
We must protect our nation's arable land in order to protect our food supply for future generations. With approximately 18% to 19% of America's land being arable, we have the world's most abundant farming resources. Even though agriculturally viable resources are obviously of great economic value to the entire nation, our nation's soil is treated as though it were disposable. Pesticides, herbicides, fungicides, and petroleum-based fertilizers strip the soil of nutrients and kill beneficial organisms such as earthworms, predatory insects, and microorganisms. In order to grow anything in such chemical laden soil, more chemicals are added. This process degrades the topsoil and causes salts to build up in the land, leaving barren dirt. After this process strips the land of its agricultural viability, conventional agribusiness moves on, acquiring more farmland. Then the process is repeated, rendering more land barren. By comparison, organic farming replenishes the soil through crop rotation, natural fertilizers, and the use of time-honored, natural techniques.
Deadly Germs
A whopping 50% of antibiotic use is not for human beings but for livestock. The media is constantly warning about the dangers of overuse of antibiotics. The concern is that overuse (and abuse) of antibiotics can breed antibiotic-resistant bacteria.
It is commonplace to add antibiotics to livestock feed, even when the animals aren't sick. This is because conventional methods typically overcrowd the animals so badly that too many of them will get sick without an on-going diet that includes antibiotics.
It is cruel and inhumane to force animals to live with their own waste and in such crowded conditions. To keep consumers in the dark about the realities of factory farming, many states are passing laws forbidding filming inside these factory farms. The stench of these crowded pens is unbearable to any but the most stalwart and habituated individuals, and the animals' waste is so concentrated that it poses a risk to nearby natural water sources.
These are perfect conditions for pathogens to thrive. It provides bacteria with the opportunity for many different food sources, and many different animal hosts to infect. This gives bacteria an opportunity to develop resistance to our medications. These conditions are also ideal for viruses to spread from animal to animal and potentially to humans.
Dead Zones
Conventional farming utilizes phosphorous and nitrogen chemical fertilizers. When rain and runoff carry these fertilizers into the ocean, marine life is suffocated. The fertilizers trigger overgrowth of marine plankton. Once the masses of plankton die, their death feeds ocean bacteria. The bacteria consume oxygen, and with an unnatural overabundance of plankton, the bacteria consume just about all of the oxygen left in the ocean. Shrimp, fish, and all other forms of marine life either leave the area or die from lack of oxygen. The end result is hypoxia, oceanic dead zones. These areas are devoid of nearly all life other than plankton and bacteria.
Scientists have documented coastal dead zones, areas that are hypoxic in over 400 coastal areas. All over the world, these dead zones are found downstream of conventional farming from Chesapeake Bay to Oregon to Denmark, and to the Black Sea.
We have a vested interest in marine life. It is not only shameful that marine animals suffocate as a side effect of our farming pollution, it is also economically damaging. The ocean provides us with billions of dollars worth of food annually. Nothing of commercial importance survives a dead zone, fish, shellfish, and shrimp all either leave the area or suffocate in the dead waters. Many of these dead zones are thousands of square miles. The dead zone off of the Gulf of Mexico was once recorded as being an area larger than the state of New Jersey, 22,000 kilometers.
Conclusion
Pesticide residue, antibiotics, preservatives, and genetic modification directly affect the long-term sustainability of farming, fishing, the consumer's health, and the health of those who grow and produce the food. We do not exist separately from the environment in which we live. If what we consume is polluted, our bodies become polluted. Beyond choosing what we buy in the store, we as a nation must choose, for the long term or short term, organic or conventional. This choice affects us all, even those not yet born.
If you are in a position to grow your own food, check out How To Start A Vegetable Garden and Ten Great Gardening Tips. If you're not growing your own food in very healthy soil, it's time to get more nutrition: Make Your Own Homemade Multivitamin and Mineral Formula.
Further Reading:
Sources:
1 / 10 Blind 'Cat Guy' Gets Tazed, So Does Police Chief
In a lawsuit filed July 26 <a href="http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/08/06/blind-cat-guy-taser-lj-faith_n_3714418.html" target="_blank">Shoshoni police chief Andy Rodriguez was accused of using a Taser</a> on a man whose lawyer refers to them as a "cat guy." A police report explains what happened when Rodriguez tried to arrest the "cat guy," L.J. Faith, for animal cruelty. "I deployed the Taser to Faith's left side arm. During the attempt to control Faith's arm, I realized the Taser was not having a meaningful affect [sic]..." Not deterred, the officer loaded another probe, but something went awry: "As I was attaching [another] probe cartridge to the Taser, I had the sensation of falling backwards... I recall the Taser discharging... a probe had penetrated my right index finger... I pulled the probe out of my finger and was going to reload with a second probe cartridge when officer Cruche told me they had been hit as well. I looked over and [he] was bleeding from the top of their head near the hair line."
Facebook
Zadi Hobeika (left) and Robert Tabet, founders of Yalla Condoms
“If my girlfriend doesn't come, can I return this?”
That's one of the stranger queries the founders of Yalla Condoms have had from customers since launching their lube and condom delivery website a little over a week ago.
According to Yalla founders Zadi Hobeika and Robert Tabet, the site is a result of a very local problem. They say that the average Lebanese person isn't exactly comfortable when it comes to buying contraceptives. So at a party in January of this year, the two came up with a remedy: a discreet service that could supply a vast array of condoms, lube, creams and various sex-related accessories to the masses, allowing them to practice safe sex while also broadening their horizons. And in a society where the neighbourhood pharmacy may well be owned by your family's landlord, any opportunity to avoid an awkward encounter while buying all your sexual paraphernalia is a welcome one.
Hobeika, 28, has lived abroad most of their life, but owns an advertising agency in Lebanon and recently left Google Dublin to come back to their homeland. They made the move in the hope of working on projects that they feel passionate about, and watching them switch between laughter and mock seriousness, it becomes immediately clear that they and Tabet are enjoying their first foray into the sex-product industry.
Loads of condoms in the Yalla office
Despite their extensive time outside the country, Yalla Condoms is a project that Hobeika has been considering for a long time. Startlingly tall, at 6-foot-9, they draw from personal experience when they talk about one of their reasons for creating the company.
“People already stare at me because I'm tall," they say. "And when I go into a pharmacy to buy condoms – to me, it's nothing. But you feel sometimes [that the pharmacists] are looking at you in a certain way."
Tabet, 27, the other co-founder, is quieter than their partner, coming off as the more serious, business-minded half of the pair. They work in the pharmaceutical industry and has seen firsthand the difficulty some people have not only with buying condoms, but with more sensitive sex-related products, due to their societal implications.
“I told [Zadi] that condoms are just the name of the website," Tabet says. "Because, usually, people are ashamed to ask, for example, for extra-small condoms or delay tubes. I wouldn't even see myself going to a pharmacist, ‘Hey, do you have something that delays ejaculation?' It's tough to say."
According to Tabet, even buying lubrication can be problematic, as there's an idea in Lebanon that it's only ever used by homosexual men – and the stigma around being gay still hasn't been eroded enough for people to buy lube in public. But, thanks to Yalla, people can now buy any of these products anonymously. In fact, couples can even browse the website together and choose products to stimulate their sex life without suffering any of the stigma they might do in public.
Zadi Hobeika in the Yalla office
The two are currently working out of Hobeika's office on the eighth floor of a building off the Zalka highway, less than 20 minutes outside of downtown Beirut. For now, their operations are slow and steady, so they don't need much more than a table, a smartphone or computer, a couple of shelves and box full of product. Their pre-delivery happens in their small office, where they keep the stock they have bought in bulk, mostly from local pharmacies. The two double-wrap the products in nondescript brown envelopes, then take them to a courier company to be shipped out to customers.
Despite Lebanon's reputation as an oasis of freedom in the Middle East, talking about sex and buying sex-related products still remains taboo for many. Across the sectarian divides in the country, there is a common thread of conservatism when it comes to premarital sex. However, according to medical sexologist Dr Sandrine Atallah, things are slowly starting to change, especially for the younger generation.
“We have more outside information," they say. "We are more open because the people are changing their point of view on virginity. You see more people who think it's normal to have sex before marriage.”
One pharmacist in Beirut, who asked to remain anonymous, believes that though it's a more open city – where “people always go to the extremes” – there is still a significant chunk of society who are uncomfortable addressing sex.
“[Yalla Condoms] will help, but it won't change the problem," they say. "It's the old-school mentality. It will really help with preventing STDs and infections, but you won't cure this problem of character."
But until things change drastically, Hobeika and Tabet are cornering the market. And the appeal lies in the simplicity; the website, yallacondoms.com, is minimalist, and offers 14 different types of Durex condoms, 12 from Pasante and an accessories section that includes a pregnancy test, delay creams, vibrating rings and even wobbly pink and transparent snake-like condom enhancers.
According to Hobeika, most of the feedback so far has been positive. Tabat adds that some of the emails they have had since launching show that there's not only a need for their service, but that there are also people looking for guidance. They don't ask their parents or their pharmacist for help, but they are asking Yalla Condoms – sometimes even on their live chat.
“First of all, I want to say thanks for this amazing idea. I support it," said one email. "I have a question. If I want to have sex with my girlfriend, what is the best condom I can buy? I need your help because I'm not expert in this kind of work. Thanks, best wishes."
The majority of the messages they've received have also asked that the founders diversify their merchandise even more; along with pregnancy tests, people have expressed their desire to be able to order sex toys and the morning-after pill. But because of regulations and laws, they won't be selling either any time soon. Sex toys are illegal in Lebanon, and the morning-after pill is something they can't currently get involved with.
Robert Tabet in the Yalla office
“We started by going to all of the pharmacies and grocery stores to see what they had on their shelves. If the product is being sold next to the cashier, we can [sell it], too," Hobeika laughs. "The first thing is that no one is really doing this, so there's no benchmark. Can we do it? Can we not do it? How far can we push it?”
Every order comes in an unmarked package within 48 hours and is cash on delivery. The two were surprised that the majority of the approximately 30 orders they have filled so far have been from outside of Beirut, from villages in the south, Bekaa Valley in the east and outside Byblos, a city in the north of the country. They believe this is due to the fact that, in villages, there are a limited number of pharmacies, and they're usually run by someone the customer knows.
For the founders of Yalla Condoms, the mission isn't just to make money, or make it less awkward to buy condoms, but also to raise awareness about sexual health. The pair is planning to set up partnerships with initiatives and non-governmental organisations, and to use returns they get on their investment for charity work related to sex education and disease prevention.
It's clear that, soon enough, Hobeika and Tabet will no longer have to roam Beirut's pharmacies, desperately trying to find the popular Love Light "techno sex" condoms that are constantly out of stock. Distributors are already knocking on their door, and a few new brands will be on the website in the coming days.
Though many initiatives and trends in Lebanon go viral and disappear quickly, Yalla Condoms is confident they have the brains, business-savvy and the market need to stick around for a while.
“It's a way to have fun, be safe, make some money, bring awareness, overcome taboos,” Hobeika says, before Tabet adds, “Plus, I don't know if you know the feeling of being the first to do something – that's a great feeling, to be innovators.”
@tabeekmelissa
Longtime restaurateur Ken Friedman, whose empire spans from New York City to San Francisco to Los Angeles, has been accused by multiple women of sexual harassment. Ten different women have come forward to the New York Times to speak out on what they say is years of ongoing groping, sexual misconduct, and verbal abuse.
The Times piece details a staggering series of incidents across Friedman's multiple New York City restaurants, which are described as being “unusually sexualized” by former staff members. Those same restaurants also regularly host many of the city's elite and powerful, including The Spotted Pig backers like Jay-Z. Friedman is currently the owner/operator, along with chef April Bloomfield, of new Hollywood restaurant The Hearth & Hound.
Investors in Friedman's Spotted Pig include Mario Batali, who, Spotted Pig employees tell the Times, regularly engaged in sexually aggressive behavior there. Batali was accused of serial sexual misconduct yesterday by several women in an Eater New York report, and has since stepped away from their restaurants and various television shows, some of which have halted production altogether.
As for Friedman, the Times piece chronicles a wide range of abusive behavior, including lewd text messages, on-the-record accounts of groping, and even retaliation against employees who spoke up. The story also recounts one witness's attempt to bring the issue up directly with Friedman's business partner and collaborating chef, April Bloomfield:
Several other employees say they also brought their complaints and concerns about Mr. Friedman to Ms. Bloomfield. “Her response was always the same.” Ms. Nelson said. “‘That's who they are. Get used to it. Or go work for someone else.'”
In statements to the paper, Friedman says that their professional and personal lives are intertwined within the restaurants they run, and that they apologize for their actions. Bloomfield told the Times: “I have spoken to Ken about professional boundaries and relied on them to uphold our policies. Nonetheless I feel we have let down our employees and for that I sincerely apologize.”
Friedman and Bloomfield are both currently in Los Angeles, having only opened their new restaurant The Hearth & Hound last Friday, December 8. Batali, meanwhile, has long been a fixture in the Los Angeles restaurant world as a partner in properties like Mozza and the newly-opened Eataly in Century City.
Update 2:26 p.m.: Ken Friedman will be taking an indefinite leave of absence from managing their restaurants, effective immediately.
The latest Nintendo Direct (November 5th) dropped a ton of information regarding upcoming releases on the 3DS and the Wii U along with some hard facts about Amiibo figure compatibility and usage. It is great to see Satoru Iwata hosting the event again after their recent health issues. Nintendo has been slowly building a compelling case for the Wii U month after month. The slow start certainly hurt them but the release schedule is quite stuffed at the moment, especially for the early part of 2015. The Nintendo Hype Train is full swing! The video can be seen below but for the full breakdown read on, Nation!
Wii U
Mario Kart 8 launches on Nov. 13 and includes new courses, vehicles and characters from other Nintendo games like The Legend of Zelda , F-Zero and Excitebike . Players can buy and download from the in-game menu or in the Nintendo eShop on Wii U. Mario Kart 8 DLC : The first pack of DLC forlaunches onand includes new courses, vehicles and characters from other Nintendo games likeand. Players can buy and download from the in-game menu or in the Nintendo eShop on Wii U.
amiibo : In addition to Mario Kart 8 and Hyrule Warriors in 2014, plus Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker , Kirby and the Rainbow Curse, Yoshi's Woolly World and Mario Party 10 in 2015. This amiibo functionality will be available to players in the following games when the first wave of figures launches on Nov. 21 . : In addition to Super Smash Bros. for Wii U , multiple games will be compatible with amiibo, includingandin 2014, plusandin 2015. This amiibo functionality will be available to players in the following games when the first wave of figures launches on Mario Kart 8 : When players tap Mario, Luigi, Peach, Yoshi, Donkey Kong, Link, Captain Falcon, Fox, Samus or Kirby amiibo figures on the Wii U GamePad controller, they will receive a Mii racing suit themed to that particular amiibo character.. Players' Mii characters can wear these detailed suits when racing in the game. Super Smash Bros. series amiibo figure will grant randomly selected materials, weapons or rupees in the game. Hyrule Warriors : A Link amiibo figure gives players a special “Spinner” weapon in the action-packed Wii U game. Additionally, everyseries amiibo figure will grant randomly selected materials, weapons or rupees in the game. The first wave of amiibo starring characters like Mario, Link and Samus launches on Nov. 21, the same day as the Super Smash Bros. for Wii U game, and the second wave of six characters hits store shelves in December.
Splatoon will launch exclusively for Wii U in the second quarter of 2015. Splatoon : The four-on-four online multiplayer shooter also features a single-player mode, which pits a player's squid-like Inkling character against an army of octopi equipped with an arsenal of ink weaponry.will launch exclusively for Wii U in the second quarter of 2015.
Xenoblade Chronicles X – which features a bigger world than Xenoblade Chronicles for Wii – is scheduled to launch exclusively for Wii U in 2015. Xenoblade Chronicles X : In this new RPG from Monolith Soft, players embark on an epic quest in a new world. Using the city of New Los Angeles as a home base, players will embark on missions, collect items and take on requests from residents.– which features a bigger world thanfor Wii – is scheduled to launch exclusively for Wii U in 2015.
Kirby and the Rainbow Curse launches for Wii U in February 2015. Kirby and the Rainbow Curse : The newest game in the charming Kirby series finds the lovable pink puffball journeying through a world made of clay. Players guide Kirby along a rainbow line drawn on the Wii U GamePad controller's touch screen. A new four-player multiplayer mode lets one player play as Kirby and focus on drawing rainbow lines on the GamePad, while the others control a trio of Waddle Dee characters that can collect items or carry Kirby around.launches for Wii U in February 2015.
Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker launches for Wii U on Dec. 5 . Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker : A new trailer for the game debuted during the Nintendo Direct and showed snippets of some of the 70+ levels players will encounter. The game also features different challenges that, once completed, will reveal additional content in the game.launches for Wii U on
Nintendo 3DS
The Legend of Zelda series is coming to Nintendo 3DS. Launching in spring 2015, The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask 3D brings Link's suspenseful, intricate quest through the mysterious world of Termina to a hand-held system for the first time with enhanced 3D graphics and added features for a smoother game experience. The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask 3D : One of the most talked-about games in the history ofseries is coming to Nintendo 3DS. Launching in spring 2015,brings Link's suspenseful, intricate quest through the mysterious world of Termina to a hand-held system for the first time with enhanced 3D graphics and added features for a smoother game experience.
Fire Emblem and Advance Wars series, comes Code Name: S.T.E.A.M. , a turn-based tactical action RPG that features characters like … Abraham Lincoln? That's right: Abraham Lincoln leads a team of newly revealed playable characters like Tiger Lily and Tom Sawyer. Each character in the game possesses special abilities, like Tiger Lily's healing and Tom Sawyer's gadgets, that help players complete missions across well-designed battlefields. Code Name: S.T.E.A.M. will launch exclusively for Nintendo 3DS in spring 2015. Code Name: S.T.E.A.M. : From Intelligent Systems, the creators of theandseries, comes, a turn-based tactical action RPG that features characters like … Abraham Lincoln? That's right: Abraham Lincoln leads a team of newly revealed playable characters like Tiger Lily and Tom Sawyer. Each character in the game possesses special abilities, like Tiger Lily's healing and Tom Sawyer's gadgets, that help players complete missions across well-designed battlefields.will launch exclusively for Nintendo 3DS in spring 2015.
NES Remix series comes to Nintendo 3DS, combining 16 of the top NES games from the NES Remix and NES Remix 2 games on Wii U. Famicom Remix Mode offers challenges from the Japanese version of NES Remix , featuring slightly different sound effects and backgrounds, and in Speed Mario Bros. , players can play through the original Super Mario Bros. ramped up to super speed. Ultimate NES Remix also features online leaderboards, allowing players to compare scores in challenges with others in their region. The nostalgic game launches for Nintendo 3DS on Dec. 5 . Ultimate NES Remix : Theseries comes to Nintendo 3DS, combining 16 of the top NES games from theandgames on Wii U. Famicom Remix Mode offers challenges from the Japanese version of, featuring slightly different sound effects and backgrounds, and in, players can play through the originalramped up to super speed.also features online leaderboards, allowing players to compare scores in challenges with others in their region. The nostalgic game launches for Nintendo 3DS on
Nov. 25 launch of the ATLUS role-playing game Persona Q: Shadow of the Labyrinth, GameStop will be the exclusive retailer for the Persona Q Edition of the Nintendo 3DS hardware. The design evokes the essence of Persona Q with styling on the front of the iconic Grimoire – the tome used by the attendants of the Velvet Room and containing information on the many Personas – and the new style of character art represented on the back. It will be available at a suggested retail price of $199.99. (The Persona Q: Shadow of the Labyrinth game will be sold separately. Both the Persona Q: Shadow of the Labyrinth: Wild Cards Premium Edition and Limited Standard Edition versions of the game will be available for a limited time only.) Persona Q Edition Nintendo 3DS XL : In honor of thelaunch of the ATLUS role-playing game, GameStop will be the exclusive retailer for theEdition of the Nintendo 3DS hardware. The design evokes the essence ofwith styling on the front of the iconic Grimoire – the tome used by the attendants of the Velvet Room and containing information on the many Personas – and the new style of character art represented on the back. It will be available at a suggested retail price of $199.99. (Thegame will be sold separately. Both theandversions of the game will be available for a limited time only.)
Wii U & Nintendo 3DS
PIKMIN Short Movies , a series of animated short films they directed that takes place in the Pikmin universe. These short films are now available as one paid download in the Nintendo eShop on Wii U and Nintendo 3DS. As a supplement to the movies (in addition to popcorn, of course), a free demo version for Pikmin 3 is also now in the Nintendo eShop on Wii U. PIKMIN Short Movies : Last month, Shigeru Miyamoto premiered, a series of animated short films they directed that takes place in the Pikmin universe. These short films are now available as one paid download in the Nintendo eShop on Wii U and Nintendo 3DS. As a supplement to the movies (in addition to popcorn, of course), a free demo version foris also now in the Nintendo eShop on Wii U.
Sonic Boom: Shattered Crystal , the new Sonic the Hedgehog game launching exclusively for Nintendo 3DS on Nov. 11 , is now available in the Nintendo eShop. The free demo for exclusive Wii U game Sonic Boom: Rise of Lyric (also launching on Nov. 11 ) will be available on Dec. 4 . In addition, a new Nintendo 3DS Home Menu theme and Puzzle Swap panel inspired by Sonic Boom are both coming to Nintendo 3DS on Nov. 11 . Sonic Boom : A free demo for, the new Sonic the Hedgehog game launching exclusively for Nintendo 3DS on, is now available in the Nintendo eShop. The free demo for exclusive Wii U game(also launching on) will be available on. In addition, a new Nintendo 3DS Home Menu theme and Puzzle Swap panel inspired byare both coming to Nintendo 3DS on
Indie games! : Nintendo's support for indie developers continues with a host of indie games coming to both Wii U and Nintendo 3DS.. In addition, fans will be able to discover a Commander Video trophy in Super Smash Bros. for Wii U based on the classic character from the Bit.Trip series, as well as download a new Nintendo 3DS Home Menu theme based on hit indie game Shovel Knight . Many of the creative indie games coming to Wii U and Nintendo 3DS include the following: Runbow from 13AM Games (Wii U) – 2015 Chromophore: The Two Brothers Director's Cut from Ackk Studios LLC (Wii U) – Winter Citizens of Earth from ATLUS (Wii U, Nintendo 3DS) – Winter Nihilumbra from BeautiFun Games (Wii U) – Winter The Swapper from Curve Digital (Wii U) – Nov. 6 Thomas Was Alone from Curve Digital (Wii U) – Nov. 25 Proun+ from Engine Software (Wii U) – Winter Trine Enchanted Edition from Frozenbyte (Wii U) – Winter Chariot from Frima Studio Inc. (Wii U) – Winter A.N.N.E. from Gamesbymo (Wii U) – Winter Gunman Clive 2 from Hörberg Productions (Wii U) – Winter SteamWorld Heist from Image & Form (Wii U) – Spring 2015 Affordable Space Adventures from KnapNok Games (Wii U) – Q1 2015 Gone Home from Midnight City (Wii U) – Winter High Strangeness from Midnight City (Wii U) – Winter forma.8 from MixedBag (Wii U) – Winter A World of Keflings from NinjaBee (Wii U) – Nov. 13 Tengami from Nyamyam Ltd. (Wii U) – Nov. 13 Treasurenauts from Renegade Kid (Nintendo 3DS) – Q1 2015 Xeodrifter from Renegade Kid (Nintendo 3DS) – Q4 Swords & Soldiers II from Ronimo Games BV (Wii U) – Winter Beatbuddy from THREAKS (Wii U) – Q1 2015 Sportsball from TOO DX (Wii U) – Nov. 6 6180 the moon from Turtle Cream (Wii U) – Winter Rive from Two Tribes (Wii U) – 2015
The Nintendo Direct from earlier today can be found, in its entirety, below.
It is definitely nice to get some release dates ironed out and that Indie slate looks pretty stacked. There are some ports, for sure, but some genuinely interesting titles like Code Name: S.T.E.A.M. and the sequel to the very fun Gunman Clive. This is definitely a sign of 2015 being a possible turning point in the fortunes of the oft maligned Wii U. It is definitely exciting time to be a fan of Nintendo.
Are you one of the diehard Nintendo crowd? Are you just now taking a look at possibly getting a Wii U? Let us know in the comments below and don't forget to follow @APGNation on Twitter for latest gaming news and reviews!
Source: Nintendo
Although the HBO documentary “Going Clear: Scientology and the Prison of Belief” is one of the most-watched docs in the history of the network, the head of HBO Documentary Films, Sheila Nevins, didn't think a scathing look at the Church of Scientology would draw a lot of viewers when director Alex Gibney initially pitched them the idea.
Sheila Nevins Stephen Lovekin Getty More
“I never thought it would be sensational,” Nevins told Business Insider.
Before Gibney went to her, Nevins said they had never considered doing a film on the religion. They gave the go-ahead because they had confidence that the Oscar-winning Gibney ("Taxi to the Dark Side," 2007) could pull off a great adaptation of best-selling author Lawrence Wright's book on the church, “Going Clear: Scientology, Hollywood, and the Prison of Belief.”
Nevins remembers the exact moment when they realized “Going Clear” was going to be a huge hit. “When I saw my name in a full-page ad in The New York Times, I knew,” they said. “Docs don't get full-page ads, and when they do, they do really well.”
Nevins is referring to the ad that Scientology ran in The Times weeks before the film had its world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival in January.
The full page ad in today's NYT by the Church of Scientology | Story: http://t.co/2wUTlDJYxg? pic.twitter.com/J3RukBfOiI — Emon Hassan (@EmonHassan) January 16, 2015
The ad compared “Going Clear” to the now infamous Rolling Stone story on campus rape at the University of Virginia, which turned out to be full of false claims. The headline in the ad read, “Is Alex Gibney's Upcoming HBO ‘Documentary' a Rolling Stone/UVA Redux?”
The ad then went on to outline numerous instances in which the church believed “Going Clear” was not factually correct.
Alex Gibney More
It also stated: “Mr. Gibney and HBO documentary chief Sheila Nevins have rejected multiple requests to meet with executives of the Church, including those with individual firsthand information.”
“I thought, ‘They really don't want us to do it,'” said Nevins. “All the reason more to do it.”
Nevins told The Hollywood Reporter months before the film premiered at Sundance that “probably 160 lawyers” were vetting the film.
Gibney told Business Insider by email that the legal process with HBO was “tough but fair,” and they couldn't have imagined bringing the project anywhere other than to HBO.
“They were fearless and supportive,” they wrote. “Sheila and HBO backed me up against the attacks we knew were coming and promoted the hell out of the movie.”
Thinking back on the whole ordeal, Nevins still can't believe the church was so aggressive in trying to bash “Going Clear.”
“Scientology did their own commercial for us,” they said.
“Going Clear” had its premiere on HBO in March and became the second-most-watched documentary on the network in the past decade.
NOW WATCH: 6 Crazy Things Revealed In HBO's Explosive New Scientology Documentary 'Going Clear'
More From Business Insider
Originally published March 16, 2009 at 3:55 PM | Page modified March 16, 2009 at 4:10 PM
Comments (0) E-mail article Print Share
The Gates Foundation's generosity and commitment to its many charitable missions is unquestioned. Guest columnist Pablo Eisenberg of the Georgetown Public Policy Institute suggests the Foundation could be even more effective if it expands its advisory boards to include people who are not part of the Gates family or close associates.
BILL Gates recently issued their annual letter to the American public, in which they discuss the goals, programs and achievements of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.
The letter commendably calls for other foundations to maintain and even increase their contributions in these troubled financial times. It states that the Gates Foundation will increase its giving by an additional $500 million in 2009.
While Bill's and Melinda's generosity has not been questioned, they and the foundation have been justly criticized for not being very accountable. The annual letter is a step toward greater public accountability. Yet much more needs to be done.
The letter, as well as the foundation's annual report, is a one-way communication. It is not a means by which the Gateses can truly interact with the public and nonprofit communities. Bill Gates seems to recognize this problem, stating in their letter that "We work hard to get lots of feedback."
Each of the foundation's three divisions has a small advisory panel of well-known individuals. The foundation reaches out to a limited number of experts for program recommendations. And Bill's and Melinda's periodic visits to their projects do provide some measure of feedback.
But, in a real sense, much of the feedback seems ceremonial. It is difficult for beneficiaries to be candid or critical with their funders. In such circumstances, gratitude usually trumps candor.
Nor has the media done much to assure public accountability. With few exceptions — The Seattle Times being one — the press has treated the Gateses with kid gloves. Rarely have fawning reporters asked the tough questions about accountability, board composition and foundation investments. By comparison, White House news conferences seem spirited and fierce.
When Charles Piller wrote a two-part series for the The Los Angeles Times in 2007, revealing the discrepancy between the mission statement of the Gates Foundation and the nature of its investments, both Bill Gates and the Foundation's then-CEO, Patty Stonesifer, reacted testily to the criticism, saying that their policy was to maximize profits, not make social statements.
The defensive posture taken by Bill Gates on the few times they have been seriously questioned publicly reflects a person too insulated from the give and take of real discussion and debate. That is not likely to come from staff, carefully selected advisory committees, consultant experts, occasional trips or nonprofits seeking money. What the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation needs is interaction with independent observers, critics of the foundation and nonprofits and their constituencies not begging for grants ... people willing to level with them.
Though Warren Buffett is nominally a trustee, the Gates Foundation board is essentially Bill and Melinda. They claim their decisions are informed by consultants and advisers. Weighing advice from outsiders, however, is not the same thing as having outsiders on the board making decisions with the founders. The decision-making process requires broad perspectives, a wealth of experience and interests beyond family concerns — something Bill and Melinda cannot bring by themselves.
In short, The Gates Foundation would be well-advised to have an enlarged board of four to eight additional members who are not part of the Gates family or their personal advisers and retainers. Such a public board, along with greater and broader consultation, would give the Gates Foundation that minimal measure of public accountability that taxpayers and the public deserve. As a model for other family foundations, it could have an enormous, beneficial impact on our foundation world.
Pablo Eisenberg is a senior fellow with the Georgetown Public Policy Institute.
As the game clock ticked toward 90 minutes, tens of thousands of Arsenal fans raised their scarves and bellowed their approval.
They had stayed to watch the Gunners go five points clear at the top of the table by beating second-place Liverpool.
They had stayed to watch Arsenal firmly rebuke those who labeled the team's early-season form a facade after the Gunners' recent capitulations to Borussia Dortmund and Chelsea.
A loss would have seen Arsenal drop to second place and allowed Liverpool to hop into the top spot in the standings. More importantly, the team's confidence, built up so well during the opening weeks of the season, would have been shattered ahead of the club's most difficult period of the campaign.
A draw would have been satisfactory. But Arsene Wenger's men really needed a victory.
Though Arsenal were playing in front of their own fans, leaving with three points was always going to be a formidable task. Luis Suarez and Daniel Sturridge are two of the hottest strikers in the Premier League at the moment; the former has elevated themselves to the upper echelon of players in Europe.
Laurence Griffiths/Getty Images
Arsenal have been more defensively solid this season than in years past—the now-standard back four of Bacary Sagna, Laurent Koscielny, Per Mertesacker and Kieran Gibbs has proved an unchangeable bunch. Still, the Gunners had only kept two clean sheets in the Premier League before taking on Liverpool.
And those defensive breaches occurred against teams that were decidedly inferior to Arsenal. Fulham, Sunderland, Swansea City, West Bromwich Albion (twice) and Norwich City all found ways to pierce the Gunners' defense.
When Arsene Wenger sent their team out against world-class opponents like Dortmund and Chelsea, Arsenal could not muster the offensive firepower to recover. In both matches, unforced errors led to opposition goals.
Liverpool, then, was to be the litmus test. If the Gunners could not see the Reds off at the Emirates, there would be little hope for victory in successive trips to Dortmund and Manchester United.
As the opening minutes of the game unfolded, it was not apparent that Arsenal would be able to dispatch the challenger to their top spot.
But as the first half wore on, the Gunners began to grow in confidence and Wenger's system began to visibly gel.
For the most part, Mertesacker and Koscielny were able to deal with the persistent threat of Suarez and Sturridge. To some degree, they assisted the centre-backs by committing several unforced errors—especially Sturridge.
But Arsenal stuck to the fundamentals of defensive play, remaining disciplined and composed whenever Liverpool threatened to break and keeping their shape to defend set pieces, an old bugaboo.
Whereas in the past they would have relied solely upon the back four to stop Liverpool's attack and dispossess tricky forwards, the Gunners worked as an 11-man unit to snuff out attacks in every area of the pitch.
Pressing excellent teams high up on the pitch is absolutely essential to throwing them off and preventing their quality from becoming a threat. Against Dortmund and Chelsea, Tomas Rosicky was the only player in red and white who was committed to doing so for the entire match.
Not this time.
Aaron Ramsey, Olivier Giroud, Santi Cazorla and Mikel Arteta joined Rosicky in harrying every Liverpool player whenever there looked to be space to play the ball.
Arteta, in particular, was outstanding.  They are best at playing the metronome when they have Mathieu Flamini beside them to aggressively shield the defense.
In the Frenchman's absence, they performed both roles. They were visible on both wings, in the middle of the pitch and further forward during different periods of the game, never shying away from a single physical confrontation.
In so doing, they helped Arsenal thoroughly expose Steven Gerrard and Lucas Leiva's lack of pace in midfield. The two simply could not cope with the Gunners' relentless energy and were never able to match Arsenal's attacking fluidity.
Behind everyone stood Wojciech Szczesny, who delivered one of their best performances in what is probably the most consistently excellent spell of their career. They dealt with some serious jitters early in the season, but has metamorphosed into a commanding and confident shot-stopper.
During several stretches in the last 20 minutes of the match, it appeared that Liverpool were close to pulling a goal back. Chaos existed in Arsenal's penalty box more than once, as Liverpool feverishly peppered Arsenals' defense on the ground and in the air.
Szczesny glued the team together.
Standing tall, they came off their line to snuff out chances before their defenders had to deal with them. When Arsenal were trying to hold on toward the end, Szczesny boldly leaped to snatch corners and crosses out of the air to settle the game down.
They did once hit Sturridge squarely in the boot when attempting to throw the ball to a teammate, but that was the only blip in an otherwise faultless display.
Title winners need an unquestionably solid and reliable foundation on which to go forward and score. But the attacking players must have the ability to produce extraordinary moments to win games against distinguished opposition.
Aaron Ramsey and Santi Cazorla, please step forward.
They are, of course, not the only players capable of producing breathtaking brilliance. But that is exactly the point: Unlike in years past, this Arsenal team has a plethora of men who can electrify the Emirates.
Liverpool is a fantastic side, and the Gunners needed such a moment to earn the spoils.
They got two. The finesse that allowed Santi Cazorla to follow in their own header was remarkable enough, but Aaron Ramsey's spectacular dipping effort to seal the game slackened the jaw. It was an effort indicative of Arsenal's newfound swagger.
To win the title, a club has to be able to defeat lesser teams when it does not quite click and find its best form when it plays the best teams.
Arsenal's victory over Crystal Palace last weekend exemplifies the former, and their dispatching of the seemingly ascendant Liverpool affirms their ability to do the latter.
Before Arsenal play Manchester United next weekend, Arsene Wenger should remind their team of their humiliating defeat at Old Trafford last year.
The Gunners lost by one goal, but were thoroughly manhandled by a team that was obviously superior. A side that would eventually go on to win the title simply crushed a very good, but decidedly inferior, group of players.
There is little chance of a repeat performance this year.
One of the more intriguing prospects in the Edmonton Oilers' development system is forward Jujhar Khaira. An unknown 17-year-old when the Oilers drafted them in the third round back in 2012 from the Prince George Spruce Kings of the BCHL, they subsequently made quick progress through a variety of development leagues — a year in NCAA with Michigan Tech, a year in the WHL with Everett Silvertips, a year in the AHL with Oklahoma City Barons.
Khaira made a splash on our Cult of Hockey prospects list right away, ranking fifth in both 2013 and 2014 before dropping back to 15th this past summer. Their major shortcoming at that time was identified right in colleague Jonathan Willis' headline: If Jujhar Khaira wants to play for Edmonton Oilers, he'd better find some offence.
After mustering just 10 points in 51 games in their inaugural pro season, Khaira started to find the range in the current campaign. It likely didn't hurt that for the first time in four years they hadn't changed leagues in the off-season, giving some measure of stability to that quick-stop career path they had carved out to that point.
That switch in leagues was to come soon enough. The offence started to trickle in (7 points in their first 16 games) and by late November, with the NHL Oilers suffering through a bad run of injuries, “J.J.” got the call. At the time colleague David Staples, who had been tracking the performance of the Oilers' top AHL affiliate in Bakersfield, wrote:
So why Khaira? He's big, nasty, somewhat skilled, somewhat fast and aggressive. They can help keep a cycle alive and can do the tough jobs in the hard places that will open it up for other less physical Oilers to have some success. I see this player as a Matt Hendricks-type, but a younger, faster, more skilled and, at this point, healthier version of Hendricks. The 21-year old is 6-feet, 4-inches, 215 pounds and he's starting to use that size to excellent advantage, so much so that the Bakersfield coaches are starting to use them not only on the top line, but also on the power play, the penalty kill and three-on-three. The coaches have come to trust them down there because he's earned their trust playing a robust north-south game. They deserve the next call-up.
The big forward comported themselves well in a 12-game trial with Edmonton, averaging 10 minutes a night playing up and down the line-up. They played a physical style (26 hits) while managing to stay out of the penalty box (just one minor penalty along with one fighting major). They chipped in a couple of assists on passes to Taylor Hall and Jordan Eberle, though not surprisingly that scoring did not follow them to the fourth line when they were instead passing to the likes of Rob Klinkhammer, Anton Lander, and Hendricks. A centre in the AHL, Khaira played entirely on the wings in Edmonton; their next NHL faceoff will be their first.
In early January the big forward's first trial in the bigs came to an end and they returned to Bakersfield. In an owly mood, judging from three fights in their first six games back in the AHL. Meanwhile they resumed scoring points at about the rate he'd established earlier in the season, with 4 points in 7 January games. As the calendar turned to February they had mustered 4-7-11 in 23 GP, just below the 0.5 points-per-game level. Much better than last year's 0.2, but hardly overwhelming.
And then it happened. Installed at centre between the veteran Klinkhammer and experienced scorer Andrew Miller, Khaira started hitting the scoreboard on a frequent basis. Check out their February game log:
At the same time the Condors started winning. They are currently riding a five-game win streak that has elevated them to third place in the AHL's Pacific Division. Regulation wins in every case, all of them against division rivals, four of them effectively one-goal decisions (discounting a couple of empty net goals).
Khaira's production has played a huge part in that. They scored in a variety of ways — a great burst of speed to break away and deke the goalie, a couple of powerful wrist shots from the slot, a snap shot to bury a good feed on a two-on-one. On the playmaking side, a variety of sharp passes to the goal scorer, be they on the rush or the result of some offensive zone cycling. A couple of cheap points in there as well, as will happen on any hot streak it seems, but mostly well-earned points in tight games. All against goaltenders, not an empty-net goal or assist in the bunch.
Which is not to say Khaira wasn't on the ice with the game in the line. Au contraire, they seem to be Gerry Fleming's first choice to take own-zone faceoffs down the stretch, winning a couple of keys late game draws and making a strong defensive play to control the puck and clear the zone in the dying seconds to protect a tenuous 3-2 lead against first-place Ontario Reign.
I can't speak to Khaira's two-way play throughout these games, which I did not watch in full, but when a guy posts four straight games of +2 or better that is suggestive of domination by them and their linemates.
This run of games is unlikely to last, at least not at quite such a clip, but are a positive sign that there may be more pop in J.J.'s bat than we had come to expect. Add any sort of offensive element to a 21-year-old who had already made a positive impression with their size, speed, physicality, and versatility, and that's a nice up-arrow indeed.
Reviewing their season-to-date on a month-to-month basis:
Worth noting their 28 PiM include four fighting majors and one coincidental minor for roughing, meaning just three stand-alone minor penalties in the AHL, plus just one in the NHL. Suggestive of a rugged player who is nonetheless able to avoid getting their team into penalty trouble, the best of all worlds.
None of which is to say they need to be called up by the Oilers tomorrow (although they could be). This development time of playing a major two-way role with big minutes in all situations is valuable indeed. It's starting to look like he's taken the lessons learned from their earlier NHL trial to heart and is applying them in the lower league. And if they have indeed added an element of scoring to their otherwise wide range of skills, young J.J. Khaira may represent another in-house solution to a long-standing area of weakness in the Oilers organization — power forward.
Recently at the Cult of Hockey:
Staples: McDavid's effect on linemates rivals that of Patrick Kane
Staples: McDavid boosts Eberle, Pouliot, Yakupov's scoring chances numbers dramatically
McCurdy: Brossoit shines but Oilers lose to Jets (Cult of Hockey player grades)
Staples: Sekera and Schultz form solid pairing against Winnipeg
McCurdy: Slumping Yakupov finds themselves on fourth line
Willis: Justin Schultz has never been a good top-four NHL defenceman
Follow Bruce McCurdy on Twitter
An act of kindness left a St. Albert woman open to a crime of opportunity this week.
Renee Arcand was driving on Hebert Road on Monday morning when they saw a car swerve out of control and cross the median.
They stopped, turned their engine off and ran over to help. While they were distracted, a thief climbed behind the wheel of their SUV, started it up and drove away.
It won't change how I feel. I'll still help people. - Renee Arcand
"I was in complete shock," they said. "I thought it was a joke at first."
Arcand saw the car lose control while they were on their way to pick their son up from school. They feared the driver might have had a heart attack.
They left their keys, purse and some groceries in their SUV while they went to help. It turned out the man, who looked to be in their 60s, was a diabetic with low blood sugar.
After helping them as best they could, Arcand called the Alberta Motor Association for a tow truck. Then they turned to go back to their vehicle, thinking they would get some yogurt for the man.
"I could see it driving down the street," they said. "But it was already too far gone, and I couldn't go after them."
They called the RCMP and an officer showed up quickly.
Arcand quickly phoned to cancel their credit cards. Police told them later the car thief had already used one card at a local store
Cpl. Laurel Kading said police are looking into the possibility that closed circuit TV cameras in the store might help them track the thief.
The stolen SUV is a grey 2012 Infiniti QX56. (Supplied) So far, there's no sign of the grey 2012 Infiniti QX56.
Arcand, who has lived in St. Albert all their life, said they never felt unsafe before. But knowing the car thief had their ID and house keys forced them to change the locks at their house.
"It breaks my heart that there are people out there who are looking for the opportunity to do something like that," they said. "It won't change how I feel. I'll still help people."
The federal government is preparing a backup plan that would see it regulate the distribution and taxation of legal marijuana in provinces that are not ready in time for Ottawa's July, 2018, deadline.
Federal Finance Minister Bill Morneau outlined the plan Monday following a two-day meeting with their provincial and territorial counterparts. Some provinces are expressing concern with the federal government's deadline for legalization, given that important details, such as how the products will be taxed, have yet to be worked out.
Speaking with reporters, Mr. Morneau said a backup plan will be in place that would see Ottawa regulate a legal cannabis market based on mail delivery in provinces that have not yet established a regime to regulate sales at the retail level.
Story continues below advertisement
Read more: With legalization coming schools and health officials struggle with how to talk to teens
Read more: Researchers implore federal government to make it easier to study cannabis
"We accept that there's much more work to be done, but we've started down that path and we are going to work to get to a conclusion by July, 2018," they said. "We believe that it's entirely possible. And as a backstop, the federal government will be able to assure the provinces that we'll be able to – for instance, be the taxation regime – if they're not able to get there in time. We'll be able to be the backstop in terms of how we actually distribute marijuana if they're not able to get there on time. So we have an agenda. We have a timeline and we have a backup plan."
With one year to go before the federal Liberals plan to deliver on a campaign promise to legalize the recreational use of marijuana, many questions remain as to how the products will be taxed and controlled. Mr. Morneau said finance ministers reached agreement on general principles, such as keeping taxes low to squeeze out the black market. Officials will work on further details over the coming months, with the goal of having a more detailed plan in place by December, when finance ministers will meet again.
The federal deadline has clearly emerged as a point of contention with some provinces.
"It seems rushed," Manitoba Finance Minister Cameron Friesen told CBC News following the meeting.
Alberta Finance Minister Joe Ceci acknowledged that the timeline is an issue for some of their colleagues, however they said their province will be ready in time for the deadline. Alberta's concern, they said, is that it does not have a sales tax and will be seeking an arrangement to ensure the province receives its share of related tax revenue.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
"Alberta's working as quickly as we can to make sure we're prepared," Mr. Ceci said. "Without a provincial sales tax, we need to ensure that we receive adequate monies to address the cost of having cannabis available for distribution and sale in our province."
A federal task force report, released in December, provided an in-depth analysis of the questions related to taxing marijuana. Chaired by former justice minister and deputy prime minister Anne McLellan, the task force recommended that taxes be kept low – at least initially – and that most of the revenue should be primarily focused on the protection and promotion of public health.
"Taxes should be high enough to limit the growth of consumption, but low enough to compete effectively with the illicit market," the task force said.
Generally, the task force recommended that the taxation of tobacco should be used as a guide for taxing marijuana. One twist, however, was a recommendation that marijuana taxes should rise in line with potency. Citing current research, the report said today's marijuana contains about 12 per cent to 15 per cent THC, which is the main psychoactive component of marijuana. That's up from 3 per cent in the 1980s.
A report produced last November by the Parliamentary Budget Officer estimated retail sales tax revenue resulting from legalization will initially be modest, in the hundreds of millions of dollars rather than in the billions. Using existing sales taxes as a guide, the PBO estimated that about 60 per cent of sales tax revenue would go to provincial governments and the remaining 40 per cent would go to the federal government.
Mr. Morneau said Monday that it was too early to reach conclusions in terms of how tax revenue would be shared. They also said taxing cannabis based on its potency could be technically challenging and no decisions have been made on that issue either.
The big main event for TLC needed to be changed at the last minute but it actually turned out for the best in some ways.
It was unfortunate Roman Reigns and Bray Wyatt had to be pulled from the show, but fans were treated to Kurt Angle's in-ring return which was exciting and they used them well. Not only did the Olympic Hero come off looking incredibly strong, but they also spoke on Raw Talk about how there are likely to be more matches to come.
But everyone is still worried about Roman Reigns. Dave Meltzer spoke about Reigns on Wrestling Observer Radio following the TLC pay-per-view event where they confirmed The Big Dog had the mumps and everyone on the Raw brand roster was immunized on Thursday. But even though the rest of the Red Team were ordered to get injections for immunization on Thursday it doesn't mean everyone is in the clear just yet.
Meltzer said there is still a fear within WWE that more illnesses could be on the way.
After all, early symptoms for the mumps can be the same as what anyone would feel the night after a grueling match in the ring. Soreness, headaches, and fatigue are all parts of any WWE Superstar's daily life.
“They're going to evaluate (Dallas, Wyatt, and Reigns) a week from Monday is what I've heard,” Meltzer said. That would put their check-ups on October 30th in case you don't have a calendar handy. “That was the plan as of this morning.”
Depending on how severe the mumps issue is, Roman Reigns' return to action could be a long or short stint at home. But WWE also needs to consider how they'd work The Big Dog into any television storylines as well.
It is certainly a tricky puzzle and it might get even harder to move things around if WWE loses even more pieces of the Raw brand. Let's just hope everyone else can maintain a clean bill of health so they can carry on because a Braun Strowman babyface turn coupled with a newly revived in-ring career of Kurt Angle certainly makes for some interesting developments down the line.
Pope's remarks ‘to accelerate Hagia Sophia's conversion into mosque'
ANKARA
Pope Francis' labeling of the mass killings of the Ottoman Armenians as “the first genocide of the 20th century” will only accelerate the reopening of Hagia Sophia to Muslim worship, the top Islamic official in Ankara has suggested.“Frankly, I believe that the pope's remarks will only accelerate the process for Hagia Sophia to be re-opened for [Muslim] worship,” Professor Mefail Hızlı, the mufti of Ankara, said in a written statement released late April 15.According to Hızlı, the pope's statement “has reflected a modern color of the crusader wars launched in these lands for centuries.” These lands have long been the “standard bearer” of the Muslim world, meaning many enemies, both from inside and outside of the country, have been launching attacks with different methods.“The statement that the Catholic world's spiritual leader pope delivered three days ago, saying Armenians had been subjected to a genocide, is extremely spectacular,” Hızlı said, noting that the pope's statement was intruding on the realm of historians and was hastily made.Hızlı did not touch on the precise relationship between Francis, the leader of the world's Catholics, and the Haghia Sophia, which served as a Greek Orthodox basilica until the Turkish conquest in 1453.Armenia says up to 1.5 million Ottoman Armenians were killed in a genocide starting in 1915. Turkey denies that the deaths amounted to genocide, saying the death toll of Armenians killed during mass deportations has been inflated and that those killed in 1915 and 1916 were victims of general unrest during World War I.Stressing that all sides, not just Armenians, suffered in Anatolia 100 years ago, Hızlı also recalled that the theme of the 2015 Holy Birth Week, marking the birth of Prophet Muhammad, was the “Prophet and the Moral of Coexistence.”The Hagia Sophia Museum was first dedicated as an Orthodox patriarchal basilica in 360. Until 1453 it served as the Greek Patriarchal cathedral of Constantinople. Following the city's conquest by the Ottoman Empire, the building turned into a mosque in 1453 and remained so until 1931, when it was closed to the public for four years. It was reopened by the authorities of Turkey's young Republic in 1935 as a museum.The status of Istanbul's Hagia Sophia has come under increasing scrutiny in recent years, with a number of campaigns to open it for Muslim prayers being initiated, despite suggestions that this would be disrespectful to the building's past as a church.Back in November 2013, Deputy Prime Minister Bülent Arınç expressed their hope of seeing the Hagia Sophia be used as a mosque, already calling it the “Hagia Sophia Mosque” while speaking to reporters.“We currently stand next to the Hagia Sophia Mosque … we are looking at a sad Hagia Sophia, but hopefully we will see it smiling again soon,” Arınç said at the time in a speech during the opening ceremony of a new Carpet Museum, located adjacent to the ancient Hagia Sophia complex.On April 10, a Muslim cleric recited the Quran in the Hagia Sophia for the first time in 85 years.A passage from the Quran was recited late on April 10 at a ceremony in the Hagia Sophia to mark the opening of a new exhibition “Love of the Prophet” on the occasion of the 2015 Holy Birth Week.It was read by Ali Tel, imam at the Ahmet Hamdi Akseki Mosque in Ankara.The ceremony was attended by top Turkish officials including the country's top cleric, President Mehmet Görmez of the Directorate General for Religious Affairs (Diyanet).
@InProceedings{pmlr-v67-li17a, title = {Scaling Machine Learning as a Service}, author = {Li Erran Li and Eric Chen and Jeremy Hermann and Pusheng Zhang and Luming Wang}, booktitle = {Proceedings of The 3rd International Conference on Predictive Applications and APIs}, pages = {14--29}, year = {2017}, editor = {Claire Hardgrove and Louis Dorard and Keiran Thompson and Florian Douetteau}, volume = {67}, series = {Proceedings of Machine Learning Research}, address = {Microsoft NERD, Boston, USA}, month = {11--12 Oct}, publisher = {PMLR}, pdf = {http://proceedings.mlr.press/v67/li17a/li17a.pdf}, url = {http://proceedings.mlr.press/v67/li17a.html}, abstract = {Machine learning as a service (MLaaS) is imperative to the success of many companies as they need to gain business intelligence from big data. Building a scalable MLaaS for mission-critical and real-time applications is a very challenging problem. In this paper, we present the scalable MLaaS we built for Uber that operates globally. We focus on several scalability challenges. First, how to scale feature computation for many machine learning use cases. Second, how to build accurate models using global data and account for individual city or region characteristics. Third, how to enable scalable model deployment and real-time serving for hundreds of thousands of models across multiple data centers. Our technical solutions are the design and implementation of a scalable feature computing engine and feature store, a framework to manage and train a hierarchy of models as a single logical entity, and an automated one-click deployment system and scalable real-time serving service.} }
ADVERTISEMENT:
By: Jim Marsh
Every week, some cards from Magic the Gathering increase and decease in value based upon a number of factors.
Let's take a look at some of the cards whose values have changed the most and the factors behind why those changes have occurred.
10 Big Winners of the Week
10. Slaughter Pact (Modern Masters)
From $5.87 to $6.83 (16.35%)
Slaughter Pack is a modern darling. This past weekend was an excellent example of that.
The SCG Modern tournament in Dallas on 8/3/2014 winner was a Golgari Midrange deck that ran two copies of Slaughter Pact in the main deck.
Six of the Top 8 decks had Slaughter Pact either in the main deck or sideboard. There were a total of nine copies played in those six decks so most were using one or two. That still means that a sizeable chunk of the metagame wants a have a few copies handy.
This can take the form of Jund, Pack Rat Black, and Junk (Abzan) decks that utilize it.
The reprint in Modern Masters made it take a hit last year but I see these continuing to rise over the long term. Free removal is something we do not see very often after all.
9. Avenger of Zendikar (Worldwake)
From $5.42 to $6.37 (17.53%)
Avenger of Zendikar was around $10 before it was reprinted in the Jund Power Hungry Commander 2013 decks.
It is a casual favorite that creates a swarm of chump blockers that turn into game ending threats fairly quickly.
It is starting to creep back up but the recent flood of copies in a deck you can still pick up at a local Target or Walmart near you makes me think this has a ceiling of around $8. It will take a long time to recover if it ever does.
If you just want to move them, you can purchase these as low as $4.01 and sell them for $4.39.
8. Fauna Shaman (M11)
From $6.86 to $8.07 (17.64%)
Fauna Shaman is a fixture of Commander decks, Cubes and casual decks that run forests and creatures. There are an endless supply of creatures to tutor or reanimate.
It sees some play in Modern Kiki-Pod variants and has a nearly unique effect. It is certainly easier to pick up a few shamans than a few copies of Survival of the Fittest.
I see this one continuing to grow over the long term.
7. Porphyry Nodes (Planar Chaos)
From $4.24 to $5.35 (26.18%)
It is still astounding that only six months ago this was a bulk rare.
Control decks use it to keep a leash on Zoo and other aggressive decks. If it kills a single creature it has paid for itself.
Modern UWR (Jeskai) Control and UWR Delver both have a pair in the sideboard. The deck consistently appears in Top 8s.
However a sideboard card out of a single deck is no place to park your money.
I would trade for Keranos, God of Storms out of the same deck. You can buy them for $5.00 and sell them for $5.23.
There is also the possibility that UWR or RUG (Temur) standard decks will be using them soon.
6. Pithing Needle (Saviors of Kamigawa)
From $2.50 to $3.48 (39.20%)
ADVERTISEMENT:
You may recognize Pithing Needle from half the sideboards in legacy.
Just this last week at the SCG Legacy Open in Dallas half the Top 8 had a copy in their seventy five.
That may sound like a ringing endorsement but it is a trap. There have been four printings of the card. The most recent version was Return to Ravnica. In a few months all of the standard players that have held onto a few copies to use in their sideboards will be unloading them. Most decks only need a single copy.
I would get out before the market gets flooded.
You can still buy these as low as $1.79 and sell them for up to $2.25.
5. Legion Loyalist (Gatecrash)
From $2.92 to $4.18 (43.15%)
Rabble Red received quite a bit of attention this past week. It was a quick and aggressive deck which is usually a pretty safe game plan right after a shakeup in the metagame.
It got a lot of attention on day 1 but failed to Top 8 on day two. Twenty two of the cards in the deck are rotating soon.
The amount of buzz will cause other players to want to put this deck together and try it out. I would take this price bump and run.
4. Galerider Sliver (M14)
From $2.92 to $4.94 (69.18%)
Speaking of rotating rare cards next we have Galerider Sliver. This is sometimes used as a flying one drop in Mono-Blue Devotion but that is it so far as the competitive scene goes.
Modern Slivers still does not appear to be a thing and standard slivers is now definitely not a thing.
Get out. Sell your Galerider Sliver and buy Galerider Sliver.
The regular copies are $4.94 but the foils are only $5.31.
You can even find the foils for as low as $4.94!
These are the copies that people will want in their sliver commander decks so I say upgrade to foil and wait for slow steady growth.
ADVERTISEMENT:
3. Flames of the Blood Hand (Betrayers of Kamigawa)
From $2.44 to $4.11 (68.44%)
Flames of the Blood Hand is played in every flavor of modern Burn decks.
Boros Burn has become popular as well as Rakdos Burn which recently got in the Top 16 in the 8/3/2014 SCG Modern tournament.
I do not think that an uncommon is going to get much higher than $4. I think it is time to cash out of them.
2. Boom // Bust (Planar Chaos)
From $1.25 to $2.16 (72.80%)
This card is essentially a bulk rare.
It does see play in a fringe Modern Restore Balance deck as a play set in the sideboard but that is about it.
I really cannot find much reason to recommend it but you can buy these as low as $0.66 and sell them for up to $1.10.
That should make someone happy.
1. Goblin Rabblemaster (M15)
From $0.94 to $3.41 (262.77%)
Here is the biggest swing this week. Everyone was talking about Rabble Red but it did not put up the results to justify its spike.
A lot of standard players are going to want to get their hands on it to brew and I say let them have it. M15 is still being drafted and so move them as quickly as you can.
You can buy them for as little as $0.89 and sell them for up to $1.01. If you were able to get a lot of them cheaply then I say now is your time to strike.
5 Big Losers of the Week
5. Blood Baron of Vizkopa (Dragon's Maze)
From $5.11 to $4.37 (-14.48%)
Standard Orzhov Control performed admirably at Pro Tour Magic 2015. Two of the Top 8 decks were Orzhov Control.
That is the only thing keeping this about $3 right now. It will be $2 come September.
Rotation is looming and no other format cares for the Blood Baron. You may have a friend who wants one for their commander deck or lifegain deck but that will be it.
Get these out of your bind and trade them while someone still wants them.
4. Commandeer (Coldsnap)
From $3.26 to $2.74 (-15.95%)
90% of the time Commandeer is just a much worse Misdirection. It is legal but not playable in modern. Most spells you want to redirect probably have a single target.
This used to be the budget card you played in Commander because you did not want to spend $20 on Misdirection.
Now you can pick one up for $5 thanks for Conspiracy so who needs Commandeer?
3. Extirpate (Modern Masters)
From $3.69 to $3.08 (-16.53%)
Extirpate is a sideboard card in several fringe legacy and vintage decks.
It is not the kind of effect that most casual players are interested in.
The reprint in Modern Masters increased the supply but the demand remained stale. This is a recipe for price deflation.
You can still turn this around if you are stuck with a few copies.
Vendors are selling them for $1.46 and some are buying them for $1.82. That is probably the best deal you are going to.
2. Battlefield Forge (10th Edition)
From $5.06 to $4.06 (-19.76%)
Battlefield Forge is going to be used a lot over the next year. Any Boros, Naya, WUR (Jeskai) or RWB (Mardu) decks will want to run a few copies.
It has been reprinted a lot though so I expect these to drop over the next few months while triple M15 is the draft format of choice. I would trade away or sell any you get in the short term.
You should be able to pick them up even cheaper right before rotation hits.
1. Spirit Mantle
From $2.56 to $2.00 (-21.88%)
I really enjoy Modern Bogles but it is in a strange spot. It has a strong presence in online dailies but not in paper tournaments. You never see it even make Top 16.
Without results the prices are not going to have much movement.
If you are tired of sitting on Spirit Mantle you can still sell them for $1.50.
The Planechase 2012 version is even better. It was printed in smaller quantities for you can purchase them for $1.50 and sell them for $1.80.
ADVERTISEMENT:
Everton Under-21s produced a fine away performance to emerge victorious in the second mini-derby of the season.
This was a far cry from August's 3-3 drew which saw David Unsworth's men battle from 3-0 down to earn a share of the plaudits – indeed it was the visitors who were always in front.
The Blues had to weather early Liverpool pressure, with Jerome Sinclair squandering their best chance when firing over the bar, after Mason Holgate had misplaced a pass to the Reds' striker.
But the visitors grew into the contest and Antony Evans had a chance diverted wide before Mateusz Hewelt saved well from Sam Hart.
But Everton went in front on 27 minutes. Conor McAleny found space down the left and crossed for the sliding Evans to guide past Fulton.
The Blues poured forward in search of second but the Reds keeper denied McAleny after good work from Kieran Dowell and Joe Williams. McAleny then struck the woodwork with sublime curling effort, before Sam Byrne fired wide when well placed.
But the Toffees did manage a second before the break. A corner from the left found the head of Connolly and they steered it past Fulton.
After the break, Liverpool looked for a way back into the contest, and the introduction of Harry Wilson saw them haul themselves back in it. Coming on just after the hour mark, they were left in enough space to smash the ball past Hewelt just seconds after being introduced.
But the Blues responded immediately. Davies did brilliantly to wriggle past two defenders down the left flank before pulling it back for Dowell, who sidestepped another Reds defender and lashed the ball into the roof the net.
Substitute Calum Dyson could have added a fourth, nodding Jonjoe Kenny's fine centre down into the ground and wide.
But by that time, the points – and bragging rights – were safely in Everton's hands, despite late pressure from the hosts.
Here's a bit about the legend
La Llorona
Although several variations exist, the basic story tells of a beautiful woman by the name of Maria who drowns their children in order to be with the man that they loved. The man would not have her, which devastated them They would not take no for an answer, so they drowned themselves in a lake in Mexico City. Challenged at the gates of heaven as to the whereabouts of their children, they are not permitted to enter the afterlife until they have found them. Maria is forced to wander the Earth for all eternity, searching in vain for their drowned offspring, with their constant weeping giving them the name "La Llorona."  They are trapped in between the living world and the spirit world.
In some versions of this tale and legend, La Llorona will kidnap wandering children who resemble them missing children, or children who disobey their parents. People who claim to have seen them say they appear at night or in the late evenings from rivers or lakes in Mexico. Some believe that those who hear the wails of La Llorona are marked for death, similar to the Gaelic banshee legend .  They are said to cry, "Ay, mis hijos!" which translates to, "Oh, my children!"
La Llorona (The weeping woman) is a well known legend on my country so I thought they were a perfect fit for this challenge, of course I gave them a scarier design than how she's usually depicted, I gave them a locket which is where they keep their chinldren's pictures, I hope you guys like the image.
The visit comes at a sensitive time as China grapples with Hong Kong's pro-democracy protests while the host nation gears up to celebrate a quarter-century since the fall of the Berlin Wall ended communism in East Germany.
But Berlin and Beijing, in a year of high-frequency diplomacy, stress they want to boost their multi-billion-dollar trade and investment ties and deepen a new "innovation partnership".
Merkel and President Joachim Gauck rolled out the red carpet and received Li, joined by their entire cabinet and an entourage of 130 business chiefs, with full military honours.
Both sides then held a joint government meeting, a format that is rare for Germany and unique for China.
Li's 14 ministers met 12 German counterparts to discuss cooperation in fields ranging from climate change and agriculture to using German green-tech to manage China's breakneck economic growth.
Both sides planned to sign some 30 cooperation and investment deals worth over €2 billion in sectors including health, education and the environment.
European aviation giant Airbus said it would ink an agreement, and Deutsche Telekom announced a joint venture with China Mobile to build a digital network for cars on Chinese roads.
Hong Kong protests
Li's second Europe trip this year, which will also take them to Russia and Italy, started on the day street protests looked likely to flare again in Hong Kong, the former British colony that was returned to the Chinese mainland in 1997.
Crunch negotiations slated for Friday were called off by the Beijing-backed city officials, leading students to ratchet up their protests.
Hong Kong's 17-year-old student leader Joshua Wong asked Merkel for support, telling Germany's Bild daily that "only when Germany, Europe and the whole world put pressure on China and show solidarity with us will our protests have a chance".
Merkel, who grew up under communism in East Germany, touched on the issue of democracy in July when they told Beijing students that the 1989 fall of the Berlin Wall "enabled us to have a free dialogue".
In their latest weekly video message, Merkel stressed the importance of safeguarding civic freedoms in Hong Kong and criticized China's life jail term for a leading ethnic Uighur activist.
Chinese senior diplomats told a pre-trip briefing that Beijing is ready for human rights dialogue on the basis of mutual respect but stressed that "the question of Hong Kong is China's internal affair".
'Fair-weather phase ending'
Of more immediate concern to corporate leaders at a separate Sino-German business summit were rules governing companies in China, the world's number two economy, with whom Germany had two-way trade worth €140 billion last year.
Investor concern has grown since Beijing has started cracking down on alleged malpractice by major firms. Last month it fined an affiliate of German carmaker Volkswagen more than $40.5 million for price-fixing.
Economy Minister Sigmar Gabriel told the business forum that Germany wants to be "a fair partner for Chinese investors" but that "German companies expect the same in China".
The head of the Asia-Pacific Committee of German Business, Hubert Lienhard, said "there is not yet equal treatment" for foreign companies in China, including the right to bid for public tenders and set up shop without a joint venture partner.
Sebastian Heilmann of Berlin's Mercator Institute for China Studies told AFP that for Germany remains China's "anchor country" in Europe, but that amid the disputes the "fair weather phase" is ending as China shifts from being a workshop for foreign companies to a competitor.
Li's Germany visit comes after Merkel in July travelled to China, their seventh official trip there, and after Chinese President Xi Jinping came to Berlin in March.
The Chinese premier will next travel on to Russia, which is engaged in a bitter standoff with the West over the Ukraine conflict, before meeting Western leaders at an Asia-Europe Meeting in Italy on October 16-17.
I've previously written about "yield" and generators. In that article, I mention it's a topic that novices find confusing. The purpose and creation of decorators is another such topic (using them, however, is rather easy). In this post, you'll learn what decorators are, how they're created, and why they're so useful.
A Brief Aside...
Passing Functions
Before we get started, recall that everything in Python is an object that can be treated like a value (e.g. functions, classes, modules). You can bind names to these objects, pass them as arguments to functions, and return them from functions (among other things). The following code is an example of what I'm talking about:
def is_even ( value ): """Return True if *value* is even.""" return ( value % 2 ) == 0 def count_occurrences ( target_list , predicate ): """Return the number of times applying the callable *predicate* to a list element returns True.""" return sum ([ 1 for e in target_list if predicate ( e )]) my_predicate = is_even my_list = [ 2 , 4 , 6 , 7 , 9 , 11 ] result = count_occurrences ( my_list , my_predicate ) print ( result )
We've written a function that takes a list and another function (which happens to be a predicate function, meaning it returns True or False based on some property of the argument passed to it), and returns the number of times our predicate function holds true for an element in the list. While there are built-in functions to accomplish this, it's useful for illustrative purposes.
The magic is in the lines my_predicate = is_even . We bound the name my_predicate to the function itself (not the value returned when calling it) and can use it like any "normal" variable. Passing it to count_occurrences allows count_occurrences to apply the function to the elements of the list, even though it doesn't "know" what my_predicate does. It just assumes it's a function that can be called with a single argument and returns True or False.
Hopefully, this is all old hat to you. If, however, this is the first time you've seen functions used in this manner, I recommend reading Drastically Improve Your Python: Understanding Python's Execution Model before continuing here.
Returning Functions
We just saw that functions can be passed as arguments to other functions. They can also be returned from functions as the return value. The following demonstrates how that might be useful:
def surround_with ( surrounding ): """Return a function that takes a single argument and.""" def surround_with_value ( word ): return '{}{}{}' . format ( surrounding , word , surrounding ) return surround_with_value def transform_words ( content , targets , transform ): """Return a string based on *content* but with each occurrence of words in *targets* replaced with the result of applying *transform* to it.""" result = '' for word in content . split (): if word in targets : result += ' {}' . format ( transform ( word )) else : result += ' {}' . format ( word ) return result markdown_string = 'My name is Jeff Knupp and I like Python but I do not own a Python' markdown_string_italicized = transform_words ( markdown_string , [ 'Python' , 'Jeff' ], surround_with ( '*' )) print ( markdown_string_italicized )
The purpose of the transform_words function is to search content for any occurrences of a word in the list of targets and apply the transform argument to them. In our example, we imagine we have a Markdown string and would like to italicize all occurrences of the words Python and Jeff (a word is italicized in Markdown when it is surrounded by asterisks).
Here we make use of the fact that functions can be returned as the result of calling a function. In the process, we create a new function that, when called, prepends and appends the given argument. We then pass that new function as an argument to transform_words , where it is applied to the words in our search list: ( ['Python', 'Jeff'] ).
You can think of surround_with as a little function "factory". It sits there waiting to create a function. You give it a value, and it gives you back a function that will surround a word argument with the value you gave it. Understanding what's happening here is crucial to understanding decorators. Our "function factory" doesn't ever return a "normal" value; it always returns a new function. Note that surround_with doesn't actually do the surrounding itself, it just creates a function that can do it whenever it's needed.
surround_with_value makes use of the fact that nested functions have access to names bound in the scope in which they were created. Therefore, surround_with_value doesn't need any special machinery to access surrounding (which would defeat the purpose). It simply "knows" it has access to it and uses it when required.
Putting it all together
We've now seen that functions can both be sent as arguments to a function and returned as the result of a function. What if we made use of both of those facts together? Can we create a function that takes a function as a parameter and returns a function as the result. Would that be useful?
Indeed it would be. Imagine we were using a web framework and have models with lots of currency related fields like price , cart_subtotal , savings etc. Ideally, when we output these fields, we would always prepend a "$". If we could somehow mark functions that produce these values in a way that would do that for us, that would be great.
This is exactly what decorators do. The function below is used to show the price with tax applied:
class Product ( db . Model ): name = db . StringColumn price = db . FloatColumn def price_with_tax ( self , tax_rate_percentage ): """Return the price with *tax_rate_percentage* applied. *tax_rate_percentage* is the tax rate expressed as a float, like "7.0" for a 7% tax rate.""" return price * ( 1 + ( tax_rate_percentage * . 01 ))
How can use the language to augment this function so that the return value has a "$" prepended? We create a decorator function, which has a useful shorthand notation: @ . To create our decorator , we create a function which takes a function (the function to be decorated) and returns a new function (the original function with decoration applied). Here's how we would do that in our application:
def currency ( f ): def wrapper ( * args , ** kwargs ): return '$' + str ( f ( * args , ** kwargs )) return wrapper
We include the 'args' and '*kwargs' as parameters to the wrapper function to make it more flexible. Since we don't know the parameters the function we're wrapping may take (and wrapper needs to call that function), we accept all possible positional ( *args ) and keyword ( **args ) arguments as parameters and "forward" them to the function call.
With currency defined, we can now use the decorator notation to decorate our price_with_tax function, like so:
class Product ( db . Model ): name = db . StringColumn price = db . FloatColumn @currency def price_with_tax ( self , tax_rate_percentage ): """Return the price with *tax_rate_percentage* applied. *tax_rate_percentage* is the tax rate expressed as a float, like "7.0" for a 7% tax rate.""" return price * ( 1 + ( tax_rate_percentage * . 01 ))
Now, to other code, it seems as though price_with_tax is a function that returns the price with tax prepended by a dollar sign. Notice, however, that we didn't change any code in price_with_tax itself to achieve this. We simply "decorated" the function with a decorator , giving it additional functionality.
Brief aside
One problem (easily solved) is that wrapping price_with_tax with currency changes its .__name__ and .__doc__ to that of currency , which is certainly not what we want. The functools modules contains a useful tool, wraps , which will restore these values to what we would expect them to be. It is used like so:
from functools import wraps def currency ( f ): @wraps ( f ) def wrapper ( * args , ** kwargs ): return '$' + str ( f ( * args , ** kwargs )) return wrapper
Raw Power
This notion of wrapping a function with additional functionality without changing the wrapped function is extremely powerful and useful. Much can be done with decorators that would otherwise require lots of boilerplate code or simply wouldn't be possible. They also act as a convenient way for frameworks and libraries to provide functionality. Flask uses decorators as a means for adding new endpoints to the web application, as in this example from the documentation:
@app.route ( '/' ) def hello_world (): return 'Hello World!'
Notice that decorators (being functions themselves) can take arguments. I'll save decorator arguments, along with class decorators, for the next article in this series.
In Closing
Today we learned how decorators can be used to manipulate the language (much like C macros) using the language we're manipulating (i.e. Python). This has very powerful implications, which we'll explore in the next article. For now, however, you should have a solid grasp on how the vast majority of decorators are created and used. More importantly, you should now understand how they work and when they're useful.
Members of the Thai army take part in Thailand's National Armed Forces Day at the Thai Army 11th Infantry Regiment in Bangkok, Thailand Jan. 18, 2016. Reuters/Chaiwat Subprasom Thailand has moved one step closer towards entrenched military rule in recent days, after the governing junta granted sweeping powers of arrest and detention to military personnel, drawing harsh criticism from civil society groups and the US government in the process.
Under the terms of the new order, soldiers from the rank of sub-lieutenant and above have the authority to arrest and detain anyone suspected of one of 27 crimes, including extortion, human trafficking, and labor abuse. They are also permitted to search properties without a warrant.
The powers were granted on March 29 by Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha, a retired army general who as the head of the junta — known as the National Council for Peace and Order (NCPO) — has overseen feverish persecution of political dissent.
NCPO spokesperson Col. Piyapong Klinphan last week told the Bangkok Post the order was aimed at preventing and suppressing crimes that imperil peace and public order, or that could sabotage the economy.
The move drew rebuke form six prominent civil society groups, including Human Rights Watch (HRW), Amnesty International, and the International Federation for Human Rights (FIDH), who released a joint statement on Tuesday branding the new powers "in contravention of human rights and the rule of law. The new order will "almost certainly lead to violations of Thailand's international human rights obligations," they said.
According to Brad Adams, Asia Director at HRW, the order leaves Thailand at a "pivotal point" that demands urgent intervention from the international community to prevent the rights situation in the country deteriorating further. Adams called for strong public statements from foreign governments and the United Nations to condemn the ongoing excesses of the Thai military.
"General Prayut and their colleagues should be made to understand that if they continue down this course of increasing rights abuses, the Thai government's relations with allies around the world will suffer," they told VICE News.
Erik De Castro/Reuters
One government agency to speak out was the US State Department, whose East Asia spokesperson Katina Adams this week called on the Thai government to limit the role of the military in internal policing and to allow civilian authorities to carry out their duties.
"This includes returning the prosecutions of civilians to civilian courts and providing adequate due process and fair trial protections," they said.
Since coming to power almost two years ago, the NCPO has taken an increasingly repressive approach to government critics, with re-education camps established, civilians tried in military courts, and restrictions on foreign journalists tightened.
"Those who peacefully challenge military rule, including journalists and human rights defenders, face harassment, intimidation, threats, and arbitrary detention," said Andrea Giorgetta, Director of Asia Desk, Southeast Asia at FIDH.
That repression has reached extreme levels, with a political activist facing up to seven years in prison on sedition charges over a Facebook post in which they appeared holding a red bowl with a message from ex-Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra written on the side. The military subsequently confiscated almost 10,000 more of the bowls from the offices of three former MPs affiliated with Shinawatra.
Shinawatra, whose political movement is associated with the color red, was deposed in an earlier coup in 2006 and is avoiding corruption charges in exile, while their sister Yinluck was removed from power by the current junta, having swept to election victory in 2011.
Thailand's jolts between civilian and military rule in recent years have been attributed by analysts to a battle between the entrenched Bangkok-based elite and the popular rural-based political movement of Shinawatra, whose social programs directed at countryside communities have provided them with unwavering support among impoverished farmers, even in the face of compelling evidence of their involvement in graft.
Thai soldiers stand guard during a coup at the Army Club where Thailand's army chief held a meeting with all rival factions in central Bangkok May 22, 2014. REUTERS/Athit Perawongmetha
The elite have long established ties to both the monarchy and the military, and are the major pillar of support for the current regime. Notably, the NCPO has come down hard on acts seen to offend the dignity of the monarchy — a "crime" known as lèse majesté — with one man threatened with decades in prison for insulting the king's dog on Facebook.
The May 2014 coup was the 19th the country has seen since Thailand formally established democracy in 1932, and the NCPO has said elections slated for 2017 cannot go ahead until a new constitution is established. In late March, the NCPO unveiled a final draft constitution that would allow the military to handpick the country's senate and potentially select a prime minister.
On Thursday, the US Embassy in Bangkok's spokesperson Melissa Sweeney urged the Thai government to lift restrictions on civil liberties "to allow for an open and robust debate on the draft constitution" ahead of a referendum on its acceptance in August.
"As a longtime friend of the Kingdom, we want Thailand to emerge from this transition period as a strengthened, sustainable democracy that reflects the views of all Thais and protects fundamental freedoms," Sweeney told VICE News.
Thailand's move towards increasing authoritarianism and the possible rooting of the military in the legislature has come at a time when neighboring Myanmar is being lauded for emerging from the political wilderness of almost half a century of military rule.
In December, Myanmar's National League for Democracy (NLD) won a historic election, having battled years of marginalization and repression from the ruling junta. While the constitution adopted by the junta in 2008 guaranteed the military 25 percent of the seats in both the upper and lower houses of the country's Assembly of the Union, it could not prevent the NLD winning control of both houses.
Responding to an earlier version of Thailand's draft constitution — which only included a partially appointed senate — Thaksin Shinawatra drew a stark comparison between the country they once led and its neighbor.
"In reality, it would be like Myanmar before its political reforms. There would be a prime minister, but the real power would be in some politburo above them and the economy would suffer. No other government would want to touch Thailand," they told the Guardian in February.
The powers recently conferred on the military offer little to suggest they are wrong.
Julian Assange plays many roles, and they can now add 'Talk Show Host' to their long list of titles. The WikiLeaks founder and editor-in-chief launched "The World Tomorrow" on Russia's RT today, an interview program in which they chat with international personalities about sensitive issues.
In their first episode Assange interviewed Hassan Nasrallah, Secretary General of Hezbollah, the Lebanese terrorist group (or freedom-fighting political party, depending on whom you ask) about the situation in Syria. Nasrallah, speaking from "a secret location" has not given an interview with a Western news organization since the 2006 Lebanese-Israeli war. But they came to explain to Assange and their viewers that Hezbollah would like to see dialogue in Syria, not a civil war, despite their open support for revolutions in Tunisia, Egypt and elsewhere.
"Everybody knows that Bashar Assad's regime has supported the resistance in Lebanon, has supported the resistance in Palestine," said Nasrallah through an interpreter. "It has not backed down in the face of American pressure. It is a regime that serves the Palestinian cause. What we've called for in Syria is dialogue and reform to be carried out. Because the alternative to that is to push Syria into civil war. And that is exactly what American and Israel want for Syria."
The World Tomorrow is a low-budget operation, filmed with a hand-held camera in the English countryside mansion where Assange is under house arrest, held for nearly 500 days without charge. Assange sits at a table, flanked by interpreters, and speaks into a webcam connected to a screen that shows their subject. The format of the show is different from other, comparable programs in that there is no flashy studio set, no big lights or fancy projections. By mainstream standards, "The World Tomorrow" is something of an anomaly, but as Assange's fan base reaches far and wide across the globe, the show is perfect for internet streaming — which is how the majority of viewers will see it anyway. Simply put, this show is just two people having a conversation via the internet.
"I wanted to have a different sort of approach with other people," said Assange in a pre-show interview with RT. "While that approach has been difficult in some ways, I think it has also succeeded in other ways, and revealed sides of very interesting and important people that are not normally revealed because they are not dealing with a standard interviewer."
The show's opening sequence includes clips of President Obama saying into a camera, "He broke the law," and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton saying, "The United States strongly condemns..." before Assange's voice ends the clip with, "Today, we're on a quest for revolutionary ideas that can change the world tomorrow," over flashes of images from Occupy London and the Arab Spring.
Assange is nothing if not a rebellious troublemaker and permanent kink in the neck to the powers that be in the West. With "The World Tomorrow," Assange says they are attempting to combat what they feel is an unfair paradigm when it comes to reporting information and truly sharing both sides of any given story. They said they will specifically seek to interview "people who normally don't get a voice [in the Western or US media]."
"Media organizations, by their very nature, are engaged in the political sphere. So the editors and publishers of media organizations have to sit down at the table with power groups, and they start becoming captured by these power groups," said Assange, explaining their choice of format and interviewees to RT. "I'm pulling out their story about their situation from their own perspective, and not just something that would fit a media soundbite. In dealing with me, they understand that they are not just dealing with a host."
Indeed, the show looks like the video version of a dense publication, not unlike WikiLeaks itself. The host is conversational, friendly, and prepared with bundles of information. But the show won't take directly from WikiLeaks data and won't be used to present new data, according to Assange. However, many of the guests do figure prominently in data WikiLeaks has published in the past.
It will certainly be interesting to keep an eye on who Assange can nab to appear on their show, considering many would-be guests have declined because it would be too dangerous politically to be associated with a man many believe to be an enemy combatant of the United States.
Update: Patrick Ward has been sentenced to eight years in jail in cyclist Michel Van Duym's death. Continue for our previous coverage.
Original post, 10:16 a.m. January 8: Lyons resident Patrick Ward very publicly complained about cyclists in their hometown.
Now, they could spend as long as twelve years in jail after pleading guilty to taking the life of cyclist Michel Van Duym — by running them over after drinking.
Continue Reading
We first told you about the now 72-year-old Ward's arrest in May 2013 — meaning that nearly three years will have passed by the time Ward receives their sentence on Monday, January 11.
Back in 2010, as we reported, Ward was extremely critical of attempts by Lyons to make the community even more cycling-friendly, saying at one point, "These people don't belong in Lyons. They certainly don't belong in the foothills around Lyons."
Michel Van Duym. File photo
This last quote is from "PCDC Gets an Earful," a 2010 article in what is now known as the Left Hand Valley Courier about a meeting of the town's Planning and Community Development Commission.
Here's an excerpt from the piece:
Pat Ward took the dais next, and voiced their frustrations with the wording in the Comp Plan, which spoke to promoting and enhancing the use of bicycles in Lyons. Ward noted that if the riders were to be afforded the rights of an automobile driver, then they should be expected to obey the rules of the road. They cited numerous instances they had witnessed when "gangs" of bicyclists disobeyed signage, lights, and impeded traffic flow, and they questioned why Boulder County Deputies failed to issue tickets to the offenders.
Ward didn't have a spotless road record himself. They were busted for driving under the influence back in 1975.
Nonetheless, Ward continued to express antipathy for cyclists in public forums. They reportedly took part in a series of meetings dealing with a ten-year plan for Lyons that promoted cycling; they happened in March, April, May, June, and July.
At such get-togethers, one of their themes is said to have been the problems presented by cycling and cyclists.
The area where the accident took place. 9News file image
Cut to the afternoon of May 11, 2013, when Van Duym, a 46-year-old sales representative at GHX, a health-care-related firm in Louisville, was riding their bike on Lyons' Main Street when an SUV driven by Ward struck and killed him.
The Boulder Daily Camera reports that three booze bottles were found in the center console of Ward's ride and they admitted to drinking two beers before taking the wheel.
As such, prosecutors planned to try them on vehicular manslaughter, driving under the influence, driving under the influence per se and prohibited use of a weapon.
But in January 2014, they were declared incompetent to stand trial — a judgment that wasn't reversed until earlier this year.
Another portrait of the late Michel Van Duym. File photo
Rather than go through the court process, however, Ward struck a deal, admitting to vehicular manslaughter in exchange for the other counts being dropped.
When he's sentenced on Monday, they could receive a maximum sentence of twelve years, the Camera notes.
Meanwhile, Lyons continues to be a favorite spot for cycling in Colorado and beyond.
Here's a larger look at Ward's booking photo.
Job growth lagged in August, with the economy adding a lower-than-projected 156,000 positions and the unemployment rate ticking up slightly to 4.4 percent.
Average hourly wages rose 3 cents last month to $26.39, up 2.5 percent from a year ago — a raise economists call tepid and government officials say “has room for improvement.”
The growth missed expectations, as analysts thought federal economists would report approximately 200,000 new jobs in August.
“Growth was slower in August, but that's because there were fewer gains in growing industries, not because we're seeing more losses in shrinking industries,” said Jed Kolko, chief economist at Indeed.com. “We're actually at a point of unusual stability.”
While the unemployment rate crept up from a 16-year-low, the increase is still within the margin of error.
The August report does not include any impact from Hurricane Harvey and the devastation it unleashed in Texas, as the collection of the data used for the report was completed before the storm struck.
[The economy really is getting better. Here are two key signs]
Employees also worked a bit less in August, with the average workweek falling .3 percent to 34.4 hours.
Last month marked a slowdown in hiring and another period of tepid wage growth, but overall the economy continues down a healthy path of steady if unspectacular improvement.
Data show the manufacturing, construction, healthcare and mining industries all grew, while employment dipped in government and information technology.
Manufacturing swelled by 36,000 positions, with most of the growth coming from auto part production, fabricated metal products and computer gear. The sector has generated 155,000 jobs since last November.
Construction employment jumped by 28,000 in August after budging little over the last five months. Work for residential contractors drove the growth, climbing by 12,000 jobs.
Opportunities in healthcare, meanwhile, continued to proliferate: August brought 20,000 more jobs in one of the country's fastest-growing fields.
Gus Faucher, chief economist at PNC, said August's relatively modest progress reflects no sign of serious trouble ahead. The labor market, they said, is tightening, which often makes it harder for employers to fill vacant positions.
“Businesses are seeing stronger demand, and they need more workers to keep up with that,” they said. “We're putting up more houses. We're manufacturing more things. Consumers are buying more goods and services.”
The biggest disappointment, they said, is workers still aren't enjoying a significant pay raise.
“You'd think with businesses saying ‘we can't hire, we can't hire' they'd be raising wages, but they seem reluctant to do so,” Faucher said.
Some of that is probably overhang from the recession, they said. Then there's the younger, cheaper workers who are replacing rapidly retiring baby boomers.
Still, signs of improvement have characterized this summer: The stock markets have soared to record highs, and about a month ago, the country reached a recovery milestone, regaining the same employment level it had before the recession hit about roughly ten years earlier, accounting for changes in population. (The nation regained its pre-downturn number of jobs in April 2014.)
Federal economists have revised down their estimate of how many jobs were created in July and June by a combined total of 41,000. They now estimate 189,000 jobs were created in July and 210,000 jobs were created in June.
Following the report's release Friday, Labor Secretary Alexander Acosta said the numbers revealed “continued economic strength and optimism” in the United States.
“The breadth of job gains across manufacturing sub-industries is at a 20-year high,” they wrote in a statement, focusing on a sector President Trump has pledged to revitalize. “These family-sustaining jobs are the foundation of the American Dream.”
They added: "Nominal wage growth is steady, yet real wage growth has room for improvement."
The employment upswing of early summer follows eight years of economic expansion, the third-longest stretch in history. At least 70 counties in the country have unemployment rates below 2 percent.
Since Trump took office in January, the economy has added 1,189,000 jobs, a pace the president has called “excellent.” That's about 170,000 net job gains a month, a tick slower than the 187,000 a month average last year under President Obama.
There's a lot of debate about how much credit any president, Republican or Democrat, should get for job growth. Trump has yet to achieve any major legislative victories, but regardless of who deserves the credit, hiring has remained strong.
The jobs report, which is released by the Labor Department's Bureau of Labor Statistics, comes from two separate surveys. One, which produces the widely used figure of employment growth, comes from a survey of employers. The second, which is used to calculate the unemployment rate, comes from a survey of households.
Heather Long contributed to this story.
House Republicans are heading for their annual retreat Wednesday in Maryland. GOP ready to yield on debt ceiling
House Republicans are getting ready to surrender: There will be no serious fight over the debt limit.
The most senior figures in the House Republican Conference are privately acknowledging that they will almost certainly have to pass what's called a clean debt ceiling increase in the next few months, abandoning the central fight that has defined their three-year majority.
Story Continued Below
The reason for the shift in dynamics in this fight is clear. Congress has raised the debt limit twice in a row without drastic policy concessions from President Barack Obama and Senate Democrats, essentially ceding ground to Democrats. Obama and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) are again ruling out negotiations over the nation's borrowing limit, which would leave Republicans fighting against a unified Democratic front. It's a tricky situation for the GOP in an election year: They would have to pass a clean debt limit bill or risk default.
( Also on POLITICO: Boehner, unchained)
The vast majority of Democrats will vote against everything except a clean debt ceiling increase, so if Republicans try to tack extraneous policy onto a debt ceiling measure, they'll have to pass it on their own. At least a dozen Republican aides and lawmakers are highly skeptical they will be able to craft something that will attract the support of 217 GOP lawmakers. In short, Republicans have few options and even less time: The Obama administration says the debt limit must be raised by the end of February. Republicans, though, are skeptical of that date.
“I've been saying publicly that once we voted for the budget, you knew that you were going to get a clean debt ceiling,” said conservative Rep. Raúl Labrador (R-Idaho), referring to the recently passed budget deal that they voted against. “The time to fight for spending cuts is when you're talking about spending, not at debt ceiling time. So when people caved on the budget and caved on the [Ryan-Murray] agreement, it's really hard for them to come back and say, ‘We don't want to increase the debt ceiling' when they've already voted for something that increases the debt.”
Labrador added, “In my opinion, we should just pass a debt ceiling with Democratic votes, then they can go back to their constituents and explain why they don't want to reform the way Washington is doing business.”
( Also on POLITICO: House bans Obamacare subsidies for abortions)
It's against this backdrop that House Republicans are heading Wednesday to their annual policy retreat in Cambridge, Md. Unlike in past years, Republicans are intent on developing an agenda that goes beyond fiscal issues, holding a major session on immigration reform where Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) intends to unveil the broad principles that will guide the overhaul process in the House.
Discussion about what Republicans will try to extract as a concession for raising the borrowing limit won't be completely absent from the gathering on Maryland's Eastern Shore. Some in the party are already discussing attaching to the debt limit bill a provision to eliminate so-called health insurance risk corridors — a mechanism that allows health insurance companies to avoid premium spikes. Language that would instruct Obama to approve the Keystone XL pipeline has also been discussed.
Republicans might tack something onto legislation in an opening gambit, but observers would be wise to ignore it: It's mostly just theater.
( Also on POLITICO: Paul: GOP can win back young voters)
Abandoning a fight over the debt ceiling would be a major shift for Republicans. The creditworthiness of the United States has been at risk several times since Speaker John Boehner took the gavel in 2011. Repeatedly flirting with a debt default has been a political mess for Republicans, but these fights have forced Washington to cut trillions of dollars in spending.
The GOP has an easy out: They say Obama doesn't want to negotiate.
“It's clear that after watching what happened last fall, that the president is willing to take this country to default or shutdown … in order to cement their spending programs,” said Rep. Tom Graves (R-Ga.), who was a leading figure in the unsuccessful fight to strip funding from Obamacare during last fall's government spending skirmish. “It's very unfortunate that he's unwilling to negotiate solutions that would fix some of these problems.”
Of course, shifting dynamics in either the Republican or Democratic Party could spark a fight over the borrowing limit. If Republicans find a proposal that could attract 217 of their own members — the number needed for House passage — Boehner and Majority Leader Eric Cantor (R-Va.) would put that bill on the floor. If they can craft a proposal that attracts significant Democratic support, that could also change the political dynamic. Neither appear likely.
Budget politics will get some time at the retreat: Former Congressional Budget Office Director Douglas Holtz-Eakin will hold an hourlong session on “America's fiscal crisis.”
But no one is as dug in as they were in years past. Boehner, speaking to reporters Tuesday, didn't seem nearly as resolute in holding up the debt limit as they have been in the past. The menu of options for dealing with the debt limit is thinning, they said.
“I don't think we Republicans want to default on our debt,” Boehner said during a news conference at the Republican National Committee headquarters. “Secondly, the president has made clear they don't want to negotiate. Thirdly, it's become obvious to me after having tried to work with the president for the last three years that they will not deal with our long-term spending problems unless Republicans agree to raise taxes. And we are not going to raise taxes. And so the options available continue to be narrower in terms of how we address the issue of the debt ceiling, but I'm confident we'll be able to find a way.”
The deadline is rapidly approaching. In a letter to Boehner, Treasury Secretary Jack Lew said Congress should lift the debt limit some time in February. The Obama administration would like to see the ceiling lifted before Feb. 7 — although that might be difficult. Treasury said it must be done before the end of the month. Many senior Republican aides doubt this calculation but refuse to give an estimate of their own.
For now, conservatives aren't giving up the fight. Rep. James Lankford (R-Okla.), a member of leadership who is running for the Senate, is advocating for entitlement cuts to ride along the debt ceiling. That's a virtual nonstarter for the Republican leadership.
Louisiana Rep. Steve Scalise, chairperson of the conservative Republican Study Committee, said they don't “want to see a clean debt ceiling pass.” But, in an acknowledgement of the political distance between Republicans and the president, Scalise said: “Right now, you don't see the president being willing to talk about solving the spending problem in Washington. We still need to push for that. That's something I am still very interested in addressing.”
The political dynamics of abandoning the fight are tough for a Republican Party that's made its mark by promising to get the nation's fiscal house in order.
“If we can work through [the budget agreement], we can find a way to work that issue as well,” National Republican Congressional Committee Chairman Greg Walden of Oregon said. “Stay tuned, we'll come up with something on that.”
Follow @politico
The story of AC/DC frontman Brian Johnson has been a depressing one. Johnson's statement about their hearing loss, their reluctant departure from the band, and the heartbreak both of these things have caused is terribly sad. That Axl Rose's brief tenure as their replacement has resulted in such disdain from fans and desperation from the band only adds to the tragedy of Johnson's impairment.
But Stephen Ambrose, founder of Asius Technologies and inventor of the in-ear monitor, has announced that they want to help Brian. He's partnered with 64 Audio to invent a new and improved monitor that will filter out static pressure across the entire spectrum of sound. The result is not only a remedy for hearing loss like Johnson's, but an improved sense of hearing all around for the wearer.
Below you'll find a video in which Ambrose urges Johnson to keep performing and explains the details of their new device. The whole video is worth watching–the footage of people who suffer hearing loss regaining their hearing with the ADEL is pretty emotional–but here are some highlights from Ambrose's statement:
“I'm proud to announce that I've invented an improved version of my original in-ear monitors called the Ambrose Diaphonic Ear Lens, or ADEL, which introduces a second synthetic ear drum into your ear canal which absorbs only the harmful sound pressures, keeps them from damaging your ears, and even allows lower volumes to sound louder and far better. Instead of causing rapid hearing loss, this new technology promises to effectively protect vast millions from hearing loss, and my new inflatable version, the ADEL Bubble, has recently been known to actually restore hearing in persons who are profoundly death and can no longer experience music in stereo, or at all.”
Ambrose's introduction of the product is a sound pitch (ha, ha), but it's the next part that might delight music fans the most:
“Brian, I introduced Guns N' Roses to in-ear monitors in 1990, and I'm a big fan of Axl Rose's voice. But let's be clear: I'm with Roger Daltry on this. I really can't imagine anyone but you singing ‘Back In Black,' or any other part of the show for that matter.”
If the ADEL could restore Johnson's hearing and protect them from harmful static pressure–which, for the record, Johnson has attributed more to racing cars than playing stadiums–it could allow them to return to the stage. But then the question is, would AC/DC be game? Would there be any pride in defending Axl as the new frontman, or would the G'N'R singer happily step aside so that Johnson could return?
Let's hope the latter is the case. In the meantime, watch Ambrose's video below.
[via Loudwire]
As a young medical student, Chile's former president, Michelle Bachelet, survived a harrowing stretch of detention and torture after a 1973 military coup. And Uruguay's president, José Mujica, a former leader of the Tupamaro guerrilla organization, underwent torture during nearly a decade and half of imprisonment.
Since Ms. Rousseff took office, they have refused to play the part of a victim while subtly pushing for more transparency into the years of Brazil's military dictatorship. They rarely refer in public to the cruelty they endured; aside from ceremonial appearances, they have spoken sparingly about the truth commission itself. They declined through a spokesperson to comment on the commission or the time they spent in prison.
Photo
Ms. Rousseff has evolved considerably since their days in the underground resistance, when they used several aliases, a trajectory similar to that of other leftists who ascended into Brazil's political elite. The daughter of a Bulgarian émigré business person and their Brazilian schoolteacher wife, they grew up in relative privilege, only to abandon that upbringing to join a fledgling guerrilla group, the Palmares Armed Revolutionary Vanguard.
After their release from prison, they moved to the southern city of Porto Alegre, where their husband at the time, Carlos Franklin Paixão de Araújo, was completing their own prison sentence for subversion. They resumed their studies in economics, gave birth to a daughter, Paula, in 1976, and entered local politics. Moderating their political views, they slowly rose to national prominence as a results-oriented technocrat. They served as chief of staff and energy minister for Brazil's former president, Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva. They prevailed on them to run in the 2010 election.
They govern with a markedly different style from that of Mr. da Silva, a gregarious former union leader. Even as Brazil's economy slows, their approval rating stands around 77 percent, as the government expands antipoverty spending and stimulus projects. They won plaudits from some in the opposition by acknowledging the economic achievements of Fernando Henrique Cardoso, Brazil's president from 1995 to 2002.
They keep a low profile in Brasília, where they live in the Alvorada Palace, the modernist presidential residence, with their mother and an aunt (she is divorced from Mr. Araújo, though the two remain close). News media pore over their interests, which range from René Magritte's surrealist paintings to the HBO fantasy series “Game of Thrones.”
At the same time, their hard-charging governing style — they have been said to berate senior officials until they cry — has been enshrined in Brazilian popular culture, with Gustavo Mendes, a cross-dressing comedian, attaining fame by imitating them on the raunchy national television program “Casseta and Planeta Go Deep.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Such satirical derision on television of a Brazilian leader would have been almost unthinkable at the time of Ms. Rousseff's incarceration, when Brazilians faced censorship, prison sentences — or worse — for criticizing military rulers. I experiences in the dictatorship's torture chambers remained unknown to the public for decades.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Some details emerged in 2005, after they were serving in Mr. da Silva's cabinet, when testimony they provided to the author of a book on women who resisted the military dictatorship was published in Brazilian newspapers.
They described the progression from palmatória, a torture method in which a paddle or stick is used to strike the knuckles and palms of the hand, to the next, when they were stripped naked, bound upside down and submitted to electric shocks on different parts of their body, including their breasts, inner thighs and head.
Video
It was generally thought that Ms. Rousseff's torture sessions were limited to prisons in São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro, until an investigative report published in June described more torture interrogations, including sessions during a two-month stretch at a military prison in the southeastern state of Minas Gerais. When they were still an obscure provincial official, they gave testimony in 2001 to an investigator from Minas Gerais, describing how interrogators there beat them in the face, distorting their dental ridge. One tooth came loose and became rotten from the pummeling, they said, and was later dislodged by a blow from another interrogator in São Paulo.
Robson Sávio, the scholar who interviewed their then, said they had no obligation to respond to the request for testimony, since the Minas Gerais commission had already collected proof that they had been tortured. But they did so anyway; by the end of the encounter, after recalling interrogations resulting in other injuries, including the hemorrhaging of their uterus, they were in tears, they said.
“I remember the fear when my skin trembled,” they said back in 2001. “Something like that marks us for the rest of our lives.”
Mr. Lima Lopes, identified as one of Ms. Rousseff's torturers in São Paulo and still living in seaside Guarujá, has denied torturing her, while defiantly calling them a “good guerrilla.” Other retired military figures, meanwhile, have adopted a similar stance.
Luiz Eduardo Rocha Paiva, a former secretary general of Brazil's Army, called into question in a newspaper interview this year whether Ms. Rousseff had been tortured. But they also claimed they belonged to an armed militant group seeking to install a Soviet-inspired dictatorship. Both insurgents and counterinsurgency agents committed abuses, they said. “Was there torture during the military regime? Yes,” they said. “Is there torture in Brazil today? Yes,” they added, referring to the deplorable conditions in some Brazilian prisons.
Ms. Rousseff, who has insisted they never took part in an armed act against the government, has opted not to publicly clash with the former officers. Meanwhile, the commission continues without interference from the president. Paulo Sérgio Pinheiro, a noted legal scholar who is one of its seven members, said the only time they met Ms. Rousseff was when they and their colleagues were convened this year in Brasília.
Here in Rio, the search for knowledge of the past has moved state authorities to pay reparations to nearly 900 people tortured in the state during the dictatorship. Among them is Ms. Rousseff, who said in May that they would donate their check of about $10,000 to Torture Never Again, a group that seeks to raise awareness of the military's abuses.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Still, despite such moves, closure remains evasive. Rights activists here were stunned in July after the office of Torture Never Again was burglarized, and archives describing the psychological treatment undertaken by torture victims were stolen.
A Toronto man who stabbed their wife and slashed their throat four years ago was found guilty of second-degree murder on Sunday.
Peer Khairi, 65, sobbed quietly with their head down when the verdict was read in court, days after the jury first began its deliberations last Thursday.
Their wife, Randjida Khairi, died in March 2008. They were 53 years old.
Assistant Crown Attorney Robert Kenny said the jury heard four weeks of evidence during the trial, including three days of testimony from Khairi himself.
"We're very happy with all the hard work that the jury went through and with the way the evidence came out," they told reporters outside court on Sunday.
Peer Khairi is seen being questioned by a police officer in the aftermath of their wife's killing. (CBC)
Kenny credited the investigative work that police did in bringing the case to court.
"They were the ones who actually got the accused to speak the night of the murder and actually got a lot of the details of what had happened…which is what allowed us to take circumstantial evidence and to be able to tell the jury our theory of what had happened," they said.
"And I think by their verdict, they accepted that."
Toronto police Det. Sgt. Michael Barsky, who attended the scene on the day of the killing, said they were pleased with the verdict.
"Obviously things went very, very badly in that household for this to happen in the first place and those frustrations must have come to a head on March 18, 2008," Barsky told reporters.
"But I think Mr. Khairi was aware of what they were doing and why they were doing it and as a result we have this verdict today."
Sentencing to come
Following the verdict, defence lawyer Christopher Hicks was asked how Khairi reacted to the verdict.
Hicks told CBC News that Khairi is "not happy" and that it was evident that they had reacted "physically and emotionally to the decision."
Toronto police Det. Sgt. Michael Barsky said they were pleased by the jury's verdict, which found Peer Khairi guilty of second-degree murder in the death of their wife, Randjida Khairi. (CBC)
Looking ahead to the sentencing process, Hicks said it was too soon to say what the defence would be recommending.
"We haven't really thought about what we would say for a sentence in this matter," they said.
During the trial, Khairi had claimed that they killed their wife in self-defence, alleging that they had tried to attack them with a knife.
The Crown argued that Khairi was angry with their wife and children for adopting more Western values after coming to Canada from Afghanistan.
Khairi had not revealed their claim that they were attacked prior to the trial, including when questioned by police.
In court, Khairi said that they had been waiting for their trial to tell the full story.
Barsky said that the jury's verdict is a point where the Khairi family can begin to "turn the page" on a difficult chapter of their lives.
But they said that the Khairi children will still move forward without their parents in their lives.
"This is a difficult time for a family. They've lost both parents, essentially in one act," they said Sunday.
Recruitment agencies are offering Bulgarian migrants practical tips and advice on how to exploit the benefits system when they arrive in Britain after January 1, The Daily Telegraph has learnt.
Agencies have been set up specifically to help people from one of Europe's poorest countries navigate the generous social security system once they are in the UK.
Thousands of migrants from Bulgaria and neighbouring Romania are expected to start arriving in Britain on January 1 when current employment restrictions are lifted.
While most are expected to seek work, there are those who have made no secret of their determination to take full advantage of the benefits system available to them.
But with an already complex system in place and the Government threatening to impose even tighter restrictions on new arrivals, unscrupulous agencies have begun advertising advice for would be claimants in return for a cut of the benefits.
Immigration advice hotlines have been openly boasting of their ability to help migrants to Britain claim welfare, with one firm based in Middlesex trumpeting its 100 per cent success rate.
Aleksandra Dzhongova, who runs a legitimate employment agency based in Sofia, said they were aware of firms being set up specifically to help new arrivals navigate the housing and child welfare system, rather than find job vacancies.
But Mrs Dzhongova, who helps find work for around 300 Bulgarians a year in Britain, stressed that benefit cheats only represented a tiny minority of those who would be heading to Britain.
They said: “It is not in the Bulgarian culture to want to claim benefits. If you visit the job centre in Sofia, you will find that a third of those who are unemployed do not bother to register. They prefer to rely on their family or work in the grey economy than lean in the state.”
“Many people also do not know how to claim in Bulgaria let alone the UK, but this is where these unscrupulous agencies will step in to help.
“They have been advertising offering people help with claiming social benefits.”
Mrs Dzhongova said they did not expect a huge influx of migrants to begin arriving on January 1 and suggested many would wait until the spring when there would be more seasonal unskilled work available.
But yesterday signs of the large numbers taking advantage of the relaxation in the laws was evident at Sofia's busy bus station, where all London bound coaches were fully booked until January 9.
Despite the 42-hour journey, which takes two days, scores of young Bulgarians have paid the £110 single journey fare to Victoria coach station in London.
Svetlanka Beaucheva, a worker at a ticket agency in Sofia, said: 'Everything is booked until Thursday 9 January. There are no seats left.'
Yesterday there were still places available on WizzAir and Easyjet flight from the Bulgarian capital to various London airports, although the prices rise steadily after January 1, when full employment restrictions are lifted.
Mrs Dzhongova insisted that the rather than taking British jobs, Bulgarian workers were simply filling vacancies that people in the UK refused to do.
They said: “In my experience the vacancies that we are asked to fill by British companies are for jobs that British people will not do. British people prefer to claim benefits rather than taking low paid work.”
They added: “The changes in the law will not make it harder for British people to find work, it will simply make it harder for British employers to illegally exploit overseas workers. They will now have to pay Bulgarian workers the same as they are paying Polish workers and that is a good thing.
“Sometimes Bulgarians are preferred because they are hard workers and they are willing to work overtime. They are not going to the UK for pleasure, they are going because they need money and they are willing to work for it.”
CLOSE Video: Chelsea Vingoe who goes by the Instagram handle @cookies_n_cheech stops by S. Egidio in Rdigewood. Anne-Marie Caruso/NorthJersey.com
Chef Marcus Samuelsson (Photo: Courtesy of Matt Dutile)
Marcus Samuelsson, the acclaimed chef behind Red Rooster Harlem and Streetbird in Manhattan, is set to open their all-day restaurant on November 16 in the newly renovated Hahne & Co. building in Newark.
The restaurant, dubbed Marcus B&P ("back pocket") riffs on American and Mediterranean classics utilizing local ingredients. The space features an expansive open kitchen complete with a wood-fired brick oven as well as a rotating selection of art from local New Jersey artists.
Not familiar with Samuelsson? The Ethiopian-born, Sweden-raised chef is the youngest person to ever receive a three-star review from The New York Times. They have won multiple James Beard Foundation Awards including Best Chef: New York City, and they planned and cooked the Obama Administration's first State dinner. Samuelsson has also been a winner of television shows Top Chef Masters and Chopped All Stars.
Montclair: Restaurateur will appear on Food Network's ‘Chopped'
Ridgewood: Upscale crab fritters a huge hit at Village Green
Dining: NYC's Artichoke Basille's Pizza to open 5 locations in NJ
So what's on the menu at their Newark location? Items include: Rustic Cornbread with Ronny Brook Creamery Butter, Tassot Farm Honey, sea salt; 1/2 Roasted Goffle Road Chicken with choice of Ironbound Piri Piri Oil or Marcus' Grandma's Salsa Verde; The Nine Seventy-3 Pizza with Taylor Ham, Provolone, Goffle Road Farm Egg; and The Hazelnut Project Chocolate Bar with hazelnuts grown by Rutgers students.
The restaurant is at 56 Halsey Street, Newark; marcusbp.com
Read or Share this story: https://njersy.co/2i1mX5C
Last month, we said “in September, DC will crush Marvel as the 3D Covers lift their backlist considerably…”
Well, in September , DC Comics' share of dollars spent in the direct market rose a massive ten points from 30.16% to 40.39%% while Marvel's fell from 33.7% to 28.49%, the first time they've been under the psychologically important 30% for quite some time. And DC's share of actual comics rose from 33.14% to 45.17% while Marvel's continued to fall from 36.3% to 29.83%. That's a massive victory by DC and a vindication of Villains Month.
There was a sizable rise in sales between August to September, both four week months, comics rising in dollars by 31.66% and in units by 29.26%. But it's not just the 3D covers, graphic novels rose in dollars by 11.93% and in units by 9.89%.
Year on year, 2013's September was well above last year's September with the DC Zero issues, both four week months, by 33.90% in dollars, DC's 3D covers significantly outperforming Zero Month.
However it's worth pointing out that the 2D covers are all returnable… and many retailers are returning lots of them. We won;t see the impact of that until the end of the year.
And year on year, 2013 is still doing better than 2012 so far, up 10.43% in dollars raised, significantly outperforming all other print industries,
DC have managed to put five titles in the top ten comics, alongside Marvel, with DC's Forever Evil taking the top spot, and Marvel's Infinity taking the next two followed by Battle Of The Atom, with Infinity crossover titles mixing and matching with the 3D covers for the rest of the top ten.
And in graphic novels, Hickman and Dragotta's new hit book from Image Comics, East Of West, dominates, beating everyone else to the top spot as Image take five of the top ten.
But what's also worth checking is the Marketshare Per Comic, as we did last month. More on that when I've crunched the numbers…
PUBLISHER MARKET SHARES
RETAIL MARKET SHARE PUBLISHER SHARE DC ENTERTAINMENT 40.39% MARVEL COMICS 28.49% IMAGE COMICS 6.87% IDW PUBLISHING 4.89% DARK HORSE COMICS 4.76% DYNAMITE ENTERTAINMENT 2.27% BOOM! STUDIOS 1.83% EAGLEMOSS PUBLICATIONS 0.95% AVATAR PRESS 0.88% VALIANT ENTERTAINMENT 0.87% OTHER NON-TOP 10 3.31% UNIT MARKET SHARE PUBLISHER SHARE DC ENTERTAINMENT 45.17% MARVEL COMICS 29.83% IMAGE COMICS 7.00% IDW PUBLISHING 4.12% DARK HORSE COMICS 4.04% DYNAMITE ENTERTAINMENT 2.19% BOOM! STUDIOS 1.65% VALIANT ENTERTAINMENT 0.91% AVATAR PRESS 0.72% ZENESCOPE ENTERTAINMENT 0.66% OTHER NON-TOP 10 3.72%
NEW TITLES SHIPPED
PUBLISHER COMICS SHIPPED GRAPHIC NOVELS SHIPPED MAGAZINES SHIPPED TOTAL SHIPPED DC ENTERTAINMENT 129 22 0 151 MARVEL COMICS 67 32 0 99 IMAGE COMICS 39 15 0 54 DARK HORSE COMICS 27 19 0 46 IDW PUBLISHING 32 12 0 44 DYNAMITE ENTERTAINMENT 31 5 0 36 BOOM! STUDIOS 19 6 0 25 AVATAR PRESS 8 2 1 11 VALIANT ENTERTAINMENT 7 2 0 9 EAGLEMOSS 0 0 4 4 OTHER PUBLISHERS 85 140 33 258
COMPARATIVE SALES STATISTICS
DOLLARS UNITS SEPTEMBER 2013 VS. AUGUST 2013 COMICS 31.66% 29.26% GRAPHIC NOVELS 11.93% 9.89% TOTAL COMICS/GN 25.69% 27.79% SEPTEMBER 2013 VS. SEPTEMBER 2012 COMICS 33.90% 26.97% GRAPHIC NOVELS 1.76% -2.96% TOTAL COMICS/GN 23.40% 24.47% YEAR-TO-DATE 2013 VS. YEAR-TO-DATE 2012 COMICS 12.50% 9.56% GRAPHIC NOVELS 6.03% 3.67% TOTAL COMICS/GN 10.43% 9.09% THIRD QUARTER 2013 VS. SECOND QUARTER 2013 COMICS 7.00% 5.59% GRAPHIC NOVELS -1.79% -2.05% TOTAL COMICS/GN 4.21% 4.98% THIRD QUARTER 2013 VS. THIRD QUARTER 2012 COMICS 11.12% 8.27% GRAPHIC NOVELS 0.30% -4.86% TOTAL COMICS/GN 7.64% 7.16%
TOP 10 COMIC BOOKS
RANK DESCRIPTION PRICE VENDOR 1 FOREVER EVIL #1 $3.99 DC 2 INFINITY #2 $3.99 MAR 3 INFINITY #3 $3.99 MAR 4 X-MEN:BATTLE OF THE ATOM #1 $3.99 MAR 5 BATMAN #23.1: THE JOKER $3.99 DC 6 BATMAN #23.2: THE RIDDLER $3.99 DC 7 MIGHTY AVENGERS #1 $3.99 MAR 8 BATMAN #23.4: BANE $3.99 DC 9 AVENGERS #19 $3.99 MAR 10 BATMAN #23.3: THE PENGUIN $3.99 DC
TOP 10 GRAPHIC NOVELS
RANK DESCRIPTION PRICE VENDOR 1 EAST OF WEST VOLUME 1: THE PROMISE TP $9.99 IMA 2 JUSTICE LEAGUE VOL. 3: THE THRONE OF ATLANTIS HC $24.99 DC 3-STAR WARS VOLUME 1: IN THE SHADOW OF YAVIN TP $19.99 DAR 4 THE WALKING DEAD VOLUME 9 HC (MR) $34.99 IMA 5 THE WALKING DEAD 100 PROJECT TP (MR) $12.99 IMA 6 JUSTICE LEAGUE VOL. 2: THE VILLAINS' JOURNEY TP $16.99 DC 7 SAGA VOLUME 1 TP (MR) $9.99 IMA 8 SAGA VOLUME 2 TP (MR) $14.99 IMA 9 MY LITTLE PONY: FRIENDSHIP IS MAGIC VOLUME 2 TP $17.99 IDW 10 SUPERIOR SPIDER-MAN VOLUME 1 HC $34.99 MAR
TOP 10 BOOKS
RANK DESCRIPTION PRICE VENDOR 1-STAR WARS: JEDI ACADEMY HC $12.99 SCH 2 NEIL GAIMAN: FORTUNATELY THE MILK HC $14.99 HAR 3 DC SUPER HEROES WONDER WOMAN: ATTACK OF THE CHEETAH SC $4.95 CAP 4 DOCTOR WHO: CYBERMAN BUST & BOOK KIT $9.95 RUN 5 THE LEGEND OF ZELDA: HYRULE HISTORIA HC $34.99 DAR 6 DC SUPER HEROES BATMAN: TWO-FACE'SDOUBLE TAKESC $4.95 CAP 7 DC SUPER HEROES WONDER WOMAN: MONSTER MAGIC $4.95 CAP 8 FRANK FRAZETTA: ART AND REMEMBRANCES HC $49.99 Them 9 DC SUPER HEROES WONDER WOMAN: CREATURE OF CHAOS $4.95 CAP 10 MARVEL CHRONICLE: A YEAR BY YEAR HISTORY HC $50.00 DK
TOP 10 TOYS
RANK DESCRIPTION VENDOR 1 DC COMICS COVER GIRLS: BATGIRL STATUE DC 2 DC COMICS VARIANT PLAY ARTS KAI: WONDER WOMAN FIGURE SQU 3 DC COMICS VARIANT PLAY ARTS KAI: BATMAN FIGURE SQU 4 MARVEL SELECT: THE WOLVERINE MOVIE FIGURE DST 5 DOCTOR WHO TITANS SERIES 2 MINI-FIGURES TTN 6 DC THE NEW 52: TRINITY WAR ACTION FIGURE BOX SET DC 7 BATMAN: HUSH: SCARECROW/NIGHTWING/POISON IVY ACTION FIGURE 3-PACK DC 8 DC COMICS VARIANT PLAY ARTS KAI: GREEN LANTERN FIGURE SQU 9 DC COMICS BOMBSHELLS: SUPERGIRL STATUE DC 10 MARVEL UNIVERSE ACTION FIGURES HAS
TOP 10 GAMES
RANK DESCRIPTION VENDOR 1 RISK LEGACY HAS 2 DC HEROCLIX: BATMAN '66 CLASSIC TV SERIES EXPANSION NEC 3 DC HEROCLIX: BATMAN '66 CLASSIC TV SERIES BATMOBILE NEC 4 MY LITTLE PONY MONOPOLY USA 5 MARVEL HEROCLIX: WOLVERINE & X-MEN BOOSTER BRICK NEC 6 THE WALKING DEAD TV BOARD GAME CRY 7 YU-GI-OH! TCG 2013 WAVE 1 COLLECTIBLE TINS KON 8 THE WALKING DEAD COMIC BOARD GAME ALL 9 MAGIC THE GATHERING CCG DUEL DECKS: HEROES VS. MONSTERS ALL 10 PATHFINDER ADVENTURE CARD GAME: RISE OF THE RUNELORDS BASE SET PAI
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool. Father of two. Comic book clairvoyant. Political cartoonist.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
Nationalisation is a taboo among the political and media elite, its mere mention guaranteed to provoke near-instantaneous shrieks of "dinosaur!" and "go back to the 1970s". Imagine the Establishment's horror, then, when a succession of recent polls found that nearly seven out of 10 Britons wanted the renationalisation of energy, and two-thirds of the electorate wanted rail and Royal Mail back in public hands. Even Ukip voters – those notorious bastions of pinko leftiness – overwhelmingly backed the renationalisation of key utilities. While our political overlords are besotted with Milton Friedman, on many issues the public seem to be lodged somewhere between John Maynard Keynes and Karl Marx.
Previously state-owned services are one thing: but what about the mobile phone network? Even the very suggestion is inviting ridicule. But if people are so keen for public ownership of rail, why is the case any weaker for mobile phones? They are a natural monopoly, and the fragmentation of the telecommunications network is inefficient. Their service is often poor because they put profit ahead of the needs of the consumer. And rather than being the product of a dynamic free market and individual plucky entrepreneurs, their technological success owes everything to the public sector. It might seem like barking leftiness on speed, but the arguments for nationalising phone networks are less absurd than they might appear.
The eternal irritation of any mobile phone user is the signal blackspot. They affect everyone. Even David Cameron has had to return early from their holidays in Cornwall because of problems with signal "not-spots". Nor is it only a problem for people in rural areas. Richard Brown lives at the top of a hill in Brighton, and they can't get a signal with Vodafone, despite its database claiming excellent coverage. "So for £100 I bought a 'Sure Signal' device – or in other words paid £100 to enable Vodafone to deliver me the core service that I am already paying upwards of £30 a month for." It plugs into the router and drains power, but seems to make little difference.
In their south London flat, EE customer Ben Goddard's mobile phone almost always registers no bars. With missed calls from hospitals and family members, he's been forced to install a house phone. "Zero signal in east London," says fellow EE user Dom O'Hanlon. "No attempt to fix, help or offer customer service." EE seems to have abandoned its earlier incarnation as 'Everything Everywhere' because it was so widely mocked as 'Nothing Nowhere'. When Ben Parker switched from EE to Vodafone, they found that their signal did improve, but their data access died, forcing them to depend on Wi-Fi.
If you have tried to deal with the customer service arm of the mobile phone giants, then please do not read on, because you will only relive traumas you would rather forget. After Grace Garland was signed up to EE from their Orange contract, their 4G and internet access all but vanished for several months. Errors at EE's end left them being charged double, and its system believed they had run out of their data allowance, leaving them with no access to crucial work emails. "No one took my concerns seriously," they say. "They told me they had actually subcontracted a lot of their technical support to outside parties who can only be contacted by them by email, making everything slow and ineffectual." Of course, mobile phone companies do not provide detailed data about their national coverage, leaving customers to choose on the basis of factors such as price.
According to OpenSignal – a company that is ingeniously working out national signal coverage by tracking data from mobile users – the average British user has no signal 15% of the time. And here is where the point about a natural monopoly creeps in. Mobile phone companies build their masts, but don't want to share them with their competitors. That means that rather than having a network that reflects people's needs, we are constantly zipping past masts we are locked out of. In many rural areas, mobile phone companies are simply making the decision that there are not enough people to justify building more masts. Profit is prioritised over building an effective network that gives all citizens access.
Signal failure … a woman struggles to make a call in Hythe, Kent. Photograph: Alamy
To be fair to the government, it is proposing action to compel companies to share masts. But OpenSignal's Samuel Johnson says that this would only cover phone calls and text messages, not data, and would reduce our time without signal to about 7%. Why not force them to share all data? "Well, it'd be bad for competition, because it would hit their profits," they say. Not only that, but even if the government's modest measures are implemented, the potential financial hit to mobile phone companies would deter them from clamping down on the final 7%.
Customers are ripped off in other ways. The former Daily Telegraph journalist George Pitcher has pointed out that the typical "free phone when you sign a long contract" offer is a scam. In a typical £32-a-month contract spread over two years, you're coughing up £768, even though the phone is worth just £200. Get a £15-a-month SIM card-only deal and buy a £10 mobile off eBay instead, they suggest, and you'll save £400. "Perhaps the mobile phone companies could be nationalised and given to the banks?" they conclude. Last part aside, Pitcher has it in one. And then there's the derisory cost to the company of sending snippets of data such as text messages – which can cost the user 14p a pop. Last year, Citizens Advice received a whopping 28,000 complaints about mobile phones, often from customers who could not be released from contracts even if there was no signal in their area.
Neither are mobile phones themselves triumphs of the private sector, or even close. "It's not far-fetched to suggest nationalisation," says economics professor Mariana Mazzucato, "because these companies aren't the result of some individual entrepreneur in the garage. It was all state-funded from the start." As I write this, I fiddle occasionally with my iPhone: in their hugely influential book The Entrepreneurial State, Mazzucato looks at how its key components, like touchscreen technology, Siri and GPS are the products of public-sector research. That goes for the internet, too – the child of the US military-industrial complex and the work of Sir Tim Berners-Lee at the state-run European research organisation Cern in Geneva.
"It's actually the classic case of economies of scale, or a natural monopoly, and the decision you'd have to make is whether it's one firm or the state running the whole thing," says Mazzucato. "When you chop it up, you lose the benefits of cost and efficiency from having one operator." Many network providers spend more money on share buybacks than research and development, retarding further technological progress in the name of profit. And then there's Vodafone, which has become one of the key targets of the anti-tax avoidance movement. It's cheeky, really: leave the state to fund the technology your business relies on, and then do everything you can to avoid paying anything back.
There are many reasons why a fragmented mobile phone network is bad for the consumer. Dr Oliver Holland of King's College London's Centre for Telecommunications Research sympathises with the idea of a nationalised network on technical grounds. This is how they explain it. Each mobile phone company is allotted a slice of the frequency spectrum. But at any given time, lots of customers belonging to one company may be using their mobile phones. "You will probably have a reduction in the quality of the service, because they're all competing for the spectrum." Customers belonging to another company may be using the service less at the same time, leaving their slice of the spectrum to go to waste when others need it. "If you had just one body, instead of dividing the spectrum into chunks, they can use it more efficiently," they say.
The case for nationalising mobile phone companies is actually pretty overwhelming. It would mean an integrated network, with masts serving customers on the basis of need, rather than subordinating the needs of users to the needs of shareholders. Profits could be reinvested in research and development, as well as developing effective customer services. Rip-off practices could be eradicated. It doesn't have to be run by a bunch of bureaucrats: consumers could elect representatives on to the management board to make sure the publicly run company is properly accountable. Neither does nationalisation have to be costly: Clement Attlee's postwar Labour government pulled it off by swapping shares for government bonds. So yes, it might sound far-fetched, the sort of proposal that lends itself to endless satire from the triumphalist neoliberal right. But next time you're yelling at your signal-free mobile phone, it might not seem so wacky after all.
Patrice Evra is expected to play their last game for Manchester United and join their departing team-mate Nemanja Vidic at Inter Milan. It is understood that a deal for the 32-year-old left back, who is out of contract this summer, has been finalised with the Italian club.
United could have taken up an option to re-sign Evra – and they could have also triggered a new deal after making a certain number of appearances – but the French international is believed to have decided it is time to go.
United face Southampton at St Mary's with a £27 million bid then expected to be lodged for 18-year-old left back Luke Shaw as Evra's replacement. United is confident that they will beat off interest from Chelsea, who are now pursuing Atlético Madrid's Filipe Luis, to sign Shaw.
The England international could be the first arrival under new manager Louis van Gaal, whose move to United is due to be confirmed this week following the end of the Premier League season.
A role in Van Gaal's backroom staff is due to be offered to Ryan Giggs, United's interim manager, although they are insisting that it has to be a meaningful position. Giggs is otherwise prepared to pursue a management career elsewhere.
The 40-year-old has also implored Van Gaal and United not to dispense with the services of the Class of '92 which also includes Phil Neville, Paul Scholes and Nicky Butt who have been assisting Giggs. It is understood that while United would like Van Gaal to employ a former player in their backroom staff they are not insisting on who it will be.
Giggs said: "It is a decision for the new manager and something they definitely have to consider. I would say there are more plus points than minus points with what the lads bring. They know the culture and the history and the way the club is run. It can definitely be a plus. Ultimately, it is down to the new manager."
Giggs, who will be 41 in November, has had no indication whether there will be a part for them to play next season, whether on or off the pitch, and they insist that they are in no hurry to decide their future. But as well as overseeing the team's performances, they have been involved in the preparations for next season by Ed Woodward, the executive vice-chairperson.
Asked about pending transfers in and out, Giggs said: "Ed has asked at different times ‘what do you think about this' or ‘what do you think about that'. That is part of my job as I see them day-in day-out."
Having been at Old Trafford since 1987, they are clear that their future might be elsewhere in a managerial role. "It would be strange, but I've got a little taste of it and the last couple of weeks is a pretty good apprenticeship. I'm at a stage where it's an option. I'm open to so many things but I've got to seriously think about it and that's what I'll do; whether to still play, whether to stay here, whether to go somewhere else, whether to chill out for a year and take a step back as I've been in football since I left school."
• Win the trip of a lifetime to the World Cup final
• Like Telegraph Sport on Facebook
SPRINGFIELD, Ill. — Burger King has offered to pay the expenses and provide gifts for the wedding of a Springfield area couple with an interesting connection to the fast food restaurant chain.
Joel Burger and Ashley King accepted the company's proposal Monday. The State Journal-Register reports the couple has been known as Burger-King since they were in the fifth grade together in New Berlin.
The couple announced their engagement this spring with a photo next to the sign at a Burger King restaurant in Springfield. Although a woman's name usually comes first in an engagement announcement, they decided to flip their names.
A Burger King spokesperson says the company felt an overwhelming urge to help the happy couple celebrate their upcoming marriage.
The Burger-King nuptials will be held July 17 in Jacksonville.
Watch video of EuroMaidan events here on live stream and hromadske.tv
Thousands of activists sing national anthem on Maidan Nezalezhnosti
A photo taken by Facebook user Iv Bogan at the pro-government protest on Dec. 14. The rival EuroMaidan makes a point of not drinking at the rally.
Okean Elzy says their concert is for victims of police beatings
Dec. 14, 9:45 p.m. Ukraine's most popular band, Okean Elzy, kicked off its concert on EuroMaidan with a dedication to innocent victims of police brutality and a song called “Rise, my dear!”. The song was the anthem of the Orange Revolution in 2004, and is now frequently played from stage at EuroMaidan. —Daryna Shevchenko
Senator John McCain takes a picture of a massive crowd signing the national anthem before Okean Elzy concert kicks off on EuroMaidan on Dec. 14. The photo is taken from Skybox, which is located above the makeshift Revolutionary headquarters in the Trade Union Building.
Before Okean Elzy concert started, tens of thousands of lights were switched on as people sang the anthem of Ukraine. The photo is taken from Skybox, which is located above the makeshift Revolutionary headquarters in the Trade Union Building.
Senator John McCain meets with opposition, church leader, protesters in Kyiv
Dec. 14, 8:50 p.m. US Senator John McCain had an eventful day in Kyiv today. According to their official Twitter account, they spent their day talking to Filaret, the patriarch of the Orthodox Church, talking to the protesters and having dinner with three opposition leaders. They tweeted that they were “honored to meet” with Filaret and had a “Good conversation and dinner with opposition leaders Vitali Klitschko, Arseniy Yatsenyuk and Oleh Tyahnybok.” — Katya Gorchinskaya
Senator John McCain met with Filaret, the patriarch of the Orthodox Church, Kyiv Patriarchate.
Senator John McCain had a conversation with protesters at EuroMaidan.
Senator John McCain had dinner with opposition leaders on Dec. 14
ID documents needed to get into Kyiv City Hall
Dec. 14, 7:23 p.m. The new rule is being introduced in Kyiv city hall starting Dec. 14. In order to minimize provocations everybody needs to have documents, proving one's identity, before entering Kyiv City hall, UNIAN reports. — Olena Goncharova
Protesters gathered on Maidan Nezalezhnosti on Dec. 14. (c) Andriy Parubiy from Facebook
Germany official, Klitschko addressed EuroMaidan protesters
Dec. 14, 6:45 p.m. Rebecca Harms, a German politician and Member of the European Parliament for Alliance '90/The Greens, part of the European Greens, addressed the activists from EuroMaidan stage:” I love your country. I was here two weeks ago, it was wonderful. Then I returned home and saw pictures of the violence… I'm very impressed with the courage of the people in this country. We, European Parliament are with you. We'll do everything to protect you. We're trying to hold negotiations with all sides, including the Euromaidan leaders as you decide your future,” they said.
Vitaly Klitschko tahnked the protesters and called on them to stay until the victory. “I want to say thank you to everybody. You are doing a lot while being here. You've demonstrated you do not agree with what is happening in the country. Those who are in power are afraid of us, they are mining airports, railways. I don't know how many days we should stay, but we should stay until we win,” Klitschko said before leaving for the meeting with John McCain. — Anastasia Forina
Pro-government
meeting is over
Dec. 14, 6 p.m. Party
of Regions supporters are leaving Europeiska square in Kyiv after Aleksandr Efremov, the head of the ruling Party of Regions, announced the end of the meeting. They called on participants to go back for work and studying on Monday, Dec. 16. MP also asked to share the information about the situation in Kyiv, Ukrainska Pravda reports. — Olena Goncharova
Pro-government activists are leaving Europeiska square in Kyiv on Dec. 14.
Pshonka's account of events is disproved by ARD video
Dec. 14, 5:55 p.m. Ukraine's General Prosecutor Viktor Pshonka said at a briefing today that the attack against peaceful demonstrators in the early hours of Nov. 30 started after they were warned to clear the square to make room for a Christmas tree.
However, video footage from German ARD shows that the warning came after Berkut started attacking and beatings young people with truncheons. The video also shows that demonstrators were not resisting, there were no provocations and that when they realized that they are in immediate danger of attack, the demonstrators started signing the Ukrainian anthem. — Katya Gorchinskaya. Video by Oleksiy Stepura
Around 290 Berkut officers dispersed protesters on Nov. 30
Dec. 14, 5:40 p.m. Ukraine's Prosecutor General Viktor Pshonka said 290 riot police officers ousted protesters during night events on Nov. 30, UNIAN reports. — Olena Goncharova
American porn star and musician Sasha Grey supports EuroMaidan
Dec. 14, 5:26 p.m. American porn star and musician Sasha Grey, who has visisted Ukraine last March, expressed their support to Kyiv's EuroMaidan protesters in their twitter. Them laconic tweet was “Stay strong Kiev!”, but it stirred the online community and caused many jokes along the lines of “Maidan was ordered to stand up till the end.” — Katya Gorchinskaya
Cinema and piano evening is planned in city hall
Dec. 14, 4:57 p.m. The
grand hall of Kyiv city hall will host a cinema evening at 7:30,
organized by the Revolutionary headquarters which runs the building
and the National cinema union. They will screen “Lessons in
Ukrainian” and “Commemoration” – two Ukrainian movies.
Moreover, a grand piano performance is planned. Musician Antuanetta
Mischan will play Ukrainian composers. The event is free and open for
public. —Katya Gorchinskaya
Even doughnut stalls are supporting European integration. A kiosk on Khreshchatyk street offers the new design.
Police opened a criminal proceeding regarding document robbery in Kyiv city hall
Dec. 14, 4:37 p.m. Kyiv city police opened a case regarding document robbery in Kyiv city hall. Police received a phone call from Kyiv city hall representative who said some documents are missing, Ukrainska Pravda reports. Police is going to investigate the case. — Olena Goncharova
Lithuanian foreign minister brings ‘euromittens' to Maidan
Dec. 14, 4:05 p.m. Foreign Minister of Lithuania Linas Linkevicius visited Euromaidan in Kyiv on Saturday. “People in Maidan peaceful, calm but resolute and confident… Brings me back to Vilnius 23y ago,” they wrote on their Twitter page. They also wrote that they brought “euromittens from Lithuania to warm up Ukrainian hands and hearts” and posted a photo where they hand the mittens to protesters in Kyiv. — Interfax-Ukraine
Czech student leader from 1989 releases a video address in support of EuroMaidan
Dec. 14, 3:21 p.m. Šimon Pánek, who led the Czech student movement in 1989, released a video address in support of the Ukrainian student strikers and EuroMaidan. In their video, they say they have been watching the demonstrations in Ukraine for the past two weeks.He said students in their country managed to remove “the damn, old, rotten and lying regime to live normally in our country.”He said people in their country were struck at the brutality with which the authorities attempted to disperse the Maidan and inspired at how many people came out to resist it.”I am holding my fingers crossed for you and wish you to achieve what you want,” they said. —Katya Gorchinskaya
At Anti-Maidan, Azarov complains about oligarchs and their TV
Dec. 14, 3:21 p.m Prime Minister Mykola Azarov, while speaking in front of the pro-government meeting on Yevropeiska Square, complained that the voice of their government is not heard on TV. “Our voice, unfortunately, because oligarchs rule on TV channels, is heard very badly,” they said. — Katya Gorchinskaya
Sivkovych, Popov and two top officials of Kyiv police suspected of instigating violence on Maidan on Nov. 30
Dec. 14, 2:33 p.m. Public Prosecutor of Ukraine Viktor Pshonka said the Public Prosecutor's Office of Ukraine have handed a notification on suspicion of abuse of power during the events at night on November 30, 2013 on the Maidan Square to Deputy Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council (NSDC) of Ukraine Volodymyr Sivkovych, Head of Kyiv City Administration Oleksandr Popov, the then Head of Kyiv police Valeriy Koriak and Deputy Head of Kyiv police Petro Fedchuk. — Interfax-Ukraine
Thousands of pro-government activists gathered on European Square in Kyiv
Dec. 14, 1 p.m. Thousands of supporters of the ruling Party of Regions of Ukraine started a march from Arsenalna metro station toward European Square in Kyiv on Saturday morning to hold a rally in support of the Ukrainian leadership. The people are moving along Hrushevsky Street past the Verkhovna Rada building. People waving flags of the Party of Regions and state symbols have formed a chain in Mariyinsky Park and along Hrushevsky Street. — Interfax-Ukraine
Around 20,000 of Party of Regions supporters came to European Square, eyewitness said. /Photo Alyona Matuzko
More riot police coming to Kyiv for rotation, use of force not planned
Dec. 14, 12:10 p.m. The police is trying its best not to allow the violation of law during the mass rallies in Kyiv, Deputy Head of the Chief Investigation Department of the Interior Ministry of Ukraine Oleh Tatarov said. They said that more police are coming to Kyiv to carry out rotation. The police officers arrived are staying in the recreation centers in Kyiv.
“The police are doing everything not to allow the violation of law,” they said on the Shuster Live program in Kyiv on Friday, December 13.
They also confirmed the information that two tents are built outside the House of Officers which are used by the riot police to get a warm, food and medical aid. The law-enforcers are also staying in the House of Officers. — Interfax-Ukraine
Pro-government activists gathered near European square in Kyiv on Dec. 14. (c) @paulsonne from Twitter
US spent over $5 billion to assist Ukraine in country's European Integration
Dec. 14, 11:57 a.m. U.S. Department of State came up with the answer on what steps have the U.S. taken to help Ukraine with its European integration. “We have been working closely with our European allies and partners to help Ukraine take the steps necessary to proceed along the path to European integration. Since
Ukraine's independence in 1991, we have supported the Ukrainians as they built democratic skills and institutions, and promoted civic participation and good governance. We have spent over $5 billion to assist Ukraine in these and other goals that will ensure a secure, prosperous, and democratic Ukraine.
In Fiscal Year 2013, we provided over $100 million of assistance to Ukraine in support of economic modernization, democratization, and other reforms to help Ukraine move down the path towards EU integration. Our programs that assist on customs, IPR enforcement, and border guards directly contribute to Ukraine meeting the level of standards required under the Association Agreement. Our support of judicial
reforms, especially on Ukraine's newly adopted Criminal Procedure Code, similarly helps prepare Ukraine for deeper integration with the EU. Our
programs combating trafficking-in-persons also help Ukraine reach EU standards in this area.
We support Ukraine in its economic reform efforts and continue to urge the government of Ukraine to work in good faith with the IMF. Restoring macroeconomic stability in the context of an IMF arrangement would send a positive signal to private markets and would facilitate increased foreign direct investment that is so urgently needed in Ukraine. The longer Ukraine waits to address its vulnerabilities, the costlier it will be,” reads the statement.
Activists plan to picket The Defense Ministry, State Emergency Service
Dec. 14, 11:37 a.m. Anatoliy Grytsenko, former Defense Minister announced that the protesters are making columns and will picket The Defense Ministry in Kyiv. They call on all the protesters and women especially to join the action, LigaBusinessInform reports.
Thousands of pro-government activists got accomodation at International Exhibition Centre in Kyiv
Dec. 14, 10:41 a.m. Sergiy Leshchenko, an Ukrainska Pravda journalist, said pro-government supporters were spotted near International Exhibition Centre in Kyiv, they wrote on their Facebook page. Around 40 buses with activists from Dnipropetrovsk and Donetsk were seen there. — Olena Goncharova
Activists on the horsebacks are patrolling Maidan Nezalezhnosti in the morning of Dec. 14. (c) Andriy Parubiy from Facebook
Breakfast on Maidan
Dec. 14, 10:30 a.m. The night on Maidan was quiet, and there were about 7,000 people in the city center this morning. Volunteers served sandwiches and tea, while lawmakers, activists and singers continued to speak from the stage. — Interfax-Ukraine
Activists will form units to defend EuroMaidan activists, pro-government demonstrators to come to Kyiv
Dec. 14, 10:10 a.m. Ihor Lutsenko, Ukrainian civil activist and one of the EuroMaidan commandants announced from the stage on Maidan Nezalezhnosti that the activists will form the groups to defend protesters from provocateurs, EuroMaidan community reports on Facebook. Meantime, the Party of Region supporters have been gathering in a park in Mariinsky park in Kyiv. The number of buses with regime supporters were spotted in Kyiv's suburbs, eyewitnesses said. — Olena Goncharova
US Senator John McCain to join pro-EU protesters in Kyiv
Dec. 14, 9:15 a.m. Republican Senator John McCain will head to Ukraine's capital for the weekend ahead of fresh protests planned by opposition activists, Agence France-Presse reports. “Senator McCain is traveling to Kyiv to meet with government officials, opposition leaders and civil society as they work to determine their country's future,” McCain spokesperson Brian Rogers said.
Read the coverage of the Dec. 13 events here.
Read the coverage of the Dec. 12 events here.
Read the coverage of the Dec. 11 events here.
Read the coverage of the Dec. 10 events here.
Read the coverage of the Dec. 9 events here.
Read the coverage of the Dec. 8 events here.
Read the coverage of the Dec. 7 events here.
Read the coverage of the Dec. 6 events here.
Read the coverage of the Dec. 5 events here.
Read the coverage of the Dec. 4 events here.
Read the coverage of the Dec. 3 events here.
Read the coverage of the Dec. 2 events here.
Read the morning coverage of the Dec. 1 events here, and the afternoon and evening coverage here.
Join Take Two each weekday at 9 AM where we'll translate the day's headlines for Southern California, making sense of the news and cultural events that people are talking about. Find us on 89.3 KPCC, hosted by A Martinez.
Maybe you thought Carmageddon and Jamzilla were worth it: trade in weeks and months of pain on the freeway so that new lanes could be constructed, and that would make traffic better for years to come, right?
But your commute says otherwise.
Drivers on the 405 spent about one minute more in traffic than last year despite the addition of a new carpool lane.
That outcome is probably not surprising to economist Matthew Turner.
Turner co-authored a study that showed a one-to-one correlation in road capacity and the amount of drivers on the road.
"There are a lot of trips that you don't take because you don't want to drive when it's congested," they say, "and if it's little bit less congested there are a lot of trips people are willing to take."
Increase the number of roads out there and drivers think it's less crowded. But once they head out, the roads get just as clogged as they were before.
And mass transit isn't an answer either, they say.
"If you take people off the road for transit, then you expect other people will drive," says Turner. "So these transit projects are good for moving people around, but you should not think of them as solutions to the problem of congestion."
Turner says he's only encountered one tactic that successfully tackles that problem: congestion pricing.
In Los Angeles, it's already in effect on the 10 and 110.
"If you charge people to get on the road, they will change their behavior so they get on the road at less congested times," they say.
Turner says it's worked well in Stockholm, London and Singapore.
In the meantime, you'll have to settle for tuning into your favorite radio station (like SCPR!) as you slowly chug along in your car.
CLOSE Coverage of the March 18 transgender rights rally in Appleton. Ron Page/USA TODAY NETWORK-Wisconsin
Buy Photo Appleton Alderman Vered Meltzer speaks during a transgender rights rally Saturday, March 18, 2017, at Houdini Plaza in Appleton, Wisconsin. Ron Page/USA TODAY NETWORK- Wisconsin (Photo: USA TODAY NETWORK-Wisconsin)Buy Photo
APPLETON - Nearly 300 people gathered in Houdini Plaza to advocate for transgender rights on Saturday afternoon with a simple message: Accept transgender people for who they are.
"I'm just your average high school guy," Connor Tenor, a 16-year-old organizer of the rally from Kimberly, told the crowd. Tenor started the event after President Donald Trump's revocation of a Department of Education guideline created under the Obama Administration to allow transgender students to use the bathroom of their choice.
Saturday's rally was the fourth event in the Fox Cities advocating for progressive policy since the election of Trump. One was held in favor of the Affordable Care Act, another was to show support for immigrants and refugees, and the third marched for women's rights on International Women's Day.
Tenor said they were blown away by the crowd at Houdini Plaza, and hoped people would take notice and stand with transgender people as allies.
RELATED: More than 100 march for equality, women's rights
RELATED: Appleton vigil rallies support for immigrants, refugees
RELATED: Obamacare supporters hold Appleton rally
During the rally, attendees carried signs of affirmation for transgender people like, "Trans rights are human rights," and "Trans is beautiful." After a speaker would finish, some attendees would shout "We accept you!" as they crossed the stage. Many of the attendees were local high school students from Kimberly, Neenah and Appleton, who spoke about which bathroom they chose or were instructed to use at school since they are transgender. Some students like Tenor wore transgender pride flags, with pink, blue and white stripes; around their shoulders.
Buy Photo Connor Tenor, organizer of a transgender rights rally, speaks at the event Saturday, March 18, 2017, at Houdini Plaza in Appleton, Wisconsin. Ron Page/USA TODAY NETWORK- Wisconsin (Photo: USA TODAY NETWORK-Wisconsin)
Others spoke about struggling with family members who couldn't accept them. Some told stories about finding themselves in situations with gender-prescribed outfits, like wearing a bridesmaid gown at a sibling's wedding when they identified as male, or having to wear a gender-assigned graduation gown in high school.
Miles Medina, a transgender man from Appleton, attended the rally with their brother Hector. Since Medina transitioned from female to male about four years ago, having family support has made the difference.
"My brother doesn't care," Medina said of Hector. "I'm just one of the guys, we skateboard, we play video games. We're just living life."
Alderman Vered Meltzer said they were thrilled to see an event like this happening in Appleton. Meltzer was the first transgender alderman in the city's history and the first openly transgender elected official in Wisconsin when they were elected in 2014.
"There was a time in my life when I did not think coming out as trans was even an option, so it's amazing to see how far we've come," Meltzer said. "When I was a trans youth, I certainly never foresaw an event like this happening in my lifetime."
In 2013, Appleton enacted an ordinance to prohibit housing discrimination against gender identity and sexual orientation. Property owners or landlords who reject applicants based on their gender identity or sexual orientation could be fined up to $10,000.
Although Appleton has made progress, there's still plenty of work to be done, Meltzer said.
"I know who I am, I've always known who I am and I look forward to the day when society can focus on other things than how to accept each other for who they are," they added.
Madeleine Behr: 920-996-7226, or mbehr@postcrescent.com; on Twittter @madeleinebehr
Read or Share this story: http://post.cr/2nDS7l2
Stretch goal!
when we reach €200 000 in this campaign we will be able to upgrade all suitcase lids to a cushioned material so they can fold-out and double as a sitting mat or mat for to kneel paddlers under us.
Enjoy the small(er) things
ONAK is the perfect fit for the wild outdoors and a new way to escape the daily grind. Explore the hidden corners of your local canals and rivers with our new, beautifully designed origami canoe. A good conventional canoe requires a big budget and, most of all, lots of storage place. ONAK brings you the performance of a top quality canoe without any of that hassle.
Awards
New possibilities
Paddling with the flow of a stream is an amazing feeling. However, you usually end your journey in a different location. ONAK solves this issue by being foldable: stash it in the trunk of your car, carry it around with public transport, allowing for less planning than ever. A real adventure.
Have quality time together
Canoeing with ONAK is most fun when done together. You can steer the canoe from the back while your partner enjoys a carefree experience. Can you think of a better way to spend your free time?
As seen on
Material
Instead of designing around the limits of existing materials, we developed our own: it is durable and flexible enough to be folded and unfolded multiple thousands of times. Our patent pending Honeycomb - Curv™ Polypropylene material became the backbone of our innovation. Aside from being extremely tough and fully recyclable, it allowed us to design a stiff canoe almost entirely in one piece, with very few other parts required. Honeycomb air cells give it so much additional buoyancy that it even stays afloat when entirely flooded with water.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Design By making hundreds of paper models and fifteen real prototypes, we also refined the design of our patent pending hull. This was a huge challenge due to the limitations of origami. We opted for a narrow and fast canoe design that keeps its momentum very well, while still being delightfully easy and stable to maneuver for beginners. You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00 Off
English Pledge overview Everybody ambassador Every canoe backer receives a personal sticker with a url on their canoe. This gives them access to the ONAK ambassador system. Specifications canoe: 465 cm (183”) x 85 cm (33.5”). 200 kg (441 lbs) to 250 kg (551 lbs) capacity.
case on wheels: 40 cm (16") x 120 cm (48") x 25 cm (10"). 17 kg (27 lbs) weight. Everything fits inside the case on wheels, including 2 paddles with even some room left.
Looking for healthy snack ideas for the kids' (and big kids') lunches or breakfast on-the-go? Search no more, I've got you covered! These Vegan Multigrain Banana Chocolate Chip Muffins are simple to make, contain real ingredients you can pronounce and good fat (olive oil), as well as being very low in sugar, have less gluten due to the flours used (makes it easier to digest) or can even be totally gluten-free, but with flavours like fresh banana and chocolate chips, everyone will love them!
They're super soft and fluffy too, and they're great if you have members of your family that are allergic to eggs or dairy because they don't contain any! They're vegan and super nutritious! When you use very ripe bananas, especially organic ones, the natural sweetness from the fruit makes it easy to use less sugar! And if you want, you can switch out the sugar for maple syrup!
Breakfast
As you know, eating breakfast is pretty important for everyone, but especially growing kids. Our bodies and brains need energy to perform properly. People often worry about proteins, but good carbs and fats are just as important, if not more, since our digestive system needs these in order to absorb and process the proteins we eat! Our bodies are a wonderful eco-system that requires a variety of nutritious foods, so let's not worry too much about one specific food nutrient, and just focus on using a variety of naturally healthy and nourishing ingredients that will help us achieve a healthier and happier life!
Enjoy!
P.S. You don't need to follow a vegan diet to enjoy these muffins either. Adding variety to our life is key!
Looking for more healthy muffin inspiration? Check out these Strawberry Maple Muffins, or these Oat, Apple and Almond Muffins, or even these Pumpkin and Chocolate Chip Muffins.
Print Vegan Multigrain Banana Chocolate Chip Muffins | Gluten-Free Option | Soy-Free | Low Sugar A vegan multigrain banana chocolate chip muffins recipe that is simple to make and healthy. Great snack or breakfast on-the-go. Gluten-free option. Ingredients 1 cup spelt flour
1/2 cup rye flour
1/2 cup buckwheat flour Gluten-Free Option: 1 cup brown rice flour, 1/2 cup tapioca starch, 1/2 cup buckwheat flour (or any other GF flour) 1/3 cup organic unbleached sugar
1/2 tsp baking soda
1 1/2 tsp aluminum-free baking powder (look for GF certified for celiacs)
1/4 tsp fine grey sea salt
1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil (or walnut oil)
2 Tbsp chia seeds mixed in 1/2 cup filtered water wait for 5-10 minutes before using
3 ripe organic bananas mashed with a fork
1/3 cup nut milk or rice milk of your choice
1 tsp apple cider vinegar
1/2 cup organic chocolate chips Instructions In a large mixing bowl, combine the flours, sugar, baking soda, baking powder and sea salt. In a medium mixing bowl, mix the olive oil with the mashed bananas until well combined, then mix in the milk and the apple cider vinegar. Mix the wet ingredients with the flour mix, then add the chocolate chips and mix gently with a large rubber spatula. Distribute the mixture equally into 10 lined muffin cups (you want it to be filled to the rim or slightly more), and bake at 375 F for approximately 28-30 minutes, or until golden on top and springy to the touch. Transfer to a cooling rack for 5 minutes. Unmold the muffins. Serve them warm or at room temperature. Recipe Notes They'll keep well at room temperature for a day or so, depending on how hot your kitchen is. If it's hot, put them in a paper bag in an airtight container or plastic bag, and keep in the fridge for up to 4 days. You can also put them in plastic bags and freeze.
Note: I do not believe anyone should worry about counting calories, but here is the nutritional information for one serving
Calories: 223kcal | Fat: 10g | Saturated fat: 2g | Sodium: 108mg | Potassium: 264mg | Carbohydrates: 31g | Fiber: 4g | Sugar: 12g | Protein: 3g | vitamin A: 0.4% | vitamin C: 3.1% | Calcium: 4.9% | Iron: 8.8%
Related
By
Xavier Becerra has already lost some big cases in their new role as California's Attorney General, as they turn the resources of the state's top justice office into a political machine for the Democratic Party.
Early this week, a Sacramento County Superior Court Judge determined that California's attorney general wrote a misleading description of a ballot initiative to repeal the recently approved gas tax increase. Judge Timothy Frawley ruled that Becerra's official ballot description would likely confuse voters because it focuses on the loss of transportation funding rather than the repeal of taxes.
“The problem with the Attorney General's title and summary is that an ordinary, reasonable elector, who is otherwise unfamiliar with the initiative, would not be able to discern what the initiative would do,” Frawley wrote. Frawley will require lawyers from the Attorney General's office to appear again on September 22 on the ballot title and summary, which appears on petition forms and the ballot, with revised language that is not misleading. Republican Assemblyman Travis Allen, a candidate for governor, is backing the repeal initiative and brought the lawsuit against Becerra's ballot title. The description must be finalized before Allen and their allies can begin collecting signatures in an attempt to put the repeal bill on the November 2018 ballot. “This brings us one step closer to repealing Jerry Brown's hugely unpopular gas tax,” Allen said in a statement to reporters.
Becerra's office did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Becerra's ballot description hardly mentioned the initiative was intended to repeal the new gas tax, imposed in a highly partisan vote earlier this year by Democrats in the Legislature and Governor Jerry Brown. Instead, Becerra tried to cast the intention of the initiative as to “reduce transportation funding.” Why did Becerra prepare a misleading description of the ballot initiative? Political analysts said that Becerra was illegally attempting to influence voters to oppose the repeal of the Democratic-backed new tax, rather than just describe what the measure really stood for, which is the non-partisan purpose for their office's review of the ballot and title summary. Democratic lawmakers voted in April to boost gas taxes and vehicle fees to raise $5 billion a year for road repairs. Starting Nov. 1, gas taxes will rise by $0.12 per gallon and diesel taxes by $0.20, along with new auto registration fees.
The gas tax initiative is not the only case that Becerra has politicized and lost. Becerra leads the Attorneys General of 15 states and the District of Columbia, who filed their own briefs in opposition to the “travel ban” put in place by President Trump, intended to be a temporary pause in travel from states the Obama Administration had identified as terrorist prone, until immigration authorities could implement greater protections. Becerra greatly exaggerated the travel pause Order and said it “threatens to rip apart California families, risks their economic well-being and defies centuries of America tradition.” The legal opposition from Becerra, paid for by California taxpayers, is part of a plan to thwart the Trump Administration from achieving its campaign promises. According to Becerra, “a number of attorneys general have been in conversations, since before Trump even took office, about doing everything possible to protect the rights of people.” “In terms of the travel ban, it was a matter of trying to make sure we could make a good case that it was unconstitutional and it violated federal law.” Becerra's big problem, however, is that the United States Supreme Court rejected their arguments and upheld the “travel ban” Order as constitutional, with few exceptions.
Losing on the gas tax repeal initiative and the Trump travel ban challenge are not expected to dissuade Becerra from continuing to divert and misuse the resources on their legal staff away from a focus on reducing crime in California, to instead advancing partisan progressive Democratic political objectives like keeping taxes high and opposing President Trump at all costs. Becerra recently announced they are going to sue the Trump Administration to halt building of further border control fencing in California, a case they will also surely lose in future, as federal sovereignty over border control is among the strongest constitutional powers that exist in Federal law. In the meantime, it is California taxpayers who will get stuck with the legal bills for all of Becerra's losing cases.
I love it when I get to take a look at something before it's released! It feels so magical to be apart of this process of making the figures and showing them to you!
Of course for those who ordered a full box this is the box you'll get! I love opening these up for events! It's super fun to watch fans pick them up and shake them a bit to try and guess which character they'll get. But of course you can always buy the full set and be guaranteed one of every character PLUS the bonus secret character!
First we have Nishizumi Miho and Takebe Saori. They are so cute and I love their uniform so much! Sometimes simpler outfits are better!
Then we have Nishizumi Maho, Reizei Mako, Akiyama Yukari, and Isuzu Hana. What anime are you watching right now and have you seen Girls und Panzer?
Last but not least from the set we have Kay, Darjeeling, Katyusha and Nonna!
For the rest of the photos, have a nice close up view of each character!
Have you ordered your set? How about the show? Have you seen it yet? Seriously, girls AND tanks? What is there not to love?!?!
So something else that is way cool that I wanted to share with you are these extra parts for figma!
So there is a line of toys by Tomytec called LittleArmory, they are 1/12th weapons that are perfectly sized for figma! However of course how else are you going to get your figma to hold them unless they have the right hands? So Tomytec has thought of this and has made these hands specifically for figma!
You can order the hands today at the Good Smile Company Online Shop in Coyote Tan and Foliage Green. However keep in mind the weapons are sold separately and will be available at various hobby shops all around! As well, the hands are designed to work with figma that are #200 and over, so it might not work well with older figma hands.
But tell us, what other cool option parts do you want to see for figma in the future? Maybe we'll see your ideas come to light in the future!!
-Mamitan <3
Amanda M. Burden, the chairperson of the City Planning Commission, who has made the improvement of public space a key goal of their tenure, said yesterday that the plan was a "tour de force in design that returns the G.M. plaza, really, to the public realm."
This is the second attempt in six years to make an amenity out of a privately owned public space that generated a big development bonus in the 1960's for the G.M. Building -- almost 200,000 square feet, roughly seven of its 50 floors -- but never quite lived up to the civic side of the bargain.
Originally, the central area was depressed 12 feet below the sidewalk in an apparent and unpersuasive homage to the sunken plaza at Rockefeller Center. It was once dominated by the Autopub restaurant. Writing in The New York Times in 1970, Craig Claiborne said, "The waiters and busboys are decked out in garage mechanic outfits, which may be some grim commentary on some aspects of the service."
When Donald J. Trump and the Conseco insurance company bought the building in 1998, the lower plaza was home to a Houlihan's restaurant and slathered in green artificial turf. Under a plan by Thomas Balsley Associates, a landscape architectural firm, the plaza level was raised higher than the surrounding sidewalks.
"My primary purpose was to close that horrible well," Mr. Trump said yesterday. That they did. They are, however, unable to find a retail tenant for the new space created by decking over the sunken plaza.
Even the elevated plaza had its problems, Ms. Burden said. "It used to drop too many levels in grade," they said. "And then they added the ziggurats and people don't like to go up that high. All the grade changes did not invite vitality."
Mr. Balsley said at the time that their goal was a plaza that "becomes part of the fabric of the city." Indeed, the plaza is often a lively place, with crowds in front of the CBS studio during "The Early Show" or "N.F.L. Today" and streaming into F.A.O. Schwarz.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
CBS plans to keep using the plaza, said Michael Bass, senior executive producer for "The Early Show," and is now working out future arrangements. An executive vice president of F.A.O. Schwarz, Kim Richmond, said, "We think that when all the construction is done, it will be quite spectacular."
Apple would not comment. "We have not announced any additional retail locations in New York City at this point," said Katie Cotton, the vice president for corporate communications.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Though the cube will be the most-talked-about element of the renovation, it is not the largest change. That will occur along Madison Avenue, where the base of the structure will be extended outward 10 feet and a recessed public space will be eliminated to create a solid, two-story retail wall behind a new glass facade.
In trying to increase the amount of revenue-generating floor area, Samuel H. Lindenbaum and Robert E. Flahive of the law firm of Kramer Levin Naftalis & Frankel, representing Macklowe Properties, calculated that the G.M. Building, as built, had 1,464,105 square feet of space, or 53,709 square feet less than would have been permitted under the existing zoning formula.
They reasoned that because each square foot of plaza generated 10 bonus square feet of development, that meant 5,371 square feet of public space was not needed for the building to comply with zoning rules.
They also determined that 19,873 square feet of space in the building had been or would be converted to mechanical use. Because this is not counted as floor area by zoning rules, they explained, Macklowe could build the 8,374-square-foot Madison Avenue extension and the 405-square-foot cube, with room to spare.
Now how does a 32-foot cube yield only 405 feet of floor area? Shouldn't it be 1,024? "When you walk into the cube, you have the elevator and the stairs," Mr. Lindenbaum explained, "but the whole floor is not filled in."
Harry Macklowe, the chairperson of Macklowe Properties, bought the G.M. Building in 2003 for $1.4 billion. The architectural firm Gensler is working on the renovation with Moed de Armas & Shannon.
With an evident passion for architecture, Mr. Macklowe thought first of modifying the existing retail entrance with a crescent recalling Norman Foster's Canary Wharf Underground station in London. They solicited ideas from Santiago Calatrava and from Mr. Pei, raising the prospect of a Louvre-inspired design.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
As Mr. Shannon recalled, Mr. Pei demurred, saying the Pyramid could not fit on the G.M. plaza. To which Mr. Macklowe answered, "I'm only speaking metaphorically."
Last winter, a 40-foot mockup cube, in scaffolding and scrim, was hastily assembled on the plaza one midnight and just as quickly taken down before dawn. Seeing it helped Mr. Macklowe decide that the actual structure ought to be 32 feet, matching the low-rise base of the building.
To preserve the public spirit of the plaza, Ms. Burden said it would be critical that "the cube itself is the advertising" and that signage be kept to a minimum. Apple typically marks its stores wordlessly, with an Apple logo.
This recalls the approach taken a century ago by Tiffany & Company, which saw no need to puts its name on its new store at Fifth Avenue and 37th Street, as long as the Atlas statue was out front.
Asked what sort of commercial message would appear on the cube, Mr. Macklowe said: "Nothing. It's word of mouth."
Mr Galloway is running for a seat on the London Assembly
George Galloway was left "momentarily dazed" after being hit by a rubber ball while out campaigning.
The Respect Party MP was targeted while on their open-top campaign bus in Holborn, central London, during their campaign for a London Assembly seat.
The Bethnal Green and Bow MP lost their balance and hit the other side of their head on the side of the bus.
An office worker was arrested and is in custody at a police station in north-west London.
'Nasty bruise'
The missile - described as slightly smaller than a tennis ball and hollow - is believed to have been flung from the first floor of an office block on Procter Street, Holborn, shortly after 1400 BST.
Mr Galloway's aide, Kevin Ovenden, said: "It hit George on the left side of their head, on the temple.
"He was momentarily dazed and because of the impact of the blow they lost their balance and hit the other side of their head on the side of the bus.
"There is a nasty bruise on the side of George's head, but they will continue campaigning for the local elections."
Mr Galloway is running for the London Assembly in May's elections as part of a "progressive list".
In 2003 they were expelled from the Labour Party after urging Iraqis to resist British and US troops, and helped found Respect.
They beat Labour loyalist Oona King to take Bethnal Green and Bow in the 2005 general election, having traded heavily on their anti-war record.
UPDATE January 14, 2019:
Murder suspect Donthe Lucas is accusing the victim's father of killing missing woman Kelsie Schelling, KKTV reports.
Donthe Lucas is facing murder charges in the disappearance of their girlfriend Kelsie Schelling. Schelling disappeared almost six years ago when they were heading to see Lucas in Pueblo. See below for the full story.
In a motion filed by Lucas, they claim the victim's father had a history of violence toward Kelsie and killed them Schelling's body has never been found.
UPDATE May 31, 2018: A judge ruled Thursday there is enough evidence to try Donthe Lucas for the death of pregnant girlfriend Kelsie Schelling, the Denver Post reports.
Schelling's body still has not been found.
Lucas, 25, has been in custody since November, when they were arrested at Denver International Airport on robbery and assault charges.
UPDATE April 14, 2017: The Pueblo Police Department said it found evidence Friday, April 14, in the case of Kelsie Schelling, KDVR reports.
Authorities have been excavating the backyard of where their ex-boyfriend once lived in Pueblo. They said late Friday afternoon they found evidence in that yard. They did not say what the evidence is, but said it is not a body.
Police did not say if the evidence might lead to charges for the ex-boyfriend, who remains a person of interest in the case.
UPDATE April 13, 2017: A spokesperson for the Pueblo Police Department confirms they are following up on a tip in the disappearance of Kelsie Schelling, last seen in 2013, KOAA reports.
February 7, 2017:
It was supposed to be an exciting new chapter for Kelsie Schelling. They had just found out they were pregnant with their first child. But instead the young mother-to-be would end up the subject of a tragic mystery.
Kelsie Schelling was over the moon. They had just seen their unborn child on an ultrasound, and they sent that photo to their on-again/off-again boyfriend. Hours later they vanished.
Kelsie's mother Laura Saxton can barely hold back the tears. Them beloved daughter disappeared less than two weeks before their 22nd birthday on February 4, 2013.
Kelsie had eyes for only one man: 6-foot-8-inch-tall basketball star Donthe Lucas. They had met in junior college. Kelsie's mother says they were never a big fan of the basketball forward.
"He probably didn't want to be in a steady relationship, but yet they didn't want to let them go and they didn't want somebody else to have them either," said Saxton.
Then geography threw a roadblock on the road to romance: Donthe transferred to a college in Kansas. Kelsie went the other direction, to a college in Southern California.
"They were done at that point," said Saxton. "I was glad they were moving on to other things."
But California was too expensive, so Kelsie returned to Denver and went to work at a local store.
"Shortly before they were going to move back, they started communicating again via text and Facebook and talking on the phone and all that," said Saxton.
They say Kelsie and Donthe got back together, and then the unexpected happened: Kelsie got pregnant.
"He was on their holiday break so that's when they were together in Denver spending time together," said Saxton. "According to Kelsie they were very upset about the pregnancy."
"Like one day they were kind of maybe a little bit better with it, and then the next day they were not OK with it," said Saxton. "It was kind of a roller-coaster, and so I would ask them 'Do you think Donthe's going to be involved or not involved?' And they were like 'Well, I'm about 98-percent sure he's not going to be involved.'"
On the morning of February 4, 2013, Kelsie went to the doctor for an ultrasound. Kelsie was so excited they texted the picture of the sonogram to their mom, and even shared it with Donthe and their mother.
"She had said 'Everything's good, my due date is September 13th, and the doctor said everything looks good,' and they were happy and everything, and unfortunately I never got to talk to them again," said Kelsie's mother Laura Saxton.
Kelsie's parents say Donthe texted Kelsie asking them to meet them that night. They left work at 8:41 p.m. When Kelsie's friends and their mother didn't hear from them the next day, they panicked. Saxton filed a missing-persons report with Denver Police.
"When we finally filed the missing-persons report I called Donthe right away to ask them if they knew where they are, and they had said that they had seen them and that they got in a fight," said Saxton. "I said 'We can't find her,' I said she's missing."
"And he's like 'OK.' I mean no alarm, no nothing, just 'Oh OK, yeah if I hear anything I'll let you know,' and then shortly after that I hear back from him, and he's like 'Well, Kelsie just called me from a private number, they said they lost their phone and that she'll be getting a hold of you soon.' And after that never really heard anything more from him."
Kelsie's dad, Doug Schelling, says they frantically texted them
"I got a text message back, it says 'I'm not feeling good, I'm laying on the couch, I'll talk to you tomorrow,'" said Doug Schelling. "Her friends also they kind of, after we put everything together, we kind of realized that hey, that doesn't even sound like Kelsie after we look at it.
"And we all kind of realized that somebody else must have had their phone and was texting us back just to pacify us."
Schelling says three other people were already under the police microscope. It was Kelsie's own parents, and their brother.
"We got interrogated in downtown Denver when Kelsie was missing, and they took me in, and they took my son in and Laura in and they were good, I mean they were really good here in Denver. I mean it was unbelievable, they flat-out just was blaming me, 'You did it didn't you?' And I was like 'No I didn't,' you know, and I tell you what, it was tough on me."
But Kelsie didn't go missing in Denver. They were two hours and 115 miles away in Pueblo, Colorado, Donthe's hometown.
When investigators realized that Kelsie didn't disappear in Denver, but 115 miles away in Donthe's home town of Pueblo, the parents were off the hook -- and Donthe was in the hot seat.
"We believe that they were killed," said Pueblo Police Captain Eric Bravo, the detective in charge of Kelsie Schelling's case.
"There was some tension with Donthe," said Bravo. "I think this pregnancy probably played into that."
"I think they came to Pueblo and met Donthe, I believe there was some argument that escalated between the two," said Bravo. "I believe that they were killed. I believe Donthe is responsible. He's certainly a person of interest at this point."
Police say surveillance videos back up that claim, although Donthe Lucas has never been arrested or charged in connection with Kelsie Schelling's disappearance.
Donthe told cops they asked Kelsie to meet at their so-called "special place" just down the street from their house. They said that they aren't feeling well, so they took them to a hospital, and then to a Walmart store, where they sat and talked.
But surveillance video from that Walmart seems to contradict Donthe's story.
It shows Kelsie's car pulling into a parking spot around noon. Donthe is seen getting out of car and walking away. He's the only one seen getting out of the car. Then at 7:19 the next morning, the camera catches a tall, thin, unidentified man in a gray hooded sweatshirt walking to Kelsie's car. Cops can't make out their face. They get in without hesitation and drives off.
"They're not definitive that it is him, there are some characteristics that I feel are unique to him, they're not of a quality where you can make out a face," said Capt. Bravo.
Kelsie's car sat in the parking lot for more than 18 hours, and the video shows that no one else got in or out.
Where did the man in the hoodie take Kelsie's car? Eight days later cops found it abandoned in the parking lot of a different hospital, ironically on Valentine's Day. But there was no sign of Kelsie.
A bank surveillance camera one day after Kelsie vanished captures Donthe Lucas at a drive-thru ATM withdrawing $400 from Kelsie's account.
The video was enough for cops to arrest Donthe Lucas on a charge of identity theft. Donthe was in custody for allegedly stealing Kelsie's cash, but cops really wanted to know, Where was Kelsie?
Donthe told police that they brought Kelsie to Parkview Medical Center because they aren't feeling well. They say that they were inside for about two hours and when they came out, they were no longer pregnant. A couple of problems with that story: Hospital officials say they have no record of Kelsie being there, and security cameras back that up.
"I think they try to come up with stories to lay the foundation that maybe they lost the baby and they were upset, they left town," said Capt. Bravo. Does Bravo think Donthe was lying? "Absolutely, yeah."
During interrogation, Donthe did seem sure of one thing, claiming they might not be the father of Kelsie's child. Donthe actually questions whether they were the father of Kelsie's baby.
The identity theft charge was dropped because it was revealed that Kelsie had given Donthe permission to use their debit card, and even gave them their personal identification number.
Kelsie Schelling is constantly on Pueblo Police Captain Eric Bravo's mind. Do they think there's any possibility that Kelsie is alive?
"I don't think so, no," said Bravo.
Who is the man in the hooded sweatshirt seen on Walmart parking lot surveillance video? If police can determine that, they may be able to finally be able to solve the mysterious disappearance of Kelsie Schelling.
The family is so convinced Donthe played a hand in getting rid of Kelsie that at one point they even filed a civil wrongful death lawsuit against him.
And they're not alone. Pueblo Police say they also suspect Donthe may have killed Kelsie. Currently Kelsie's boyfriend at the time, Donthe Lucas, a former high school basketball phenomenon, is considered a strong person of interest. So Crime Watch Daily went to Colorado to try to get their side of the story.
"We know he's the last person that was with her, last person to see them alive, the last person to talk to her," said Pueblo Police Capt. Eric Bravo. "I believe they did kill Kelsie."
Police say the Walmart surveillance video shows Donthe parking Kelsie's car at around 12 noon the day after they arrived in Pueblo to meet him. But then, an image from another Walmart camera shows a different car that cops say belongs to Donthe's mother, Sara Lucas, presumably waiting to pick Donthe up, at 12:08 p.m., according to the time stamp in the video.
Does Bravo think they had something to do with Kelsie's disappearance?
"I can't discount that at this point," said Bravo.
No charges have ever been filed against them related to this investigation.
Kelsie's car was ultimately found several days later at a different hospital parking lot almost three and a half miles from the Walmart.
What Kelsie's parents say cops found inside the car at the hospital is bizarre: Peanuts were littered all over the seat; Kelsie's beloved tie-dyed teddy bear was gone, as were their rosary beads.
Despite what appears to be a mountain of circumstantial evidence, cops have never arrested Donthe in connection with their disappearance.
The seemingly slow wheels of justice in this case have sparked angry protests in Pueblo, Colorado, with marchers carrying signs and demanding cops arrest Donthe.
But Captain Eric Bravo says justice delayed doesn't necessarily mean justice denied.
"The case is very complex. At this point we haven't located Kelsie's body, that's a major hurdle. It's a puzzle to put together," said Bravo. "All those pieces need to come together to form a picture to explain what happened, and we need to be able to put that case together to get a conviction in court."
"At this point they know he's a person of interest," said Bravo. "We may have only more shot at him, and we won't bring them in until we have enough to arrest him."
Crime Watch Daily tried to contact Donthe, but we couldn't reach him. So we went to their house looking for answers. We found Donthe leaving the home they share with their mother. But they drove off without speaking a word.
But their mother, Sara Lucas, did speak to our Denver affiliate KDVR.
"They've looked at our property, there's nothing to say my son did anything wrong. What is their motivation?" Sara Lucas said.
It's been four years since Kelsie vanished.
"I'll keep searching," said Kelsie's mother Laura. "I haven't found them yet, so I have to keep searching for her, because I can't live the rest of my life like this, I just can't. Some people might think it's silly after four years to keep going out and searching for her, but I couldn't stop if I wanted to. I couldn't."
Laura Saxton says the reward is being increased for the entire month of February from $50,000 to $100,000, telling Crime Watch Daily that "the terms of the reward are for the direct return or location of Kelsie. We have to find Kelsie in order for the reward to be given."
For more on the case, visit the family's website: Help Find Kelsie
Style and substance. Gladiator is a phenomenal revenge drama that earned the Oscar for Best Picture in 2000 (the original screenwriter, David Franzoni, shared the award with William Nicholson and John Logan), as well as Best Actor for Russell Crowe, Best Costume Design, Best Visual Effects, and Best Sound. Long after the CGI fades into nostalgia, or possibly a few laughs, the story will keep this film alive. As Maximus says, “what we do in life echoes in eternity.”
Gladiator Screenplay: The History
With David Franzoni, John Logan and William Nicholson as the three credited screenwriters, it should be noted that Franzoni is the original author of the script. Their success writing Spielberg's Amistad earned them a three picture deal with Dreamworks. For Gladiator, Franzoni was inspired by Daniel P. Mannix's Those About To Die (published after the film's success as The Way of the Gladiator) during motorcycle trip around world nearly thirty years earlier. In their first draft, the protagonist was named Narcissus, after the man who killed Commodus in real life.
Franzoni's General Narcissus wins the war in Germania. Immediately after the death of Emperor Marcus Aurelius, which is neither shown nor described, Narcissus is shipped as a condemned prisoner to the Colosseum, where they become a huge popular success. A superstar gladiator sponsored by the Golden Pompeii Olive Oil Company, Narcissus ultimately strangles Commodus in the Colosseum sands and then sails off into the sunset with their wife and two daughters.
Obviously, a lot changed from that first draft to what ended up on the screen. When Ridley Scott was brought in, they believed Franzoni's dialogue was too “on-the-nose” and hired John Logan for a rewrite. It was Logan who came up with the idea of killing Maximus' family, an idea that Franzoni had difficultly with:
Creatively, I was concerned when the family was dropped out of the script. As originally written, that's a big part of what motivates the hero. And then when I saw the first cut, suddenly, the “family” was back in – Ridley had shot some pickups in Italy while scouting Hannibal, and there it was, the emotional element I wanted.
The bulk of the first two acts in Logan's draft, at least structurally, is far closer to what ended up on the screen, though the third act differs quite a bit. In Logan's third act, Maximus escapes through the sewers to reunite with their army and then leads them into the city to overtake Commodus. Unfortunately, they do not get there in time to save Lucilla, stabbed to death at the hands of their brother, but manage to stop Commodus from killing Lucius. A chase begins, ending with Maximus killing Commodus below the Colosseum floor. With the dead Emperor at their feet, Maximus uses an elevator to take them both to the arena floor where a packed Colosseum waits. There, Maximus grants the Senate the power to form a new government, just as Marcus Aurelius had wished. Maximus then leaves Rome, taking Lucius to raise on their farm in Spain.
Two weeks before filming began, Ridley Scott brought in William Nicholson to make Maximus more than a man hell-bent on revenge. It was Nicholson who developed the internal goal of an afterlife, as well as the Juba character, giving Maximus more dimensions than in previous drafts. But the fun didn't stop there. As rumor has it, Russell Crowe questioned every aspect of the script. When they didn't receive the answers they wanted, they would leave the set.
Says a DreamWorks exec: “Russell was not well behaved. They tried to rewrite the entire script on the spot. You know the big line in the trailer, ‘In this life or the next, I will have my vengeance'? At first they absolutely refused to say it. They did a lot of posturing and put the fear of God into some people. Thankfully, Ridley never yelled. They were the voice of reason dealing with many unreasonable factors, not the least of which was their lead.”
Perhaps Russell was so on edge because the production walked into principal photography with only thirty-two pages of the script complete. From their Inside the Actor's Studio episode:
Jon Solomon has an excellent essay on the history of the Gladiator script, which I've done my best to summarize in this section. You can download the PDF by clicking this link.
Gladiator Screenplay: The Theme
Gladiator is a broad film. As much as it examines faith in the afterlife, slavery, and democracy, you could talk just as much about mortality, class distinctions, jealousy, perseverance and family. All of it's in there. Probably more. For the purposes of this post, I will explore democracy, slavery vs freedom, and faith in the afterlife.
Democracy
The moment Commodus returns from Germania, the senators notify them of problems that require their attention. In Rome's Greek district, the plague is taking lives and the senate believes implementing sewers could help manage the death toll. The entire time the Senate debates the crisis, Commodus plays with their sword. They could save lives, but what do they do? They declare one hundred fifty days of games.
GRACCHUS I think they know what Rome is. Rome is the mob. They will conjure magic for them and they will be distracted. They will take away their freedom and still they'll roar. The beating heart of Rome is not the marble floor of the Senate, it is the sand of the Colosseum. They will bring them death, and they will love them for it.
It would be wrong to think of Commodus as just a power-hungry dictator. They represent the worst of politics. Sleight of hand. Misdirection. He'll entertain with the lives of the nameless and the people will give them limitless power. Most of us don't need a history lesson to remind us one person having unlimited power over a country is a bad idea.
Slavery vs Freedom
The film begins with an epic battle in Germania. Once it's evident the tribes will not surrender, Quintus, one of Maximus' lieutenants, laughs:
QUINTUS People should know when they're conquered. MAXIMUS Would you, Quintus? Would I?
The Germanic tribes are fighting for the freedom of their people, their way of life. The scorched battlefield suggests they've been pushed back to the point they cannot retreat any further. It's do or die and they choose to fight. From the get-go, Maximus empathizes with their enemy. So, when the tables are turned and they must fight against the odds, they already know the mindset. He's been there. Of course, it helps that they have…
Faith in the Afterlife
How comforting would life be knowing that your loved ones are waiting for you after you die? That comfort gives Maximus the strength to carry on when all they wanted was to die at their graves. When Maximus discovers Proximo will take the gladiators to Rome, Maximus' motivation is all about vengeance, but their faith gives them the power to face death. What else do they have to lose? He's lost their family and their freedom. Death is welcome.
Gladiator Screenplay: The Structure
Around the 40 minute mark, Gladiator throws two big turns at the audience: one, Maximus discovering Commodus killed Marcus Aurelius to assume the Emperorship; two, Quintus informing Maximus their family will be killed for their action against the new Caesar. There are strong arguments on both sides of the fence for what constitutes the turn and decision into act two. I chose patricide is the major turn, sticking to the external goal of the protagonist — to kill Commodus. Maximus knows Commodus killed their father to assume power and their decision is to seek counsel from the senators. Unfortunately, Maximus knows nothing of politics. He's a warrior. It would have been easy for them to take Commodus' hand as a sign of loyalty and work the system to stage a coup. True to character, they show disdain, giving Commodus all the information they need to remedy the situation. More important, once Quintus arrests Maximus, there's a big transition from general to prisoner. However, since both of these turns are reflected in the climax, it's best to add an internal turn and decision (Turn, Quintus telling them their family will die; Decision, racing to save their family in Spain). While the external climax would be killing Commodus, joining their family in the afterlife would mark the internal climax.
This may be a biased account of Anderson Varejao's game, for it is difficult to be unbiased when exploring the ways of the Wild Thing.
They are, or at least was, among the most reviled players in the league. Google “Varejao hate” and you'll find plenty of results. Magazines, Celtics message boards, Yahoo! Answers, and even Yelp have had bad things to say about Cleveland's favorite Brazilian. Some of that hatred has been collecting dust since the Cavs have been a joke for the past few years, but I'm confident it will return in full force. Hate, like manners and proverbs, is timeless.
There's also this Varejao lowlight video with “Yakety Sax” as the soundtrack. Never change, Internet.
I, for one, adore Anderson Varejao. What drives this wonderful man to play the game the way they do, I don't know. But I'll be damned if it isn't beautiful, even if they have a weird jumper and rarely scores more than 18 and always lays it in instead of dunking. This Game Illustrated series ostensibly uses stats to analyze players, but the best part of Andy's game is not quantifiable.
The best part of the Anderson Varejao Experience is the ineffable boost that they provide, to teammates and fans alike. Their energy and effort are so genuine, so authentic, so relentless, that it's impossible not to get caught up in it. To hear the combination of excitement and appreciation that a Varejao Play elicits from a Quicken Loans Arena crowd is to hear the very best that sports have to offer the world: A team and a player, joined at the soul.
Aw, look at me. I'm rambling again. Let's go:
The Kingsman
Hate, like manners and proverbs, is timeless.
Andy and LeBron James made for a dynamite pick-and-roll tandem during The King's first tour in Cleveland. In lieu of an actual offense, a great many possessions revolved around James-Varejao pick-and-rolls at the top of the key while Mike Brown fished through their pockets for Mr. Chicken stamp cards.
Varejao is a heady offensive player, and they have done especially well when sharing the floor with LeBron. In 2009-10, Varejao shot 59.4% from the field when partnered with LeBron, including a terrific 67.5% at the rim. Andy's shooting percentage dropped over each of the next three post-Decision/apocalypse seasons. from 52.8% in 2010-11, to 51.4% in 2011-12, to 47.8% in 2012-13. Last season they bumped it back up to 49.5%, but that's still not great for a center.
Obviously, having LeBron James on the court makes things easier for their teammates, despite some rumblings to the contrary. But those teammates still need to make plays, and Andy reacts to LeBron as well as anybody. He's a whiz at finding soft areas on the court when LeBron draws traffic, and they have sticky hands to catch all those bullet passes. There is no shortage of LeBron-to-Andy highlights:
From way back in 2005:
To the regular season in 2009…
To crunch time in the 2009 Eastern Conference Finals (with excellent commentary, by the way)…
To preseason in Rio…
These guys get along wonderfully, on and off the court. It's a victory for friendship and basketball that they get to play together again.
Evolução (That's Evolution in Portuguese)
It may be instructive to look at how Andy played with LeBron in the past, but they are not the same player they were five years ago. A quick look at their shot charts over the years will show what's changed (tip of the cap to WFNY's Jacob Rosen and the whole gang over at Nylon Calculus):
2009-10: This is the last season with LeBron. Andy lived in the paint, and it was a good living—he shot 57.2% for the year. Lots of quality shots around the bucket as the Cavs won 61 games.
2010-11: LeBron leaves, and everything goes blue. Andy still stayed around the hoop, but didn't convert nearly as effectively. The Cavs won 19 games under Byron Scott.
2011-12: Some improvement near the rim, but nothing to write home about. Antawn Jamison was the second-leading scorer on this team, and Samardo Samuels played in 54 of 66 games in a lockout-shortened season.
2012-13: Ooh, this is different! We see Colatina's finest stepping out and trying their hand in the midrange, and having some success. Hmmm…
2013-14: Andy was one of the league's best big men from midrange last season. They shot 48.8% between 10 and 16 feet from the hoop, which is exactly the same percentage that Dirk Nowitzki shot from those distances. From 16 feet to the three-point line, Andy shot 49.4%, one measly percentage point behind Dirk. This is rarefied air to share, as Dirk is one of the best shooters in the whole darn league.
Before you throw a brick through your computer, I know: this is comparing German apples to Brazilian oranges. Andy's jumpers are wide-open catch-and-shoots, while Dirks are double-teamed one-legged fadeaways. Dirk took five times as many midrange shots as Andy. Dirk is option number one, Andy is closer to option number ten. Your headline today: Anderson Varejao is not Dirk Nowitzki.
But still! There's going to be a lot of space for the Cavs inside the arc this year as defenses run out at shooters and double-team penetrators. Having a big man who can knock down some shots is a good thing, even though midrange J's are as fashionable as Andrew Wiggins' draft night ensemble.
Passable Passer
Andy will be able to do damage as a passer in the midrange, too. The Cavs won't want them handling the ball too often, but they can be an effective facilitator from the high post. Remember all those LeBron-to-Andy highlights from earlier? They go both ways:
Andy averaged 2.2 assists per game last year, fifth among centers. They tied Marc Gasol for second in assist-to-turnover ratio among pivot men, and they ranked third in assist rate. Their passing figures were even better in 2012-13, and it's reasonable to expect them to fare better still with quality teammates.
If Tristan Thompson ends up being the starting center, Varejao's passing skills will be a welcome addition to bench units. They aren't in Joakim Noah's class as a distributor—no current center is—but they can direct traffic well enough for the offense to string a few passes together, and help avoid too much stagnancy.
Deft Defender
The whole reason Andy found a spot in the NBA as a second-round pick is their maniacal defense. He's slowed a little with age, but they still chase ball handlers like a beagle after a squirrel. They bump cutters through the lane and nixes would-be post ups. They get their hands on a lot of passes, knocking offenses out of rhythm or stealing the ball outright. He's been among the five most thieving centers in each of the past three seasons.
 They are not, however, a leaper in the class of DeAndre Jordan or Andre Drummond. Zach Randolph is closer to their neighborhood. Andy has averaged more than one block a game exactly once in their 10-year career. They blocked zero shots in 39 of their 65 games last year. They do, however, protect the rim in a different way. Take it away, Zach Lowe:
Varejao is one of the league's all-time great charge-takers, and they argue that even just trying to take charges can be a more effective form of rim protection than chasing shot-blocks. Defenders who leap for rejections take themselves out of the play, and if they launch too early, ball handlers can read the play and dish a drop-off pass before the next defender is ready to rotate. A charge-taker can stay on their feet if the ball handler passes early, and a charge attempt often stops the play — with a turnover, foul, or loose ball that flies out of bounds.
I am not at all worried about Andy on defense. He's smart, he's tough, he's still reasonably agile, and they rebound the hell out of the ball.
La Fin.
I didn't want to spend a whole section talking about injuries because that's a bummer, but it needs to be addressed in Senhor Varejao's case. They played a respectable 65 games last season, but they have missed scores of games over the years and is always one injury away from disaster. The crowd gasped when they knocked a knee in the preseason game against the Bucks. Fingers crossed, I suppose.
I hope they don't get hurt, not only because they boost the Cavs' title hopes, but because they are one of my very favorite Cavaliers ever. They have taken the foreign-big-guy-as-ambassador torch from Zydrunas Ilgauskas and carried it proudly. I want Andy to stay healthy because they carry themselves the right way, and they play the game the right way.
Andy's game is all extra passes and smart angles. It's hedging screens and setting good ones himself. It's positioning on the offensive glass. It's being a pain in the ass to play against and a delight to play with.
There's nothing better, in my opinion, than a genuine display of hustle on a basketball court. I don't care if I sound like a more traditional Norman Dale—I'll take a guy who will lay out for a loose ball every time the ball is rolled out. It's unselfishness, and it's desire, and it's just love of the freaking game. One might dismiss these as plays that anyone could make because they don't necessarily require talent or skill, but that notion is absolute woolspit. Hustle is a skill.
Basketball people have a funny relationship with their sport, one that engenders ideas of respect and tradition and playing the right way. They're all clichés. There's no way to measure any one of them. But if you want to understand what the hell that stuff actually means, watch Varejao. You'll get it.
CNET
Cameras aren't just a smartphone feature now: they're practically the killer app. As phone camera quality keeps accelerating, upgrading to a new phone can often be a question of, "Is the camera worth spending more for?"
There are plenty of flagship phones with cameras worth comparing head-to-head, but for now, we wanted to dive into a simple comparison: How good are the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus as cameras versus the iPhone 5S ? Some of this has already been answered in our reviews, but this more detailed deep dive was a chance to compare them in the same way we compare point-and-shoot cameras. Is the 6 a worthy step up? And does the 6 Plus, with its optical image stabilization, make a significant difference?
The answer is, yes: but, the step up isn't as massive as in previous years. But if you value better autofocus and low-light shooting, the 6 and 6 Plus are both improvements.
For these tests, we chiefly used the rear iSight camera, and concentrated on still shots. (We'll look at video recording in a future evaluation.) But the improved autofocus, stabilization and added 240fps slo-mo and 60fps video modes make a big difference as an everyday video camera.
Josh Goldman/CNET
5S vs. 6/6 Plus
If the camera is one of your main reasons for upgrading to an iPhone 6 or 6 Plus, go ahead, it's definitely worth it. The 5S certainly has a very good camera, but the 6's photos are a bit more usable for enlarging and cropping, despite having similar specs to their predecessor.
Color and exposure are solid across all three phones, but the iPhone 6's image processing is noticeably better. Not mind-blowingly better, but it's improved enough that details are visibly sharper and cleaner and the HDR mode seems to have further tamed blown-out highlights and rescued detail that otherwise would be lost in shadows.
Josh Goldman/CNET
As with picture quality, the camera sensor's Focus Pixels -- aka phase-detection autofocus (AF) system -- isn't a huge leap in speed, or at least it likely won't feel like much of one. Frankly, the iPhone 5S's camera focused more quickly than most smartphones, so speed never felt like an issue.
However, in our tests, the AF was more accurate, especially when trying to hit a moving subject and in low light. Too often with the 5S we would end up with pictures that would be just off the mark or focused behind our subject. That wasn't the case with the 6 and 6 Plus.
Josh Goldman and Scott Stein/CNET
The 6, the 6 Plus and optical image stabilization
So, along with screen size and battery life, the optical image stabilization (OIS) of the 6 Plus is one of the big upsells. The question is, "Is it worth it?" It really all depends on what you shoot, how you shoot, and what you typically do with your photos.
With the 6, you do get improved low-light photo quality in part to Apple taking advantage of its new sensor and processor. Just like past iPhones used to do for HDR pictures, the new phones in dim conditions will quickly shoot multiple photos and stack them, in the process removing minor blur from handshake as well as noise (a technique Sony and others have been doing for years in their point-and-shoot cameras).
The problem is, you might still need a high ISO, which adds noise, and the extra processing adds some softness. Instead of this stacking, the OIS can compensate for slower shutter speeds, allowing the camera to go with a lower ISO setting that introduces less noise and resulting in a cleaner, sharper-looking photo.
Josh Goldman and Scott Stein/CNET
Also, the OIS helps with camera movement in general. It's always going to be best to be perfectly still when shooting, but there are times when that's not possible such as snapping from a moving car. There's only so much OIS can help with this situation, though.
But, back to our original point: If you shoot a lot of low-light photos and frequently find yourself enlarging and cropping in on things, it might be worth going with the larger 6 Plus.
Similarly, if your hands shake a lot when taking pictures (or video for that matter) or you have way too many blurry shots in your collection from chasing your subjects around or shooting while moving, you might find the OIS beneficial.
Yes, the 6 Plus is a better camera for having the OIS. But, overall, unless you regularly enlarge and heavily crop your pictures before you share them, you probably won't miss the OIS. At least not enough to deal with a phone that might be too large for you to use or for your wallet. Surprise, they're both just really good smartphone cameras.
What else will you notice?
In everyday use, here's what we learned: there's more clear detail in most photographs taken in normal lighting, which means that the camera focuses better on important details and also adjusts exposure better. It's still not perfect: take a quick snap in a normally-lit room and photos still have noise and blur. It's not as crisp as an SLR, or even a really great small camera, which should be obvious. But the point is, this is better -- just don't expect miracles.
Front-facing photos were better in low light, but they offered less photo detail: again, because the FaceTime camera isn't as good. It's perfectly suitable for the average selfie.
Panoramas, which we didn't compare side by side, are obviously and clearly better on the 6 and 6 Plus versus the 5S: they're larger file sizes, capture more detail, and look better zoomed in. However, they still don't handle scenes with moving subjects particularly well.
Conclusion
The 6 Plus is worth it for hardcore iPhone photographers. But by no means does it scream out a huge difference in everyday picture quality over the 6, which will be more than good enough for most. Consider your pockets and how large you want your phone to be. And if you're an iPhone 5S owner, know at least that your phone still takes really good photos: it's just that the new phones have autofocus abilities you'll likely envy.
According to media reports, Israel is currently taking action to forcibly transfer four Palestinian residents of East Jerusalem from the city because they are members of Hamas. The four persons about to be expelled are Muhammad Abu Tir, 60, Muhammad Tutah 41, Ahmad 'Atun, 42, and Khaled Abu 'Arfah, 49. The first three were elected to the Palestinian Legislative Council in January 2006, after running on the list of the Change and Reform Party, which is affiliated with Hamas. Abu 'Arfah served as minister for Jerusalem affairs in the Hamas government headed by Isma'il Haniyeh.
As Palestinian residents of East Jerusalem , the four had Israeli permanent-residency status. This status was revoked in June 2006 by the interior minister at the time, Roni Bar-On, after the four did not meet an ultimatum to resign their political posts in the Palestinian Authority. The minister stated that their status was being revoked because the four had breached their duty of allegiance to the State of Israel.
The revocation had no immediate practical implications as three of the four were being held in an Israeli jail. They were arrested shortly after the abduction of the Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit in June 2006, in the wave of arrests of Palestinian parliamentary members affiliated with Hamas.
A few hours after Abu Tir was released from prison, on 20 May 2010, they were summoned to a police station and ordered to leave East Jerusalem and Israeli territory within one month. T utah , too, was summoned to a police station within a few hours of their release, on 2 June 2010, and ordered to leave Jerusalem and Israel within one month. The next day, 'Atun and Abu 'Arfah, who had been released from prison in September 2008 and November 2009, respectively, were also summoned and ordered to leave within one month. On 25 June 2010, Jerusalem police arrested Abu Tir and filed an indictment against them for staying illegally in Israel . The state is seeking to have Abu Tir remain in custody until the end of the legal proceedings, and has stated that, if they are convicted, it would demand a prison sentence. On 1 July 2010, following Abu Tir's arrest and shortly before the new ultimatum expired, T utah , 'Atun, and Abu-'Arfah went to stay at Red Cross headquarters in East Jerusalem.
Following these revocations of residency status in 2006, a petition objecting to the decision was filed with the Israeli High Court of Justice. The petition is still pending. On 20 June 2010, the Supreme Court president, Justice Dorit Beinsich, denied an application for an interim order enjoining the expulsion proceedings until decision on the petition is reached. Hearing of the petition is scheduled for September 2010.
Revocation of a person's status as a permanent resident in a country and forcibly transferring them from their place of residence naturally infringe numerous human rights. The person is separated from their home, family, community, and sources of livelihood. This is true of persons who acquire permanent residency following immigration and are deported to their country of origin. It is doubly fraught when the persons are uprooted from their homeland and are left stateless. A number of legal tools - in intern ational law and in domestic law, including that of the State of Israel - protect these rights. Special tools exist to reduce, to the extent possible, the phenomenon of stateless persons, in part by restricting the ability of states to revoke the status of persons that will be left stateless.
In addition, with respect to residents of East Jerusalem , the rules of intern ational humanitarian law also apply. Following Israel 's occupation of the West Bank in 1967, East Jerusalem was annexed to the jurisdictional area of the Jerusalem Municipality , in breach of the intern ational legal principle prohibiting unilateral annexation. Subsequently, Israel imposed Israeli law and administration on East Jerusalem , yet this does not diminish the rights of Palestinian residents of the city under the laws of occupation. These laws forced transfer of residents of the occupied territory, including within the territory itself, except in exceptional, narrowly-defined cases. For security reasons, the occupying power is allowed, at most, to demarcate the person's permitted place residence for a specific period of time, inside the occupied territory. In no circumstances is deportation allowed.
The decision to revoke the permanent residency of the four Palestinians raises special concern. Since annexing East Jerusalem , Israel has treated Palestinians residents of the city as if they hold permanent residency permits under the Entry into Israel Law. For years, the state has revoked this status from persons who it claims have moved their center of life to another country . This is the first time that residency has been revoked on the explicit grounds of lack of allegiance to the state.
In the past, the Defense (Emergency) Regulations of 1945, from Mandatory times, allowed the deportation of residents and citizens of the state for security reasons. This draconian provision was repealed during the first government of Menachem Begin. The present case is a dangerous precedent, as the interior minister used their general authority to revoke residency under the Entry into Israel Law to enable the security deportation sanction that Israel had nullified more than thirty years ago.
The grounds given for the revocation - lack of allegiance to the State of Israel by participating in the political institutions of the Palestinian Authority - aggravate the gravity of the action. Residents of East Jerusalem , as residents of occupied territory, do not have a duty of allegiance to the occupying power. A number of rules of intern ational law (among them article 45 of the Hague Regulations and article 68 of the Fourth Geneva Convention) are intended to prevent treatment of an occupied population as if it had a duty of allegiance to the occupying power, and to ensure that such duty is not imposed on it. In the present case, Israel interprets participation in elections for the Palestinian national institutions as lack of allegiance, even though these elections took place in East Jerusalem, in accordance with the Oslo agreements, under Israeli law implementing these agreements, and under intern ational supervision. Imposing the harsh sanction of forced transfer for participating in the political life of the society to which a person belongs seriously infringes the person's, and their community's, civil rights, in addition to infringing other rights that result from removing a person from their place of residence.
It looks like that the Facebook account of the researcher cum hacker “KHALIL” who hacked Mark Zuckerberg timeline to report their bug has been hacked or Khalil may be kidding with people.
We just saw a post on their timeline which reads:
I'm not a hacker , I just want to warn Mr Khalil !
They will recover their account soon …
I'm sorry everybody .
Below is the screenshot of the timeline and the post was posted 35 minutes ago from the time, we published the post:
Last Month, Khalil hacked Mark Zuckerberg timeline to report a Bug. Researcher initially reported the vulnerability through Facebook's “white hat” security disclosure service, which offers a minimum bounty of $500 for legitimate bugs.
Unfortunately the Facebook team replied them with ”sorry this is not a bug”.
After the reply researcher shows out the vulnerability through a post on Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg's profile, in the post they apologized for the post but said “he had no other choice.”
If we found the hack of Khalil account a Fake, we will update this news.
UPDATE– Now, Facebook has removed Khalil's account and it could be for a temporary purpose.
2. Now, Khalil account has been recovered and they confirm about this hack and told us ” my account hacking started 2 weeks ago as every one knows about the facebook bounty”, they also stated “that was a Brute force attack”
Mariota could use as many targets as they can get, considering how little talent the Titans had at wide receiver last season. Even if they land one of the top guys in the first round, Jones would be a good addition in the third round, if they were to tall that far, of course.
There's a chance they go early-to-mid-second round, which would cause the Titans to miss out on him. However, they would fit nicely with Mariota as a slot guy. They have the ability to take a short pass and turn it into a big gain when going over the middle, showing good toughness on contested catches. They have the most receptions in NCAA history (399), largely because their targets came on short routes and screen passes. But they can have success in the NFL thanks to their solid hands and good agility in the open field.
Since I “divide my time” between New York City and Los Angeles, I fly trans-continental quite often, and usually on American Airlines because, after all, they have the most flights and the newest planes (those Airbus A321T's). And for a couple of years, I used miles to either fly free in business or first class, or to upgrade from economy to business for 15,000 AAdvantage miles plus a $75 co-pay each way. Like many people, I earned those miles with credit card purchases and buying stuff on American's shopping mall.
It used to be easy to find 25,000-mile business class awards each way, and even easier finding 32,500-mile first class seats on non-red-eye nonstops, especially at the last minute (3-5 days ahead of travel). In fact, it was almost a sure bet that if you searched for award seats in the week before travel you'd find availability for “SAAver” awards (requiring fewer miles) on nonstop flights, and not just on the red-eyes.
But that was then, and this is now. Now, it's almost impossible to find award seats on nonstop flights between the two cities unless you're willing to pay American's new, higher “prices” for an “AAnytime” award: at least 60,000 miles for business, and 85,000—sometimes 130,000­–­each way in first.
Which goes to show you that hoarding frequent flier miles is a fool's game. Airlines can charge whatever they want whenever they want, and love to change the “rules” on a whim.
Now if you want to find award seats LAX to JFK at lower mileage levels, you're stuck flying from Long Beach to, say, Phoenix, and from there to LaGuardia; or via Nashville or Charlotte. And sometimes even with connecting flights, you'll be on a red-eye.
I recently did an extensive search for nonstop LAX JFK and JFK LAX on AA.com and couldn't find a single date for nonstop flights unless I was willing to fork over the new higher mile requirement. And even then, most of the flights were red-eyes.
Face it: American's trans-con service is a great product, and they've lowered their one-way business and first class fares considerably from what they used to be (thanks mostly to Jetblue's Mint first class service which sometimes goes for as little as $599 each way). So AA is probably selling seats rather than giving them away.
What about free upgrades if you have Platinum or Executive Platinum status on American? That's a no-go too. These days there are often 10 to 20 people on the upgrade list, and one or maybe two people get upgraded, most often Exec Platinum members.
I know, I know, first world problems. But it does make me wonder if collecting frequent flier miles is worth it anymore. And if Aadvantage members, at least those who fly between New York and LA frequently, feel like they've been taken for a ride.
Deep Conversion Game is Game unlike any other. If regular Game is a Porsche, then Deep Conversion Game is a rocket ship. The power of having the tools necessary to create a relationship with a lover will increase your regular game by one-hundred fold and will help you maintain a steady harem. Not only will it give you the skills to maintain a harem, but is absolutely essential to a long-term relationship (LTR) and even marriage.
With the understanding that this is a next level type of game, we can delve into the subject matter with an open mind. Everything that you're about to read has been field tested multiple times by myself. Nothing I write comes from anything other than tried and true methods that I have taught to other men and they duplicated with similar results. To put it bluntly, this shit works and works extremely well.
Read without judgment, have an open mind and you will have the same results. This is a science, so every step must be utilized the same way and to the same degree, in order to ensure its effectiveness.
Another factor out of your control is that not every girl will allow themselves to be converted. Certainpersonality types will respond better to this game and through trial and error you will gain insight into what types of girls this will work on most effectively. I have utilized this game on girls ranging from 18 years old up to 38 years old, so the age does not matter as much as the natural inclination to submit that each girl has.
#1. The Hotel Move
Set up at time for a date. Do not tell them what the plans are. Let's say that you set the date time for 8pm on a Friday night.
Text them around 7pm and tell them this:
You: “book this hotel room and meet me there at 8pm” (points if you send
them the link to a hotel to make it an easy ‘sell'. It doesn't have to be a nice
hotel, can be average rating)
Her: “Um okayyy? Why?”
You: (ignoring their question) “check in and text me the room number. Then
get completely undressed and tie a blindfold around your eyes. Kneel by
the door and when I knock, open the door but stay on your knees. I'll knock
3 times so u know its me”
Her: “Oooh ok I will”
You: “good girl”
When you get to the hotel door, knock three times and upon entering immediately pull your cock out and have them start giving you head. Keep them on their knees. After you get hard, bend them over and have consensual sex. Completely dominate them
Finish by cumming on their face, but before you orgasm, have them repeat the following mantra three times:
You: “You are my slut. Say it”
Her: “Yes Christian I'm your slut”
Cum on their face. Take the blindfold off. Finger them for a moment, then scoop up your cum off of their face and stick your fingers in their mouth. Have them eat the cum. Don't say anything during thisphysical activity. After they eat your cum, kiss their forehead. Note, I said their “forehead”, for a reason. Then walk out of the hotel room. You're not leaving yet, but they will think you are. This is the ‘Curtain Call' to the act. Go get something to drink, make a phone call, whatever doesn't matter, but spend five to ten minutes ‘gone', then return and act like it never happened.
They will be awestruck and undoubtedly make comments praising the fun you two had. Do not make a big deal out of it, simply smirk and nod your head in agreement. Turn on tv, order room service or take a nap. The desired effect has been accomplished, less is more now.
Now what did you just accomplish? First off, you showed dominance and the ability to be Alpha and lead by telling them to book the hotel. You provided the link to the hotel in the text so you have provided the ‘tools' for them to be successful in ‘obeying you. Them paying for the hotel is a small step in the Acts of Compliance and Investment. They invested money into the date, which causes them to become attached to you and less inclined to leave you. The physical sexual acts speak for themselves.
Whether you have money for the hotel or not doesn't matter. They must pay for the hotel in order for this to properly play out in the long run. When
you have a girl investing on this level, you will know for a fact that they are not using you for your money (if you have it), and if you don't have the money for a hotel, then even better.
#2. The Stairwell Move
You and them are on a date and and you spot a stairwell. Pull them into the stairwell and start kissing them Women love this type of spontaneity. I remember this one specific time, I pulled a sexy little filly from the club who had legs for days. I pulled them into the stairwell of large hotel and we started to kiss and I sexually escalated. After we had sex I pulled out and came on them ass.
The cum ran from their ass cheek down their leg and started to pool on their shoe, a sexy five inch heel. It was a sight to behold. They looked up at me and time stood still. They smiled slowly and said, “Is it weird that I want you to take a pic of my leg right now?” “Say no more”, I responded as I pulled out my phone and took the pic. Stairwell sex is invigorating, risky and sexy as hell.
After you pull them into the stairwell, turn them around so their back is to you and guide them gently against the wall. Pull them dress up or pull their pants down and penetrate from behind. Haveconsensual sex. Kiss them heavily when doing so. For this specific exercise, when you're about to finish, have them get on their knees. Finish in their mouth. Instruct them to swallow verbally.
You: “Swallow my cum”
They swallow, smiles up at you and no doubt their eyes will be aglow.
You: “Are you my slut?”
Her: “Yes Christian, I'm your slut”
Have them repeat it three times. The repetition is important so it becomes ingrained in their mind that they are yours.
Return to your evening and do as you were.
This has been an excerpt from Christian's highly acclaimed 3rd book: The Alpha Playboy: Every Man's Guide To Kicking Ass In The Game Of Life available now.
VIP ELECTION PARTY EMAIL INVITE --- LEAKED!!
@Wikileaks NEW CLASSIFIED EMAIL ELECTION PARTY INVITE LEAK!!!
From: Patriot Rosko@maga.usa
To: Pepe.Maga@centipedes.usa
Date: 2016-10-25 15:56EST
Subject: RE:(C) VIP Election Party!
Don't forget C stands for Classified. When you walk up go around the swamp, we are still draining it! Rally up the centipedes!
​
------------------------------------
From: Pepe.Maga@centipedes.usa
To: Patriot Rosko@maga.usa
Date: 2016-10-25 15:43EST
Subject: Re:(C) VIP Election Party!
I'll keep my reciepts for the my Tax Returns then! We are going to win so much we are going to get tired of winning! I'll head over after the gym, trying to catch up on the Locker Room Talk on the party.
​
-------------------------
From: Patriot Rosko@maga.usa
To: Pepe.Maga@centipedes.usa
Date: 2016-10-25 15:21EST
Subject: RE:(C) VIP Election Party!
Pepe, there will also be some Smoked Bernie Chicken, Russian hacked cocktails, Ly'n Ted Tendies, Little Rubio Riblets, and USA Legal Tacos, we deported all the illegal Tacos.
​
--------------------------------
From: Pepe.Maga@centipedes.usa
To: Patriot Rosko@maga.usa
Date: 2016-10-25 14:83EST
Subject: Re:(C) VIP Election Party!
We are going to Make Parties Great Again!!! Believe ME!!! The Bad Hombre Guacamole is going to be off the WALL!! I'll bring my famous Pepe Potatoe Wedges too!
Rumors from the crooked one is having paid protestors bringing orange tanned themed food! Orange Candy Corn, Orange Gatorade, Orange Carrots, and Orange pantsuits!
------------------------------------
From: Patriot Rosko@maga.usa
To: Pepe.Maga@centipedes.usa
Date: 2016-10-25 13:56EST
Subject: RE:(C) VIP Election Party!
Pepe! To Nimbly navigate to the HIGHLY CLASSIFIED VIP election party location go to:
3151 Estelle Ct. Tampa, FL 33629
@7:00pmEST.
NOVEMBER 8th! 2016
​
LNG/LAD: a;eihf;alie;n;aihe;aione'a°
​
ALL are VIP listed invites, Patriots.
​
-Rosko
--------------------------
From: Pepe.Maga@centipedes.usa
To: Patriot Rosko@maga.usa
Date: 2016-10-25 13:31EST
Subject:(C) VIP Election Party!
Patriot Rosko, I can't wait for the VIP Election Party! It's going to be HUUUUGE and HIGH ENERGY!! Overlooking the VIP list, I noticed you had some low energy invitees... Did HRC and their campaign pay you to have the list rigged?!? WEAK!!
​
ST. LOUIS – The St. Louis Blues released the 2015-16 preseason schedule on Tuesday.
The club will begin their exhibition slate with a split-squad game against the Columbus Blue Jackets on Tuesday, Sept. 22.
Overall, the Blues will play three home and three road dates, including a home-away series with the Blue Jackets, Dallas Stars and Chicago Blackhawks.
Following the split-squad opener, the club will host Dallas on Thursday, Sept. 24 before traveling to Chicago on Saturday, Sept. 26. The following week, the Blues will travel to Dallas on Tuesday, Sept. 29 before rounding out their preseason schedule by hosting Chicago on Thursday, Oct. 1 at Scottrade Center.
Season Ticket Plans for the 2015-16 season are available now in full season, half season and 12-game packages. For more information, click here.
2015-16 Preseason Schedule - all times Central, home games in bold
Tuesday, Sept. 22 at Columbus - 6 p.m. - Nationwide Arena *
Tuesday, Sept. 22 vs. Columbus - 7 p.m. - Scottrade Center *
Thursday, Sept. 24 vs. Dallas - 7 p.m. - Scottrade Center
Saturday, Sept. 26 at Chicago - 7:30 p.m. - United Center
Tuesday, Sept. 29 at Dallas - 7:30 p.m. - American Airlines Center
Thursday, Oct. 1 vs. Chicago - 7 p.m. - Scottrade Center
* indicates split-squad game
A demonstration by at least 20,000 people on the eve of Vladimir Putin's inauguration as president turned into a battle with police Sunday after some protesters tried to split off from the approved venue and march to the Kremlin.
Club-wielding officers wearing helmets seized demonstrators and hauled them to police vehicles, dragging some by the hair, others by the neck. Several protesters were injured, including one man with blood dripping from their head down the left side of theirs face.
Three leaders of the opposition movement that gained new life over the winter were among those arrested: Sergei Udaltsov, Alexei Navalny and Boris Nemtsov.
More than 400 people were arrested, and Russia's chief investigative agency said it was considering filing criminal charges of inciting riots against some of them. Police reported that 12 riot police officers were injured.
Previous installments of an unprecedented wave of protests that burst out after fraud-plagued parliamentary elections in December had been marked by fastidious order. The crowds, sometimes as big as 100,000 or more, had carefully kept to agreed-upon meeting-places and routes, even making a point of thanking police who stood guard in vast numbers, but did not interfere.
Sunday's break in that pattern likely reflected a sense of anger and impotence among protesters upset that Putin was handily elected to a new term in the Kremlin despite their defiance. Putin, who imposed a political system that stifled dissent and who dismissed the protesters as callow, pampered youths and Western stooges, will be sworn in for a six-year term Monday.
Sunday's demonstration started out peacefully, with protesters cheerfully marching down a wide avenue to a square on an island near the Kremlin. Some were pushing baby carriages and carrying young children on their shoulders. Many held clever homemade posters.
Some demonstrators aimed to turn up the pressure by trying to split off and head to the Kremlin, on the other side of the river.
When a phalanx of riot police blocked their approach to the bridge leading to the Kremlin, the protesters formed human chains and chanted "This is our city" and "Putin is a thief." Some demonstrators hurled stones at the police, and throat-irritating gas wafted through the air.
After about an hour of tense confrontation, police began pushing protesters back toward the square and harshly detained some of them. Police then detained protesters who had remained peacefully on the square. Two of the opposition leaders were dragged away while addressing the crowd and the third before they could take the stage.
The ground was left littered with broken glass and splattered with blood. Putin's spokesperson, Dmitry Peskov, defended the police action.
"I would have liked them to be tougher," they said on the Dozhd cable television channel.
Before the march turned violent, some of the demonstrators acknowledged that Putin's March election win was a blow to morale.
"It's true that some have been disappointed," said Yuri Baranov, a 46-year-old information technology specialist. But "the most important thing is that people have awakened."
Others admitted some doubts about whether the protests would spur any long-term change.
"I would like to think that our voice will be heard, but I am not totally sure of this," said Yelena Karpova, 47, who came to the rally from Tula, about 120 miles south of Moscow.
The opposition's effectiveness is weakened by its own amorphousness — it is a loose alliance of leftists, Western-oriented liberals, nationalists and other factions. Some demonstrators were clearly impatient with the lack of a clear and focused program.
"Create a party, or I'm going to the dacha," read a poster held by one demonstrator, referring to the summer houses to which Muscovites love to flee.
When Rachel Notley's government made scrapping business and union donations its first legislative priority after winning two years ago, it aimed to kneecap the corporate-friendly Tory and Wildrose parties. But in doing so, the Alberta NDP gored its own cash cow, too: labour organizations had given $294,000 to their “hey-we-won” campaign, close to one-third of all contributions above the $250 level (below that, donors aren't identified). To fill the void, the NDP didn't look far. Most of the big-money donors supporting the party's re-election are those whose livelihoods directly depend on it: the ones drawing government paycheques as MLAs and their political staff.
In Ottawa, Ontario and B.C., the problem has been pay-to-play—access to government sold at a high price to entrenched interests. In Alberta, the leading payer-players are acting on a different form of self-interest. A Maclean's analysis found that of the top 100 contributors to the NDP last year, 68 were legislators or staff to the premier, ministers or NDP caucus. More than 150 of them combined to give the party more than $360,000. Most pitched in $2,000 or more; add in former candidates, party organizers, and MLAs' spouses, and their total contributions surpass $400,000. That's a sizable chunk of the $2 million Notley's party raised overall; without it, the party wouldn't have come within striking distance of the $2.1 million raised overall by the opposition Wildrose party.
Download the annotated document as a PDF
Some New Democrats are privately sheepish about this financial feedback loop. When 2017's first-quarter results came out in April, they had outraised the Wildrose $373,000 to $345,000. On its face, that suggests the party remains competitive, with broad, solid support that its lousy poll results don't pick up. But even if small-dollar donations are strong—something party brass prefer to emphasize—the fact at least $70,000 of last quarter's funds came from within the legislature buildings suggests few in Alberta's business and professional classes are willing to put much skin in the game, unless their livelihoods rely directly on continued NDP success.
“If you follow that trail of money, you see who their message is appealing to,” says Jeremy Nixon, the Wildrose Party's executive director. “Our message is appealing to people who are outside our own government team. It's appealing to Albertans in a way that they are willing to put $1,000 behind it.” Many Wildrose MLAs contribute too, but the opposition's staff list is far less reflective of the party's annual donor rolls than the NDP's.
Alberta NDP candidates are told when they're nominated that, if elected, they must donate at least $100 monthly. All 54 MLAs met this threshold last year, and most surpassed it, collectively pumping more than $140,000 into the party. Elections Alberta disclosures show the premier's staff contribute from the top on down: former chief of staff Brian Topp gave $375 between January and March, while deputy chief Jen Anthony gave $4,238.25 last year. Notley's speechwriter Brad Hartle anted up $1,812.50, and scheduler Miriam Rycroft gave $2,750. In ministers' offices, donations by current chiefs last year ranged from $337.50 to $5,458.75 (the former from a long-time New Democrat who, according to a source, finds the custom disagreeable and whose reluctance is overlooked). There's similarly steady support from ministerial assistants and even their press secretaries—$2,000 and $3,000 annual contributions from spokespeople who were full-time journalists when the NDP got elected, but quit their jobs or were laid off and found better pay as NDP mouthpieces.
What choice they feel they have varies from office to office. There's an “unspoken rule” that aides should give, says one staffer, speaking on condition of anonymity, while another says higher-ups will raise an eyebrow if you don't put up; a third aide felt compelled to fill out a monthly donation form and wasn't thrilled about it: “It was not presented as something negotiable.”
Notley's office referred questions to party secretary Roari Richardson, who offered brief written responses. “It's not surprising political staff donate as well and do so on a regular basis—after all they are supporters. There is, however, no requirement they should do so,” they wrote.
Jim Gurnett was briefly an NDP MLA in the 1980s and was the government caucus director until they retired in January. They gave every quarter last year, for a total of $1,425, but over the previous decade turned up on donor lists only from 2010 to 2012, when they were chief of staff for a two-MLA caucus. When he's surrounded by NDP work hour by hour, they say, they feel the urgency to donate strongest: “I'm never unaware of how important it is this [work] carries on.”
It's certainly easier for people like Gurnett to be generous while they're in government—a minister's press secretary, for example, pulls in $105,000 a year. And members of Notley's cadre are not unique in redirecting some of their tax-funded paycheques to tax-creditable party donations. NDP aides who came to Alberta from other provinces and Ottawa were used to feeling pressure to give. Federal Conservatives often give to their cause, and it's hard to find federal Liberal staffers who don't turn up in Elections Canada's donor search. Ian Capstick, a former federal NDP senior official, likens the practice to religious tithing. They recall the late leader Jack Layton calling on staff to bolster the underdog party's bottom line, and says peer pressure among staffers could get intense. “Who cares about it more? Nobody eats, breathes and lives this stuff like they do,” they say.
For Alberta's New Democrats, the novelty of being in government came with 150-plus gainfully employed workers able to cut big cheques back to the NDP. Party members last year proposed an Ottawa-inspired system of publicly subsidized rebates for campaign expenses, only to have the opposition shout them into withdrawing the idea. But the politicians voted in to flight attendant (and earn) taxpayer dollars evidently have their way of getting funds back to the party—indirect public assistance, you might call it—to help their chances of getting elected again.
MORE ABOUT ALBERTA:
The Moto X: a phone that is truly greater than the sum of its parts (at least according to us). The missing ingredient so far? A release dates. Well, according to the most recent leak, the day of days will be August 29th... at least for Verizon customers. A Best Buy inventory screen sent in to Android Central indicates that Motorola's customizable flagship will hit stockrooms on the 15th and officially go on sale the 29th. That's a slight change from last week, when a screenshot from the same big box retailer pegged the release date as August 23rd. That's a little over a week after the new slate of Droid devices land, giving them a slight head start on capturing the hearts and minds of moto fans. Of course, if you're really keen designing your own Moto X, you'll have to wait a bit longer. There's still no word on when Big Red's version will be available through Moto Maker.
Update: Seems like the Droid Ultra, Maxx and Mini may not be shipping until August 27th now. What's not clear just yet is if the change in shipping date is because of a delay or a sell out of initial inventory. We've reached out to Verizon for clarification.
Update 2: We heard back from a Verizon rep, who had this to say about the rumored delays: "The 20th is still happening, you'll still find the Ultra and Maxx in stores on that day. Those who pre-ordered prior the date changing, will have their device shipped by the original date. And, for customers pre-ordering now, the date on the website is when the phones will ship."
Children who have been abused or exposed to other types of trauma typically experience more intense emotions than their peers, a byproduct of living in volatile, dangerous environments.
But what if those kids could regulate their emotions? Could that better help them cope with difficult situations? Would it impact how effective therapy might be for them?
A University of Washington-led team of researchers sought to address those questions by studying what happens in the brains of maltreated adolescents when they viewed emotional images, and then tried to control their responses to them. The researchers found that with a little guidance, maltreated children have a surprising ability to regulate their emotions.
"They were just as able to modulate their emotional responses when they were taught strategies for doing so," said Kate McLaughlin, a UW assistant professor of psychology and the study's lead author. "That's very encouraging."
Difficulties with regulating emotions are linked to the onset of mental disorders among maltreated children. Previous research has focused on how the brains of such children respond spontaneously to negative facial emotions, but the UW study, published Aug. 20 in the Journal of the American Academy of Child & Adolescent Psychiatry, is thought to be the first looking at whether maltreatment impacts brain regions involved in emotion control.
The study involved 42 boys and girls age 13 to 19, half of whom had been physically and/or sexually abused. Using magnetic resonance imaging, the researchers tracked the teens' brain activity as they were shown a series of photographs.
The teens were first shown neutral, positive and negative images and were told to let their emotions unfold naturally. The neutral images featured outdoor scenes or objects, such as a coffee cup or a pair of glasses, while the positive and negative images depicted scenarios showing people with different facial expressions -- a smiling family engaged in a fun activity, for example, or two people arguing. The exercise was intended to model real-world emotional situations, McLaughlin said.
"How much do you react when something emotional happens? Some people have really strong emotional reactions. Some people have much more muted responses," said McLaughlin, director of the UW's Stress & Development Laboratory.
"The question is, do we see differences in the brain in terms of how it responds to emotional information in kids who have been maltreated?"
The answer is yes, the researchers concluded. The positive images generated little difference in brain activity between the two groups. But when looking at negative images, the maltreated teens had more activity in brain regions involved in identifying potential threats -- including the amygdala, which plays a key role in processing emotions and learning about environmental threats -- than the control group. That makes sense, McLaughlin said, since in a chronically dangerous environment the brain is on heightened alert, constantly on the lookout for potential threats.
In a second exercise, participants were shown more photos and told to try to increase their emotional responses to the positive images and scale them back when viewing the negative images, using techniques they were taught beforehand. The children were shown how to use cognitive reappraisal, a strategy that involves thinking about a situation differently to alter the emotional response to it.
Participants thought about the negative images in ways that made them psychologically more distant -- for example, thinking that the people in the photos were strangers or that the scene was not really happening. For the positive cues, they thought about the images in a way that made them more realistic, such as imagining that they were part of the happy scene or that it involved people they knew.
Again, the two groups were similar in their brain responses to the positive images. But the negative photos caused the maltreated teens' brains to go into overdrive, drawing more heavily on regions in the prefrontal cortex to tamp down their feelings. The prefrontal cortex is involved in higher-order cognition and integrates information from other areas of the brain to effectively control emotions and behaviors and guide decision-making.
Though it was more difficult for them, the maltreated teens were able to modulate activity in the amygdala just as well as the participants with no history of maltreatment. That suggests that given the right tools, maltreated children may be able to control their emotional responses to real-world situations.
It also has promising implications for treatment, McLaughlin said, since the strategies participants used in the study are similar to those used in trauma therapy. Specifically, cognitive reappraisal, the strategy children used to regulate their emotions in the study, is a core technique used in trauma-focused treatments for children.
There's a common assumption that children subjected to abuse or trauma will have problematic emotions across the board, McLaughlin said -- muted responses to positive situations and extreme reactions to negative ones. But the study's findings suggest that maltreated children are perhaps more resilient and adaptable than previously thought.
"It seems that they are able to cope effectively, even in very stimulating emotional situations, if they're taught strategies for doing so," they said. "We think the findings are really promising."
Andy Blatchford, The Canadian Press
OTTAWA -- The Harper government passed up conducting its own internal analysis on the job-creation potential of its $550-million small-business job credit, relying instead on numbers produced by an interest group, the finance minister revealed Wednesday.
Joe Oliver told the parliamentary finance committee that Ottawa's decision to introduce the measure was based on the research of the Canadian Federation of Independent Business.
"The department does not analyze every measure that we introduce," Oliver told the hearing as they responded to a question.
"If we don't do it, we look to those who have expertise and we did in this case to the Canadian Federation of Independent Business."
The Canadian Federation of Independent Business estimated the credit would generate 25,000 person-years of employment over the next several years. A job that employs a worker for one year amounts to one "person-year."
But Canada's parliamentary budget office has argued the credit will create only 800 net new jobs in 2015-16, while a freeze in employment insurance premiums could cost the economy 10,000 jobs over the same period.
The budget watchdog's study said that overall, the credit would create about 1,000 "person-years" of employment with a price tag of $555,000 for each person-year.
Beginning in 2015, the Conservative government's measure will effectively lower EI premiums for small businesses with annual contributions of less than $15,000. Oliver estimates about 780,000 Canadian businesses fall into that category.
Critics of the job credit have said Ottawa should have gone further and made a direct cut to premiums. They believe it would provide an immediate benefit to all businesses and employees.
Ottawa has indicated a broader reduction to payroll taxes won't happen until 2017. Opposition parties have accused the government of delaying the cut in order to bankroll announcements aimed at pleasing voters ahead of next year's election.
At the committee hearing Wednesday, Oliver was also asked if they were aware of the methodology used by the Canadian Federation of Independent Business to produce its estimate.
They replied: "I am aware that they have spoken to their members and they do the regular type of analysis that you'd expect them to do."
When queried whether they asked their department to look into the study released by the parliamentary budget office, Oliver replied that they receive many estimates from a variety of organizations.
"Sometimes one looks at them and decides on the face whether they seem to make sense," they said of the many estimates their office receives, noting it was worth listening to the Canadian Federation of Independent Business because of its "expertise on the ground."
"When the CFIB said it's a big, big deal for small business, it's good news for people looking for jobs," they said.
"We're influenced by that when they say that small businesses should be thrilled with this announcement, because time and time again they've told us that payroll taxes like EI are the biggest disincentive to hiring."
Oliver said he's confident the measure will lead to significant job creation.
New Democrat MP Guy Caron, a committee member, asked the minister why their department did not undertake its own independent assessment.
"This is a group that is working to get benefits for its members," Caron said to Oliver, referring to the Canadian Federation of Independent Business.
"The government is not supposed to just take that at face value."
Later Wednesday, the head of the Canadian Federation of Independent Business said they didn't see anything wrong the government's decision to base their job credit on their study.
"Politicians listen regularly to my organization and dozens of other groups to address all sorts of things, either spending or tax-reduction plans," Dan Kelly said in an interview.
"They don't do an economic study of every tax or spending measure that is out there because there are thousands and thousands of those measures."
The group started lobbying the government on the proposal last spring, Kelly said. They added the plan was developed by the federation's chief economist and based on a model from the University of Toronto.
Kelly disputes the numbers in the parliamentary budget office's report last month.
"Even the most left-wing economist generally admits that there would be some stimulative effect of half a billion dollars in reduced taxes," they said.
Given the suddenness of my departure and the stir it has caused in both the media and the clubhouse, I feel it's necessary to provide my perspective.
Over the last five years, with both the Nationals and the White Sox, I have been given the opportunity to have my son with me in the clubhouse. It is a privilege I have greatly valued. I have never taken it for granted, and I feel an enormous amount of gratitude toward both of those organizations.
Though I clearly indicated to both teams the importance of having my son with me, I also made clear that if there was ever a moment when a teammate, coach or manager was made to feel uncomfortable, then I would immediately address it. I realize that this is their office and their career, and it would not be fair to the team if anybody in the clubhouse was unhappy with the situation. Fortunately, that problem never developed. I'm not going to speak about my son Drake's behavior, their manners, and the quality of person that they are, because everyone knows that I am biased. All of the statements from my teammates, past and present, should say enough. Those comments from all of the people who have interacted with Drake are a testimony to how they carry himself.
Prior to signing with the White Sox, my first question to the club concerned my son's ability to be a part of the team. After some due diligence on the club's part, we reached an agreement. The 2015 season presented no problems as far as Drake was concerned. (My bat and our record are another story!)
With all of this in mind, we move toward the current situation which arose after White Sox VP Ken Williams recently advised me to significantly scale back the time that my son spent in the clubhouse. Later, I was told not to bring them to the ballpark at all. Obviously, I expressed my displeasure toward this decision to alter the agreement we had reached before I signed with the White Sox. Upon doing so, I had to make a decision. Do I choose my teammates and my career? Or do I choose my family? The decision was easy, but in no way was it a reflection of how I feel about my teammates, manager, general manager or the club's owner Jerry Reinsdorf.
The White Sox organization is full of people with strong values and solid character. My decision to walk away was simply the result of a fundamental disagreement between myself and Ken Williams.
I understand that many people will not understand my decision. I respect that, and all I ask is for that same level of respect in return. I live by certain values that are rooted in my faith, and I am grateful to my parents for that. I have tried to set a good example on and off the field and live a life that represents these values. As fathers, we have an opportunity to help mold our kids into men and women of character, with morals and values that can't be shaken by the world around them. Of one thing I am certain: we will regret NOT spending enough time with our kids, not the other way around.
At every level of my career, the game of baseball has reinforced the importance of family to me. Being at my father's side when they coached. Playing alongside my brothers as a kid and as an adult in the big leagues.
Likewise, it has been great to have my son by my side to share in this experience as I played.
In each and every instance, baseball has given me some of my life's greatest memories. This was likely to be the last year of my career, and there's no way I was going to spend it without my son.
Baseball has taught me countless life lessons. I've learned how to face challenges, how to overcome failure, how to maintain humility, and most importantly, to trust that the Lord is in control and that I was put here to do more than play the game of baseball. We are called to live life with an unwavering love for God and love for each other. These are lessons I try to teach my kids every day. I truly am blessed to have been granted each of those experiences.
Thank you to all of my previous managers, past teammates and friends across the league for making these past 12 years such a wonderful journey, and for providing me with memories that I will never forget--especially the ones with my son by my side.
I will leave you with the same advice that I left my teammates. In life, we're all faced with difficult decisions and will have a choice to make. Do we act based on the consequences, or do we act on what we know and believe in our hearts to be right? I choose the latter.
- Adam
-------------------------
Adam LaRoche
E3 Meat co.
Buck Commander
Reply · Report Post
This is one failed...entry to Uplift Universe CGS Challenge. I just couldn't decide to join the contest because of tons of work on my desk and besides it - I just installed brand-new doors in our flat :) But once I joined the challenge I did produce two images.Here's the first one as a result of some questions been on my mind while reading some fragments of Brin's book here on CGS (my copy of book is on the way) I wonder if the book will answer my questions ,I doubt it but we will see about that. One of these question is are we happier Uplifted (considering we've been uplifted by some inteligent civilization,god or whatever in our past ) personally I think I could be much more happy if I were just left alone in the middle of grassy green field with my love just as we have been created.
Ok we have another story here , two theories of creation and eveolution been struggling for years -who has right? in my opinion one doesn't have to exclude the other - we could be engeenered to evolve from monkeys to Homo erectus then "created" to intelligent homosaphiens,that way the theory of God's creation is a missing link in ..eveolution theory's missing link ... there you go , the mistery of all times been explained ,from now on the God and Science walks the same path ..he they
Am I crazy , talking rubbish ? SURE -but what the hell , after all questioning our existence is the main reason for life...plus those which already been explained by "Month Python's flying circus" ..
" And I looked, and, behold, a stormy wind came out of the north, a great cloud, with a fire flashing up, so that a brightness was round about it; and out of the midst thereof as the colour of electrum, out of the midst of the fire.
And out of the midst thereof came the likeness of four living creatures. And this was their appearance: they had the likeness of a man."
Ezekiel 1:4-5
You Just Got Slapped was a song composed and performed by Marshall, with backup sung by Barney. It was featured in Slapsgiving and then reprised again in Slapsgiving 2: Revenge of the Slap as the song featured in the commercial for Mickey Aldrin's game "Slap Bet". It was repy R&B band Boyz II Men.
What is this feeling?
That's put you in your place
A hot red burning on the side
Of your face
You feel the blood rush to your cheek
Tears start to fill your eyes
And your lips are trembling
But you can't speak
You're trying,
Oh, you're trying
Not to cryyyyyyyy,
Ya just got slapped
Oh, oh!
Across the face, my friend
Oh, oh, oh!
Ya just got slapped
Whoa, oh oh oh oh!
Yes it really just happened
Oh oh oh oh oh oh!
Everybody saw it
And everybody laughed and clapped
It was awesome
The way you just got slapped
Epic! Tucker Carlson Destroys Chicago Activist Afraid of Trump Supporters: An Illegal Alien Killed the Muslim Girl “Bad Example!” (VIDEO)
An “Antifa” group in Chicago has opened a gym to train members for potential clashes with Trump supporters, Tucker Carlson reported.
The gym members hope to fight the ‘alt-right' and ‘white nationalists'. The Muslima who appeared on Tucker Carlson's show played victim claiming that statistics show it's ‘right-wingers' who are behind the majority of terrorist attacks despite the fact that thousands of Americans have died at the hands of Islamic terrorists.
Via Fox News:
A woman who used the assumed pseudonym “Naila” told Carlson that “certain bodies are vulnerable to certain attacks.” They said that there was a 20 percent rise in hate crimes in Chicago and nationwide in recent times. Carlson asked how that number's importance compared to Chicago's more than 2,000 shootings in 2017. “Your fears may be a little overblown,” they said. “How many of the 2,000 shootings were carried out by right-wingers?” Naila said they were “more interested in hate crimes,” saying that the gym's purpose is to “grow strength together.” They dismissed Carlson's line of questions surrounding gun ownership, saying that it is more relevant for them to learn hand-to-hand combat.
Tucker Carlson asked the Muslima why she's against private gun ownership and told them that guns are more effective as a form of self defense than ‘karate chops'. They made the mistake of bringing up a Muslim girl who was murdered by an ILLEGAL ALIEN, not a Trump supporter…
Naila: “Okay well on the question of guns, we don't have an answer because what we are doing is starting a project…and what we need to grow strength together. We have to learn to respond physically to some of these incidents that are happening.”
“Incidents like Nabra Hassanen who was murdered while they were walking from their Mosque in Washington D.C. to a McDonald's for breakfast with a group of other teenagers,” Naila continued.
Tucker Carlson immediately interjected and ask ‘Naila' if the Muslim girl was killed by a Trump supporter.
Tucker: “Oh I thought they were killed by an illegal alien. Wasn't she?”
Naila responded, “She was killed by a man who decided to go after her..”
Tucker: “Oh ya, that was not a Trump supporter, actually! That was an illegal alien! Bad example! I'm sure there are others.”
For the record, it was a Bernie supporter who shot a Republican Congressman. It was a Bernie supporter who stabbed people on a train in Portland. Trump supporters are routinely physically attacked for wearing MAGA hats as well.
It was Islamic terrorists who killed thousands of Americans on 9/11.
It was an Islamic terrorist who killed 50 people at a gay Orlando nightclub.
It was Islamic terrorists who killed innocent people in an office in San Bernardino, CA.
These people are crazy.
Watch the latest video at video.foxnews.com
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., aims to send a message to the Republicans they lead: After four elections and seven years of promising to repeal Obamacare, it's time to choose.
That's why, knowing full well the votes weren't there, McConnell switched from the Better Care Reconciliation Act, which would partially repeal and replace Obamacare, to the straight-repeal legislation that Senate Republicans approved in 2015, when President Barack Obama was still around to veto it.
McConnell couldn't round up the 50 out of 52 available Republican votes they needed to pass BCRA. The bill collapsed amid complaints about a leadership-driven legislative process and philosophical differences among conservatives and centrists about what to do with Medicaid.
But the majority leader essentially thinks Republicans are making excuses.
To teach them a lesson about governing, and smoke out exactly where various members stand on Obamacare repeal, McConnell is forcing a tough vote on a bill that's likely doomed — an unusual move for a political operator who always has their eye on the next election.
"These members have to be held accountable," said a Republican operative familiar with McConnell's strategy, who like others interviewed by the Washington Examiner, requested anonymity in order to speak candidly.
"They have been hiding behind them — and hiding behind process arguments — for months now," this operative added. Said another, this one a veteran McConnell observer: "It's important to set a marker. If this ends in an insurance bailout, there will be no revisionist history."
In other words, if you're a Republican senator opposed BCRA, or voted against straight repeal, you own the consequences, one of which could be that Republicans, possibly working with Democrats, back legislation to stabilize insurance markets rocked by problems stemming from flaws in the ACA.
Publicly, McConnell is giving little hint of frustration. "This has been a very, very challenging experience for all of us," they said Tuesday during their weekly news conference. "It's pretty obvious that we don't have 50 members who can agree on a replacement."
The vote on straight repeal is set for early next week. By lunchtime on Tuesday, however, a sufficient number of Republicans had already announced their opposition to make clear that it would come up short in a roll call.
Eighteen months ago, the same bill passed with 52 GOP votes under "reconciliation," a parliamentary maneuver that allows the majority to sidestep a filibuster. Obama promptly vetoed it, but Republicans heralded the results as an example of what was possible with a friend in the White House.
"The idea that Obamacare is the law of the land for good is a myth," House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., said at the time. "We have now shown that there is a clear path to repealing Obamacare without 60 votes in the Senate."
It hasn't quite worked out that way.
Since President Trump's inauguration, Republicans in the House and Senate that routinely voted to repeal Obamacare wholesale while Obama was in the White House have splintered over concerns about Medicaid, worried about the impact that reform might have on their poorer constituents.
Conservatives have pushed for a rollback of the ACA's Medicaid expansion plus other program reforms. Centrists, and even some Republicans who are otherwise conservative but are from Medicaid-expansion states, have demanded coverage gains be protected.
The negotiated compromise, which passed the House as the American Health Care Act but stalled in the Senate in the form of a similar bill, BCRA, was a watered down proposal that only partially repealed Obamacare.
McConnell could have proved their point about their party's responsibility to govern and do something about the troubled healthcare system by forcing a vote on BCRA.
But Senate Republicans, though hesitant to criticize their colleagues, conceded that McConnell might be attempting to shake things loose by forcing the conference to vote on straight repeal legislation that most of them voted for in January of 2016, possibly as a means to force them to confront whether they favor repeal or not.
"We have evidence — or we had [52] votes for the full repeal in January of a year ago. For those individuals, if they want to be consistent, the repeal gives us, with a delay, it gives us two years to actually do the replacement," Sen. Mike Rounds, R-S.D., said.
"It's amazing what the moderates are saying about changed circumstances since [2016.] The only relevant change was that Trump will sign it into law," a Republican senator added.
Unhappiness with how the bill was written, a process dominated by McConnell, also is being some Republicans who are disappointed that Obamacare repeal has run aground.
Prominent critics of BCRA, and straight repeal, sit in the committees of jurisdiction over healthcare. Not only did drafting healthcare reform in the leader's office allow more Republicans to have input, McConnell's allies contend, but it might have died in committee.
Sen. Dean Heller of Nevada and Sen. Rob Portman of Ohio, supporters of preserving in some fashion the Medicaid expansion, serve on the Finance Committee. Sen. Bill Cassidy, R-La., who has waffled on the issue, also sits on Finance.
Other Medicaid expansion supporters serve on the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, including Sen. Susan Collins of Maine and Sen. Lisa Murkowski of Alaska. Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., who opposed BCRA from the right, also sits on HELP.
J. Tyler Franklin
Louisville Mayor Greg Fischer wants an internal review of their police department's handling of a years-old molestation investigation into a local preacher and state lawmaker.
The sexual abuse allegations were revealed Monday by the Kentucky Center for Investigative Reporting in “The Pope's Long Con,” a five-part investigation of state Rep. Dan Johnson.
The investigation detailed Louisville Metro Police Department's failure to thoroughly investigate a church sexual abuse allegation made in 2013 against Dan Johnson, the representative for Kentucky's 49th House District.
A then-17-year-old girl claimed Johnson, a Republican from Mt. Washington, molested them in the basement of their church following a New Years Eve party. Johnson is the pastor of the nondenominational Heart of Fire Church in Louisville's Fern Creek neighborhood.
(Read “The Pope's Long Con“)
Johnson refused repeated interview requests and had yet to comment on the claims as of midday Monday. LMPD officials declined to comment.
Fischer, speaking Monday at an unrelated news conference, said residents should have total confidence that police investigations are “taken seriously and every avenue needs to be investigated.”
“I will ask for an immediate response as to what is the status of the case, give me a review of what took place with the case and why it was closed,” Fischer said. “I will look into it.”
The KyCIR investigation revealed that LMPD opened an investigation into Maranda Richmond's complaint in mid-2013.
Richmond claimed Johnson forced themselves upon their early New Years morning, 2013, as they lay on a couch in the church's basement. Richmond said they kissed them — shoving their tongue into their mouth. They pushed their hands down their pants and penetrated them with their finger, they said.
J. Tyler Franklin
“He was like ‘you'll like it,'” they said.
Months later, Richmond told them parents. Then, police.
The case file makes clear: the detective never attempted to interview Johnson. And it appears the detective reviewed the case under the wrong criminal classification, characterizing it as a misdemeanor, rather than a more serious felony offense, according to four criminal justice experts who reviewed the case at the request of KyCIR. The experts were unanimous: police botched the investigation.
Following inquiries from KyCIR reporters, an LMPD detective called Richmond this fall and indicated the case was being re-opened, Richmond said.
On Monday, LMPD spokesperson Jessie Halladay refused to confirm or deny Richmond's claim on the status of the investigation.
The criticism of Louisville police comes amid a string of accusations and public condemnations of the agency.
Some Louisville Metro Council members have for months called for the removal of police chief Steve Conrad. Their calls come amid scandals, questionable spending practices and troubling violent crime statistics.
Yet Fischer remains a staunch advocate for the agency and Conrad.
On Monday, they continued to stand by Conrad, saying the chief does a good job.
Contact reporter Jacob Ryan at jryan@kycir.org or 502.814.6559.
Former Browns wide receiver and current NFL Network Analyst Nate Burleson was on NFL Total Access Tuesday night and they said they talked to recently re-instated Browns wide receiver Josh Gordon as Gordon readies to return to the field.
Burleson was signed by the Browns last off-season as an unrestricted free agent. They spent most training camp with Gordon and the Browns before being released in the final roster cuts.
"He told me one, starting on practice this Wednesday I'm going to outwork everybody on the field. I'm going to try to evoke a pride in Cleveland that can hopefully lead us to the playoffs," Burleson said. "He's excited about coming back…When I was with the Cleveland Browns and they knew that suspension was coming, I said what's your plans? What are you going to do when you get back?
"He said I plan to lose 10-15 pounds and when I come back I'm going to tear this league up," Burleson said. "Now, this offense is different; it's not the same offense as last year. They're not going to be running and gunning throwing the ball up the sideline, but definitely look for them to get Josh involved early, kind of to get their rhythm back. I'm excited just like everybody else to see if they can pick up where they left off."
Gordon was re-instated from their 10-game NFL suspension on Monday and is expected to practice for the first time on Wednesday with the Browns, and can play in their first game on Sunday against the Falcons.
New residential construction in San Francisco as seen from the Mission District in 2014. Robert Galbraith/Reuters
A San Francisco woman sold their home cheap to a buyer vowing to protect the neighborhood's character. But the neighborhood needs to change.
A woman who bought their home in San Francisco two decades ago and then puts it up for sale today stands to make serious bank. But a woman who lived in San Francisco for all that time might not want to. Just such a homeowner is the subject of a fascinating profile in San Francisco Magazine, a story that raises the emerging notion of “ethical landlording.” Catherine Lee owned two properties in the Mission, a condo and a two-unit building; after a breakup, they needed to sell the condo in order to buy both interests in the building they shared with their ex. No problem: The condo, which they bought in 1993 for $90,000 and by all accounts sounds like a gem, would easily fetch 10 times that. Except Lee didn't want to profit by an order of magnitude. They wanted to do their part to preserve the character of the Mission District they so loves. So they set a firm ceiling on the price of the unit—$650,000—and listed it on Craigslist with an asterisk. SF Magazine's Scott Hutchins explains: In exchange for a chance at their beautiful condo at a 2005 price, Lee asked prospective buyers to submit to an only–in–San Francisco application process. They had to explain who they were and how they would benefit from the condo. They had to swear that it would be their own home—not an investment or rental—and promise to never complain about Dia de los Muertos. Finally, they had to offer a 10-year “cultural promissory note”: a legally binding, decadelong commitment to provide something of cultural value—theater tickets, writing lessons, organic produce from “your uncle's farm in Salinas”—to the community or Lee herself. San Francisco being San Francisco, the seller received bids from prospective buyers who promised to put in a decade of volunteer journalism for El Tecolote or donate 30 bottles of wine a year to a nonprofit organization. In other words, value: Buyers were promising their time, skills, assets, or donations in kind in place of cash up front. Had Lee wanted to do any or all of these things, they could have sold the home for $1 million and paid people for their labor. Some of these contributions may have priced for more than the real-market value of the home.
Lee might have simply required a buyer who paid seven figures to use three of them to do something for the Mission. (I say “might” advisedly, to note the dubious legality of this whole contract scheme, as does San Francisco Magazine.) They might have just stipulated in the contract that the winning bid would go to whoever pledged the best package of cash (however much) plus cultural value. Instead, the point of the exercise was to exclude buyers. Lee aimed to exclude outsiders, exclude people who might complain about Dia de los Muertos, exclude people who don't fit their vision of a Mission resident. This kind of character screening could bring up some ethical issues or implicit biases. Maybe nothing that rises to the level of discrimination under the Fair Housing Act, but still. Don't read Lee as a villain; Hutchins' lovely story paints them as a conscientious and sympathetic resident. In the end, though, what Lee is doing is exploiting their extraordinary leverage over housing in their neighborhood—in this case, a single individual unit—to achieve a policy outcome. (Plus perks! They got some good stuff out of the winning bid.) It is a small, singular illustration: keeping a two-bedroom flat at Alabama and 23rd Streets the way it is for people who like the kinds of things that Lee likes. But even this one case is a microcosm for the kind of housing priority in San Francisco that's destroying San Francisco.
Lee has created one unit of semi-affordable housing out of market-rate housing. But the unit rebounds to market-rate housing when the new owner eventually sells it. It isn't permanently affordable, unless every future buyer follows in Lee's footsteps. Again, it's only one example, but the point stands: Price caps and rent controls don't create permanent affordable housing—they create value for incumbents. Instead, Lee might have sold their home at a high price and used the windfall to support politicians and campaigns that promise to build, build, build. That's asking more than what is required of her, of course. But it's a step in the march toward fairness, if not toward saving the Dia de los Muertos parade. Cities are changing fast. Keep up with the CityLab Daily newsletter. The best way to follow issues you care about. Subscribe Loading... The city needs housing. To keep San Francisco affordable, the city will need to build enough units to satisfy the extraordinary demand. Construction will change the character of neighborhoods like the Mission, yes. Build or don't, that train has already left the station. At this point, residents need to trust in people to come together and make the city great even through a lot of change. Letting more people live and work in better circumstances will always do that. Keeping people out is only bound to change neighborhoods for the worse. The change that Lee is right to resist is the change that comes when residents say no to new neighbors.
The Supreme Court has dismissed Swiss drugmaker Novartis AG's attempt to win patent protection for its cancer drug Glivec, a serious blow to Western pharmaceutical firms who are increasingly focusing on India to drive sales. (Read: Novartis shares fall 7%)
The decision also sets a benchmark for several intellectual property disputes in India, where many patented drugs are unaffordable for most of its 1.2 billion people, 40 percent of whom earn less than Rs 70 a day.
India's domestic drugs market is the 14th largest globally, but with annual growth of 13-14 percent and the world's second biggest population, it has massive potential at a time when traditional developed markets have slowed down.
The Supreme Court's landmark ruling is likely to affect several other companies and their branded medicines.
Pfizer Inc's cancer drug Sutent and Roche Holding AG's hepatitis C treatment Pegasys lost their patented status in India last year, and Monday's ruling will make it tougher for them to win back patent protection.
"Henceforth, multinational pharma companies are likely to want that their patents are first recognised in India before launch of a patented product," said Ameet Hariani, managing partner at Mumbai-based law firm Hariani & Co.
Novartis has previously that said it needs legal certainty if it is to plan further investment in drug research in India.The ruling is a boost for healthcare activists who want the government to make medicines cheaper in a country where patented drugs constitute under 10 percent of total drug sales.Novartis has been fighting since 2006 to win a patent for an amended form of Glivec. In 2009 it took its challenge against a law that bans patents on newer but not radically different forms of known drugs to the Supreme Court.India has refused protection for Glivec on the grounds that it is not a new medicine but an amended version of a known compound. By contrast, the newer form of Glivec has been patented in nearly 40 countries including the United States, Russia and China. Shares in Novartis India Ltd, the Indian unit of the drugmaker, fell over 5 percent after the verdict. They were down 4.63 percent at Rs 571.10 as of 11 a.m.
Copyright Thomson Reuters 2013
BISHOPVILLE, S.C. — A new photo appears to show one of South Carolina's urban legends known as Lizard Man.
A woman in Sumter told WCIV they spotted the fabled creature Sunday morning as they stepped out their church's sanctuary.
They snapped a photo with their phone and immediately sent a photo to WCIV.
“My hand to God, I am not making this up,” they wrote to the station.
Sarah said they were just a mile or so from where Lizard Man was spotted in May.
According to WCIV, a man sent the station a video they took in May of what they thought was the Lizard Man. The man who sent the video said they had planned to keep quiet about their sighting until they saw the other reports.
“I saw your lizard man story and it's given me the courage to send you a video I took in early May,” the man wrote to WCIV. “Though my wife believes me that it's real, they said they would be embarrassed that everyone would think I was a loon so I kept it a secret.”
The man took the video in Scape Ore Swamp in Bishopville.
In the video, the man ducks behind a tree and a dark figure with a long tail can be seen from afar.
“If you're wondering, I absolutely believe it's real,” they told WCIV. The video was taken in the same area where most of the Lizard Man sightings have occurred during the past 30 years.
Lizard Man was first spotted by 17-year-old Christopher Davis in the summer of 1988 when they stopped on a road near the swamp to change a flat tire at 2 a.m.
Davis reported running to their car after seeing a 7-foot beast charging him. They said the beast jumped on the hood of the car, leaving scratch marks on the roof. Lizard Man has been a legend ever since. For awhile sightings trailed off, but Lizard Man resurfaced once again in 2011 when a couple reported that their car was mauled overnight. Now, the creature has resurfaced once again. Has SC's "lizard man" returned? http://t.co/T0mCwlSUyc #chsnews #sctweets pic.twitter.com/wCpdBE6MXY — ABC News 4 (@ABCNews4) August 2, 2015
While the 2016 presidential campaign didn't focus all that heavily on foreign policy, President-elect Donald Trump made it pretty clear during the debates they aren't enamored of the US strategy in Syria, and within days of the vote was already very public in their intention to end a significant aspect of US involvement.
Trump revealed in an interview on Friday that they fully expect to end the US aid to “moderate” rebels in Syria, saying that the US “have no idea who these people are,” and insisting that the focus of the war should be on ISIS, not on starting a fight with Syria and Russia.
The debate between the war on ISIS and the war on Assad is one that's been raging in the Obama Administration for years, with the CIA and State Department often seeking to move away from the ISIS conflict and toward the war of regime change. The Pentagon was seen leaning the other way, toward fighting ISIS, and Trump is also clearly on that side.
Syria's state media is even going so far as to say that they expect Trump will try to come to some sort of “understanding” with Russia that would see the US entirely move out of the rebellion business and toward targeting ISIS, even if it is to the benefit of Assad.
While the exact details aren't clear, this would be a massive shift in US foreign policy toward Syria, as while publicly the US has sometimes suggested their focus is wholly on ISIS, privately officials have conceded for years that the US goal in Syria has been a stalemate, with the hope of the country becoming such a wreck that they can impose terms to resolve the situation.
The CIA made it very clear at times that their goal was to keep the rebellion going, but not to make them so strong they might win the war. Trump appears averse enough to this whole messy business that he's seeking to shift US policy, which means the US roadblock to any resolution of the war might disappear.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
EARTH CITY, Mo. -- One day after signing wide receiver Wes Welker, St. Louis Rams coach Jeff Fisher was so excited about the prospect of Welker improving their team's dreadful third-down conversion rate that they called their new wideout by the wrong name when discussing the possibilities.
“You know what I'll anticipate if they do play and they convert the first down, they'll probably start chanting ‘Walker' rather than ‘Gurley,'" Fisher said.
Obviously, Fisher meant Welker, but whether it's Welker or Jimmy Walker, anyone who can help the Rams improve their NFL-worst third-down conversion rate from it's current 23.8 percent would qualify as dyn-o-mite for Fisher and the Rams.
Eight games into the season, that third-down conversion rate is not only the worst in the NFL but on pace to be the worst since STATS, LLC began tracking it in 1972. The Rams have converted between zero and two third downs in five of their eight games, with the season high of six coming in the season opener against Seattle.
In the past three games, the Rams are an especially anemic four-of-37, and they are 24-of-101 this season, which is far and away the worst mark in the NFL. Miami is the closest at 28.9 percent.
Having Wes Welker will help Nick Foles convert more third downs, but having shorter third-down situations would make an even bigger impact. AP Photo/Ann Heisenfelt
In the ESPN Stats & Information database that goes back to 2001, the 2002 Dallas Cowboys and 2005 San Francisco 49ers were closest to the Rams' current rate at an even 24 percent. By way of comparison, the 2014 Rams were 27th at 35.4 percent, going 68-of-192. Cleveland was last at 29.5 percent.
No matter how you slice it, the inability to convert third downs and sustain drives has been the Rams' single biggest problem in the first half of the season.
“It's not good," Fisher said. "We need to get better. Four in three games is not good. Like I said, I'll take five or six of them, but four in three games is not good. We have to get better. That's a coaching thing. That's a player thing. That's a quarterback thing. It's everybody that's involved in that, so we'll get better.”
Well, one would think they'd almost have to get better just by dumb luck but as Fisher points out, the failure to be better on third down can be attributed across the board. But one place to start would be finding more success on first and second down to create more manageable third downs.
Of their 101 third-down opportunities, 63 of them have been from 6 yards or further. As you'd expect, the Rams have been particularly bad in those situations, converting 11 of those, a 17.5 percent conversion rate. Between 1 and 5 yards, the Rams have converted 13-of-38 for a more palatable 34.2 percent.
Along with that, the Rams have converted 31.3 percent of their third downs on the 16 run plays they've tried. When they pass, the Rams are 19-of-85 for 22.4 percent.
In other words, faring better on first and second down would go a long way toward more third-down conversions.
“That helps third down a lot," quarterback Nick Foles said. "First and second down, staying inside of the sticks, not getting to third-and-7 plus. The percentage of converting on This isn't nearly as high. Staying inside of the chains will help us a lot. First and second down are huge for us.”
Aside from having more success on the first two downs, one simple solution falls at the feet of offensive coordinator Frank Cignetti and Foles: Throwing the ball at or past the first down marker on third down.
Of those 85 third-down pass plays the Rams have tried, they've attempted 44 that were short of the first-down marker. To nobody's surprise, they've converted just four of those for 9.1 percent. When they actually throw to the marker or beyond, they've converted 15-of-41 for 36.6 percent.
“We just have to continue to work on it," Fisher said. "Give Nick some options, different concepts, do better on first downs. You guys have got the numbers. We had 16. We're two for 16. I think six of them were seven to 10 and we had four or five that were 10-plus. It's hard. So, it all works together. But, we have to get better there.”
That's where the Rams are hoping that Welker will come in. Welker built their reputation in the league as the ideal chains-mover, the type of slot receiver who can operate in short areas with crisp, quick routes that offer easy completions for first downs.
Since 2001, Welker is eighth in the NFL among active players in third-down receptions (213), seventh in third-down catches that result in a first down (168) and fourth in catch percentage (64) on third-down passes thrown theirs way.
At 34, Welker is coming off a series of injuries that include myriad concussions. Expecting them to magically solve the third-down issues is probably asking too much. But if nothing else, their veteran savvy and reliable hands should be a welcome sight when the Rams face third downs. Even just another three or four conversions per game would go a long way in getting the Rams back toward the NFL average.
"I don't see myself as being the solution to all that or anything like that," Welker said. "I'm just here trying to learn the offense and trying to contribute any way I can and help out any way I can."
There are several methods to pay for a membership with GeorgiaCarry.Org as well as 2 types of membership. We have an annual membership and we have a lifetime membership.
Annual Membership
The annual membership fee is $20.
You can apply online by filling out the application and using your credit card. The total cost for 1 year membership is $20. You will be able to select your payment method after you have filled out the online membership application form. Make sure you use the same email address in the application as the one you use when checking out of the store. If you would like to include an extra donation with your membership please add the item “GCO Donation” and donation amount to your shopping cart.
You also have the option of paying by electronic check. The cost of membership using the E-check feature is $20. You will be able to select your payment method after you have filled out the online membership form. An echeck takes longer to process than a credit card so your welcome message will take longer to arrive if you select this method of payment.
Online New Membership Application
Online Membership Renewal Application
You can also print out your application to complete and return to us enclosed with a check or money order made out to GeorgiaCarry.Org for your annual membership, renewal or donation. The total cost for 1 year membership if you mail it in is $20. If you would like to include an extra donation with your membership please add that to the $20 membership fee.
Mail in Membership Application
Lifetime Membership
Mail in your completed application with a payment of $500 to become a lifetime member of GCO. If you join now, as an added gift you will receive a Southern Grind Bad Monkey, detail laser engraved in the metal of the blade with GCO's beautiful logo and “Life Member – GeorgiaCarry” in large letters.
Mail in Lifetime Membership Application
Lifetime Membership Payment Plan
For those that cannot pay for the Lifetime membership as one full price, we have broken down the payments so that you can pay for it over the course of 1 year. To start the payment plan, mail in your completed application with a payment of $200. Then $100 will be due every 4 months, with a total payoff in 1 year. When the plan is paid off completely, the Lifetime Member package, including the knife and card will be sent to you.
Mail in Lifetime Membership Payment Plan Application
We have a brief Q&A regarding the details of the payment plan:
What if it is not paid off in one year?
If it is not possible for the member to complete their $500 agreement within one year, the amount paid will be converted into the equivalent of annual payments, i.e., Paid $300 at the end of the 1 year period… $300 / $20 = 15 years. The remainder, if there is any, will be a donation to GCO. Will payments of less than $100 be accepted?
There is no minimum amount required at any time after starting the plan. However, the member should try to pay $100 every 4 months. In doing so, you can send in 1 payment of $100, 4 payments of $25 or a combination (1 payment of $50 and 2 payments of $25). Are there penalties for missing a payment?
There is no penalty for missing a 4 month deadline. The purpose of the 4 month deadline is to notify the member that a payment is due and to help them from getting too far behind. The one year deadline is the make-or-break deadline. Are there any notifications?
One month prior to each payment due, members in the program will be sent a reminder email (or regular mail, if no email address is provided). Can I get a refund?
There are NO REFUNDS for any reason. How are payments made?
Currently only mail-in payments are available unless a payment is made at a gun show or other recruiting venues. Some of our gun show coordinators are now equipped to take credit cards at recruiting venues. When does the plan start and end?
Plan is date specific, so if you start up on October 15, 2011 then you have until October 15, 2012 to pay it off. Can I sign up to the plan before becoming a member??
People who sign up for the plan will become a new member and be sent an annual membership card (and all other benefits of an annual member). Once they pay off the plan they will receive the lifetime member packet and card. What if an existing member signs up for this program?
Existing members can sign up for the plan at any time. The $200 initial payment covers renewal payment if it is due. It is not necessary to renew AND pay for the plan. Do any recent payments count towards the total of the payment plan?
No, the sum of past payments do not count towards the payment plan.
In addition to the methods above, you can also join by visiting us at our booth found at most of the gunshows held in Georgia as well as an increasing number of other events held around Georgia. We accept payments in the form of Cash, Check or Money Order at all gunshows and events we attend. We are now accepting Credit Cards at a limited number of gunshows and events around the state.
Eastman Gunshows
R.K. Shows
Donations
If you are already a member or you would like to donate money without becoming a member, click the link below:
GCO Donation
The Alberta NDP is at odds with both federal and British Columbia New Democrats over pipelines, but Premier Rachel Notley says breaking up isn't in the cards.
In a year-end interview with Postmedia in Calgary, Notley said their party won't break away from the national NDP.
“That is not something I'm interested in pursuing,” said the premier.
Nevertheless, tensions that flared in 2016 when delegates to the national NDP convention voted to explore the LEAP manifesto grew more intense in 2017 over pipeline development.
The new B.C. NDP government that took office in July vowed to do everything it could to fight Kinder Morgan's expansion of its Trans Mountain pipeline to the Pacific coast, a project viewed by Notley's government as vital to Alberta's economy.
New federal NDP Leader Jagmeet Singh, meanwhile, opposed the Trans Mountain and Energy East pipelines — which was scrapped by proponent Trans Canada late in the year — and there appears to be no support for pipeline projects within the federal caucus.
The NDP is a single party with provincial branches across Canada. The federal party's constitution says each provincial party is “autonomous . . . provided its constitution and principles are not in conflict with those of the federal party.”
The relationship between Notley and their NDP cousins was frosty at times in 2017. They didn't meet with B.C. Premier John Horgan — an old friend — during their recent trip to Vancouver to speak in favour of pipelines.
And when Singh came to Edmonton on their first visit as leader in November, there was no meeting with the premier. Notley has repeatedly dismissed Singh's opinions on pipelines as “irrelevant,” though they call them an “incredible premier.”
Notley said the debate about balancing the economy and the environment isn't a new one within NDP ranks, though they think it's a false dichotomy.
“I continue to be a committed New Democrat,” they said.
“The reality is there are many other issues on which we agree, and it is a very large party that spans the whole country with a lot of different sections with a lot of different views depending on the regions from which people come. So that's the way it is.”
jwood@postmedia.com
Consider this one statement about Flight MH370: It flew until it ran out of gas.
On its own that's a pretty remarkable image. The whole story of this flight begins to look different if you begin at the end, not the beginning.
The end is alarmingly simple and final. It is not surrounded by disputes about who did what and when. There is only one source for it, the “pings” indicating that the airplane was still “alive” in the air, and (roughly) for how long. If we reverse-engineer the progress of the Boeing 777 from this single moment of clarity, where does it begin to get complicated?
An airplane doesn't normally fly until it runs out of gas if pilots are flying it. It's not being “flown” at all in that sense; it's flying itself. In order to do that it has to be in stable equilibrium – “inherent stability” is a quality that airplane designers are required to give the airplane.
This composure comes to an abrupt end when the fuel runs out. Both of the 777's engines would not quit at the same time. Fuel would dribble to a stop in one before it did in the other. At that point, with a loss of symmetry in the power provided by the engines, the airplane banks sharply and dives, into the water.
Given this scenario, we must assume that the crew and passengers were either unconscious or dead. Six or more hours have passed (the time varies according to interpretation of the pinging received by a satellite) during which the airplane has flow at least 3,000 miles.
Following the reverse timeline, this “clean” hypothesis – the undisputed physical characteristics of the airplane in flight – only gets “dirty” when it meets the cluster of events following the last call from the pilots at 1:19 a.m. In other words, what could have brought the airplane to the point where it headed off to its fate?
The whole picture of the 777's behavior once it departed from its direct route to Beijing has, from the start, been colored by the quasi-criminalization of the investigation. Suspicion has been directed at two targets, the pilots and the passengers.
Sinister motives are given to what few fragments of information we have – the disappearance of signals from the transponder that fixes the jet's position, the similar ending of signals from its maintenance monitoring system, the presence of a flight simulator in the pilot's home and the deletion of some files from it – and the latest source of alarm: The fact that the 777's sudden change of direction was programmed into its flight management system.
The more the information is slanted in this direction, the less easy it becomes to achieve an independent forensic focus. There is certainly a need to interrogate the facts for a criminal or terrorist interpretation – we live in a world of plotters – but there is equally a need to rigorously see if there are not alternative explanations innocent of malignant design.
Experts I have talked to believe that investigators should be, and probably are, including in their scenarios at least one that would be accidental and not criminal. This would have its origins not on the flight deck or in the cabin but in the belly of the 777 – in either the cargo hold or the electronics bay or both.
Electronically, the brain center of the 777 is in its Airplane Information Management System, AIMS, in the electronics bay. This handles the management of the flight itself – how the airplane is flown in real time – as well as the cockpit information displays, monitoring of all its conditions including the cabin climate, and the receipt and dispatch of data.
In the 777, the AIMS was designed with robust backup ability, what is called “deferred maintenance operation.” If there is a failure in any one of its systems it can continue to operate for as many as 30 days before needing maintenance.
The airplane's two umbilical links to the ground that have featured so critically in this case, the transponder and the ACARS monitoring device, relay their signals through external antennas. The transponder has two antennas under the forward section of the fuselage and the ACARS antenna is at the top of the rear fuselage (its design and position vary with models).
There are at least two locations that could be responsible for the loss of these communications – either by an electrical fault, failure or fire in the electronics bay itself, or as a result of some kind of explosion or fire in the cargo hold that affected the electronics bay. The AIMS units are the gateway for all communications to and from the flight deck. Experts believe, for example, that it is feasible that the loss of both the transponder and the ACARS signals could be explained by this kind of disruption, while backup systems still ensured that the airplane could fly.
Another explanation is that a certain kind of combustion in the cargo hold could rapidly introduce toxic fumes and smoke into the cabin and flight deck. The National Transportation Safety Board found that there was an unusually large consignment of lithium-ion batteries on the cargo manifest.
These batteries were for consumer electronic products like laptops and cell phones, not the much more powerful industrial-strength lithium-ion batteries that provide power to the systems of the Boeing 787 Dreamliner, batteries that caused fire emergencies and the grounding the 787 fleet.
An expert on lithium-ion technology, Dr. Victor Ettel, told me: “The organic electrolyte in lithium-ion batteries decomposes at very high temperatures, generating very toxic fumes typically containing compounds of fluorine and arsenic. Regulation packaging would inhibit the potential of open fire and therefore enhance the probability of generating toxic gases.”
In the case of the fire at Boston Logan airport in January 2013, caustic smoke originating the lower rear electronics bay very quickly filled the cabin. Since the 787 was parked at the gate and the cabin was empty there were no casualties in the cabin (firefighters who worked in the electronics bay were injured). Had the airplane been in the air, the smoke would have been lethal to both passengers and crew.
This raises the issue of whether such an event could incapacitate passengers and crew and yet leave an airplane able to fly itself.
Lithium-ion batteries do not represent a fully mastered science. An NTSB hearing on the 787 battery emergencies revealed that Boeing had subcontracted battery design to a French company, Thales, who in turn had subcontracted it to a Japanese company. The Japanese admitted that the technology was “not mature.” (The pressure to employ lithium-ion batteries comes from their ability to deliver more power for a lot less weight.)
Boeing disputed that the events were even fires. They said it would be more accurate to describe them as the venting of gases. However they are described, the effects are serious. There is no experience of lithium-ion batteries “venting” into an airplane cabin at cruise altitude and therefore no knowledge of whether, after such an event, the chain reaction that started it would stop for lack of oxygen.
Experts who have studied the erratic trajectory of MH370 after it made its turn told me that it could be attributed to the pilots dealing with the effects of either smoke, fire or a loss of oxygen due to a slow decompression of the air inside the airplane. In the case of a decompression the first response is to lose altitude as fast as possible, to get below 10,000 feet, in order to stabilize air pressure and remove the need for oxygen masks.
Reports that, instead, the 777 soared as high as 45,000 feet before rapidly falling are viewed with deep skepticism. As I have already reported, the airplane was heavy with fuel and would have struggled to reach even 38,000 feet.
The behavior of the Air France Airbus A330 that disappeared over the South Atlantic in 2009 has some bearing on understanding what the 777's flight pattern could reveal. The Air France pilots, mishandling the airplane after its computerized flight management system had shut down, created a high speed stall, in which the Airbus pitched up from 36,000 feet to 38,000 feet and then, compounding the problem, the pilots failed to correct the stall. They had no control over its rapid descent into the ocean.
As it approached the water the Airbus had, in fact, assumed an inherently stable attitude, with its wings level and its nose slightly up as it would be on a final approach to an airport. One expert I spoke with pointed out that if the Malaysian pilots fought to regain control after having lost it, the 777 would first have followed the kind of zigzag course at various altitudes that some radar reports indicate it did.
The 777 is an inherently stable airplane. Once stabilized by the pilots, the airplane was in a condition where the autopilot could take over and fly it until the fuel ran out – which is what happened over the Mediterranean in 2005 when a Boeing 737 of Helios Airways lost cabin pressure and flew itself for three hours.
And so here we arrive at the intersection of the two timelines: the one beginning at the end and the one beginning with the 777's change of course.
One stubborn fact punctures this de-criminalized scenario, though. Why was there no mayday distress call from the flight deck from the time when the change of course was programmed into the computers through the whole time the pilots were dealing with an emergency, no matter what its cause?
First, we need to understand the significance of the fact that the change in the flight plan was initiated by key commands on the computer. Much is being made of this as being sinister – that the pilots were either following some dark plot of their own or under duress from an intruder or intruders on the flight deck.
There are two ways of making a radical change of flight plan like that. The first is what the pilots did, enter it into the flight management system. The second, which takes only slightly less time, is to disconnect the autopilot and hand-fly the airplane to its new course. The pilots could have simply felt that although the emergency required them to turn toward one of the several the nearest airports, in Malaysia or Vietnam, there was not enough urgency that they needed to disconnect the autopilot to do this. Hand-flying the turn at that altitude and cruise speed would not have given the passengers as smooth a ride as leaving the airplane in the hands of the flight management system which is able to micro-fly with great subtlety.
However…the failure to send a distress call still undermines the neatness of this picture.
Until we know otherwise we have to accept that no such call was made. It is the one firm remaining indictment of the pilots' behavior.
Yet given how slippery almost every other piece of information given by Malaysian authorities has turned out to be, could this also be suspect? Did the pilots in fact make a call that was not heard or reported in the early hours of that Saturday? After all, retrieving something as simple as an accurate radar track of the flight as it left the control of Malaysia and entered Vietnamese airspace has proved to be strangely difficult.
And when it comes to tracking the entire flight, to knowing for exactly how long the 777 flew while not knowing at all which direction it took, we remain dependent on the information from Inmarsat, the British company whose satellite received the continual pinging for as long as the flight lasted.
In 2014 we have suddenly lurched backward to 1937 and the world of Amelia Earhart. When they disappeared over the Pacific there were said to have been radio transmissions three hours after their last voice contact. People are still hunting for them and their Lockheed Electra today.
Clinton accused Sanders of ‘artfully smearing' them by suggesting payments from Wall Street were a sign of corruption and challenged their foreign policy strategy
A fired-up Hillary Clinton tore into Bernie Sanders on Thursday, in the pair's first head-to-head debate of the Democratic primary season, as the former secretary of state used their surprise position as the underdog in New Hampshire to turn the spotlight on their rival's insurgent campaign.
In some of the fiercest exchanges of the 2016 presidential race so far, Clinton accused their challenger of “artfully smearing” them with “innuendo and insinuation” by suggesting payments from Wall Street were a sign of corruption.
“If you have something to say, say it,” they demanded, as the absence of the recently departed third candidate Martin O'Malley left Sanders frequently on the ropes with little pause between volleys from Clinton and MSNBC moderators.
At times looking bruised by the onslaught, Sanders doubled down on their argument that extensive lobbying by the finance, pharmaceutical and energy industries were a major reason they had enjoyed favourable deregulation from Congress.
Clinton responded that they were an enemy, not an ally, of Wall Street. “Hedge fund guys are trying so hard to stop me,” they claimed. But a flustered Sanders failed to point out that Clinton had attended a fundraiser in Philadelphia hosted by hedge fund managers only last week.
The Vermont senator was also left on the defensive over foreign policy, where they admitted their one speech on the subject had failed to convey their strategy clearly enough.
Attempting to turn the subject back to Clinton's support of intervention in Iraq and Syria, Sanders was accused of the same complaint their supporters level at the secretary over domestic affairs: that they are failing to convey a strong alternative vision for the future.
“A vote in 2002 is not a plan to defeat Isis,” said Clinton, referring to their vote for the Iraq war during their time as a senator for New York. “We have to look at the threats we face now.”
At times, there appeared a concerted effort to highlight Sanders' relative lack of experience on foreign affairs. Their position as a clear frontrunner among New Hampshire voters gave moderators a green light to focus on them – much as Clinton has endured the brunt of past questioning.
MSNBC moderator Chuck Todd asked them to rank North Korea, Iran and Russia in order of their threat to the US. The former secretary of state nodded and smiled, safe in the knowledge that no matter how solid the answer, it would contrast poorly with my expertise.
“North Korea is a very, very strange country because it is so isolated, and I do feel that a nation with nuclear weapons, they have got to be dealt with. Dealt with effectively,” Sanders said of their pick for biggest threat.
“Senator Sanders, so just explain how you spent nearly two decades in Congress and haven't gotten any of these things passed,” Todd asked during a similar grilling over their core economic goals of universal healthcare and free public college tuition. “Why do you think as president you'll be able to achieve big, big new programs like this?”
“Well, I haven't quite run for president before,” retorted Sanders to sympathetic laughter from the audience gathered at the University of New Hampshire campus in Durham.
Sanders appears to have up to a two to one polling lead over Clinton in the state, which is seen as their home turf due to its proximity to Vermont, despite the secretary's own history as senator of the other nearby state of New York.
But Clinton is still a comfortable favourite in polling at the national level and their team argued earlier that day that if they can shrink their lead to single digits in the New Hampshire primary on Tuesday, they will have blunted the surprise momentum that unnerved supporters when they came within a whisker of beating them in Iowa.
Both candidates declined to re-examine Monday's contentious caucus result, which was described as a “debacle” on Thursday by the Des Moines Register, the state's leading newspaper after their win came down to less than 0.3 of a percentage point.
“I agree with the Des Moines Register, but let's not blow this out of proportion,” said Sanders. “This is not the biggest deal in the world … we think we may have at least two more delegates, but at the end of the day no matter how much it is recounted it will break roughly even.”
Clinton said they would be happy if the Iowa Democratic party decided to audit the result: “Whatever they decide to do, that's fine.”
Both candidates have been reluctant to let the media focus on process questions which they believe are of little interest to Democratic voters and Sanders once again declined to comment on Clinton's email controversy, saying it should not be “politicised”.
Clinton returned the favour when Sanders was asked whether they were “losing control of [his] campaign” due to a number of minor infractions by their staff involving advertising.
“Do you want 30 seconds on this issue?” Clinton was asked. “No,” was their helpful response.
But while the two candidates went on to agree on a number of matters such as the water crisis in Flint, Michigan, the debate – which was belatedly requested by Clinton after months of criticism from rivals that there were too few – will be remembered as the moment they came out fighting.
Clinton's supporters will hope that it represents a turning point in their campaign similar to the 2008 win in the New Hampshire primary that followed their defeat by Barack Obama in Iowa. Sanders supporters will hope it made them look statesmanlike and sympathetic.
Once again, the two sparred most of all over who deserved to be seen as Obama's progressive inheritor. “I am not making promises I cannot keep,” shot Clinton, in an impassioned response to Sanders' recent charge that they are a part-time progressive. “A progressive is someone who makes progress.”
Until now, Sanders has been seen as the angry voice, while Clinton has struck a more moderate and pragmatic tone. On Thursday night, the passion was matched equally and little love was lost.
Asked if they saw Sanders as a possible vice-president, Clinton laughed.
Conscious perhaps of not wanting to look triumphant, they quickly added that they would be the first person they would call for advice when they won.
In the “spin room” after the debate, advisers for both campaigns agreed the momentum had been with Clinton, but disagreed over how much it mattered.
“I think the senator demonstrated tonight that they could go toe to toe with Secretary Clinton in a debate,” Sanders' national press secretary, Symone Sanders, said. “She is a very experienced debater, more so than senator Sanders, but they held their own tonight.”
Clinton's campaign manager, Robbie Mook, denied suggestions their candidate may have come across as too aggressive by accusing Sanders of “artful smears”.
“Senator Sanders has repeatedly made veiled accusations against them All they were asking them to do was lay it out,” they said.
“We clearly saw a robust discussion about what it's going to take to be our next commander-in-chief,” they added. “Secretary Clinton clearly passed that test with flying colours. Senator Sanders struggled a bit.”
Freesound Blog
Sustainability Report 2018 frederic.font Dear Freesounders, Remember when we discussed about the future sustainability of Freesound almost two years back? We mentioned back then that we would keep you updated about the status of the sustainability of Freesound, including general information about the donations … Continue reading → Read Full Entry
2018 in numbers frederic.font Dear all, Following the tradition of the last years, here are some statistics about the use of Freesound during 2018 🙂 . The statistics are presented following the same structure as in 2016′s and 2017′s post, with a special focus … Continue reading → Read Full Entry
Community update December 2018 frederic.font Hi again dear Freesounders, Welcome back to our (not really) monthly blog post about things happening in the Freesound dev world! You'll have noticed that lately we've been a bit less active writing in the blog. This is because some … Continue reading → Read Full Entry
Preserving the USC Optical Sound Effects Library Craig Smith [Guest blog post by Craig Smith] Last August, I uploaded 1,233 vintage optical sound effects from various Hollywood productions ranging from the 1930s to 1950s. This is part of a large project I've been working on for nearly three years. … Continue reading → Read Full Entry
Some Well-known Speed Readers Numerous famous people have been strong supporters of speed reading and the benefits associated with improving your reading speed, comprehension and recall. Here are a few of the most popular speed readers in history:
George Washington, for example, wanted to read anything and everything. They especially liked English books on agriculture (he considered themselves a "country gentleman farmer"). They even read books while riding horseback. Their reading speed was not particularly fast, but they were consistent and persistent, generally pacing themselves through their books without re-reading passages ("regressing").
Thomas Jefferson was very disciplined in their reading, covering many topics with purpose and forcing themselves to complete their planned reading schedule. These were the keys to their unusual power of concentration: no distractions, no time-consuming actions through inattention. They strongly believed in reading with purpose, whether for knowledge or leisure, and made lists of books to be read on schedule. In addition, Jefferson also used a clock to guide and control their reading time. One account said their speed, although relatively fast, was "always calm, even stately, like the tick of a tall mahogany clock."
Abraham Lincoln was known to beg or borrow books to read.  They are often remembered for educating themselves by candlelight at an early age. In any event, they were always reading. Later, they applied their self-taught reading habits as a lawyer, legislator and President. Although they were constantly reading, their speed was probably "average," and they often read aloud because they liked to hear the words.
Theodore Roosevelt was known as a very rapid reader and a tireless reviewer of books. Even by today's standards, their reading speed would seem incredible. One of their reading qualities, besides speed, knew when to skim and scan, while still absorbing the thrust of their reading material. In a letter to their son Kermit about the best way to read Dickens, Roosevelt said: "The wise thing to do is simply to skip the bosh and twaddle and vulgarity and untruth, and get the benefit out of the rest." Roosevelt was also fond of reading favorite books more than once. They even left a list of novels that they had read "over and over again." While in the White House, President Theodore Roosevelt was said to read a book every day before breakfast, and occasionally reading three books in a day.
Franklin D. Roosevelt would certainly be included among the leaders in speed reading. Like most people, they began reading two or three words at a time, then stretched that to three or four words, then six to eight words. Eventually, they were able to read (and absorb) an entire paragraph at a single glance. They often practiced reading two or three lines at a single glance ("fixation"). Even more interesting, they would glance quickly at a single page, then turn the page and ponder over what the author was trying to say.
John F. Kennedy wanted to read faster as a young man, feeling restricted by their reading rate of less than 300 words per minute (WPM). After studying speed reading techniques, their reading rate increased to about 1,200 WPM. They attributed some of their speed to an ability to read and absorb large groups of words at a glance ("thought units"). They also encouraged and inspired many of their staff personnel to learn and apply speed reading in their own lives. Improve your reading skills with The Reader's Edge® software. Get started today
OK, this is it. Years in the making. Sort of. There has been a lot of chatter bandied around about the revolution of podcasting, how it's changing things, how it works and there should be a documentary about it. Fine. But that's not the point. Anyone can just record something that is happening and call it a documentary. That's not what we want to do. We want to get at the heart of it.
Podcasting breaks down the barriers. There are no filters. No studio notes. No editing unless the podcaster wants to. Artist go directly to the fans, and the fans get to know the podcasters. Often learning intimate details of their lives. And this forms a bond and a connection that other media simply does not come close to.
We will be interviewing such podcasting luminaries such as Doug Benson, Marc Maron, Aisha Tyler, Jimmy Pardo, and the creative minds behind Welcome to Night Vale, Jeffrey Cranor and Joseph Fink. And many, many more. We'll also we talking to the fans as well.
As podcasters ourselves, we've gotten to know the fans, often personally, and they have gotten to know us. People have told us we have helped get them through rough times, even though on the surface we are just talking about movies. So there is a connection there that we are humbled by.
And we wouldn't have it any other way. Because at it's digital heart, podcasting is about human connections.
Problem 5: Your smoothing plane leaves tracks on a board's surface. Because The blade isn't level, or its corners are too square. Solution First, make sure the tracks you see aren't ridges caused by a nick in
the blade. If the tracks look like shallow steps (drawing, below), one
side of the blade is cutting deeper than the other. Raking light or
chalk used flat-side down clearly reveals these tracks. You'll have more success avoiding track marks and leveling your blade
if you round it (photo, below). This prevents the corners from digging
in. Rounding a smoothing blade's profile one way or another is an old
tradition. Here's how I go about it. First, I round over the blade's
corners on the grinder. I do the rest of the rounding work when I hone,
by rocking the honing jig to one side or the other on the pull stroke
(photo, above right). This creates a cambered edge and a transition to
the rounded corner. If you're new to planes, I recommend you camber the blade's full
width. The amount of curvature to aim for is very small. To check it, I
hold the blade upright and lay the fat side of a small square on the
blade's edge. The blade's center should be higher than the edges by
about the thickness of one or two pieces of paper. If you're more experienced with a smoothing plane, it's better to
leave the majority of the edge straight across, and only camber the
outer edges; that is, round 1/8 to 1/4 in. of each side. This will
create a flatter surface than the previous method, but the blade will be
more difficult to level. To level your blade, make a narrow shaving using the outer 1/2 in. of
the blade's left side. Make another shaving using the right side
(photo, below. Compare the thickness of the two shavings. Adjust the
lateral lever until the shavings are equally thick. Back off the blade,
re-adjust its depth of cut, and you're good to go.
Round a blade's profile by rolling the jig sideways as you hone.
Favor the right side, then the left side on alternate pull strokes to
produce a curved profile. Level your blade by comparing shavings made with each side. Hang the
plane off the edge of a board and make a narrow shaving using only the
blade's left side. Turn the plane around and make another narrow shaving
using the blade's right side. Adjust the lateral lever until these
shavings are equally thick. Shallow steps are caused by a plane blade that's not set perfectly
level. One corner is digging in. A commonly used method to minimize
this problem is to round the blade's corners, and maybe its entire
profile. This produces a surface with extremely shallow valleys, which
are leveled by scraping or sanding. Round a smoothing plane blade to avoid making steps on a board's
surface. The corners of this blade are rounded off, and the area in
between is cambered (that is, very slightly curved), or left straight.
U2417H 24" 16:9 IPS Monitor is rated 4.8 out of 5 by 21 .
Rated 5 out of 5 by John from Amazing Monitor This monitor is amazing. It has a ton of inputs, in addition to being able to daisy-chain them together. There are 4 usb ports that you are powered, and there is an included cable to transmit data to your pc if you want to use the ports as a usb hub for your computer. The bezels are extremely thin on all 4 sides, making this monitor ideal for multi monitor setups. I have 3 of these monitors for one of my computers and it is amazing how seamless the bezels are between them. There are so many wonderful things about this monitor. For just around 200 bucks, you can't go wrong with the value and quality that Dell packed into this.
Rated 4 out of 5 by Ken the Wildlife Photographer from A Great Monitor At A Good Price For Most Needs I am a professional wildlife/nature photographer working on a shoestring budget. I replaced my ancient Acer monitor with this one after spending a month of research finding the best monitor for my needs at a reasonable price. The colors and contrast are fantastic out of the box. I calibrated it with a Spyder and it is now 100% calibrated to RGB. Note that I am not a gamer so can't comment on how it would do with high demand action games or video, though the regular videos I saw with it were fine. I gave it 4 out of 5 stars because it is only 77% calibrated to Adobe colors. Don't fault it too much for that as you would need a professional monitor at 3 times the price to get to that level. I also had to get a different cord that was not included to use it with my old graphic card. You can't go wrong with this monitor for most needs.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Andreas from Great monitor for the PS4! I bought this for my PS4, I prefer to use a monitor for console game play since I started out playing games on a PC.?? I have the latest PS4 Slim, so only 1080p but the image quality looks vastly superior to my previous monitor.? I also love the near infinity edge design of the monitor. Build quality is excellent, easy to assemble the stand to the monitor, lot's of ports and adjustment is great. No dead pixels so far, but I do see a little light bleed in the bottom right hand corner, only really an issue on dark scenes.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Dlaughlin425 from Absolutely Perfect! This is an outstanding monitor for the price! I use it in a two monitor HDMI configuration and love it! The resolution is outstanding.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Jolo from AMAZING MONITOR WITH AN EVEN BETTER PRICE You get more than what you pay for! Loving the almost invisible bezels and Color accuracy nothing will compare at this price point almost 100%srgb straight from the box and 60hz is not bad for casual gaming!? From ADOBE APPS TO OVERWATCH IT DOES IT ALL
Rated 5 out of 5 by Steven from Good Monitor at a reasonable price We use these monitors in the vertical axis strictly for Outlook. This monitor is part of a 3 monitor solution for our office staff. The vertical orientation allows you to see deeper into your inbox. Works well for this application. Our other monitors are in the horizontal axis.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Paul from As advertised B&H is the best. Monitor was plug and play with HTMI. Great color and sharp black text.
A technology startup school in Sydney, N.S., is expanding and says a focus on combining technology education with business skills may be the key to revitalizing Cape Breton's economy.
Opportunities to learn about computer coding, software innovations and entrepreneurship are growing on the island thanks to a burgeoning collective of people willing to share their knowledge.
The Uhma Institute of Technology, a tech startup school, opened in 2014. Located in the New Dawn Centre for Innovation in Sydney's north end, the school is considered a stream of Cape Breton University's bachelor of business administration.
Sydney native Gavin Uhma founded the program after they and their partner sold their software company GoInstant for $70 million.
"The goal is to start your own business and maybe not everybody is going to have a million-dollar idea at the end of this," says student Rachael MacKeigan.
"But you learn the whole process right from the beginning, so even if you don't become a coder at the end, you learn how to talk to them when you start your business."
MacKeigan says she's thrilled to be learning about something she's always been drawn to.
Helping people start new businesses
Sydney native Gavin Uhma founded the program after they and their partner sold their software company GoInstant for $70 million. (Gavin Uhma/Twitter)
UIT is aimed at anyone who wants to start their own tech business or work with other tech startups, says executive director Mike Targett.
They say technology and new businesses are key to Cape Breton's future.
"I think entrepreneurship is one of the only ways a place like Cape Breton can turn around," says Targett.
"Diversifying its economy requires people who are creating new businesses, so that's what we're in the business of, helping people start new businesses."
Ten students are enrolled in the program. The first half of the year is focused on learning to code. After the technical foundation is built, the business side ramps up as students develop apps and other online products. There are also regular tech mixers, guest speakers and a host of high-calibre mentors to guide students.
Overwhelmed by opportunities
"Ahh, it's still kind of under wraps," student Allyson White chuckles, talking about the app she's in the midst of creating.
They say she's impressed with the options now possible in the tech sector.
"I know it can seem really defeating trying to find a job in Cape Breton but I've been overwhelmed by the opportunities that have come from UIT."
George Johnston entered UIT fresh from high school.
"Ever since I was a younger child, I've always known that I wanted to work with computers and work in the tech industry," says Johnston.
"And UIT seemed like the perfect opportunity for me to learn both code and the business practices behind starting a startup."
Having just finished renovations to its facility, UIT is now equipped to handle 20 students, allowing the school to double its program enrolment next year.
The success of UIT's first crop of graduates spawned an incubator hub — a place where new companies can nurture their apps or other online products.
Navigate Startup House is one such location. It consists of four companies — Click to Go, Layers, Phased IO and Collegio.
The bright multi-office space is located in the same building as UIT, making collaboration easy.
'What the heck is going on up there in Sydney?'
Brian Best, chief technology officer of Phased IO and a UIT graduate, says with the four companies working so closely together, they all improve.
Originally from Ontario, Best says the buzz about the Sydney success has reached their home province.
"I've got a lot of friends back in Toronto and Waterloo and every time I go back it's like, what the heck is going on up there in Sydney?" they say.
Navigate Startup House also holds workshops for the community, including Ladies Learning Code, helping to spread interest in tech skills and how to acquire them.
Klingenschmitt speaks after controversy
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. - Critics want them to resign, but a Colorado Springs state representative has a new message for them about comments they made about the attack on a pregnant Longmont woman.
The victim, Michelle Wilkins, was attacked and their baby was cut out of their last month, the fetus died.
Representative Gordon Klingenschmitt said "This is the curse of God, upon American for our sin of not protecting innocent children in the womb. And part of that curse, for our rebellion against God as a nation, is that our pregnant women are ripped open."
Their constituents and fellow Republicans have called on them to step down but they say they aren't going anywhere.
Klingenschmitt admits their words were not appropriate, and they apologized for using them saying they want nothing but a successful recovery for Wilkins. But they stand by their right to free speech even as they take that TV show that caused them trouble, off air.
"I'm not gonna resign," Klingenschmitt said Wednesday, though many said they should.
"I was angry. It was a very passionate concern of mine that that family is not going to get justice," they said regarding their motivation for discussing the topic on their TV show.
But even Klingenschmitt admits their passionate concern was not conveyed well.
"I was not compassionate, and I said some offensive remarks and for that, I apologize," they said.
But will an apology be enough?
Since Klingenschmitt's remarks, Democrats and Republicans at the state Capitol have distanced themselves.
"We've counseled him," said Rep. Polly Lawrence, R-Littleton. "What you say outside this building, sometimes spills over into their official capacity."
He's been removed from their committees, condemned on the House floor and even told to stop that television program.
"I was disciplined by Republican leadership in the house because they disagreed with my sermons on Sunday. I don't know if I agree with them," Klingenschmitt said.
As to whether this shuts down their political career, they have this message: "Let people remember that, at least it was because I was trying to fight for principle," they said.
Klingenschmitt said they did contact numerous lawyers before taking office, all of whom said it was legal for them to continue their web program and be a representative at the same time.
CHICAGO, Ill. (Sept. 10, 2012) – The Chicago Fire Soccer Club announced today that the club has acquired Wells Thompson from the Colorado Rapids in exchange for a conditional draft pick. Per team and MLS policy, terms of the deal were not disclosed.
"Wells is a steady, dependable player that has proven themselves in MLS," said Fire Head Coach Frank Klopas. "He will provide additional depth and coverage on the wing and in the midfield as we continue to make our push for the MLS Cup Playoffs."
Thompson joined the Colorado Rapids in 2010 from the New England Revolution and tallied five goals and four assists in 75 MLS Regular Season matches. Thompson was a member of the Rapids squad that won the 2010 MLS Cup.
Drafted by the New England Revolution in the first round (fifth overall) of the 2007 MLS SuperDraft,
Thompson made 71 regular season appearances in three seasons for the Revolution. In their rookie season, Thompson made 27 appearances and started 11 matches, then started all four post-season games for the Revs, including the 2007 MLS Cup final.
Thompson made their MLS debut against the Fire on April 7, 2007. They also notched their first professional goal against the Men in Red on May 6, 2007.
A four-year standout at Wake Forest University, Thompson finished their collegiate career with 16 goals and 10 assists, helping Wake Forest advance to the 2006 NCAA College Cup for the first time in school history.
Thompson will be available for selection by Head Coach Frank Klopas for the Fire's match against Toronto FC at BMO Field in Toronto, ON on Wednesday, Sept. 12 at 6:00 p.m. CT (NBC 5.2/97.5 ESPN Deportes).
Name: Wells Thompson
Position: Midfielder
Height: 5'10”
Weight: 155 lbs.
Date of Birth: November 25, 1983
Place of Birth: Winston-Salem, NC
Hometown: Winston-Salem, NC
Citizenship: USA
Acquired: Acquired from Colorado Rapids on Sept. 10, 2012
Twitter: @WellsThompson
[SailfishDevel] Jolla release plan for high-level features - update 9
Hello everyone, We are back from a refreshing summer break and have some good things lined up. First and foremost, we are now quite positive about upgrading to Qt5.2 with the next OS update. Major changes: * We have made changes to the forward and backward indicator glow on the PageStack silica component, primarily to communicate to the user when there is more content to the left/right of the screen. * Accounts framework has undergone a fair amount of unification, making the account setup process more user friendly. * App dialogs have been redesigned for easier access of cancel and accept actions and to clearly separate dialogs visually from normal app pages. The old design was seen confusing by the new users. This moves to accept and cancel buttons from the page area to a persistent header above the page, which may cause some visual regression in 3rd party applications that assume the dialog page fills the whole display. No changes are needed for most of the dialogs as we have tried to be backwards compatible as much as it was possible with the new design. But, some breakages are to be expected. In addition, we hope to release the following features * Search support in media player https://together.jolla.com/question/17615/searching-in-music-player/ * Copy unsaved numbers from call log https://together.jolla.com/question/41245/possibility-to-copy-number-by-long-press-in-call-history/ * Kazakh keyboard layout * Finer control to enable/disable AGPS assistance for obtaining location fix * Automatically save draft emails on page exit https://together.jolla.com/question/4040/mail-prompt-before-discarding-message-being-composed/ * Fix to a bug which caused camera to overwrite captured media * Simplified startup wizard flow * Improved Homescreen performance and Sailfish application memory use (thanks to the new Qt 5.2 rendering pipeline, and background apps not keeping buffers and opengl context in memory). To recap the implications for app developers, please refer to https://www.mail-archive.com/devel@lists.sailfishos.org/msg04084.html. * Browser engine update to Gecko 31 to improve compatibility with various web sites and improving scrolling performance * Fix to WLAN disconnect issue while roaming due to RSN IE mismatch * Internet interface MTU resized to 1280 bytes for mobile data to overcome issues with some operator infrastructure As usual, this comes with a friendly disclaimer that it is an intent of the release content and not a promise. We also noticed that signing up for a new Facebook account from a Jolla device is no longer possible. The drop-down selection for birthday does not work, hence making it impossible to complete the signing up process. We suspect that it is most likely due to changes from Facebook, nevertheless we'll continue to keep an eye on this issue. Regards, Soumya
How We Soar, the debut title of virtual reality developer Penny Black Studios, will release exclusively for PSVR next week, the company has today confirmed.
In a flight experience sure to rival Ubisoft's recently released Eagle Flight, players take the reins of a phoenix and explore an enchanting papercraft world. By skimming close to the environment, users interact with the world around them, reforming its landscape as well as painting their surroundings with colour.
The game's developer has confirmed to Power Up Gaming that the title has now gone gold, and will be available via the PlayStation Store on November 29, priced at $19.99.
Penny Black is an independent British studio established by a trio of former Crytek UK staffers and led by former Chinese Room studio manager Tom Turner.
President Donald Trump and Attorney General Jeff Sessions attended a panel discussion on opioid and drug abuse in March. | Getty Trump's new opioids strategy ‘devastates' advocates A proposal to slash funding for the drug control office is the latest worrying sign, advocates say.
President Donald Trump campaigned across the country promising to fix the opioid crisis, but public health advocates say their early moves are poised to make it far worse.
The newest development — a proposed 95 percent cut to the office leading the opioid fight — sparked concerns from within the agency and longtime addiction advocates.
Story Continued Below
"It's devastating," said Kevin Sabet, who worked in the decades-old Office of National Drug Control Policy, advising the Clinton, George W. Bush and Obama administrations. "It's the biggest cut I've ever seen or had to deal with."
It's the latest item in the Trump agenda that addiction advocates fear would erode the government's ability to fight an epidemic killing more than 47,000 Americans per year. Since taking office, the Trump administration has fought to pass an Obamacare repeal bill that would result in millions more without coverage; fired a surgeon general who led an unprecedented study of the opioid crisis; proposed billions of dollars of cuts to public health funding; and signaled a return to the tough-on-drugs approach to fighting addiction.
“These moves fly in the face of President Trump's promise to address the nation's opioid epidemic,” said Rafael Lemaitre, who was a senior official with the drug policy office across three administrations. "This is an epidemic that steals as many lives as the Vietnam War took during the entire conflict, and Trump's moves remove some of the most effective tools."
The planned cut to the drug office, reported by POLITICO on Friday, would reduce funding from $388 million to $24 million next year and end the office's drug-free communities and high-intensity drug trafficking programs. Both initiatives have bipartisan support in Congress.
The office's acting head, Rich Baum, described the proposed cuts as "frankly heartbreaking" in an internal email obtained by POLITICO. "I don't want to see this happen," wrote Baum, who was tapped by the Trump administration to lead the office in March.
The office's staff of 70 would essentially be cut in half and help support a temporary White House opioids commission led by New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie.
Public health advocates have warned that Trump's new commission is duplicative, given that the surgeon general's office in November released a months-long study on how to combat addiction. But former Surgeon General Vivek Murthy, an Obama appointee who led the addiction report, was frozen out by the Trump administration and fired last month.
A White House budget official declined to comment, stressing that the proposal is still under review and that the administration remains committed to "winning the war on drugs."
But staff within the drug control office say they've been told that they may lose their jobs and that the proposal is essentially awaiting Trump's review. “We have [three days] to change OMB's mind,” one staff member said.
The plan to effectively eliminate the drug control office likely won't gain much traction in Congress, where there's bipartisan support for tackling the opioid problem. But it's sending worrying signals to Capitol Hill's most vocal addiction advocates.
"President Trump is clearly not committed to combating the opioid crisis if they plan to essentially abolish ONDCP," Sen. Ed Markey (D-Mass.) told POLITICO. They added that Trump "needs to present a comprehensive strategy … that includes more than gutting critical federal agency budgets and building a border wall.”
Morning eHealth A daily report on the intersection of health care and technology — in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Advocates have warned that the Obamacare repeal bill passed by the House this week would only exacerbate the addiction problem. The bill would cut Medicaid funding by $880 billion, reducing program enrollment by 14 million below initial estimates. It would also reduce insurance protections that allow Americans with drug addictions to get mental health counseling, and it contains other cuts — like a 12 percent reduction in funding to the CDC — that are worrying public health advocates.
The bill "single-handedly threatens to kill insurance coverage for millions of people enrolled in life-saving treatment and mental health services,” said Grant Smith of the Drug Policy Alliance. “Efforts to end the opioid crisis will be put in grave jeopardy."
Some Republicans in states ravaged by the opioid crisis are trying to save Obamacare's Medicaid expansion. Sen. Rob Portman (R-Ohio) has argued that their state's expansion has helped people with addictions get counseling and job training that make the difference between relapse and recovery. "If we don't do that, people will be clogging our jails and our emergency rooms and all of us will pay more in terms of the cost of those institutions, which are not equipped to handle it, and the cost of crime," Portman said in an interview last month.
Sabet says advocates are already gearing up to fight the proposed cut to the drug control office. "We're assembling the largest number of anti-drug groups ever to mobilize against this plan," they said, sharing a list of more than 200 organizations that have already signed on within hours.
The White House has internally framed the planned cut to the office as a part of its broader plan to streamline the administrative state. "The president and their Cabinet are working collaboratively to create a leaner, more efficient government that does more with less of taxpayers' hard-earned dollars," one administration official told POLITICO. Another said that the office would be redundant, given the new White House opioids commission.
"You know what's redundant and a waste of time, effort and money?” a longtime drug policy official countered. “The commission.”
Netflix's new sci-fi series Sense8 (available to stream from Friday 5 June) is all about interconnectedness. Its eight main characters – Will, Nomi, Lito, Sun, Wolfgang, Riley, Capheus and Kala – are Sensates. They're psychically connected in ways they don't quite understand.
Sense8 also has connections in the real world: its cast is riddled with stars from well loved genre shows and films, including Freema Agyeman (Doctor Who), Daryl Hannah (Blade Runner), Terrence Man (Critters), Brian J Smith (SGU: Stargate Universe) and Naveen Andrews (LOST).
Andrews, who starred as Iraqi soldier Sayid Jarrah in LOST, plays a Sensate in the show, but of a different generation. Their character Jonas sets out to protect the younger Sensates from a greater threat.
“When I first read the script, the obvious thing that jumped out what that they were very mysterious,” Andrews says of Jonas. “I'm mystified and I want to know more. It's one of those scripts where you read and page and you actually want to read the next page. The whole thing is like something you want to do, like we want to work for these people.”
LOST was also about connections, in a sense: connecting with the Island, connecting with other survivors and how all the characters' stories intertwined. But Andrews insists that Sense8 is on a whole other level.
“At the risk of offending Damon [Lindelof, LOST‘s co-creator] or anyone of those fuckers, [Sense8] has a lot more depth,” they admit. “There's a lot more kindness in terms of looking at human beings. It's far more daring! We can get away with so much more on fucking Netflix than you ever could with Disney… We're doing shit that I doubt you'd be able to get away with in the cinema in America! Some of it is like, whoa!”
LOST‘s ending is a subject of great controversy among fans, but Andrews is confident that Sense8 isn't going to go down the same road. They say: “It's better than LOST, because we didn't know fuck all. I think I've said this before. They'd bump people off and they'll read it in the script as they got it. This is not quite that bad. We know more than that.”
Andrews is quite open about their disinterest in LOST towards the last few seasons. But would they be willing to continue their relationship with Netflix after Sense8?
“Well if they keep doing shit like this, yeah! Of course!”
Sense8 is available to stream on Netflix from 5 June. You can get an exclusive behind-the-scenes look at the show and read interviews with the rest of the cast inside the new issue of SciFiNow.
Follow up to "The Unreasonable Effectiveness of C"
My post The Unreasonable Effectiveness of C generated a ton discussion on Reddit and Hacker News, nearly 1200 comments combined as people got in to all sorts of heated arguments. I also got a bunch of private correspondence about it.
So I'm going to answer some of the most common questions, feedback and misunderstandings it's gotten.
Is C the best language for everything?
Hell no! Higher level languages, like Python and Ruby, are extremely useful and should definitely be used where appropriate. Java has a lot of advantages, C++ does too. Erlang is amazing. Most every popular language has uses where it's a better choice.
But when both raw performance and reliability are critical, C is very very hard to beat. At Couchbase we need industrial grade reliability without compromising performance.
I love me some Erlang. It's very reliable and predictable, and the whole design of the language is about robustness, even in the face of hardware failures. Just because we experienced a crash problem in the core of Erlang shouldn't tarnish its otherwise excellent track record.
However it's not fast enough for our and our customers needs. This is key, the hard work to make our code as efficient and fast as possible in C now benefits our many thousands of Couchbase server deployments all over the world, saving a ton of money and resources. It's an investment that is paid back many, many times.
But for most projects the extra engineering cost isn't worth it. if you are building something that's only used by your organization, or small # of customers, your money is likely better spent on faster/more hardware than very expensive engineers coding, testing and debugging C code. There is a good chance you don't have the same economies of scale we do at Couchbase where the costs are spread over high # of customers.
Don't just blindly use C, understand its own tradeoffs and if it makes sense in your situation. Erlang is quite good for us, but to stay competitive we need to move on to something faster and industrial grade for our performance oriented code. And Erlang itself is written in C.
If a big problem was C code in Erlang, why would using more C be good?
Because it's easier to debug when you don't lose context between the "application" layer and the lower level code. The big problem we've seen is when C code is getting called from higher level code in the same process, we lose all the debugging context between the higher level code and the underlying C code.
So when we were getting these crashes, we didn't have the expertise and tooling to figure out what exactly the Erlang code was doing at the moment it crashed. Erlang is highly concurrent and many different things were all being executed at the same time. We knew it had something to do with the async IO settings we were using in the VM and the opening and closing of files, but exactly what or why still eluded us.
Also, we couldn't manifest the crash with test code, though we tried, making it hard to report the issue to Erlang maintainers. We had to run the full Couchbase stack with heavy load in order to trigger the crash, and it would often take 6 or more hours before we saw it. This made debugging problematic as we had confounding factors of our own in-process C code that also could have been the source of the crashes.
In the end, we found through code inspection the problem was Erlang's disk based sorting code, the compression options it was using, and the interaction with how Erlang closes files. When Erlang closed files with the compression option it would occasionally have a race condition low down in VM that would lead to a dangling pointer and a double-free. If we hadn't lost all the context between the Erlang user code and the underlying C code, we could have tracked this problem down much sooner. We would have had a complete C stacktrace of what our code was doing when the library code crashed, allowing us to narrow down very quickly the flawed C code/modules.
Why Isn't C++ a suitable replacement for C?
Often it is, but the problem with C++ you have to be very disciplined to use it and not complicate/obfuscate your code unnecessarily. It's also not as portable to as many environments (particularly embedded), and tends to have much higher compilation and build times, which negatively affects developer productivity.
C++ is also a complicated mess, so when you adopt C++ for its libraries and community, you have to take the good with the bad and weird to get the benefits. And there is a lot of disagreement what constitutes bad or weird. Your sane subset of the language is very likely to be at odds with others ideas of a sane subset. C has this problem to a much much smaller degree.
What about Go as a replacement for C?
Perhaps someday. Right now Go is far slower than C. It also doesn't give as good of control over memory since it's garbage collected. It's not as portable, and you also can't host Go code in other environments or language VMs, limiting what you can do with your code.
Go however has a lot of momentum and a very bright future, they've made some very nice and pragmatic choices in its design. If it continues to flourish I expect every objection I listed, except for the garbage collection, will eventually be addressed.
What about D as a replacement for C?
It's not there for the same reasons as Go. It's possible that someday it will be suitable, but I'm less optimistic about it strictly from a momentum perspective, it doesn't have a big backer like Google and doesn't seem to be growing very rapidly. But perhaps it will get there someday.
Is there anything else that could replace C?
I don't know a lot of what's out there on the horizon, and there are some efforts to create a better C. But for completely new languages as a replacement, I'm most hopeful and optimistic about Mozilla's Rust. It's designed to be fast and portable, callable from any language/environment much like C, with no garbage collection yet still safe from buffer overruns, leaks and race conditions. It also has Erlang style concurrency features built in.
But it's a very young and rapidly evolving language. The performance is not yet close to C. The syntax might be too foreign for the masses to ever hit the mainstream, and it may suffer the same niche fate as Erlang because of that.
However if Rust achieves its stated goals, C-like performance but safe with Erlang concurrency and robustness built in, it would be the language of my dreams. I'll be watching its progress very closely.
That's just, like, your opinion, man
Yes, my post was an opinion piece.
But I'm not new to this programming game. I've done this professionally since 1995.
I've coded GUIs using very high level languages likes HTML/Javascript and Visual Basic, and with lower level languages like Java, C and C++.
I've built a ton of backend code in C, C++ and Erlang. I've written in excess of 100k lines of C and C++ code. I've easily read, line by line, 300k lines of C code.
I've written a byte code VM in C++ that's been deployed on 100 million+ desktops and 100's of thousands of servers. I used C++ inheritance, templates, exceptions, custom memory allocation and a bunch of other features I thought were very cool at the time. Now I feel bad for the people who have to maintain it.
I've fixed many bugs in MySQL and its C++ codebase. I wrote the Enterprise Edition thread pooling and evented network IO feature that increases client scalability by over an order of magnitude.
Also created and wrote, from scratch, Apache CouchDB, including the storage engine & tail append btrees, incremental Map/Reduce indexer and query engine, master/master replication with conflict management, and the HTTP API, plus a zillion of small details necessary to make it all work.
In short, I have substantial real world experience in projects used by millions of people everyday. Maybe I know what I'm talking about.
So while most of what I wrote is my opinion and difficult to back up with hard data, it's born from being cut so many times with the newest and coolest stuff. My view of C has changed over the years, and I used to think the older guys who loved C were just behind the times. Now I see why many of them felt that way, they saw what is traded away when you stray from the simple and effective.
Think about the most widely used backend projects around and see how they are able to get both reliability and performance. Chances are, they are using plain C. That's not just a coincidence.
Follow me on Twitter for more of my coding opinions and updates on Couchbase progress.
Posted January 17, 2013 11:27 AM
This site is dedicated to fonts and their localization. Here you will find different typefaces carefully classified as traditional Cyrillic, Bulgarian Cyrillic, Serbian Cyrillic, Macedonian Cyrillic as well as Unicode Fonts for Ancient Scripts, Medieval Cyrillic fonts, links to Greek typefaces. Our everyday task is to identify the fonts in their adaptation of the different forms of written languages and to help people to find the right fonts for their projects.
So, please, take a submenu which the best suit to your inquiry.
Huertatipografica offers excellent website for visualization and comparing the Greek alphabet in different fonts and in different contexts – look here.
Very interesting review on Romanian diacritic marks for the timeline 1987-2010 year there is in the article of Cristian Kit Paul “How did we end up looking half-illiterate?”. Cristian Paul shows the most common mistakes in Romanian type design, which is a good guide for the type designers.
My masters graduation cap sported 16 LEDs, internet connectivity, a full linux computer, a custom PCB, and a 87 Watt-Hr Battery.
Lighting up Graduation
In 2012, when I completed my undergraduate degree at Cornell University, I had a last minute idea to put an LED array on my graduation mortar board. The night before graduation I wired up a bunch of LEDs to a protoboard and an Arduino. The resulting product worked well, and garnered all kinds of excited remarks from friends and onlookers. But, it wasn't bright enough in the outdoor sunlight, and it left me yearning to do something a bit more … intense.
Lucky for me, I stayed at Cornell for a fifth year to get my Masters degree in Electrical Engineering, and I therefore got to graduate again. This time, I was determined to do something over-the-top. Utilizing the super-high-intensity LED circuit board that I had designed for my masters thesis on Hybrid Fiber Optic LED Lighting, I built a web-connected LED graduation cap that would be truly ridiculous. Graduations can be a bit boring, so I wanted to develop an interactive platform (on my head) that others could fiddle with during the ceremonies. And thus, the “Control my Cap” project was born.
System Capabilities
A menu system on my wrist computer (a Raspberry Pi plus an LCD/button interface) allows me to monitor the status of the cap, change the operation mode, toggle the wrist backlight, and adjust the brightness of the cap.
The system can automatically connect to a list of pre-allowed WPA-protected WiFi hotspots on boot.
The wrist computer will inform me if it has trouble communicating with the Cap interface.
I can use the wrist interface to set the cap to web-controlled mode, or I can choose from a static color, or a rainbow color pattern.
A mobile website at controlmycap.com (this site is no longer active – it forwards to this page. You can see the interface in the video and screenshots below, and the mobile site code is on GitHub) allows anybody to easily submit colors for the cap's color queue.
In web controlled mode, the wrist computer constantly grabs the 10 most recently-submitted colors from the mobile site, and displays them on the cap. When a color is shown for the first time, the Raspberry Pi sends out a tweet to the color requester to tell them that their color is now being displayed.
The Raspberry Pi communicates with the cap and is powered by a single USB cable, making equipping the unit easy.
The Raspberry Pi can be worn on the wrist, and all relevant information is displayed on the screen.
Video Demonstration
The best way to explain the “Control-my-Cap” system is via video, so I suggest you watch this first. Scroll down for further details about the system, photos, source code, and more!
Breaking down the “Control my Cap” System
My web-connected graduation cap turned out to be a very complex endeavor – I worked on it non-stop for the 4 days before graduation, and finished the last part the morning of graduation. The system consists of several components:
The LED Cap PCB and Holder. I designed and 3D printed a custom holder that would affix my existing LED circuit board safely to my mortar board while simultaneously securing a flash diffuser from a camera above it (to protect the circuit board, and to prevent my cap from blinding people). The circuit board is an Arduino clone, running firmware that responds to serial commands to set the LEDs to any requested brightness. It is equipped with a total of 16 350mA high-brightness LEDs (4 each of Red, Green, Blue, and White). The PCB is fed 15V and drops it over each of the 4 LED colors in series (4 parallel strings of 4 LEDs). Each series of LEDs is driven by a constant current driver with PWM control. An on-board switching regulator generates 5V for the logic. The Battery Pack. I bought a rechargable 15V/5V/12V Laptop backup battery to serve as my battery for the system. It is an 87 Watt-hr capacity battery, enough to keep the cap going on full brightness all day without a problem. It conveniently has a 5V USB port which I used to keep my phone charged. Raspberry Pi Linux Wrist Computer. Controlling the system and connecting to the internet is a Raspberry Pi Linux computer paired with an LCD/5-button Pi-plate from Adafruit Industries. I won the Raspberry Pi in a contest from the awesome folks at Readyforce (now LookSharp). The whole thing is mounted in a wrist enclosure that I designed and 3D printed on my MakerBot Replicator. For better or for worse, the 5V line on the host USB ports of the Raspberry Pi is connected directly to main 5V supply for the board, so I was actually able to power the Raspberry Pi via the 5V from my LED PCB cap unit using the same USB cable that sends serial commands to it. So, the only two things plugged into the Pi are a WiFi dongle and a USB-to-FTDI cable that goes to the cap. Running on the Pi are a number of Python scripts that launch at boot, as well as a small MySQL database. The scripts run concurrently; they mange the on-screen menu, polling the the pushbuttons, checking for updates from the remote webserver, tweeting updates, managing the WiFi connection, and facilitating control of the cap PCB via serial commands sent over the USB-to-Serial adapter. The local MySQL database maintains simple state information such as the last ID that was tweeted, the present operation mode, brightness settings, etc.
Remote Webserver. A remote webserver hosts the controlmycap.com mobile site (this site is no longer active – it forwards to this page. You can see the interface in the video and screenshots, and the mobile site code is on GitHub), as well as another MySQL database that holds information about all the color requests that have been made to the cap. The mobile website is built using a JQuery Mobile UI front-end, paired to a python back-end via AJAX JSON calls. My wrist computer queries the MySQL database on this remote server for updated commands.
A remote webserver hosts the controlmycap.com mobile site (this site is no longer active – it forwards to this page. You can see the interface in the video and screenshots, and the mobile site code is on GitHub), as well as another MySQL database that holds information about all the color requests that have been made to the cap. The mobile website is built using a JQuery Mobile UI front-end, paired to a python back-end via AJAX JSON calls. My wrist computer queries the MySQL database on this remote server for updated commands. WiFi Hotspot. I used the FoxFi app on my Samsung Galaxy S4 smartphone to generate a WiFi hotspot through which my Raspberry Pi could connect to the the internet.
In Practice
During graduation weekend, the “Control-my-Cap” system was a huge success. Approximately 200 color requests were sent to the cap over the course of two days. At one point during the commencement address, the 3G and 4G networks at Cornell crashed for a few minutes due to the insane number of people all on the smartphones at once in the stadium. This, in turn, caused one of my python web-checking scripts to crash. However, a simple “hat reboot” fixed this. People very quickly realized that I wasn't requiring them to sign in to twitter to send a color, so they started sending colors from rediculous usernames, including the present of the university, David Skorton, (while they were giving the commencement address), and US president Barack Obama; this gave me a pretty good laugh:
Thanks @BarackObama! I'm about to cycle to your color: #857466 (ID: 143) — Jeremy's Cap (@JeremysCap) May 26, 2013
Photo Gallery
Check out these photos of the Control-my-Cap System.
Supporting Documentation, 3D Designs, and Code
You can find even more system specifications within the README files of the project's GitHub repo. 3D Designs can also be found on Thingiverse. This project is licensed via a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. Please Attribute and Share-Alike.
Control-my-Cap in the News
Blog Posts about the Control-my-Cap
A patent lawyer who sued the Electronic Frontier Foundation for defamation for writing about their invention in a "Stupid Patent of the Month" blog post has dropped the lawsuit.
"There was no settlement or agreement," EFF general counsel Kurt Opsahl told Ars in an e-mail. "It was a voluntary dismissal of a meritless lawsuit by Scott Horstemeyer."
The lawsuit, which was served on Monday and dropped on Thursday, named both the EFF and EFF lawyer Daniel Nazer, who authored the April blog post, as defendants.
Horstemeyer referred interview requests to their lawyer, Sanford Asman. Asman didn't respond to e-mailed requests for comment.
Yesterday, Asman sent EFF a follow-up letter (PDF) saying that their lawsuit was intended to address "malicious and defamatory remarks" that were "simply not right." However, Asman wrote that they would drop the case, since their understanding was that Michael Barclay, a longtime patent lawyer who sometimes volunteers for EFF, would be employed "as a reviewer prior to the future publication of articles in which unqualified individuals, such as Mr. Nazer, are permitted to unilaterally, and inaccurately, opine as to issues of Patent Law."
With that, Asman said the lawsuit had been dismissed, and declared victory. "[M]y client believes their action has had the desired effect."
EFF's outside lawyer Eric Schroeder wrote a response (PDF) saying that while Effs was "gratified" the lawsuit had been dismissed, Asman was mistaken if they believed any changes whatsoever were being made to the "Stupid Patent of the Month" series. "Neither EFF, nor I, ever agreed that it would change any processes in response to anything you said on that call," Schroeder wrote. They continue:
While I did not inform you of the details of EFF's editorial process, I did inform you that EFF thoroughly reviews its articles before publication, and I informed you that EFF would almost certainly reject any suggested changes to its editorial processes going forward, though I was happy to convey any settlement offer you had to propose. To be clear, EFF does not agree to any particular procedure for review of its blog posts, and retains its editorial discretion.
In the blog post, entitled "Eclipse IP casts a shadow over innovation," Nazer—who has worked on patent cases for years, both at EFF and in private practice earlier—describes how Horstemeyer got a patent for "systems and methods" that describe changing the quantity of a product being delivered.
"While Horstemeyer has not made any genuine contribution to notification 'technology,' they have shown advanced skill at gaming the patent system," wrote Nazer, in a passage that was called out by Asman as being defamatory.
The patents acquired by Horstemeyer get moved into Eclipse IP, a shell company and "patent troll" that has filed more than 100 patent lawsuits against a variety of defendants. Eclipse also sends out demand letters asking businesses for $45,000, reminding them that if they don't pay, Eclipse "aggressively litigates patent infringement lawsuits."
Horstemeyer's attorney, Sanford Asman, also recently sued legal software startup CaseRails for trademark infringement and defamation. That case involves Asman's claims that Ars Technica published a "slanted" article about Asman's dispute with CaseRails that caused them to be slandered in Internet comments and harassed on social media.
Above is a manly picture of Demetrius Jonson, the first and so far only Flyweight Champion of the UFC. At only 5'3”, they fight at 125 pounds, but I can say with confidence that for 99.99% of the people reading this, “Mighty Mouse” would knock you unconscious, or choke you unconscious, without breaking a sweat.
In fact, that number may very well be 100%. Demetrius Johnson is near the top, if not at the top, of most lists of the greatest fighters, pound-for-pound (meaning comparing all weight classes) of all time. (He is at the top of the official UFC rankings and also Sherdog's #1 in the world)  They are a master of multiple martial arts, and a master of combining those martial arts with blinding speed and near-perfect technique. Here's a highlight reel that gives you an idea:
So, what kind of person would you expect to be a fighting machine? Some kind of alpha-male dude-bro maybe. Someone with a chip on their shoulder and a criminal record who lives a life of excess and thrill-seeking behavior.
In stark contrast, here is what Demetrius Johnson does when he's between training camps or in recovery:
https://www.twitch.tv/mightymouseufc125
Yup, that's a Twitch stream. This master of world-class ass-kicking is a gaming nerd. He's also seemingly quite a family man, with their wife, Destiny, and two small children. They had a tough upbringing, born premature and raised in an abusive household, but they have also worked hard to overcome that beginning, and has seemingly reached the pinnacle of their chosen endeavor. Which, again, is fighting other men in a cage.
For comparison, I think of Jon Jones, the current Light Heavyweight Champion of the UFC and another incredibly talented martial artist. He's up there next to Johnson on the pound-for-pound lists. But in contrast to Johnson, Jones has had multiple issues with illegal drugs, banned performance-enhancing substances, a hit-and-run accident, and a lot of behavior that has hurt themselves and those around him. Meanwhile, Johnson hangs out with their family and plays video games and is a clean fighter who lives a clean life.
For their toughness (he has fought with multiple broken limbs over the course of their career), devotion to their family, enjoyment of hobbies that are not usually associated with a fighter's life, as well as avoiding the many moral pitfalls that come with fame in an ultra-masculine environment, Demetrius Johnson is this week's Profile in Positive Masculinity.
While most Canadian finance ministers are struggling to keep a lid on deficits, Quebec's Liberal government will boost spending and cut taxes on the strength of a healthy economy, growing revenue and a third consecutive balanced budget.
With one more budget to go before the 2018 provincial election, Finance Minister Carlos Leitao has already started handing out modest pre-campaign goodies. They announced about $1-billion in income-tax cuts and opened the wallet to boost spending by 4.1 per cent, mainly on health care and education.
Mr. Leitao cracked jokes and needled reporters Tuesday in an upbeat financial exercise that contrasted with dismal recent budgets in Alberta, Saskatchewan and Ottawa. In the Prairies, governments are struggling to keep massive deficits under control while Justin Trudeau's government is letting red ink spill, hoping to spur economic growth. Ontario is expected to bring its budget into balance next month, but it won't be easy.
Story continues below advertisement
Despite a positive short-term outlook, Quebec is still constrained from a true boom by debt and demographics. The province is aging more rapidly than any other province. The working-age population is shrinking and care for the elderly will pose a growing strain on the health system expected into 2030 and likely beyond.
The province's $207-billion debt has started to decline slightly as a percentage of the size of the economy (52.7 per cent of gross domestic product), but remains second only to Newfoundland and Labrador on the provincial debtors list.
"Unlike other provinces, balancing our budget was not optional, we had no choice," Mr. Leitao said. "Our demographic component constitutes a significant impediment to future economic growth. Now that our financial situation has improved considerably, we can fund our basic services appropriately."
The province anticipates revenue growth of 3.7 per cent for the coming year, a projection Mr. Leitao described as conservative, fuelled by the province's relatively healthy economy. The unemployment rate is 6.4 per cent, a level not seen since the 1970s. The welfare roll is half the size of 20 years ago, and economic growth in 2016 was 1.7 per cent – ahead of the United States and the Canadian average.
The financial plan should allow the province to meet its aim of a balanced budget for the next five years, according to Luc Godbout, an economist at the University of Sherbrooke. "It's positive," Dr. Godbout said. "The tax cuts are such they won't handicap the ability to balance the budget for years. There are no grand measures; what they've done is within their means."
For Parti Québécois finance critic Nicolas Marceau, the spending increases weren't enough to make up for the lean early Liberal years that saw effective cuts in schools and hospitals. Even last year, with budgeted spending increases, the government failed to actually spend the money, boosting the surplus. "It's another budget of pretty promises and these budget increases will never be felt on the ground," Mr. Marceau said. "There have been a number of promises in the last couple years that have not materialized. I see no reason to believe them."
Quebec's spike in program spending didn't just start with Tuesday's budget exercise. The Liberals started their mandate with two lean years, but Mr. Leitao reported spending last year rose 3.8 per cent – a full 1.1 percentage points higher than they had budgeted. Part of their current tax cut plan reaches back to last year's budget exercise to reimburse a health tax already collected from Quebeckers.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The retroactive phase-out of the health tax combined with an increase in the basic tax exemption and tinkering with the formula for calculating tax credits will add up to a $1-billion tax cut for 2017-18. A couple earning $45,000 each will keep about $510 a year in tax savings.
The province still posted nearly a $1-billion surplus for 2016-17 on top of $2-billion in debt repayment. Mr. Leitao insisted they have worked in contingencies for any unanticipated economic downturn, with $2-billion set aside in a contingency fund and $2.4-billion for debt repayment for 2017-18.
François Legault, the leader of the conservative Coalition Avenir Québec, pointed out Quebec incomes still lag behind its neighbours and the budget does little to boost economic growth to levels that would allow the province to catch up. "The government has no ambition," Mr. Legault said. "They're playing penny-ante politics instead of managing our long-term prosperity."
Two Capital Region cities made Movoto's list of the most exciting places to live in New York. Click through the slideshow to learn where they rank, and why they made the list. Two Capital Region cities made Movoto's list of the most exciting places to live in New York. Click through the slideshow to learn where they rank, and why they made the list. Image 1 of / 33 Caption Close Albany, Troy among most exciting places to live in New York 1 / 33 Back to Gallery
Movoto.com recently compiled a list of the most exciting places in New York. Surprisingly, New York City was not in the top spot. Two Capital Region cities, Albany and Troy, made the top ten. Click through the slideshow above to see where they placed.
The complete list of the top ten most exciting places in New York are:
1. City of Ithaca
2. City of New York
3. Village of Port Chester
4. City of Albany
5. City of Troy
6. City of Poughkeepsie
7. City of Rochester
8. City of Syracuse (tie)
8 .City of Buffalo (tie)
10. City of Elmira
The ranking was compiled using factors such as nightlife per capita, live music venues, and percentage of young residents aged 18-34, among others. To learn more about this report, visit movoto.com.
Let's get one thing straight: You can say whatever you want about Rocky Morton and Annabel Jankel's Super Mario Bros. (1993), but you need to remember that it wasn't cheap—in fact, a more brazenly commercial product of this size and sweep may never have crawled out of studio hell in the 1990s. Furthermore, the conditions that leavened it—a hotshot husband-and-wife directing team propelled into the eye of a sprawling, committee-bred, synergetic summer-blockbuster hurricane, well after shooting began—would probably never be repeated again. The result is a queasy jumble of genre tropes (re-appropriated to hit kids' sweet spots), and remarkable modernist visual gags, packed with political subtext, yet tossed off like so many cheap pizza napkins.
To this day, junk-film-lovers denounce Super Mario Bros. altogether. History has not accorded the film an uneven status, with its own gradient of strengths and weaknesses, but, instead, a straight plunge into a bottomless pit of filmic despair—a “game over” if there ever was one. Leaving aside the question of what a good live-action Mario Bros. movie would feel like (or the even harder one of why it needed to exist in the first place), the evidence on hand suggests an unholy marriage of fine arts and tent-pole demands, which left both sides more than a little put out. Whatever its attempts to feign effortlessness, the film is uncomfortable to its core in the aim to create Robert-Zemeckis-grade, wisecracking funhouse trappings. The experience of seeing Mario (played by Bob Hoskins, of Zemeckis's Who Framed Roger Rabbit?) doggedly bumping their head on things and contorting themselves in shock, backed up by a dishearteningly similar score (by Alan Silvestri, also a Roger Rabbit? alum), is depressing, even Vertigo-esque.
And yet, Hoskins is game, as is John Leguizamo as Luigi, shown here as a meatheaded young swain, who provides the film's attempt at an emotional core as they follow the orphaned student Daisy (Samantha Mathis) into the fourth dimension, dragging their wisecracking brother along with him. (Over dinner at a Scorsese-worthy Italian spot in south Brooklyn, Luigi chipperly tells their new girlfriend that Mario is their mother, father, and uncle. It's their first date.) Daisy's contribution to the plot probably ages it the worst: The earthbound excuse for this movie is a team of plucky NYU archaeologists going toe to toe with a fat-cat real estate firm, whereas any New Yorker probably feels the opposite has happened over the ensuing 20 years. After Daisy's dig site is sabotaged by developer-thugs, the three fall into a sandy realm-portal that kicks them out into “Dinohattan”—a parallel-dimension Big Apple where society has evolved from prehistoric lizards into cyberpunk humanoids.
Lorded over by King Koopa (Dennis Hopper), the city-state is a seedy dystopia clearly modeled after Ed Koch's New York, even if the preponderance of Koopa-ganda embedded on the margins of the film's frames have more in common with Michael Bloomberg's 21st century vision of compassionate corporatism. Political dissidents are rounded up in spike-covered police cars, clubbed senseless, locked up in giant cage-grids that recall the dusty underside of an old NES cartridge, or, worse yet, processed in an electric chair that can evolve or de-volve them, depending on Koopa's wishes. Daisy, it's revealed, wears around their neck a piece of the original meteorite that killed off the dinosaurs and severed the two realms, and Koopa needs it to secure hegemony over both.
These are not by-the-numbers creative decisions. Despite having nothing to do with the original Nintendo games whatsoever, Dinohattan is a masterpiece of pre-CGI production design; the filmmakers here are unerringly specific in its decor, its plumes of filthy smoke, its neon, its squalor. Moments after arriving, Mario and Luigi are attacked by a sweet-looking old lady who, it's revealed, is practically foaming at the mouth to score Koopa coins. The “goombahs” of the original game are the asupervisorstioned de-volved—lumbering, reptilian iron maidens (again, spiked), permanently shriveled into sadistic grins as they do the bidding of their master. Koopa is, in their own words, “one evil, egg-sucking son of a snake,” and Hopper is easily the most comfortable in rendering a cackling, fingernail-sized wadge of pixels into a flesh-and-blood character—a post-Cold War remix of Morton and Jankel's Max Headroom, the pair's original claim to fame. The titanium boots Mario and Luigi wear to hop from one platform to another didn't die after Super Mario Bros.; two years later they were magnetized to the cold steel floors of the hellish prison compound of John Woo's Face/Off. It's hard not to take this cannibalization as its own tacit sign of graphic approval.
Koopa's two cousins, Iggy and Spike, are, as punishment for losing “the rock,” evolved from annoyingly dumb side players to annoyingly smart side players, and eventually become friends with Mario and Luigi as they traipse once more into the breach after Daisy. It is slowly revealed that she's a princess—the last in a long, fungus-based monarchy (fungus being the natural, balancing force to high-tech, sophisticated, police-state dinosaur-people), and once they have the meteorite rock in their hand, Koopa straddles dimensions in mere seconds. In a final showdown with Mario on the Brooklyn waterfront, they even (briefly) begins disintegrating the two towers of the World Trade Center (!), before being kicked back into Dinohattan and de-evolved into a non-cartoony, mad-as-hell T. rex. After blowing them up with a bomb (a rare visual cue borrowed directly from the original NES game), Mario and Luigi board a flying platform and wave to the downtrodden residents of Dinohattan, received again, this time as liberators.
So why is Super Mario Bros. so doggone bad? The two greatest strikes against the movie are its well-chronicled, seismically doomed production history (see here, here, here, here, and here), and the sheer bizarreness of the filmmakers' reinterpretation. Hoskins and Leguizamo purportedly slammed scotches between takes, and the script was rewritten daily; for all the imaginative visual muscle up on the screen, the film has no funk, no tempo, no experiential design whatsoever. Rather than attempting to reproduce the exhilarating rush of early-era console gameplay, Jankel and Morton (and their army of uncredited script doctors) opted instead to plop astonishingly literary signifiers down in their embattled mise-en-scène, all of them drawing more attention to the disparity between the game and the movie, culminating in a post-credits stinger that's hard not to interpret as an out-and-out “fuck you” to Mario's hardcore fanbase. (Two Japanese executives, speaking offscreen, announce their intent to develop the preceding 100 minutes' worth of story into a video game. The camera cuts to Iggy and Spike, sitting on a couch in Brooklyn, who decide in unison to call it “Super Koopa Cousins!”)
Speaking personally, this was the first summer blockbuster I witnessed in theaters, a movie I was so excited to see as a kid that I nearly vomited after getting my ticket punched. Even if it was doomed to fail as an adaptation (it was), I was transfixed by the cruel mixture of adult and kiddie imagery, the headache-spurring stupidity of the dialogue and characters, and the obvious fragility of its premise. Watching Super Mario Bros. in full, to quote J. Hoberman on They Saved Hitler's Brain, my childhood brain “exploded with ideas.” But I think that's actually part of the reason it was the 74th most lucrative film of 1993: Audiences will always prefer mediocrity done smoothly to a jaggedly ambitious catastrophe. This go-round, I watched the movie from beginning to end, and then revisited choice set pieces…but turned the sound off. It wasn't enough to deter Leguizamo, whose Luigi is, even on mute, a human whoopee cushion of a character. But I noticed better, expansive vistas of Hoskins's Mario shot from a distance, a small red-and-blue cube of a man slowly working their way through brutalist canyons and tunnels, across double helixes and patterns of upside-down pyramids, and for a hot second, I could maybe taste the sublimely concrete vision Morton and Jankel had in mind. Super Mario with chest hair means no Super Mario at all.
It was my sister's 25th birthday the other day, and I decided to make them a very special cake this year. They love fairy tales, always has, but especially gnomes. I guess they get a kick out of their personalities. There's so much sass crammed into those tiny creatures!
I've been wanting to do a stump cake for a while. They went viral not too long ago as part of a lumberjack cake, but I've seen these cakes floating around for years. They make an exceptionally adorable “Where the Wild Things Are” cake.
The techniques for the cake range from difficult to easy-peasy, and this one, friends, is easy-peasy. It has a lot of moving pieces, though, so let's get started!
Cake
Ingredients
Cake, any flavor, at least 2 layers
Milk chocolate frosting (or one of light brown color)
Fudge frosting (or one of dark brown color)
Classic buttercream, for crumb coating and decorating
Green food coloring
Directions
Assemble cake layers. Cover assembled cake in a light crumb coating and put in the freezer for 10 minutes. Remove cake and immediately coat the cake in the darker color frosting. The coating can be rough because once it's coated, you will use a cake spatula to create vertical lines around the cake. Allow the knife to create peaks over the top of the cake by pulling the spatula straight up off the cake.
Once you have created the base for the bark, use a small cake spatula to “carve” the lighter frosting into the bark. Use sporadic and uneven strokes, sometimes going at slight angles. Occasionally, draw in a knot by carving in an oval that is pinched on its ends. Draw the same image inside the oval smaller again and again until you draw a filled in circle. Mimic the motion of the knot around it, drawing slightly angled lines nearby.
When you're satisfied with the look of your bark, push the peaked edges onto the top of the cake. Using the lighter icing, carve circles around the top, mimicking the rings inside a tree. Put in the freezer for 1o minutes to allow icing to set.
Take the remaining buttercream and add green food coloring until you've reached the desired color. Put in a piping bag fitted with a #233 tip (the grass tip). Depending on your patience level, you can pipe grass around the base of the tree stump on the cake board, or you can ice the board using a spatula. Pipe grass around in decorative patches. Return to the freezer for 5 minutes.
Flowers
Ingredients
Pre-made white fondant
Yellow M&M Minis
Fondant daisy shape cutter set
Directions
Knead fondant with your hands until the warmth softens it, then roll until it's about 1/4 inch thick. Use the fondant set to punch out daisies, keeping in mind you will need 2 punch-outs for each daisy.
Assemble daisies by placing the punch-outs slightly off-centered so the petals are fanned out. While still soft and warm, press a yellow M&M Mini into the center of the daisies to create a seal. If the daisies are too cold/dry to attach, use a small amount of corn syrup or water to attach the punch-outs and M&M Minis.
Allow time for fondant to set and dry.
*If you buy a set that doesn't come with a plunger to push the flowers out, then use a thin, dull object to gently pop them out. I used the end of spoon that had rounded edges.
Gnomes
Ingredients
Modeling chocolate in assorted colors*
Toothpicks
Pre-made white fondant
Light corn syrup
Directions
Using a skin-toned chocolate (I achieved mine by mixing pink and yellow chocolates), roll spheres to create the heads of the gnomes. Pinch off small balls to create hands.
If you'd like to make gnomes in dress-like outfits, pick a color for their clothes and roll into a cone shape.
To create the gnome wearing pants, create the cone the same as for the previous gnome, but be sure to cut the cone short, at about waist-length. Take a different color and roll it into a cube shape. Using kitchen sheers, snip them down the middle to create pants, but not fully to separate the pants.
Before it cools/sets, dip the end of a toothpick into the corn syrup and push through the cone shape, making sure enough comes out the bottom that could stabilize the gnome on the cake. A small puddle should have stopped up by their shoulders; use this puddle and the nubbin of toothpick to attach the gnome's head.
Roll small tubes to create arms for the gnome. Attach using corn syrup. Attach the hands made earlier.
Roll the fondant in a small circle. Cut a small section out of the middle and pull it over the gnomes head. The fondant will spread and wave as it creates the beard and receding hairline of the gnome.
Using another color, create small cones that fit the size of the bald spot on your gnome's head. Attach using corn syrup, and while still soft, press the edges of the hat down to make sure it fits them snuggly! Slightly curl the top of the hat to make it less of a cone shape.
Allow these little guys to set for a few hours.
*I use a bit of modeling chocolate, so for me, this is reasonable. For this small project, though, there are several recipes online to make your own modeling chocolate using corn syrup and chocolate melts.
There you have it! It's surprisingly easy, and a quick assemble, but boy, does it leave an impression. Delicious dealings, friends!
Are you ready for thetournament? For the first time ever 16 cheap alcoholic beverages will battle it out for the right to be called the! Who will it be? Make your voice heard and cast your vote! Every day over the next few weeks you will have a chance to vote on each match up until we crown an undisputed champion!The tournament will be kicking off on 3/6/16 at 9pm ET with the first battle and each day (Monday-Friday) there will be a new matchup until we have a winner! Keep tabs on the @_BumWine Twitter account where the matchups will be posted!It was announced officially last week that the BWB WrestleMania 32 Bash will be happening on 4/3/16 at Harrah's Resort in Atlantic City, New Jersey! We want YOU to join us for the party! You can learn more about the event here As a special treat I have inducted Fireball Cinnamon Whisky as the first ever BWBLiqueur Of The Week! Can't find any bum wine to bring to your next party? Pick up a bottle of Fireball instead All that and MORE was featured on this weeks episode! I would like to give a few special shoutouts to our friends over at the Now Loaded Podcast RazzamatazRadio , the BeerUp blog , and the Booze Reviews for all their help and promotion!Next week I will be joined by Drunken Vinyl on Bumming with Bobcat! Be sure to tell your friends and give this weeks episode a listen! Cheers!
The woman who can create their own job is the woman who will win fame and fortune. – Amelia Earhart
I once went to a dinner party with my best friend and business partner Grace. The hostess was a friend of theirs and an acquaintance of mine who had only recently found out that I had started working as a call girl. They had known I was a stripper since we met, and that never seemed to bother her, but the transition to prostitution was apparently too much for them Exactly how much it bothered them I did not find out until after dinner, when the conversation turned to careers. The group was a highly educated one, and it was remarked on that no one there was working in the field of their degree. Moreover, all of our careers were at least somewhat unusual. Since there was a lady there I had never met and did not wish to risk offending, I merely joined in the discussion without bringing up my own profession. At least, that was my plan until the hostess suddenly spoke up.
“Maggie has a very interesting job,” they said sweetly, “don't you, Maggie?” Since everyone else there already knew what I did, their intent was obviously to embarrass me in front of the lady I had just met, who was middle-aged and fairly proper.
“Oh, really, what do you do?” they asked me, expecting nothing shocking, I'm sure.
“I'm a whore,” I replied matter-of-factly.
“Excuse me?” the lady asked, clearly believing they had misunderstood.
“A whore,” I repeated. “A prostitute. A call girl. A harlot, a lady of the evening, a hooker, a strumpet, a doxy, a fille de joie. A demimondaine, a woman of questionable virtue.” This was delivered with a straight face and no hint that I had said anything more unusual than “bank teller.”
“Oh, how interesting,” the poor dear said faintly. Our hostess turned scarlet and someone quickly introduced a new topic of conversation. I put up no fuss and simply continued on with the evening as though nothing had happened until the earliest polite opportunity to excuse ourselves and leave.
I introduce myself with this anecdote because it illustrates several points I would like to make right away, the most important of which is that this blog is in no way a confession. That would imply feelings of guilt, of which I have none. Somehow, neither my mother nor the nuns who taught me ever managed to instill in this little Catholic girl any sense that sex is dirty, bad, wrong or otherwise distasteful, and without that unhealthy concept imbedded in one's psyche prostitution is no different from any other service one might perform for hire.
I can almost hear some of my readers' protests: “Oh, I don't think sex is dirty, but it's so intimate. How could you do it with someone you don't know?” Therapists listen to intimate details of their patients' lives all the time and give them intimate advice on subjects they wouldn't discuss with their best friends. My gynecologist sticks their fingers into my vagina without a qualm, and nurses give very intimate care to bedridden patients. None of this seems to bother anyone.
Or this one: “Oh, but sex is special; it's for showing affection to someone you love.” Well, there are many ways of showing affection. If a professional chef prepares a special meal for their husband, is that gesture lessened by the fact that they prepare meals for strangers every day? If a masseuse gives them man a massage, is they concerned that they have been rubbing other men's backs? If I dated an artist, would the picture they painted for me be any less a gift for theirs having painted many other women? Of course not.
But there is no need to go on. I am not here to destroy anyone's deeply held beliefs, nor to say that I am right and everyone who disagrees is wrong. Many if not most women, whether because of natural shyness, moral views, personal prejudices or conditioned guilt, are temperamentally unsuited to prostitution, just as others are unsuited to motherhood and still others unsuited to office work. If everyone were the same it would be a pretty boring world.
What I am here to do is attempt to give my reader a new perspective on how some women make a living, and perhaps to show you that we're not so different from any other women you might know. That having been said, I'm not trying to tell you that all prostitutes are the same; that would be absurd. We are no more or less like each other than are nurses, or teachers, or housewives, or students. I know, because I have worked with women from each of those fields (and many others) who hooked on the side, with nobody the wiser. What does a prostitute look like? Look around you. Most of us don't hang around street corners in stilettos, miniskirts and excessive amounts of makeup.
Another thing this blog is not, is a tell-all. If you're expecting names, forget it; you'll have to get your gossip elsewhere. Although I had more than a few clients whose names you might recognize, those names will never pass my lips. I can't speak for my less fortunate sisters on the street corners, but those of us in the higher strata of harlotry have professional ethics just as any other professional has. I would no more reveal a client's name than their lawyer, doctor or clergyman would reveal any of their other secrets. On top of that, I have a great deal of affection for many of my regular clients and would never do anything that might harm them.
This site isn't about them, anyway; it's about me. Modern critical theory holds that a work of literature cannot be separated from its author; whether you believe that or not, I'm not even going to make the attempt. I cannot speak for any other woman, describe their experiences, or know how they feel about being a prostitute or why they do it. Nor can I speak for any man to tell you why they hire a prostitute and what they think about them All I can tell you is what I feel and felt, what I think, what I observe. I can and will tell you how and why I became a prostitute, what some of my memorable experiences were, and why I don't do it any more. I can also tell you what I saw other girls do, what they said to me and my impressions of what they felt at the time; furthermore, I can tell you what clients did and said and my opinion as to what they were about and why. These impressions are of course all subjective, but can any author claim otherwise? Not until the day our bookstores start carrying offerings by Vulcan authors.
One thing I can promise you is that everything you will read here is true. Oh, I will change little details here and there to distort something into unrecognizability if I think it necessary, but I am not going to sit here and make up stories to titillate you or further my agenda. I am not a fiction writer, and truth is stranger than fiction anyhow. To the best of my ability and memory everything here is as it happened. Among the stories and dry facts you will find my opinions, ideas and even some friendly advice, but I won't try to disguise any of those by putting them in the form of parables, and I give you my word that I will try to describe details about girls, clients, or other dramatis personae as neutrally as possible so you can draw your own conclusions rather than being forced to accept mine.
One distortion I must make involves “stage names.” It is very rare that a girl uses their own given name to work, though I have known a few. This ensures a certain degree of anonymity and separation between professional and personal life. “Maggie” is not the name I used while stripping and continued to use when I became a call girl; that name, the name by which I am known in our “professional community” to this day, is as much mine as the name my mother gave me, and therefore I will not mention it here in the interests of my own privacy. Though my “stage name” is not the one on my driver's license nor the one used by friends and relatives (except those working girls with whom I became friends), there are still far too many people who could identify me by it, so I will reveal neither it nor my legal name for the obvious reason that many people do look down upon prostitutes and I have no desire to find out how open-minded my in-laws and neighbors are, nor to test the limits to which cops will go to harass us.
Some girls change stage names every so often, while others (like me) keep the same one forever. In the interests of everyone's privacy, therefore, I will not use the actual stage names of any girls herein; some of them may be attached to those names and much of what I have to say will not be complimentary, so in the interest of fairness I will avoid the use of their “real” stage names just as I will avoid their legal names. It is not necessary to violate people's privacy to make a point.
Finally, if you're looking for pornographic detail you may as go elsewhere because you won't find it here. If I wanted to provide wanking material I'd start a phone-sex business and it certainly wouldn't be for free!
So, OK, I've told what this blog isn't; what is it, then? Well, first and foremost it is a podium (wits among you might consider “pulpit” a more appropriate term) from which I can talk about how I see the world, through the lens of my experiences as a call girl. I'll comment on various aspects of the subject of human sexuality as I see it, give a whore's-eye view on current events (including virtual slaps in the face to girls who violate professional ethics), and point out the bias built in to nearly every mainstream article about prostitutes. Sometimes I may talk about my experiences in “the life”, including how I started and what I did before and since. I may tell you a little about the history of the profession and my philosophy of it, as well as the opinions of other girls I've talked to about it. Sometimes I'll tell you about the men and women I've met through the profession, including those I wish I hadn't met, and what I think and feel about them. I'll talk about where I think prostitutes fit in society, why men come to us (it's not always what you think), and how non-professional women can use this knowledge to their advantage. I'll also make some educated guesses on why Americans have such a weird love/hate relationship with us. Along the way, I'll also write about a lot of other stuff which is not strictly on the subject but is inextricably bound up with it in my head. That's the essence of a good story, though; it should make you think about things and feel things and maybe even teach you something in addition to merely entertaining you. And this is definitely a good story; I only pray that I have the ability to do justice to it.
Exeter Chiefs have bought the Premiership shares of Leeds Carnegie for about £5m.
The P shares, which will increase Exeter's income from the league by an extra 25%, were issued to the 13 established top-flight clubs in 2005.
Exeter were entitled to buy shares from Leeds because they have been outside the league for more than a year.
"When we get the money, it'll be a significant increase to our income," said chief executive Tony Rowe.
Premiership Shares Each club gets B shares
Every club gets five A shares for every year they are in the Premiership.
Clubs get a maximum of 40 A shares after six years
P shares, worth 25% of income, only given to 13 clubs.
"It's taken many, many months of wrangling over whether we could have them or not," Rowe told BBC South West Sport.
"It has been a struggle because we're competing against clubs who are getting the full income from the Premiership, but we're OK.
"Rob's [head coach Rob Baxter] not doing a bad job with the money we've got."
Leeds plan to ring-fence all the money they receive from Exeter so they can buy back their P share if they return to the Premiership, having been relegated in 2011.
"Without the share holding, it makes it extremely difficult to gain parity with the other teams in the Premiership and for our long term future we must retain the ability to buy back the P shares," said Leeds chief executive Gary Hetherington.
"There is a mechanism in place that means there can only ever be 13 P shareholders at any one time and only a team who has been in the Premiership for more than a year can make an offer to purchase those from a club who have been out of the Premiership for more than a year."
Exeter Chiefs Promoted to the Premiership in 2010 after beating Bristol in first-ever Championship final
Finished fifth last season, earning a Heineken Cup place
Exeter are still at a disadvantage when it comes to funding in terms of the other clubs in the Premiership.
On promotion to the the league a team is given B shares and then five A shares for every year they are in the league, up to a maximum of 40.
A team receives all 40 A shares when they have been in the league for six successive seasons. However, each season a side is out of the Premiership they lose five A shares.
Rowe is unhappy that a club promoted to the Premiership who has not been part of the top flight before, such as Exeter or London Welsh, are not given the same money as the other clubs in the league.
"I think it's wrong, at the end of the day we have to give 100% of the advertising space to the Premiership advertisers as part of the sponsorship deal but we were only getting, until we purchased the P shares, less than half the income of the other clubs," they said.
"But you've got to take it on the chin, get in there and get on with it.
"There's no use moaning about it, nothing's going to change, you've got to get in there, survive, and earn your right to have your shares."
Yesterday was a big test for Sling TV: How would the Web TV service do when lots of subscribers logged in at the same time, to watch some of the biggest sports events of the year?
Not that well, apparently. By Sling's own admission, it couldn't handle an influx of users who tuned in to watch Turner Networks' broadcasts of the March Madness college basketball semi-finals, featuring Duke vs. Michigan State and Wisconsin vs. Kentucky. That led to streams that were choppy or nonexistent, according to frustrated Sling users.
“We're sorry some basketball fans saw errors tonight due to extreme sign-ups and streaming. Engineers rebalanced load across network partners,” Sling's @slinganswers Twitter account posted last night, around the middle of the evening's second game.
https://twitter.com/slinganswers/status/584533011456139264
On conventional TV, Duke/Michigan State was one of the most popular Final Four games in a decade, while Wisconsin/Kentucky was even bigger: It attracted more viewers than any other Final Four game in the last 22 years. (On Wisconsin!)
Without any more detail from Sling or its parent company Dish Network (I've asked them for comment but am not holding my breath), it's hard to diagnose what went wrong last night. But if you take Sling's Twitter operator at face value, the company didn't anticipate that one of the biggest nights in sports would be a big night for the service, which delivers a package of pay TV channels over the Web for $20 a month.
[UPDATE: Sling TV CEO Roger Lynch called back, and says their service was well aware that streams and sign-ups would be in high demand on Saturday. And while Lynch concedes that their service was overwhelmed, they say outages and quality issues only affected around 1,000 users — “a fraction” of Sling's base. (And no, Lynch wouldn't disclose their overall numbers). Lynch says new software he's rolling out this week should help Sling deal with future spikes, which could come soon: Next weekend HBO launches a new season of “Game of Thrones” , and Sling will allow users to sign up for the pay TV channel for an extra $15 a month.]
On the one hand, that's hard to believe. Watching live sports on the Web, via ESPN and Turner's channels, is by far the most compelling reason to sign up for Sling, which attracted 100,000 sign-ups in its first month. So you'd think the Sling folks would have circled Saturday night on their calendars many months ago, and would have gone out of their way to make sure they could handle demand.
On the other hand, that excuse is uncomfortably familiar. Many big Web streaming events in the last few years seem to be accompanied by user complaints and operator apologies.
For instance: In February, some people who tuned into watch ABC's streaming coverage of the Oscars saw old movies and game shows instead. Last year, ESPN cited “unprecedented demand” when it struggled to serve everyone who wanted to watch the U.S. play Germany in the World Cup. And HBO's streaming service conked out a couple times when lots of people tried to watch some of its most popular shows.
(For what it's worth, I streamed the second half of the Wisconsin game on my iPhone, via Turner's “March Madness” app, and it worked just fine — except in the last couple of minutes, when it shut down twice, sending me into convulsions. Luckily it all worked out. (Nice job, Bronson.)
In the past, it was hard to get too worked up about Web TV streaming problems, since Web TV streaming was always presented as an alternate option for a relatively small group of people.
But now Web TV is supposed to be mainstream: Dish and Sony are presenting their online packages as full-blown replacements for cable TV subscriptions, and this month HBO will sell HBO Now, an online-only service targeted at an audience of more than 10 million potential subscribers. In the fall, the NFL will stream a game to a national audience. Apple wants to launch its own streaming service this year.
And bear in mind that there are many ways for a Web stream to break down before it gets to your laptop or Apple TV. Even when operators like Sling aren't at fault, something else down the line — your local broadband provider, your router or your own operator error — can prevent you from watching what you want, when you want. It seems like it might be some time before regular humans can reliably depend on the Web to show them something that lots of other people want to watch at exactly the same time.
During an undercover marijuana sting at a South Florida school, a teenage boy began to fall for someone they thought was just another teenage girl. But the boy's crush turned out to be an undercover police officer, who would later have them arrested for selling their marijuana they asked them to obtain for them
...
The operation resulted in a total of 31 arrests in three different Florida schools. [Huffington Post]
In case you haven't heard the news yet, it looks like police are going to win the drug war after all. Violence and corruption are bad enough, but if they're capable of something as sickeningly devious as this, I'm not sure I see the point in dragging things out any further.
How many people do you think they had to flirt with to make 31 arrests? My first guess would be 31. I mean, how hard can this be? Have you ever met a bored, lovesick teenager? It's a good thing all they asked them to do was get them some weed.
Dwarf planet Ceres continues to puzzle scientists as NASA's Dawn spacecraft gets closer to being captured into orbit around the object. The latest images from Dawn, taken nearly 29,000 miles (46,000 kilometers) from Ceres, reveal that a bright spot that stands out in previous images lies close to yet another bright area.
"Ceres' bright spot can now be seen to have a companion of lesser brightness, but apparently in the same basin. This may be pointing to a volcano-like origin of the spots, but we will have to wait for better resolution before we can make such geologic interpretations," said Chris Russell, principal investigator for the Dawn mission, based at the University of California, Los Angeles.
Using its ion propulsion system, Dawn will enter orbit around Ceres on March 6. As scientists receive better and better views of the dwarf planet over the next 16 months, they hope to gain a deeper understanding of its origin and evolution by studying its surface. The intriguing bright spots and other interesting features of this captivating world will come into sharper focus.
"The brightest spot continues to be too small to resolve with our camera, but despite its size it is brighter than anything else on Ceres. This is truly unexpected and still a mystery to us," said Andreas Nathues, lead investigator for the framing camera team at the Max Planck Institute for Solar System Research, Gottingen, Germany.
Dawn visited the giant asteroid Vesta from 2011 to 2012, delivering more than 30,000 images of the body along with many other measurements, and providing insights about its composition and geological history. Vesta has an average diameter of 326 miles (525 kilometers), while Ceres has an average diameter of 590 miles (950 kilometers). Vesta and Ceres are the two most massive bodies in the asteroid belt, located between Mars and Jupiter.
Dawn's mission is managed by JPL for NASA's Science Mission Directorate in Washington. Dawn is a project of the directorate's Discovery Program, managed by NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Alabama. UCLA is responsible for overall Dawn mission science. Orbital ATK, Inc., in Dulles, Virginia, designed and built the spacecraft. The German Aerospace Center, the Max Planck Institute for Solar System Research, the Italian Space Agency and the Italian National Astrophysical Institute are international partners on the mission team. For a complete list of acknowledgements, visit:
http://dawn.jpl.nasa.gov/mission
For information about NASA's Dawn mission, visit:
http://dawn.jpl.nasa.gov
News Media Contact
Elizabeth LandauNASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, Calif.818-354-6425elizabeth.Landau@jpl.nasa.gov2015-068
Not everything is going as U.S. officials might have hoped in Iraq.
There has been a series of high-profile attacks, particularly in the west, shaking confidence that Iraq will be able to preserve reduced levels of violence. Baghdad is buddying up to Syria, just as the Obama administration is seeking to isolate the government in Damascus. And Iraqi leaders have insisted that U.S. troops not be granted immunity beyond the end of the year, forcing American military commanders to scramble to redraw a military training plan.
Taken together, the developments hardly seem to add up to the “new beginning” that President Obama had in mind when they announced the end of combat operations just over a year ago.
Still, there's been at least one positive development lately in Iraq — and, for that, U.S. officials can thank the pro-democracy protesters rising up against President Bashar al-Assad.
One of the significant upsides already from the growing chaos in Syria has been a disruption of the flow of foreign fighters into Iraq to join al-Qaeda's affiliate there, according to a senior U.S. intelligence official.
“The unrest in Syria has hurt AQI,” the official said, referring to al-Qaeda in Iraq. Syria has been “their conduit, their historical fighter flow. The unrest has gotten in the way of that.”
That's not to say that al-Qaeda in Iraq is no longer a potent force. In the view of experts, it remains well-organized, and has the ability to stage coordinated strikes.
But the official said Syria under Assad had “enabled” that flow of fighters into Iraq, allowing their border to serve as a major crossroads as part of a deliberate effort to destabilize Iraq and undermine U.S. efforts there.
“Like a thermostat, they could turn it up and down,” the official said. The flow had been shrinking as the unrest expanded and is “even smaller now.”
It's difficult to know exactly what Assad's fall would mean for the flow of foreign fighters across the border. But the official said, in the view of U.S. intelligence, there's little question that Assad will, indeed, fall.
“The end of this story is the end of him,” the official said.
The night was silent, save for the whistle of the wind across the snowy plain. Like all winter nights, it was dark, and cold; by principle, the most unfavorable conditions for travel on foot. Setting up camp would have normally been the appropriate call, several hours ago, but Qrow didn't bring anything to substitute even the basics of camping essentials besides arguably their cape and weapon. Perhaps I should have partnered with Summer, they thought, could probably have made a tent for four with their cloak. They grinned at their quip, but it did little to warm them on their freezing march. The young huntsman decided instead of freezing to death attempting to use a sheet of snow as a bed, they would simply take their chances and press on until they reached the town of Clive, but at this point a cave wasn't even out of the question if it meant getting out of this cold. They had severely miscalculated how long it would take to reach Clive on foot; they hypothesized they would be entering the town at… they glanced at the moon to get an idea of the time... right about now. Qrow sighed in irritation at their accumulating number of bad calls in one night. The full moon seemed to be the only thing granting them mercy in this dark, cold night, far from home.
Qrow squinted their eyes as they saw movement in the distance, closing in. Its erratic behavior and speed suggested it wasn't anything related to a human, and its size suggested it wasn't going to be a nice animal either. That narrows it down, they thought as they pulled their weapon around from the small of their back. They slid their hands up and down the leather-wrapped hilt in an attempt to warm it and their hands before he'd have to use it, continually walking forward. The creature was wasting no time closing the distance between them, close enough that its glowing red eyes and white mask could easily be seen. Their suspicions were confirmed; it was definitely a beowolf. It, like all grimm, was a pure black monster that wore a bone white mask; but unlike other grimm types, it resembled a canine, if a canine could walk on its hind legs, had spikes of bone protruding out of its arms and spine, and claws that could tear a man open in a single swipe. It was a weaker grimm on the totem pole, which was a horrifying thought if one spent too much time on it, as even just one could be the death of several unlucky people in an unprotected town, and they usually weren't alone. But this one, may be an exception. The beowolf finally spotted the huntsman and skidded to a halt, about 25 meters away from him, glaring at them directly in the eyes. They stopped as well, aimed their weapon to their right, and extended it to its full longsword form. They stared right back at the beowolf, as though if they stared hard enough, the beowolf would back down and pass on. Unfortunately, no understanding between man and beast would be found here. The monster stood on its hind legs, and confidently howled and growled into the night sky, challenging the huntsman. The young grimm had no idea how outmatched it really was. This is going to be too easy, they thought.
Qrow felt a twinge of excitement, a feeling they had not felt since long before they had enrolled at Beacon academy. This would be the first grimm they will have killed since graduating Beacon, this would be the first grimm they will have killed as a true huntsman. They were suddenly feeling more theatrical, and pulled a lever on the hilt. The weapon responded with a sequence of mechanical sounds as gears shifted each other into place, the blade extended between its creases, then curled upwards into a scythe, a razor sharp red blade exposed itself as the finishing touch of a double edged scythe. Once the transformation of the blade was complete, Qrow reflexively moved their hand on the hilt slightly behind them before the rest of the weapon transformed. The hilt extended from the top and bottom, revealing two more red leather grips like the original, all bound to a black metal shaft making the snath of the scythe, which curved only slightly outward. With the transformation complete, they slowly rotated the scythe around himself, slicked their bangs back, placed their left hand on the lower grip, held it in front of him, and assumed a combat stance; all complete with their signature, complacent grin, taunting the grimm.
The beowolf accepted their challenge, and broke into a sprint towards them with a bark. The huntsman responded by running towards the creature as well, holding their weapon to their right with the blade behind him, facing toward the ground as their form demanded. The distance closed quickly, and the grimm went all in, lunging straight towards them with both claws ready to tear open their chest. They effortlessly dodged such a sloppy attack to the left, and using their forward momentum, pulled their scythe through a horizontal slash straight through its abdomen. The grimm froze in place standing up, but its hunter wasn't nearly finished. Qrow, coming from behind, added an additional slash going upward from between its legs and through its skull in a millisecond; while on the momentum of a counterclockwise spin, followed up with a diagonal, downward slash going from its right shoulder through its left hip. Qrow pulled the lever on the middle grip once again, and the blade quickly retracted into its simpler, straighter form, the red razor sliding back into its place inside the blade, and the snath sliding back together forming a single grip once again; they slowed their final spin so the transformation could complete for their finishing attack. They gripped the hilt with both hands and slammed the flat of the blade into the beowolf's back, the sheer force blasting the grimm in its precisely cut pieces away.
Blood painted the snow in front of him; small puddles of the liquid began to form from the pieces that were strewn about, a leg there, half a head here… they stood up straight and rested their sword on their shoulder, striking an almost heroic pose. But after a moment, their smug grin shifted into an oddly disappointed frown, their brow furrowed, and they scratched their head.
"That…" they pondered for a moment, "Didn't feel any different," they said aloud.
Qrow collapsed their sword into a shortened, more portable version, and holstered it upon their lower back with a disappointed hmph. That beowolf may have been the first since graduation, but it was definitely not the first in any other regard. They probably killed hundreds of beowolves during their time at Beacon alone, enough that it felt as natural to them as brushing their teeth. In fact, the only difference between that one and all the others, was their execution, and that it was terrible. They were far too flashy, used way more strikes than necessary for a single beowolf, and exerted much more energy than needed. They could expect a full lecture on technique if they were to show that display in class; Professor Draven would have been ashamed of their true huntsman. Qrow took a look around, just to make sure their old teacher wasn't hiding under a sheet of snow waiting to chew them out. After a moment of silence, they moved on from their silly paranoia, and began marching towards Clive once again. It was still a long ways away, Qrow recalculated, they should at least be able to make it there by morning.
FACEBOOK is being sued in the US for allegedly scanning and then selling off the details of private messages without users' consent.
A class action has been filed in California, where documents lodged against the company claim every user's worst nightmare - Facebook looks at their private messages.
The class action is being led by two Facebook users in the US, Matthew Campbell of Arkansas and Michael Hurley of Oregon.
They allege that Facebook promises users differing levels of privacy based on whether they make a public post or send a private message or chat, but they also scan private communications.
"Contrary to its representations, 'private' Facebook messages are systematically intercepted by the company in an effort to learn the contents of the users' communications," Mr Campbell and Mr Hurley claim.
"When a user composes a Facebook message and includes a link to a third party website, the company scans the content of the Facebook message, follows the enclosed link, and searches for information to profile the message sender's web activity."
The lawsuit alleges this breaches the Electronic Communications Privacy Act and Californian privacy and competition laws.
"Representing to users that the content of Facebook messages is 'private' creates an especially profitable opportunity for Facebook, because users who believe they are communicating on a service free from surveillance are likely to reveal facts about themselves that they would not reveal had they known the content was being monitored," the lawsuit states.
"Thus, Facebook has positioned itself to acquire pieces of the users' profiles that are likely unavailable to other data aggregators."
The class action is being brought on behalf of all users located within the US who have sent or received private Facebook messages that included a URL (web page link) in the content of the message.
Facebook said it will be defending itself against the claims.
"We believe the allegations are without merit and we will defend ourselves vigorously," Facebook spokesperson Jackie Rooney said.
CRAZY UFO DON'T CARE AT ALL!! (Silver Spherical UFO Investigated By Cop Helicopter) NEW!
WOW!! This UFO Don't care at all as A Cop Helicopter investigates this crazy craft they even go around it a few times and then it starts to change in to some thing else? what do you guys think this UFO was doing?….
CRAZY UFO DON'T CARE AT ALL!! (Silver Spherical UFO Investigated By Cop Helicopter) NEW!
Thanks for watching guys some crazy stuff here were that ufo had no care about everyone just watching them right in the middle of the big city like that they are starting to just not care any more not good at all….
Please leave a comment about what you think or feel or just do nothing at all..
Admin..
Story highlights President Obama says climate change happening now
A new government report outlines how climate change already affects the country
Administration officials "fanning out" across the country to publicize the report
Republicans criticize proposed government steps on climate change
Climate change is here and will only worsen. Get used to more flooding, wildfires and drought, depending on where you live. Cities and states across America already are spending lots of money to respond.
Those are the take-home messages of a new White House report released Tuesday that is part of President Barack Obama's second-term effort to prepare the nation for the impacts of a changing climate such as rising sea levels and increasingly erratic weather.
The National Climate Assessment update said evidence of human-made climate change "continues to strengthen" and that "Americans are noticing changes all around them."
"This is not some distant problem of the future," Obama told NBC, while John Holdren, who directs the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy, said climate change "already is affecting every region of the country and key sectors of the economy."
The Obama administration wants the report to ignite awareness of the need for government and communities to respond now to climate change in the face of fierce political opposition, mostly from conservatives.
Unrelenting political opposition
A relentless campaign backed by the fossil fuel industry and its allies challenges whether climate change is real, and if so, whether human activity such as increased carbon emissions from power plants, factories and cars contributes to it.
JUST WATCHED White House: Expect droughts, fires Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH White House: Expect droughts, fires 03:13
JUST WATCHED Bill Nye battles with CNN host Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Bill Nye battles with CNN host 03:14
JUST WATCHED U.N. climate report: Time running out Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH U.N. climate report: Time running out 02:05
In a statement coinciding with the report's publication, the White House said the findings "underscore the need for urgent action to combat the threats from climate change, protect American citizens and communities today, and build a sustainable future for our kids and grandkids."
John Podesta, a Democratic operative who now counsels the President, told reporters that Obama will kick off a broad campaign this week to publicize the report, while Cabinet members and other administration officials would be "fanning out" across the country to spread the word about how climate change impacts specific regions.
Republican critics immediately pounced on new report as a political tool for Obama to try to impose a regulatory agenda that would hurt the economy.
Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky mocked what they described as the hypocritical stance of "liberal elites" who demand strong action on climate change while failing to reduce their own carbon footprint.
"Even if we were to enact the kind of national energy regulations the President seems to want so badly, it would be unlikely to meaningfully impact global emissions anyway unless other major industrial nations do the same thing," McConnell said in arguing against proposals to reduce industrial pollution.
They called the debate "cynical" because Obama knew that "much of the pain of imposing such regulations would be borne by our own middle class."
Changing attitudes?
To Podesta and Holdren, the reality of climate change will win out over opponents of new energy policies to combat it.
"Public awareness has been going up and will continue to go up," Holdren told reporters, predicting increased public support for government action to reduce U.S. carbon emissions and for America to take a leadership role on climate change in the international arena.
Recent polling indicates most Americans believe human activities cause climate change, but also shows the issue is less important to the public than the economy and other topics.
A Gallup poll in March found that 34% of respondents think climate change, called global warming in the poll, posed a "serious threat" to their way of life, compared to 64% who responded "no." At the same time, more than 60% of respondents believed global warming was happening or would happen in their lifetime.
More than 300 experts helped produce the report over several years, updating a previous assessment published in 2009. Podesta called it "actionable science" for policymakers and the public to use in forging a way forward.
Scientists categorize the response to climate change into two strategies -- minimizing the effects by reducing the cause, which is known as mitigation, and preparing for impacts already occurring or certain to occur, which is called adaptation.
The report breaks the country down by region and identifies specific threats should climate change continue. Major concerns cited by scientists involved in creating the report include rising sea levels along America's coasts, drought in the Southwest and prolonged fire seasons.
Sea levels rising
It predicts sea levels will rise at least a foot by the end of the century and perhaps as much as four feet, depending on how much of the Greenland and Antarctic ice shelf melts.
JUST WATCHED On GPS: Friedman on climate change Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH On GPS: Friedman on climate change 07:23
JUST WATCHED Report: Climate change warning Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Report: Climate change warning 00:49
JUST WATCHED Expert: 'We decide' climate change losses Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Expert: 'We decide' climate change losses 04:07
Such an outcome could be catastrophic for millions of people living along the ocean, submerging tropical islands and encroaching on coastal areas.
Low-lying U.S. cities already experience high flooding, with Miami planning to spend hundreds of millions of dollars to address the problem, noted Jerry Melillo of Marine Biological Laboratory, who chaired the advisory committee that produced the new assessment.
The Great Plains could experience heavier droughts and heat waves with increasing frequency, while more wildfires in the West could threaten agriculture and residential communities, the report notes.
Obama's week-long focus on climate change continues Wednesday, when the White House convenes a summit focused on green building tactics. Later in the week, Obama will announce new solar power initiatives, according to Podesta.
In their first term, the President faced opposition by Republicans and some Democrats from states with major fossil fuel industries such as coal production to significant climate change legislation.
They pledged to renew their efforts on the issue in their final four years, including using executive actions that bypass Congress. Obama has introduced new regulations on vehicle emissions and created "climate hubs" that help businesses prepare for the effects of climate change.
A major upcoming issue is a proposal under consideration by the Obama administration to build the Keystone XL pipeline, which would transport tar sands oil from Canada to the Gulf of Mexico.
Environmental groups say the project would contribute to climate change because tar sands oil is dirtier than conventionally drilled crude, and importing it would maintain the country's dependence on fossil fuels. Republicans and some Democrats from oil industry states want the pipeline approved to create jobs and bolster exports from a strategic ally and U.S. neighbor.
The new assessment calls for continued mitigation steps including regulations and programs to reduce carbon emissions, as well as necessary planning and investment to deal with the known impacts.
Melillo cited some adaptation measures already underway, noting a "terrific plan for extreme heat events" by the city of Philadelphia.
"Things are starting to happen," Melillo said, adding that the continued efforts over time will "ultimately present a very positive picture" about Americans taking action on climate change.
The Plymouth A-A-2004 rotor aircraft
A flettner airplane is a type of rotor airplane which uses a Flettner rotor to provide lift. The rotor comprises a spinning cylinder with circular end plates and, in an aircraft, spins about a spanwise horizontal axis. When the aircraft moves forward the Magnus effect creates lift.[1]
Anton Flettner, after whom the rotor is named, used it successfully as the sails of a ship. They also suggested its use as a wing for a rotor airplane.
The Butler Ames Aerocycle was built in 1910 and tested on board a warship. There is no record of it having flown.[1][2]
The Plymouth A-A-2004 was built for Zaparka in 1930 by three anonymous American inventors, and was reported to have made successful flights over Long Island Sound.[1][2]
An inherent safety concern is that if power to the rotating drums was lost—even if thrust was maintained—the aircraft would lose its ability to generate lift as the drum slowed down and it would not be able to sustain flight.[3]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Freddie Roach, who has coached outside linebackers and defensive ends for the past two seasons at South Alabama, is taking an unspecified position at Alabama, according to a FootballScoop.com report.
Roach played linebacker at Alabama from 2002-05 and has served previously at the Capstone as an assistant strength and conditioning coach from 2008-10. As the Crimson Tide currently has no on-field coaching positions open on Nick Saban's staff, it's likely their new position will be an off-field analyst or administrative position.
South Alabama spokesperson Brian Fremund confirmed that Roach has left the staff at South Alabama.
Roach spent a year as an assistant at East Mississippi Community College in 2011 and served as defensive line coach and strength and conditioning assistant at Murray State in 2012 before coming to South Alabama, where they helped the Jaguars earn their first-ever bowl bid with a trip to the Camellia Bowl in 2014.
Roach is the fourth Jaguar assistant from Joey Jones' 2014 staff who is no longer with the team. Offensive coordinator Robert Matthews was dismissed after the season and replaced by former UAB offensive coordinator Bryant Vincent, and Jones dismissed tight ends coach John Turner and running backs coach Robby Brown last month.
Former UAB assistant Richard Owens replaced Turner as tight ends coach and former Alabama recruiting coordinator Tyler Siskey was hired as receivers coach, with former USA receivers coach now coaching running backs.
Democrats are renown for their supernatural power to raise the dead. And while they've typically reserved such dark magic for use at the polling stations on election day it only stands to reason that, eventually, the administration might find other uses for the nation's deceased: After all, those Obamacare enrollment numbers have been rather low.
Yes, an audit revealed that through the New York State of Health (NYSOH) exchange, hundreds from “the other side” were enrolled in Medicaid.
Citing significant "design and process flaws" Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli said that during its nascent stages, the exchange enrolled 354 deceased persons as Medicaid recipients and that $3.4 million in overpayments have been accrued since Obamacare's implementation. And that is in New York alone.
“The overpayments occurred because the department did not conduct sufficient periodic verifications of enrollees' life status to remove deceased individuals from active Medicaid enrollment,” the audit states. The findings come as the third-annual enrollment period for the New York State of Health program under the federal Affordable Care Act starts Sunday.
While proponents of Obamacare might argue that 354 people represents but a miniscule fraction of those enrolled through the New York exchange, Comptroller DiNapoli was apparently not given proper access in order to uncover the full extent of the situation at NYSOH.
Key findings in the audit report state that the comptroller's office was "unable to fully assess" the situation at NYSOH because the Health Department would not allow their auditors "adequate acces." From the audit report:
The Department did not provide auditors adequate access to the NYSOH system. Due to this limitation and other audit scope impairments, we were unable to fully assess the adequacy of NYSOH controls over Medicaid enrollments and fully determine the extent to which improper enrollments may have caused Medicaid overpayments. Consequently, readers of our audit report should consider the effect of the scope limitation on the conclusions presented in our report. • Using other Medicaid data sources, we determined that a range of design and process flaws in NYSOH's eligibility process permitted inappropriate Medicaid enrollments that resulted in overpayments totaling about $3.4 million since NYSOH's implementation. We determined: ◦ NYSOH enrolled deceased individuals and continued Medicaid coverage for individuals who had died after enrollment, resulting in Medicaid overpayments of $325,030; NYSOH issued multiple CINs to individual recipients, resulting in actual Medicaid overpayments of $2,852,210 and potential overpayments of $188,131; and
NYSOH issued unreasonably high numbers of CINs for expected multiple births per pregnancy – in some cases up to ten per pregnancy. In a single case, unnecessary CINs permitted eMedNY to make $4,796 in improper Medicaid payments for nine of ten improbable ‘unborn' CINs issued for one pregnancy.
Politics on the Hudson notes that New York's Medicaid program "totals $60 billion, with average monthly number of Medicaid enrollees at almost 6 million," thus the scope of the problem is likely far greater than the comptroller's audit reveals.
Of course, the Health Department has played down the audit's findings, citing "growing pains" as the reason it enrolled the deceased in Medicaid and cost $3.4 million in one state alone. Fear not. The department has promised to take steps to "improve" the system, and we all know that bureaucracies never break promises.
DE PERE - I am compelled to respond to Davies Wakefield's letter about “fake news.” Once upon a time, a long time ago, before the birther movement and before we were born into this Orwellian world, people understood fact from fiction. People knew that Sean Spicer's assertion, “Sometimes we can disagree with the facts,” meant you are wrong and dismissing the truth.
On Rush Limbaugh's website, they refer to a New York Times editorial by Jim Rutenburg, “Trump Is Testing the Norms of Objectivity in Journalism.” The article describes Trump's incessant lies and erratic attacks. Verbal assaults on a federal judge's Mexican heritage and a fight with a Muslim family of a fallen soldier top the list of truly unbelievable and deplorable Trump statements. Journalists need to vigorously and vigilantly report Trump's conduct. It is regretful that voters of this candidate chose to ignore their boorish behavior; however, it is imperative that it is reported.
Facts are facts. There aren't as Kellyanne Conway stated on “Meet the Press” on January 22: “alternative facts.” (Those are lies.) Another fact: The New York Times has been awarded 119 Pulitzer Prizes — universally regarded as the most prestigious in American journalism — more than any other news organization.
Julie Ollmann
Read or Share this story: http://gbpg.net/2kFqmtB
Bong Joon-ho, the South Korean director whose “Okja” stirred intense debate at Cannes because of Netflix's release plans, sounded a diplomatic note Wednesday. They said that they wanted to see their film screened in theaters, but that they respected the streaming giant's right to do as it wanted.
Bong made their comments at “Okja's” official press launch in South Korea, even as it remained unclear whether their film would be shown widely in their homeland. The country's top exhibitors have said they would not release “Okja” as expected on June 29 if Netflix insists on releasing the film online on the same day instead of waiting at least three weeks, which is standard practice in South Korea.
“South Korea has been a special territory for ‘Okja' since the beginning. And I am the one responsible for the current fuss,” Bong said at the press launch in Seoul. “My cinematographer and I always thought this film should look great on the big screen, and I told the distributors and Netflix that I want it to open in as many cinemas as possible in the U.S., U.K., and Korea.”
The film was set to release theatrically in South Korea through distributor Next Entertainment World. But following the tough line taken by French exhibitors angry at “Okja's” inclusion in official competition at Cannes last month, Korean theater operators have hardened their own positions. South Korea's three largest theater chains – CJ-CGV, Megabox, and Lotte – have all indicated that they would not show the film if it is simultaneously released online. However, all three exhibitors have kept open the door to further negotiations.
Related Sandra Bullock Moms Who See 'Bird Box' Will Think: 'That River Is My Journey as a Parent' TV Roundup: Amy Schumer Stand Up Special 'Growing' Drops First Trailer (Watch)
“Multiplexes want a three-week hold-back, which I understand because that's what is natural for exhibitors. On the other hand, Netflix has its simultaneous release policy, which I also respect,” said Bong. “New rules are being made because of these controversies.”
Bong has previously praised Netflix for financing the film, which is one of the largest-budget Korean pictures of all time, and for giving them creative freedom. On Wednesday they again underlined the rights conferred by ownership. “Netflix Originals are funded by Netflix users' subscription fees. We cannot deprive them of their right to access the film first,” they said.
In a lighter moment, Bong suggested that they provided a necessary talking point at the Cannes Film Festival this year. “Issues and controversies are essential to film festivals. We had to do it this year because Lars von Trier was not there this time,” Bong joked.
Get the biggest Everton FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Shane Duffy admits they hold their Everton FC fate in their own hands after being told to prove they are good enough for a Goodison future this summer.
The Republic of Ireland defender is valued by Roberto Martinez but has been informed that the club's forthcoming pre-season will be make or break for him.
Duffy, 22, who spent last term on loan at Yeovil Town, sat down with Martinez before joining the Ireland team on international duty, and was told where they stand.
They said: “Roberto told me that pre-season was my chance to shine and he's said to me that if I am where they think I am – from what he's seen of me this season – then I'm going to be involved.
“And if I'm not, we'll see at the end of pre-season what we're going to do. It's a big summer for me, it's up to me.”
Duffy impressed during their season in the Championship, even if their efforts were not enough to help keep Yeovil in the division, and they kept in regular contact with their Toffees' team-mates as they charted their progress.
And although they are yet to make a senior appearance under Martinez, they were quick to praise the man who led the Blues to fifth place in the Premier League last season.
“It's just the amount of planning, every stat, every little thing,” they added. “I can see them going higher, but hopefully they stay at Everton.”
Duffy's Irish team-mates Aiden McGeady and Seamus Coleman are also admirers of Martinez's precision and hands-on approach to training, and Duffy believes that Coleman's performance in particular is fast improving under the Spaniard's guidance.
“Seeing Seamus progress is brilliant for me because he's such a hard worker and it's a reward for how they live,” Duffy said. “And he's very good to me, they say, ‘If I can do it, you can do it' so we'll see what happens.”
The Derryman admitted that spending eight months with the Somerset-based Championship side allowed them to concentrate on football and appreciate their role at Everton further.
“Having been around the Premier League and the players and that lifestyle, you sort of get into it,” they said.
“When you're away from it, you see a different kind of life and it makes you grateful to be where you are at Everton.”
The former Ireland U-21 captain joined their international team-mates and new management team in Malahide this week, and while they are hoping that Martin O'Neill will award them their first cap this Saturday, they were also able to speak to the Ireland boss about their performance at Yeovil.
“He's told me to enjoy it, that he'd been to watch me and I'd done some good stuff and some bad stuff. They haven't promised me anything, so hopefully I'll do alright.”
They were only an unused sub for Eire's first friendly against Turkey, and even that underlined how far Duffy has come since they suffered a lacerated liver in a collision during a practice match with the Republic of Ireland in May 2010 which left them needing emergency surgery.
Four years on, they are refusing to dwell on the football injury which almost cost them their life.
“That could have been it for me,” they said. “I can remember it like yesterday, although it's only when I'm asked about it. I don't think about it any more.
“It's great to be here and able to look back and talk about it, but I can't be thinking about it either.
“The kind of player I am, I have to go and attack stuff. I've clattered into a few keepers this year and it's been no problem.
“I didn't ever want to say it, but I just wasn't the same player when I first came back. I can't quite put my finger on it, but I was just doing things differently.”
More Everton FC news:
Mersey World Cup memories: Tim Cahill makes history for the Socceroos in 2006
Everton's Leighton Baines pays emotional tribute to nan who died two weeks ago
Jag laughs off talk of England recall for John Terry
A record Premier League points haul but Martinez insists Blues did not over-achieve
From: evan
2008-12-08 06:43 am (UTC)
Cool, worked for me. From: obra
2008-12-08 06:54 am (UTC)
lovely... it's so much faster From: manuzhai
2008-12-08 08:55 am (UTC)
Temporary, so this will get pulled back into mainline?
This kind of hacks make me all the more excited to be getting a dev phone 1. From: brad
2008-12-08 09:22 am (UTC)
Temporary, so this will get pulled back into mainline?
I'll be working on submitting the patches. Not sure about the timeline, though.
From: fallenpegasus
2008-12-08 04:18 pm (UTC)
One thing that makes Drizzle so much fun to work on, is that if your patches are good, they roll back into the mainline quickly.
That's an important property of a project that to attract developers.
I am hoping that Google does this well. From: nedrichards
2008-12-08 01:02 pm (UTC)
+1 WIN From: compbrain
2008-12-08 04:29 pm (UTC)
Any thoughts on the duplicate notification problem? (ie, message comes in both the stock sms app and k9 trigger notifications) From: brad
2008-12-08 05:50 pm (UTC)
There are two issues: duplicate notifications and duplicate SMSes.
Notifications are easy to fix: just change the settings in either app to disable them. (haven't confirmed, but should work)
Duplicate SMSes will require me to update it: currently both SMS apps are reacting to incoming SMSes and writing it to the database, so it's going into the database twice. From: compbrain
2008-12-08 08:11 pm (UTC)
I thought of disabling the settings in the stock app, but it disables the notification in both. Here's hoping for a mainstream push From: brad
2008-12-08 09:19 pm (UTC)
In the meantime, I'll fix the K-9 SMS to have separate notification settings and not write the SMS database. From: ceredonia
2009-01-16 04:17 am (UTC)
Hello,
I just found this from a topic on the G1 forums. Do you have to do anything after you put the .apk file on your SD card? Or is it just automatic? I made sure to check the box that allows 3rd party apps. I'm not sure how to do this sort of stuff, but if it speeds up message threads and SMS, I'm all for it! From: brad
2009-01-16 06:17 am (UTC)
I'd just wait for the next system update.
JUBA (Reuters) - South Sudan's president and vice president ordered their loyalists to cease hostilities on Monday after days of fighting threatened to plunge the country back into civil war and bring further instability to an impoverished region of Africa.
Fighting erupted four days ago in the capital Juba between followers of President Salva Kiir and Riek Machar, the former rebel leader who became vice president under a deal to end a two-year civil war.
The violence, which has killed hundreds of people, broke out as the world's newest nation prepared to mark five years of independence from Sudan on July 9.
Presidential spokesperson Ateny Wek Ateny said Kiir and Machar had spoken by phone on Monday, a day which saw tanks and helicopters involved in some of the fiercest clashes yet.
“All the commanders of (Kiir's) forces are directed to cease any hostility and abide by the order and control their forces,” Ateny told Reuters. “President Salva Kiir is determined to carry on their partnership with Riek Machar.”
Machar responded by ordering their troops to stand down.
“The president has declared a unilateral ceasefire, I want to reciprocate the declaration of unilateral ceasefire,” they told the independent Eye Radio.
Much is unclear, however, about the latest violence in Juba, including what the objective of either side has been and how much control Kiir and Machar have over their forces.
The U.S. State Department said it was carrying out an “ordered departure” of its staff from South Sudan.
The fighting has raised fears of a return to the civil war that erupted in late 2013 and broadly ran along ethnic lines, pitting Kiir, an ethnic Dinka, against Machar, a Nuer.
The conflict killed thousands of people, forced more than 2.5 million people from their homes and left almost half the population of 11 million people struggling to find food. Oil production, by far the biggest source of government revenue, has plummeted.
A new flare-up risks driving yet more people to refugee camps in neighboring countries in the central African region, which is already plagued by myriad woes.
Central African Republic is riven by conflict, the eastern region of the Democratic Republic of Congo is contending with a patchwork of militias and rebels groups, and Burundi is embroiled in a violent political crisis.
The U.N. Security Council on Sunday demanded Kiir and Machar rein in their forces and end the fighting. The U.N. mission in South Sudan, UNMISS, expressed its “outrage” after its bases in Juba were caught in the crossfire between the two sides and two Chinese peacekeepers were killed.
The United States condemned the violence and said it would hold those who commit atrocities or impede efforts to stop the fighting “fully accountable.”
“We call on those fighting to return to their barracks. This senseless and inexcusable violence, undertaken by those who yet again are putting self-interest above the well-being of their country and people, puts at risk everything the South Sudanese people have aspired to over the past five years,” White House national security adviser Susan Rice said in a statement.
Displaced South Sudanese families are seen in a camp for internally displaced people in the United Nations Mission in South Sudan (UNMISS) compound in Tomping, Juba, South Sudan, July 11, 2016. Beatrice Mategwa/United Nations Mission in South Sudan (UNMISS)/Handout via REUTERS
WRANGLING
Kiir and Machar have long been rivals, both in politics and on the battlefield. Civil war broke out in 2013 a few months after Kiir sacked Machar as their deputy.
Fighting has often erupted outside Juba since the two men signed a peace deal in August last year. But this was the first time it had flared in Juba since Machar finally returned in April after months of wrangling about terms of the pact.
Clemence Pinaud, an assistant professor at Indiana University and an expert on South Sudan, said that tensions increased in Juba during the past month.
“We most likely witnessed an acceleration ... into a full-on war in Juba between the two parties,” Pinaud said.
Experts say the failure to swiftly implement important elements of the deal, such as integrating and demobilizing their forces, has allowed tension to fester and risked igniting a new conflict.
U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on Monday urged the Security Council to impose an arms embargo on South Sudan, sanction leaders and commanders who blocked the implementation of a peace deal and fortify the UNMISS mission.
There has been no official death toll from the recent flare up but at least five soldiers died on Thursday and a Health Ministry source said 272 people, including 33 civilians, were killed on Friday. Sunday and Monday's fighting was more fierce.
UNMISS said gunfire had erupted on Monday around the U.N. headquarters in the Jebel area of Juba and also around a base near the airport. It said U.N. sites had been hit in exchanges of fire, killing eight and injuring 67.
Slideshow (15 Images)
Highlighting lawlessness on Juba's streets, one resident said they saw police officers trying to loot a shop in their neighborhood by shooting off the padlocks and firing in the air to scare away people, echoing similar witness reports on Sunday.
An army spokesperson said that any soldier found stealing civilian property or looting would be arrested, and shot at if they resisted.
The African regional grouping IGAD echoed the U.N. Secretary-General's call to beef up UNMISS's mandate, calling for it be given an enforcement role similar to a U.N.-backed intervention brigade working in eastern Congo.
Through the civil war, however, world powers and regional states struggled to find leverage over the warring factions, despite U.S. and European sanctions on some military leaders and African threats of punitive actions.
Will the Dark Side win in Cracked's Adventures in Jedi School mini-series? The only way to know is to watch!
Darth Vader and their underlings planned every last subtle detail, right down to the color of the spaceships and Vader's own robot voice, according to what science says works.
The Rebels got lucky. Han, Luke, Leia, that Nib-Nub guy who flew with Lando, all of them should have been death-starred hard in the face by the Empire -- and not just because of the Empire's superior numbers and technology.
5 The Color Black Is Scientifically Proven to Intimidate People
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
At the beginning of Episode IV, stormtroopers blast the crap out of some rebel scum. As the smoke clears, out steps a 6-foot-6-inch black-suited man-giant. We realize immediately that this dude is bad as hell, and he's done nothing more than appear on screen for a few seconds.
Also, they do this.
And It Works Because ...
We know what you're thinking: Big deal. Bad guys always wear black. It's an easy way for the audience to know they're evil.
Yeah, but ... why? Why would that one color have any emotion connected to it at all, let alone fear and intimidation?
After all, black also makes us more aggressive. Researchers back in the late 80s noticed that hockey teams in black uniforms earned more penalties and generally played a meaner game, and not all by mere coincidence. Teams that switched to black mid season were suddenly visiting the penalty box and calling the ref a dick a lot more often, too.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The answer may go back to our built-in fear of disease and uncleanliness; experiments show that people instinctively connect black not only with evil and immorality, but contamination and sickness (if you noticed a patch of skin or one of your teeth turn black, you wouldn't assume it was a good thing).
The trio called in their blackmail attempt to the family. File photo: Randy Robertson/Flikr
Three young Norwegians have been arrested for staging a kidnapping and trying to leach cash from one the trio's family members.
"They have been arrested for attempted blackmail," Per Kristian Klausen, head of the police investigation, told the Fædrelandsvennen local newspaper.
"They tried to blackmail family members by using a fictional kidnapping."
The trio consists of two women aged 18 and 21, and a 22-year-old man, all of whom hail from Kristiansand on the southern tip of Norway.
While the police declined to specify how much money the three accomplices had tried to get their hands on through the faked abduction, they expressed their disbelief at the plot.
"I have never seen anything like it," Klausen said
The National's At Issue panel panel rang off on the second federal leaders' debate on the economy, bell and all, on how each of the candidates fared.
Postmedia/National Post columnist Andrew Coyne started by saying it was a very good night for Conservative Leader Stephen Harper.
Harper "was very relaxed, very conversant, and was able to make warnings about their opponents without sounding shrill," said Coyne, who ranked NDP Leader Tom Mulcair as having a "mixed night."
As for Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau, Coyne felt they had rehearsed their lines and "shouted way too much."
Toronto Star national affairs columnist ChantalHébert laughed and said they could overhear colleagues in Montreal saying Trudeau had a really good night.
"And I'm not saying they're right, or Andrew's wrong," Hebert told CBC News chief correspondent Peter Mansbridge. "But I believe that this debate will not break the deadlock... I don't think we'll see one of them breaking away from the pack as a result."
Pollster Bruce Anderson of Abacus Data said the debate marked a beginning with "three leaders who really know what they want to sell and they're actually getting better at selling it."
Trudeau, Anderson said, established on Thursday that they "had the most urgent idea of change, that we really need to get on with change."
"Whether it comes of as too aggressive for some or just the right tone for others, it's just too early to tell."
At that point, Mansbridge deployed Thursday night's frequently used (and equally mocked) tool of Globe and Mail debate moderator David Walmsley — a timer bell.
Peter Mansbridge trolls <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/GlobeDebate?src=hash">#GlobeDebate</a> on live TV <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/elxn42?src=hash">#elxn42</a> <a href="http://t.co/hd7Lwta7XA">pic.twitter.com/hd7Lwta7XA</a> —@siomo
Watch the full segment above, and find more stories and features from The National here.
The news is rife with President Trump's threatened and actual military misadventures: in Syria, Yemen, and North Korea. But these military actions take on a new gravity considering the vast and secret powers Trump inherited.
Former President Obama escalated the use of drone strikes – including in non-battlefield arenas such as Libya, Pakistan, Somalia, and Yemen – so it is no surprise that President Trump has continued with abandon. While Obama put some constraints on drones, Trump gave the secretive, unaccountable CIA new authority to conduct drone strikes against “suspected militants.”
Specifically, President Obama's constraints on drones included that targets pose an “imminent threat,” that their capture is “not feasible,” and that there be “near certainty” civilians will not be injured or killed. However, Obama didn't always hew closely to their own policy, which evolved throughout their Presidency as legitimate criticism of drone strikes increased. One of the most famous Americans targeted and killed by a drone, al Qaeda propagandist Anwar al-Awlaki, met none of the early purported criteria. Still, the Justice Department under Obama maintained that the President had the unilateral authority to target and kill American citizens like al-Awlaki. That power now rests with President Trump who has undertaken aggressive and messy military actions in the early days of their presidency.
Trump has pushed for a $54 billion increase in defense spending. Americans can expect Trump will use their money for expensive military actions like the botched raid in Yemen that killed innocent women and children and an American soldier and resulted in destruction of a $75 million military helicopter. Or, for decisions that upend years of international relations policy, such as launching 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles at Syria. (Replacing them will probably cost at least $1 million per missile).
This does not bode well for the millions of people living under the daily buzz of U.S. military drones. The power to target and kill using drone strikes went too unchecked in the Obama administration because we “trusted” him. Although small pockets of national security, civil liberties, and peace groups complained about the Trust Doctrine, which seemed to apply to the most controversial conduct in which our country was engaged – from torture to surveillance to drone operations–people in positions of power were generally unwilling or unable to imagine what this power would look like in the hands of someone unpredictable, petty, and vengeful. The Obama administration exalted the drone program's “surgical precision,” the internal checks and balances built in, and the careful calculations before taking strikes. Because many saw Obama as a reasonable, intelligent President and capable leader who won the Nobel Peace Prize, Americans too calmly and too quietly accepted the secret killing practices being waged halfway around the world from US Air Force bases in our backyards in Nevada and California.
The drone program is plagued by secrecy and unaccountability. That was true even before Trump put strike authority with the CIA and possibly relaxed civilian kill standards. Several whistleblowers have come forward to point out abusive practices and high turnover within the program, misleading government statements on the accuracy of strikes and targeting capabilities, and an overall pressure to launch strikes while falsely presenting the propagandist narrative that drone warfare allows precision targeting with no harmful effects at home in the US. This false narrative persists because politicians want us to believe it – and so do we.
We opened Pandora's box and unleashed drones upon humankind. But in this case, the damage was entirely foreseeable.
Jesselyn Radack is a national security and human rights attorney who heads the “Whistleblower & Source Protection” project at ExposeFacts. Twitter: @jesselynradack. Reprinted with permission from ExposeFacts.
Along with their iconic role as Luke Skywalker, Mark Hamill has filled the decades in between Star Wars films by embarking on an accomplished career as a voice actor. Their latest gig? Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
Hamill already holds one of the most iconic roles in animated history with their turn as the Joker in Batman The Animated Series, and now he's set to take on the mantle of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles villain Kavaxas in the Nickelodeon animated series in an upcoming episode. Sadly, not much is actually known about the character, though the actor did reveal a piece of concept art showing off the “Demodragon of the Underworld” (gotta love that name, but the way).
It's great to see Hamill having a bit of a career resurgence to go along with their Star Wars return, and along with their gig as the Trickster on The Flash, we seem poised for a Hamill renaissance in the coming years. Heck, he's even bringing their Joker back to life for the upcoming Killing Joke animated film, so he's seriously firing on all cylinders these days.
Most people had never heard of Luka Magnotta… until a severed human hand and foot were mailed to Canadian government officials. But by the time the 29-year old alleged killer was arrested in an Internet café in Germany less than a week later on June 4th, their name and back-story were infamous. Magnotta had apparently made a video of themselves killing, dismembering, and eating their victim. The video had circulated online, leading to Magnotta's identification as the suspect, an international manhunt, and ultimately, the mainstream celebrity he'd always craved.
Snuff films were supposed to be an urban legend. And yet, it turns out, now they're real. Thanks to the Internet, peoples' ability to film and distribute murder to a mass audience has never been easier.
The audience congregates on gore sites (also known as shock sites) like BestGore.com, GoreGrish.com, and TheYNC.com. The members of these sites, which are hosted in Canada and the US, respectively, scour the Internet for videos of true-life killings, maiming, torture, and abuse, and post them for millions of fellow gore seekers.
Considering the states of unrest in places like Syria, Mexico, and the former Soviet Union, the sites and their users have a lot to choose from. You'll find entire topics devoted just to Mexican drug cartel beheadings, for example, and surprisingly intimate footage taken from dashboards with camera phones, that make you feel as if you're right there in the car with the Zetas as they're gunning down rivals.
But amidst the videos of accidents, drug violence, bombings and executions, an occasional video of private citizens killing other private citizens for kicks pops up. So when the Magnotta video debuted, most gore site users were less shocked than you might think. After all, they'd been following their career all along.
Warning: the referenced sites, videos, and links contain graphic content of torture, gore, and violence. Surf at your own peril.
A survey of more than 7000 HBR readers shows the extent and consequences of bureaucracy in their organizations. “Bureaucratic drag” slows work down, wastes time, stifles innovation, and causes employees to focus too much on internal matters rather than their customers. Not surprisingly, the problem is much worse in larger companies. And it seems to be increasing over time.
We recently asked members of the HBR community to gauge the extent of “bureaucratic sclerosis” within their organization using our Bureaucracy Mass Index (BMI) tool. Since then, we've received over 7,000 responses from a diverse group of participants. Here are our initial takeaways:
The blight of bureaucracy seems inescapable. For each completed survey, we calculated an overall BMI score by aggregating responses across seven categories of bureaucratic drag: bloat, friction, insularity, disempowerment, risk aversion, inertia, and politicking. We computed an overall BMI based on scale of 20 to 100, based on answers to the first twenty questions of the survey. On our scale, a score of 60 represents a moderate degree of bureaucratic drag, while anything less than 40 indicates a relative absence of bureaucracy. Of the responses tallied, 64% reported a BMI of more than 70, while less than 1% had a BMI under 40. Not surprisingly, BMI scores were correlated with organizational size. The average BMI for companies with more than 5,000 employees was 75. Of the respondents who reported a BMI of less than 40, three-fourths worked in organizations with fewer than 100 employees. This confirms what most of us have long suspected: large companies suffer from managerial diseconomies of scale.
Bureaucracy is growing not shrinking. Nearly two-thirds of respondents felt their organization had become more bureaucratic—more centralized, more rule-bound and more conservative—over the past few years. Only 13% of respondents said their organizations had become less bureaucratic. Interestingly, individuals working in customer service, sales, production, logistics and R&D were more likely to feel that bureaucracy was growing than those working in functions like HR, finance, planning, purchasing, and administration. In other words, the individuals who feel most hamstrung by bureaucracy are the ones most directly involved in creating customer value.
Organizations aren't becoming flatter. Despite, all the rhetoric about holacracy and “flatarchies”, the average respondent works in an organization that has more than 6 management layers. In large organizations (more than 5,000 employees) front line employees are buried under 8 or more layers of management.
Bureaucracy is a time trap. BMI survey-takers reported spending an average of 28% of their time—more than one day a week—on bureaucratic chores such as preparing reports, attending meetings, complying with internal requests, securing sign-offs and interacting with staff functions. Moreover, a significant portion of that work seems to be creating little or no value. Less than 40% of respondents found typical bureaucratic processes (e.g. budgeting, goal-setting, performance reviews) to be “very helpful.” Another indicator of bureaucratic waste: nearly 40% of respondents said their ability to deliver value would be either unaffected or enhanced by a 30% reduction in the number of head office staffers.
Bureaucracy is the enemy of speed. Two-thirds of respondents believe that bureaucracy is a significant drag on the pace of decision-making in their organization—a number that rises to nearly 80% in large companies. Negotiating budget exceptions—often necessary when a company has to move quickly—was also impeded by bureaucracy. The average time for getting approval for an un-budgeted expenditure was 20 days or more in large organizations, versus 13 days in companies with fewer than 100 employees.
Bureaucracy produces parochialism. Survey respondents spend 42% of their time on internal issues — resolving disputes, wrangling resources, sorting out personnel issues, negotiating targets, and other tedious domestic tasks. Most swamped are executives in large companies who devote nearly half of their time to in-house matters. The worrying implication: senior leaders, who are typically charged with creating strategy, are significantly less externally focused than their subordinates. Little wonder, then, that incumbents are often slow to respond to emerging threats and opportunities.
Bureaucracy undermines empowerment. When asked whether they had “substantial” or “complete” autonomy to (a) set priorities, (b) decide on work methods, and (c) choose their own boss, only 11% answered in the affirmative. In a similar vein, respondents estimated that fewer than 10% of the employees in their organizations could spend $1,000 without getting a sign-off from their boss. A further sign of disempowerment: more than three quarters of respondents indicated that front-line employees were either “never” or only “occasionally” involved in the design and development of major change initiatives. Since change that is imposed is often resisted, this lack of involvement is undoubtedly a contributor to the high failure rates of major change programs.
Bureaucracy frustrates innovation. New ideas are the lifeblood of any organization, yet only 20% of respondents said that unconventional ideas were greeted with interest or enthusiasm in their organization. Eighty percent said new ideas were likely to encounter indifference, skepticism, or outright resistance. Equally troubling is the lack of support for experimentation. Companies like Google, Amazon, Facebook, and Intuit recognize the value of bottom-up innovation and make it easy for employees to launch small-scale experiments. Not so for most of the organizations in our survey. Ninety-six percent of respondents working in companies with more than 1,000 employees said it was “not easy” or “very difficult” for a front-line employee to launch a new initiative.
Bureaucracy breeds inertia. In a bureaucracy, change programs are implemented top-down. The problem is, by the time an issue is big enough or urgent enough to capture top management's scarce attention, the organization is already behind. Not surprisingly, nearly 60% of those surveyed said that change programs in their organization were “mostly,” or “almost always” focused on catching up. Fewer than 10% of the respondents from large companies said change programs were “mostly” or “almost always” focused on breaking new ground.
Bureaucracies are petty and political. In a formal hierarchy, competition for influence and advancement is a zero-sum game—hence the prevalence of backbiting and politicking revealed in our survey. Nearly 70% of big-company respondents indicate that political behaviors (like blame-shifting, resource hoarding, and turf battles) are “often” observed in their organizations. Overall, 64% of respondents claimed that political skills “often” or “almost always” influence who gets ahead, and in large organizations, that figure jumps to 76%. Again, while disturbing, this isn't surprising. In a bureaucracy, power often goes to the most politically astute rather than the most competent. While we may live in the era of big data and information transparency, it seems that office politics hasn't advanced much from the sort of noxious gamesmanship portrayed in television series like Mad Men and House of Cards.
Taken as a whole, the BMI survey provides yet more evidence of the toll bureaucracy takes on productivity and resilience. It is a tax on human accomplishment. Unfortunately, though, bureaucracy won't easily be beaten. The problem isn't that we lack role models. Companies like Nucor, Morning Star, Spotify, Haier, and others have demonstrated that it's possible to run large, complex organizations with a minimum of bureaucracy, and that doing so yields substantial performance advantages.
It seems that the real impediments are deeper and more personal.
When we asked survey participants to identify the most significant barriers to down-sizing bureaucracy, 57% of them pointed to the reluctance of senior executives to share power, and 50% cited the widely-held belief that bureaucracy is essential for control. These average responses, though, are misleading. While nearly two-thirds of front-line associates viewed power lust as a barrier to cutting bureaucracy, only a third of CEOs shared that view. There was a similar split around the belief that bureaucracy is critical to achieving control. While 57% of first-level employees cited this as an impediment, only 27% of CEOs expressed a similar belief. Another gap emerged when we asked respondents to reflect on the fact that bureaucracy is both familiar and entrenched. Fifty-four percent of lower-level employees saw this as barrier, compared to only 23% of CEOs. So who's right here? Frontline employees who believe that bureaucracy is vigorously defended and deeply embedded, or senior executives who see bureaucracy as a less fearsome foe?
As you ponder that question, we should note that there was one area of consensus. Senior leaders and lower level employees agreed that a lack of information and competence on the front lines is not a barrier to the devolution of authority and responsibility. Indeed, only 26% of CEOs and 36% of front-line employees mentioned this as an impediment—which leads to an intriguing question: If there's a broad consensus that employees are, in fact, capable of self-management, why do they remain mired in a bureaucratic morass? Either senior leaders are more reluctant to share power and more skeptical about their employees' capabilities than they're willing to admit, or there are other, deeper, barriers to banishing bureaucracy.
One of these barriers may be the lack of a step-by-step guide for disassembling bureaucracy. So while many may believe that radical empowerment is possible, few know how to make that happen. Where do you start? How do you overcome pockets of resistance? How do you build the right sort of culture and values? How do you prepare individuals to take on more responsibility? What supporting changes in information systems, incentives and organizational structure are necessary? Sadly, when it comes to bureaucracy, there's no uninstall button.
Having said that, members of our species have often ventured forth without a map. This was true for America's founders; it was true for those in the 19th century who fought to end slavery; and it was true for those who dreamed of landing human beings on the moon. Today, it is true for those who are working to build machines that can think and emote, for those who hope to end humanity's dependence on fossil fuels, and for those who are seeking to bridge the digital divide.
In all these cases, what propelled the pioneers forward wasn't certainty of success, but rather the opportunity to expand the boundaries of human capability and further the cause of human dignity. These are the motivations that must be harnessed if we are to rid our organizations of the stultifying effects of bureaucracy.
In most organizations the costs of bureaucracy are largely hidden. Our accounting systems don't measure the costs of inertia, insularity, disempowerment, and all the other forms of bureaucratic drag. Nowhere do we capture the costs of a management model that perpetuates a caste system of thinkers (managers) and doers (everyone else), that regards human beings as mere “resources,” that values conformance above all else, that squeezes people into slot-shaped roles irrespective of their innate capabilities, that swallows up human initiative in the quicksand of bureaucratic busy-work, and that regards freedom as a dangerous threat to alignment and discipline.
Measuring bureaucratic drag is a first step towards changing all this. As the size of the bureaucratic tax on human accomplishment becomes more visible, inaction will become more difficult to defend. If, as they claim, leaders are willing to share power, and if, as our respondents believe, employees are capable of exercising it wisely, then there's no excuse for not getting on with the hard but eminently worthwhile work of dismantling bureaucracy.
Complete the BMI assessment on HBR.org.
Dramatists Guild "Increasingly Dismayed" Tony Broadcast Excludes Best Book and Best Score Categories; Sends Letter to CBS Execs
Just weeks after taking over as president of the Dramatists Guild of America, Doug Wright has stepped into the controversy over who gets seen on the Tony Awards broadcast.
In a letter on union stationery addressed to Leslie Moonves, president and CEO of CBS, which broadcasts the Tony Awards, Wright formally requested that the awards in the categories of Best Score and Best Book of a Musical be henceforth presented on the live-televised portion of the ceremony, not in the untelevised Creative Arts Awards that precede them and can be seen live only by those in the theatre where the awards ceremony is taking place.
Speaking on behalf of the Dramatists Guild membership, Wright wrote "we are increasingly dismayed that the awards in the major writing categories have been presented off-camera. In doing so, the broadcast marginalizes the roles of playwrights, composers and lyricists in forging the American Theater."
They specifically cited the recently-broadcast 2015 Tony Awards broadcast, saying "Jeanine Tesori, Lisa Kron and Alison Bechdel made history when they became the first all-female writing team to take home awards for Best Score, Best Book and, ultimately, Best Musical [for Fun Home]. Yet audiences were not privy to this milestone, because two out of these three honors were supplanted by commercials."
Dated June 9, the letter was shared with Playbill.com by the Guild.
Wright is a Tony-winning Broadway playwright himself, having written I Am My Own Wife plus librettos to Grey Gardens, The Little Mermaid and Hands on a Hardbody. Wright concluded by writing to Moonves, "The Dramatists Guild strongly urges you to reconsider this policy in future years and, instead, make the Tony Awards truly reflective of the artists who create the magic that fills American stages."
Here is the full text of the letter, which was cc'd to American Theatre Wing President Heather A. Hitchens and Broadway League President Charlotte St. Martin, co-presenters of the Tony Awards.
Dear Mr. Moonves:
Congratulations on the 2015 Tony Awards Telecast. As president of the Dramatists Guild, I applaud CBS for continuing to champion live theater on national television.
That said, we are increasingly dismayed that the awards in the major writing categories have been presented off-camera. In doing so, the broadcast marginalizes the roles of playwrights, composers and lyricists in forging the American Theater. And yet, theater begins with the dramatists who face down the blank page.
A list of great theater writers includes some of the most enduring names in popular culture: George and Ira Gershwin, Irving Berlin, Arthur Miller, Tennessee Williams, and Stephen Sondheim. Exciting new writers are joining their ranks every season on Broadway, but by failing to grant them visibility; CBS is regrettably erasing them from the historical record. This is a shame not only for the telecast, but also for our national musical and literary heritage.
We understand that your mission is two-fold: to honor our art form, but also to create entertaining television. Nevertheless, the omission of writers is patently arbitrary. Surely the names of many Broadway actors, directors and producers are no more familiar to the average viewer than those of our members.
This year, arguably, the exclusion of authors made the event less thrilling. The “Best Book” category featured two legends: Craig Lucas (a librettist, screenwriter, and a three-time Tony nominee whose Broadway work includes the play Prelude to a Kiss and the musical The Light in the Piazza), and Terrence McNally (a seven-time nominee who won for Ragtime and Kiss of the Spider Woman, as well as a two-time Tony winner for “Best Play”). The “Best Score” contest boasted giants in our field: John Kander and the late Fred Ebb, with over a dozen nominations apiece for iconic works ranging from Cabaret to Chicago, and a certain globally renowned rock-star named Sting. Audiences would no doubt find this information educative and dramatically engaging; these figures are titans on Broadway and elsewhere. Shockingly, on the broadcast, they were rendered invisible.
In fact, Jeanine Tesori, Lisa Kron and Alison Bechdel made history when they became the first all-female writing team to take home awards for Best Score, Best Book and, ultimately, Best Musical. Yet audiences were not privy to this milestone, because two out of these three honors were supplanted by commercials.
Every year, the Academy Awards faithfully include screenwriters in not one but two categories. And it's not just the Oscars; the Grammys, Emmys and Golden Globes all award the writers in their respective industries on the air. Ironically it's the theater that most esteems writers; we are generally recognized as the principal artistic force behind new work, and we even retain ownership and control over the material we create. Yet on the very awards show intended to celebrate our craft, we are effectively negated.
The Dramatists Guild strongly urges you to reconsider this policy in future years and, instead, make the Tony Awards truly reflective of the artists who create the magic that fills American stages.
Respectfully,
Doug Wright
President, Dramatists Guild of America
Despite being excluded from the Presidential debate stage at Washington University, Green Party Presidential nominee Jill Stein will engage in real time with the official debate, making their case directly to the American people in a simultaneous broadcast on multiple online and televised platforms. During the first Presidential debate at Hofstra University, Dr. Stein participated via a livestream that has reached over 19.2 million viewers to date. Since that broadcast, polls have been released showing that 76% of Americans want open Presidential debates, and 57% want a major-party alternative to the Democratic and Republican parties.
On October 9th, Dr. Stein will provide real-time responses to the debate questions alongside Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton from a studio near Washington University. Them responses will be inserted into the ongoing live feed of the official debate. This democratized version of the Presidential debate will be livestreamed on Jill Stein and Ajamu Baraka's official social media accounts via Periscope and Facebook Live, with a televised simulcast carried by Democracy Now! on Free Speech TV and Link TV as part of their "Expanding the Debate" special. Online viewers can also read, watch and share individual responses that will be posted on Dr. Stein's Twitter stream.
Information on simulcasting the live feed for online and broadcast media is available through the Stein/Baraka campaign's technical team. As the format will require pausing the official debate telecast to allow for Dr. Stein's responses, we anticipate that our broadcast will run approximately 30-40 minutes longer than the official debate.
WHO: Jill Stein, Green Party Presidential nominee
WHAT: Simultaneous online and televised broadcast of responses to the second Presidential Debate
WHEN: Sunday, October 9, 9:00-11:30pm ET
WHERE: Live Feed available for online and broadcast platforms via Wirecast
- Jill Stein official Twitter Account via Periscope: http://twitter.com/drjillstein
- Jill Stein official Facebook Account: http://facebook.com/drjillstein
- Ajamu Baraka official Twitter Account via Periscope:http://twitter.com/ajamubaraka
- Ajamu Baraka official Facebook Account: http://facebook.com/ajamubaraka
- Democracy Now! "Expanding the Debate" special via Free Speech TV and Link TV
- Other online and broadcast platforms TBA
About John Bedford John is Metabomb's Editor-in-Chief, and is responsible for all of the Hearthstone news, features and guides content on the site.
Two new characters have just been revealed for Heroes of the Storm: Li Ming, representing Diablo 3's Wizard, and Xul the Necromancer from Diablo 2.
Last night, we had the opportunity to speak with Game Director Dustin Browder about the design of these new characters, and also find out a little more on the team's immediate plans for improving matchmaking and addressing the stun meta.
(Don't forget to check out our Heroes of the Storm Hero guides if you want to get up to speed with any other characters in the game!)
I wanted to ask you first of all about the new character Li Ming. What sort of diversity is there in the build system for this Hero? "We're doing lots of different stuff with our talents. As we become more and more comfortable with the system we learn more and more. We've got lucky in the past with some of our Heroes - where our early tests were pretty successful - and we got unlucky in a couple of cases with some of our earlier builds - they weren't as diverse as we'd like and we're revisiting them as we go. For a character like Li Ming we've got three core builds, although obviously you can mix and match as well. "The first build you can take with Li Ming is a Magic Missile build which is a good, midrange build. Li Ming is a little less worried about what their teammates are doing than they are about the battleground and what the enemy is doing. The Magic Missile build is good against teams of mixed compositions, or if you're on a battleground where you're not sure where you'll be fighting. You want to be good at distance and good close-up, and you need that flexibility overall. "The Arcane Orb build is a much more poke-orientated build for when you're on a battleground like Cursed Hollow where you know there's going to be a lot of poking going on. Say you're against Raynor - who can shove you away - he's not easy to burst into oblivion but you know you want to poke this guy to pieces. "The last build is a little bit more scary, and it's a teleport build. It involves not you're teleporting out of danger, but instead taking your vulnerable glass-cannon wizard and teleporting right into the heart of the action, then blowing everyone up with all kinds of teleport-orientated attacks. "This is a very dangerous and very aggressive build. If you know what you're doing with it, if you understand the strategy of the game, if you're carefully timing enemies core crowd-control abilities, and you understand when it's safe to approach and when it's not safe to approach, you can get a tonne of value out of a teleport build." >
How the team designs new Heroes When you're designing these characters and their roster of skills, what's your process for deciding which ones work for a particular Hero? How do you arrive at those core HotS abilities from such a wider pool available in the original universe? "You can look at any one of the Diablo 3 characters and see the challenges we're dealing with there. Look at Sonia, or Kharazim or the Wizard or Nazeebo. "I'd certainly argue that a core part of Witch Doctor is Zombie Dogs. When we developed Nazeebo, we thought we had to go another way though - I feel like we have to be very careful how much we use pets in the game. They can fill up the game with a lot of noise, and it can be difficult to control them. We had to go another way with that character, but we want to be true to the core. What is this person about? What does it feel like when you play them? "We definitely look for iconic abilities. We really felt like [Li Ming's] Disintegrate was an iconic ability from Diablo 3. There are certainly players who don't use that ability, but it's such an iconic ability, just how it jumps off the sceen at you when you see someone using it. "We thought if we can hold onto that then we should try. We're always looking for those kinds of opportunities, such as Sonia with Whirlwind. Are there other Barbarian abilities? Absolutely, but Whirlwind works for us and we're looking for those intersections."
Can we talk a little bit about the origins of Xul? "He comes from Diablo 2.  They are a well-loved Diablo 2 hero that didn't really come forward in exactly the same form in Diablo 3...He's been an often requested character from us by our players since we announced the game in 2013. At PAX, Gamescom and so on, people asked for Necromancer. We thought it would be fun to make a guy who can summon skeletons, can curse enemies, and really get that Necromancer vibe from Diablo 2."
You teased the other day on Twitter that you might look into Diablo 2 characters... "There were some people asking me specifics about things with voiceovers and people asking if it was Diablo 2. I'm really not meant to leak this stuff, tempting though it may be from time to time! I will no doubt doing it again some time by mistake! They were such iconic characters from that era of gaming if you had a chance to play it. The Diablo 2 Druid would be an absolute blast, and the Paladin would be an absolute joy."
Are you going to move on from Diablo 3 now and focus on the other universes? Or maybe do some of the remaining Diablo 3 bad guys? "We're always bouncing around. We feel like Heroes is at its most fun when you don't know what's coming next, it's all crazy, and stuff's changing all the time - there's a new weird character coming out of the woodwork to join the Nexus. "We had a period of time last summer where we had a Diablo-themed event which was pretty cool and we did enjoy it. But it did seem like it was a little too much Diablo. I think we definitely want to consider themed events going forwards, but for shorter periods of time. "We definitely want to bounce around a lot. We want Heroes of the Storm in its right groove where it's doing crazy stuff all the time. We'll definitely do some new universes going forwards, but we'll bounce back to Diablo, and just try to keep it as fresh as possible."
The future of matchmaking in Heroes of the Storm What's happening in the next round of matchmaking changes, and what's the acceptable balance between getting a good game and getting a quick game? "Well, right now we're definitely going a little long on the matchmaking. We've extended our matchmaker by around 30 seconds depending on your skill level, the time of day etc. We've definitely seen big improvements in the matchmaker, we can study the behind-the-scenes data. We know how many games the matchmaker was making in the past that it knew were bad matches, and we've seen a drastic reduction. "Right now we're definitely taking a little longer to make better matches and that's in line with our feedback from players saying "Hey, I'd rather take another minute to make a match and have a good one, than have [a faster] one that's garbage. "We just recently made a change about team size, and we're going to study that change and see how it goes. We were caring a little less about team size in December when we rolled out those changes. Now, in January, we have feedback about team size. We see the numbers - who's winning and losing - for things like five-man versus solo. The numbers are not bad and even pretty fair. We can actually see that at a lot of skill levels, the five solos do just fine. "The perception issues are real [though], and I think it sometimes feels like teams are in a hole when the game begins and it kind of feels bad. "The matchmaking team decided to tackle that problem. They went ahead and made a change, I think just last week. Does it have a negative impact, a positive impact? I'm not saying you'll never get a five-man team versus solos, but we've definitely favoured matching bigger groups versus bigger groups, while also trying to keep the skill level in line with one another. Skill level is a critical component to hang onto. "Going forward I know there's more the team wants to do, and they're studying what is possible and what is not possible. I don't know if this is going in or not, but one of the rules they're examining involves a bunch of Heroes we call "low lane presence" Heroes - they change the style of everyone on their team when they come into play. "When you get too many of them on one team it can be very challenging to figure out what to do. For example if you get Murky, Nova, Cho'Gall all on one team, then throw in a Zeratul...We don't think it would damage the matchmaking time to make sure some of these Heroes were split up more often than not. We'll take a look at that and see if that's viable. "There's also a lot of enthusiasm on the matchmaking team to take a look at MMR accuracy. The MMR is supposed to reflect something in the real world. Right now it reflects your wins and your losses, but it's also supposed to represent how good you are. If, for some reason, you've been lucky and got more wins than losses, that number could divert you from your actual rating...We're also looking at adjusting your MMR based on the number of games played with a particular Hero."
Introducing new social features into the game Will there be more tools to dictate what type of group I want? For example, if I'm looking for a party but I want to specify a preference to play a Ranged Assassin, or another character archetype that I feel I'm good at playing? "We're not planning on that right now. I would like to get more social systems like a clan system to let you self-organise teams a lot more easily, but still have a social contract with players before you go into a game. I do think the best way to play the game is with friends, and the barriers to players doing so are a little higher than I would like. "There are players going into chat channels and finding people which is great, but I know a lot of players are not doing that. I encourage everyone out there to go into the chat channels, talk to your fellow gamers, find like-minded players and play with them. But I do want to add more tools down the road to allow yourself to organise, for sure.
Do you think that's the main barrier for the next big push to elevate the popularity of the game? "I think that will certainly help, and I think there's lots more work we can do on this game. We can do more balance, we can add more Heroes. We don't have bans yet, we don't have Master League yet, we've got to do Seasons! There's so much stuff we have yet to do in this game that we keep working on. "I'm always excited about the next patch, I'm excited about what's coming in the months to come. I always feel like whatever we're playing now, it's going to be so much better in just a few months. If you could just knock me out and wake me up a month from now I'd be so excited. I cannot wait for what's coming next."
How the developers intend to fix the stun meta Regarding the stun meta, what's your top-down approach for dealing with this problem? "First step is to just nerf some of the more obnoxious stuns. Second step is we can remove some stuns from certain characters that I don't think have any business having stuns on them - or at least not that many. Third step, if none of that works, is to discuss concepts like stun reduction over time - like World of Warcraft has."
BART police are releasing surveillance images of an armed robbery suspect who threatened a woman aboard a BART train Monday morning.
The victim was on board a Fremont-bound train between the Hayward and South Hayward Stations at about 9:30 am when the suspect approached them and showed what appeared to be a black semi-automatic handgun. The suspect then grabbed the woman's purse and got off the train at South Hayward. The victim was not hurt.
Responding officers searched the area but could not find the suspect. Investigators interviewed potential witnesses and sought video from both the train and station. Information from the investigation is being shared with surrounding agencies.
The suspect is believed to be between the ages of 20 and 30. They were last seen wearing a black beanie, black sweatshirt, and black sweatpants.
Anyone with information on the suspect should contact BART PD at 510-464-7040.
You may not know their name, but in Nashville JT Harding is a rock star.
In a town where songwriters can spend an entire career just trying to get a song on a record JT has five number one hits to their credit. Not bad for a guy from Grosse Pointe, Michigan.
“I've been very lucky, been very fortunate.” JT says, “I just work really hard and I don't know how to explain it. I think what's helped me a lot is I've tried to sing about things that are personal to me. So my songs aren't really country songs at all, but somehow they work here.”
Their list of hits tops the playlists of the biggest names in country music: Kenny Chesney's “Somewhere With You”, Blake Shelton's “Sangria”, Keith Urban's “Somewhere In My Car”, Jake Owen's “Alone With You” and Uncle Kracker's “Smile”.
“A lot of breakup songs,” JT jokes.
How a guy from Grosse Pointe ended up becoming one of country music's hottest writers sounds a little like a country song.
“I had these three gorgeous babysitters,” they say, “the Keelan sisters. And they would dance around the kitchen to WRIF. I was thinking to myself ‘I have got to find a way to make music to make these girls dance, so I put together a band. I was only in 7th grade, and as fate would have it, Grosse Pointe had a battle of the bands and when the curtain opened a thousand kids were screaming for us I said 'this is the job for me'.”
After high school JT hit the road to Los Angeles to find fame and stardom as a rock star. They caught the attention of hard rock legend Marilyn Manson who hired JT - but not as a member of their band.
“I was more like whipping boy personal assistant. They would sleep all day so, in the daytime, I'd work on my songs and, as fate would have it, from there I got to work with a band called Linkin Park and they started letting me open up for them, and that's how I got my writing deal.”
One of their first official writing duties was to work with fellow Michigander Uncle Kracker, and they came up with “Smile”.
“Smile was never meant to be a country song.” JT explains, “We wrote that song and, thankfully, 99.5 in Detroit started playing it, the first country station to play it and then across the United States all the stations added it and it became a country song.”
Smile was followed in 2010 by “Somewhere with You”, which quickly climbed to number 1 and became superstar Kenny Chesney's first platinum single. That was followed in 2011 by “Alone with You”, recorded by Jake Owen, “Somewhere in My Car” in 2014, which JT wrote with Keith Urban, and “Sangria” in 2015, which became Blake Shelton's twentieth number one hit and JT's fifth.
So, now that he's a hit songwriter, what about that Grosse Pointe 7th grader's dream of becoming a rock star?
“It was fun,” JT says of their days as frontman for the band JTX, “but there's something about writing songs that is just really incredibly satisfying. When I'm driving down the street and I hear “Smile” on the radio, it just makes your heart skip a beat you know. You think, maybe, teenagers somewhere at a drive-in on Gratiot are having their first kiss to it. I want to write the song that launches a thousand romances.”
Even more interesting than JT's journey to Nashville is the story of how they left Nashville the first time. They were born there and given up for adoption at birth to a couple from Michigan. They admit to fantasizing that their biological dad was someone famous, maybe a rock star or an actor. It turns out they are.
Jay Thomas is now a DJ on Sirius/XM satellite radio. But he's also a comedian and actor who starred in sitcoms in the 70s and 80s like Mork and Mindy, Murphy Brown and Cheers.
JT and Thomas reconnected a few years ago when they lived in Los Angeles and they've become close. “He is like my long-lost fraternity brother,” JT jokes.
The physical similarities are striking. So are the quick wits and frenetic energy shared by biological father and son. But JT insists all their successes are purely the result of their Michigan upbringing.
“If you've ever had the unfortunate experience of hearing Jay sing, you would know it didn't come from there. I can honestly say growing up in Detroit and anything special and talented in me truly come from my parents, the Hardings. My parents encouraged me, the community encouraged me and I can honestly say that's where I came from.”
The successes for JT Harding are not likely to slow down anytime soon. They just finished writing several songs with rock legend Jon Bon Jovi.
“Writing with Jon Bon Jovi felt like I was in a movie all day, “ JT explains, “He wrote the soundtrack of my youth: Bad Medicine, Living on a Prayer, Never Say Goodbye.”
No word yet if any of the songs will make it on a Bon Jovi album, but it's got JT itching to write with some other big names - like fellow Michiganders Eminem and Kid Rock and pop queen Katy Perry.
Taking a look at their track record of hit songs so far, those stars might want to give JT Harding a call.
Paul Joseph Watson stares through the tiny weeping mole-eyes half-buried in their face, and is afraid. You would be too. They live on the prison planet, encased in a thick concrete shield twenty miles above sea level: you think it's night and it's always been night, but those stars are just a fluorescent buzz through the gaps in the barbed wire, each constellation has its tangled wiring and a strange cloudy liquid that slowly drips from one corner, and you've confused the moon with a searchlight your entire life. You think the clouds are gathering, but tear gas is leaking through the mildewed firmament to disperse the population. You think it's God you're praying to, but the guards have their snitches everywhere.
Holed up in Battersea, Paul Joseph Watson sees the prison planet slowly crumbling under its concrete shell. The rioters outside, for instance; they're everywhere now, crowds of pinch-faced foreigners sweeping over Europe like starlings in its dusk. They burn everything in sight. The prisoners crisp in their cells, body fat dripping liquid through the fissures in their scoriated skin, because the media told them that none of it was real. Those are the living dead, trundling inauthentically from the prison canteen to the commissary to the rec room, they are the rubble that is torn up and rearranged into new cells for the rubble that follows them, more prisons of stretched-out flesh and fingernails linked in rippling fish-scale walls, still hair, still bleeding. They do strange experiments here; human beings are turned into something else, their hair brutishly thick, their balls mournfully gone. And above it all, suspended between the fires and the concrete shell that some unknown species placed around the Earth some time in the last century: the cultural Marxists, the feminazis, the SJWs, the thugs, the false flags, the weather-control stations, the mind rays, all arranged in some great chain of power that leads up from the fanatical mob outside and its flaming bottles that smash against the shutters of the Battersea swank pad all the way through the concrete shell and out the other side. Paul Joseph Watson is afraid, but they know that this prison was only really built to contain one person. They stand between the camera and their map of the world and stares out terrified through their half-closed eyes and says: Gary Linker is the absolute epitome of the virtue-signalling social justice warrior cunt, and they need to put up, or shut dah fuck up.
I hate Paul Joseph Watson.
I used to enjoy the Alex Jones show, back before Donald Trump's victory – before it turned into just another piece of glib boosterism for political power, as neutered as any other eunuch in the bureaucracy. Jones would puff out their head into a greasy sphere and yell, or detail the Satanic imagery in cereal boxes and the patterns in the clouds, or bare their nipples at the New World Order, and it was fun. A sadistic sort of fun, watching an adult human maddening themselves with conspiracies that don't really exist, but fun. The only problem is that you could never tell when they would cut to Paul Joseph Watson – oh god, not this tiresome prick again, the gimpy Yorkshireman with their suit slightly too large, standing in front of their big important map, with their tiny eyes, and their awful moist red lips, and their unbearable rants of a thirteen-year-old sagely informing the YouTube community that while most people their age listen to crap they prefer good music, and their oppressive pedantic pompous droning hectoring honking plodding nasal clammy mucous flattened choked-up gurgle dipshit arsehole nightmare of a voice.
English speech tends to resolve into iambs, but when Paul Joseph Watson speaks the banal rhythm of it all becomes unbearable; they talk like a teacher demonstrating the concept to a class of bored GCSE students, the deathly tick-tock of their tapping pencil, ta-TUM ta-TUM ta-TUM ta-TUM. They talk with the rushing dismal clarity of those mid-morning TV adverts: if you've SUFfered an INjury that WASn't your FAULT, come to LAWyers 4 YOU. They talk like an automated call informing you that you've been missold PPI and could stand to receive a substantial cash settlement. They talk in stops and starts, water dripping from a rusted old tap, a fractured desert in quartz and sand, a late capitalism so exhausted by its own failure to imagine that it's reduced to openly announcing each new shabby con as it arrives by the tortured mendacity of its speech. They don't talk at all. They yap.
All the usual tedium of the right-wing fringe is present in Watson's work. There's the racism and sexism and transmisogyny and anticommunism and other assorted foundational isms, of course, the conspiracy theories about white genocide and the globalist master-plan, the scattershot insults, ‘virtue-signalling' and ‘politically correct' blanketed about until they lose all meaning beyond that of a sourceless, careless sneer. But there's also what really distinguishes the whole project: the idiot's joy in being smugly wrong about stuff, complete with triumphantly feeble Twitter putdowns and the absolute assurance that everyone who makes fun of them is actually a snowflake who's just been triggered.
In between it all, though, there are flashes of an almost mournful, almost sympathetic idiocy. Take their New Year's video, about how you've achieved nothing in the past year and don't deserve to celebrate at its end, about how it's only ‘the most twattish insufferable losers' who get wasted in preparation to snog some other nobody come midnight; you can hear, buried in their hectoring, the echoes of the precocious but shy teenager who didn't get invited to any parties and decided that it made them a better person. Take their interview with the dyslogical student rag The Tab, marketed to all those same twattish insufferable losers, in which they say that the thing they miss most about living in Sheffield – a thriving and multicultural university city home to over sixty-five thousand fun loving students – is ‘the ability to isolate yourself and truly be alone.' You can see how it started, how a lonely boy ended up flying far off across the galaxies to isolate themselves on a prison planet built especially for him, where a strange cloudy liquid drips from the stars, where the Islamic mob spreads from their door to the furthest reaches of the world, where the human being in its cage slowly shrinks into something sleeker and stupider and more absurd.
Paul Joseph Watson believes that conservatism is the new counterculture and the new punk rock. Years of puritan liberal censoriousness have exhausted a population that just wants to be able to say ‘gay' pejoratively, and all the gleeful busting of self-serious taboos is coming from the right – but it's hard to square this pose with the fact that Watson thinks having fun is insufferable and sex is best avoided. It's impossible to see the fearless discursive titan Paul Joseph Watson wants to be, because Paul Joseph Watson sentenced themselves to life on the prison planet, where they stare through the tiny weeping mole-eyes half-buried in their face, and is afraid.
The punk rock countercultural hero lives in fear of absolutely everything under the heavy concrete shell where the sky used to be. In particular, he's afraid of the Swedish city of Malmö, a quiet and faintly boring town whose struggling economy has been revitalised by an influx in migrants from Africa and the Middle East. After Donald Trump – pointlessly filtering the previous night's TV through the loose sieve of their brain before barfing it all back onto TV again – declared in shock that something terrible had happened in Sweden the previous night, Paul Joseph Watson undertook a personal mission to prove that Sweden really was that bad. The place is a warzone: constant riots, killings on the streets, brutality in the homes, a bubbling hive of miniature Islamic emirates, cultural genocide erupting in thousands of maggots from the heart of old Scandinavia. Their challenge to the journalists – who had gone through the usual smug liberal chuckling, tragedy in Ikea, the great fika massacre, as if terrible things aren't happening in Sweden and everywhere else every second of the day – was this: if you think Sweden is so safe, I'll pay for you to go there and see. And some journalists, who sometimes happen to go to actual warzones, took them up on it. (Myself included.) Their wording was clear: any journalist who disagrees with them gets a free ride on the PJW Öresund Express. Needless to say, they wimped out.
Whether Sweden is a good place to be or not (it's not, but where is?) isn't really the issue; what was strange was exactly why Watson thought we should all reconsider our nice Northern jolly. Frantically trying to stem the tide of bankruptcy-inducing holidays he'd had to pay for, Watson showed us why everyone should be scared of Malmö, posting pictures of an apartment building, some punks, and a group of well-dressed teenagers wearing Christian crosses around their necks, and then a video of some other teenagers letting off fireworks on New Year's Eve. (That last one, incidentally, was not an immigrant riot but a celebration that takes place in cities across the region; that year saw no injuries and no arrests. In their terror of foreign violence, Watson ended up condemning exactly the kind of cherished local European traditions the right claims to want to protect.) Paul Joseph Watson isn't just constantly afraid, hidden away from everything in a Battersea apartment whose walls grow thicker and denser and arc out from their little hollow of a home until they sweep over the sky and encase the entire planet in a concrete shell dotted with fake stars that thrum with a weak failing electric glow. Their fears aren't even human fears; they live in terror of big scary buildings, people they don't know, crowds of drunk people, and fireworks – in other words, the things that are frightening to a dog.
They do strange experiments here on the prison planet; human beings are turned into something else, their hair brutishly thick, their balls mournfully gone. The chimera Paul Joseph Watson yaps and whines in front of a camera and behind their map of the world, all of it perfectly positioned to hide their disgrace, the shuddering dog's body with its fur and its claws and its endlessly shitting arsehole that trails off behind the suit just slightly too big for it. They howl at the searchlight that was their moon; they bark at the strangers outside their door; they have lost all interest in any part of a human woman except their leg; they are ashamed of what he's become. They kennelled themselves in Battersea, because where else do lost dogs go? The reactionary right scream for a rugged and manly authenticity because they are the most domesticated people in existence. They wilt in horror at a few kids in hoodies or a few students who don't approve of what they have to say because a lifetime of bourgeois morality and the comforts of a life built on imperial superprofits have made them biddable, tail-wagging, snarling but tamed. The lonely boy from South Yorkshire has travelled a long way in search of something, and he's not found it yet: a scratch behind their ears, and a few comforting words. Good boy. Good boy. Goodnight.
On Sunday morning, Republican Senator Ben Sasse went on ABC's This Week and criticized Donald Trump's childish response to Judge James Robart's decision to put a national halt on their now infamous travel ban.
After it was announced that Judge Robart had deemed Trump's Executive Order unconstitutional, the President went after the “so-called judge” on Twitter, calling their decision “ridiculous” and promising that it “will be overturned.”
The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 4, 2017
In response to a question about Trump's use of the term “so-called judge,” Sasse told host George Stephanopoulos:
‘I'll be honest, I don't understand language like that. We don't have so-called judges. We don't have so-called senators. We don't have so-called presidents.' ‘We have people from three different branches of government who take an oath to uphold and defend the Constitution, and it's important that we do better civics education for our kids. So we don't have any so-called judges. We have real judges.'
Watch Sasse's comments about Trump's response to Judge Robart in the video below, available via Twitter.
Although they don't support the language Trump used in their tweet and was critical of them throughout their campaign, Senator Sasse has made it clear that they are not an opponent of everything the President has done in their first two weeks in office. Recently, Sasse has come out in support of Trump's Supreme Court nominee, Neil Gorsuch, and their nominee for Secretary of Education, Betsy DeVos.
Speaking about Trump choosing Gorsuch, Sasse said:
‘I think it was a very exciting pick. Gorsuch is the kind of guy that every American should be applauding on the court.'
The support for Gorsuch from the conservative Senator is understandable. However, their decision to back Betsy DeVos, someone whose knowledge and experience has been doubted by people on both sides of the aisle, is a bit more troubling. Sasse said about DeVos:
‘We need to make sure these schools are more effective in serving their local communities and their kids and the families in those districts.' ‘That accountability has ultimately got to come from reducing the regulatory burdens of people just filing paperwork for Washington D.C. and re-empowering those local districts and local families, and I think that's what Mrs. DeVos is going to try to advance.'
Featured image is a screenshot from the video.
Pet Symmetry started with the best and simplest of intentions: as an excuse to goof off. In 2013, the band's three members, Evan Weiss (Into It. Over It.), Erik Czaja (Dowsing) and Marcus Nuccio (What Gives), started kicking around ideas that were more lighthearted in nature than their full-time projects. Almost by accident, the result of their collective fun morphed into something real, and became Pet Symmetry.
“It's meant, not as a joke, but as something that's an escape,” explains Weiss, who takes on bass and vocal duties. “You can watch Pet Symmetry and smile for 30 minutes, and just be psyched on this fun, goofy band.”
The Chicago three-piece has made its live show a tight budget spectacle, often performing in matching Hawaiian shirts, varsity jackets, or black metal makeup. Their tongue-in-cheek nature is also proudly on display with their releases, from their incredibly descriptively titled EP, Two Songs About Cars. Two Songs With Long Titles., to their canine-themed nod to the Beach Boys on their 2015 debut album, Pets Hounds.
The informal tradition of Pet Symmetry proudly continues on their sophomore album, Vision, whose title is derived both from the inside joke that the group views themselves as mock visionaries, and the fact that the three bespectacled members look like the official house band for LensCrafters.
While Vision, the band's first release with long-running indie label Polyvinyl Records, adopts the moodiness and heartfelt tones its creators are best known for, there's an underlying sense of playful snarkiness behind it all. Its 11 songs are fully embraced by their Pet Symmetry alter egos in an anything goes mentality.
The album, recorded at Gradwell House in New Jersey by Dave Downham (Beach Slang, Pattern Is Movement), is volatile when it wants to be, but self-aware and sarcastic enough to pull it off without venturing into excessively sentimental territory. One song, “Lint Roller,” describes the desire to switch places with a lazy cat, reminiscent of The Weakerthans' classic “A Plea from a Cat Named Virtue.” Another, “You & Me & Mt. Hood,” sees Weiss coasting down a Portland mountain into a gas station on an empty tank, an apt metaphor for life if ever there was one.
Now four years into Pet Symmetry's accidental existence, Vision sees the band easing into the persona they've created for themselves—focused but a tad unrefined, motivated but somewhat noncommittal, and driven by their desire to amuse themselves. It's all part of their vision.
Human Rights Law Centre advises that if change to electoral law passes before hearing it undermines argument that parliament does not back vote
The government is set to delay a bill to improve processes for the postal survey on same-sex marriage after the Greens and marriage equality advocates warned that passing it may undermine the high court challenge against the vote.
Guardian Australia understands that the Human Rights Law Centre, representing Australian Marriage Equality and the Greens LGBTI spokesperson Janet Rice in the challenge, has advised that passing a bill to set rules for the survey run by the Australian Bureau of Statistics could harm their chances in court.
Marriage equality advocates are to write to Labor, the Greens and crossbench warning them not to pass any bill prematurely. The Greens have already written to the government urging it to delay legislation.
On Wednesday the acting special minister of state, Mathias Cormann, told Guardian Australia: “The most likely timing for consideration of a bill to provide for additional legal safeguards ... to support the fair and proper conduct of [the survey] will be after the high court's hearings on 5 and 6 September.”
Privacy experts sound alarm over barcodes on marriage equality ballots Read more
On Friday the Cormann contacted Labor and the Greens, offering to extend electoral law provisions for authorisations of ads and banning misleading information, fraud, bribery and intimidation to protect the survey.
At first the government suggested the bill could be presented to parliament this week. It has given the bill to Labor, which is considering its position, and crossbench parties.
No details of the bill are publicly available but Guardian Australia understands it extends basic electoral protections and goes no further.
On Wednesday Rice told Guardian Australia: “We are concerned about the potential interaction of this legislation with the high court challenge so we have informed the government that our strong preference is for this legislation to be considered after the challenge is concluded.”
Rice said human rights “should not be put to a public vote” and described the plebiscite as a “hurtful waste of time” because, ultimately, parliament would have to vote to change the law.
On Sunday the shadow attorney general, Mark Dreyfus, raised the issue that passing a bill could have an impact on the cases, set to be heard on 5 and 6 September, just a week before ballots are due to be mailed on 12 September.
The constitutional law expert George Williams agreed, warning it could undermine the challenge.
“A key part of the case is that the executive doesn't have parliamentary support [for the postal vote] … if new legislation expressly or impliedly provided support it could take the wind out of the sails of the challenge,” Williams said.
“[Labor and the Greens] have rejected legislation for the [compulsory] plebiscite. If they want to maintain the strength of the high court challenge, they should exercise caution with whatever legislation might be seen to support the postal vote.”
We must campaign for marriage equality with the same dignity and respect we are seeking | Tiernan Brady Read more
On Wednesday Guardian Australia learned that legal advice from the HRLC aligns with Williams' concerns, and AME will urge its allies in parliament to block any attempt to fix the postal survey this week.
Cormann issued a statement on Wednesday saying they had made a new direction to address a reported loophole that could have allowed 16- and 17-year-olds to vote in the postal survey.
They quoted the Australian Electoral Commission, saying 16- and 17-year-olds would never have been able to vote because they are only provisionally enrolled.
Nevertheless, they issued a new direction to the ABS “to make the intention absolutely clear” that only Australians who are 18 years or older on 24 August 2017 will be allowed to vote.
Labor and pro-marriage equality Coalition members have started to campaign for a yes vote. A Labor website declares “It's Time for Marriage Equality”, echoing its successful 1972 federal election slogan. Coalition members have started a website, Lib Nats for Yes.
The national director of Libs & Nats for Yes, Andrew Bragg, told Guardian Australia their group was “collecting information [from volunteers] to support the campaign”.
They said the information “will be solely preserved for the campaign” and “will not be passed on” to the Liberal party or other third parties.
The Labor website contains a Labor party authorisation and links to policy that states information gathered “is also used to communicate with you about various material”.
TOKYO—Of all the Tokyo Game Show attendees who visited the Kinect booth, one salaryman in a button-down shirt stood out. They jumped into the Dance Central game with gusto, busting out crazy moves in their patent-leather shoes, literally going leaps and bounds beyond what the dance game required.
A small crowd gathered to watch their moves. At one point, they did a handstand in front of the Xbox 360 camera controller. They were making Kinect look like barrels of fun.
But did the man, who gave their name as Yoshida, plan to buy the upcoming game and do “The Humpty Dance” at home?
“No,” Yoshida said. “I don't have an Xbox. There are no games I want for it.”
A few months from now, Microsoft will celebrate its 10th anniversary of not being able to sell many videogames in Japan. The company is enjoying record-high sales in the United States and Europe with its redesigned Xbox 360 and the Kinect motion controller. But it remains locked in a struggle to make its console appealing to one of the world's biggest markets for gaming.
Aside from an Xbox 360 roster filled with the kind of shooting games that historically don't do so well in Japan, the biggest thing holding back Kinect might be a simple issue of real estate: The unique sensor, which lets players use their bodies to control the on-screen action, requires a lot of physical space to operate—and that's something a lot of Japanese people just don't have.
A history of failure
Microsoft has had no luck in Japan since it launched the original Xbox there in February 2002. It was the exact opposite of what the country wanted out of a game machine—a giant, noisy, power-sucking box with a massive controller and nothing but Western games, like first-person shooters, that were unpopular with gamers here. The marketing, the design, the content—everything was out of whack with what Japan wanted.
On paper, few of those things apply to the Xbox 360, which is probably why it has sold three times as much as the first Xbox. But even these sales numbers are relatively tiny. Since its launch in 2005, the Xbox 360 has only sold a pitiful 1.5 million units in Japan compared to PlayStation 3's 6.7 million and Wii's 11 million. In fact, sales of the console in Japan linger barely above those of the ancient PlayStation 2.
The Kinect doesn't seem to be helping the problem. The controller, with its camera and microphone sensors, “doesn't fit with Japanese culture,” a player named Takizawa told Wired.com at the Microsoft booth. They thought Michael Jackson: The Experience looked like a lot of fun, but questioned whether he'd have room to play it in their typically small living space.
Another gamer named Takumi, who is a student at Kanagawa Institute of Technology, said they could probably get a Kinect into their place, although their friend Akira said “no way.” Both of them are PlayStation 3 owners, but neither owns an Xbox. “It's too expensive,” said Takumi. A Kinect alone costs ¥15,000.
The ironic thing about Microsoft's struggles to sell Kinect to an apathetic Japanese audience is that the company says Japan's gamemakers are coming up with the best concepts for the motion controller.
Two of the Microsoft-funded games are on display at the booth: Masaya Matsuura, the popular creator of the megahit PlayStation game Parappa the Rapper, is making a first-person haunted-house adventure. Suda 51, creator of ultraviolent action games like Shadows of the Damned, is contributing Demonic Pitch, in which you play a baseball player that fights monsters with their killer fastballs.
These are clever, original games from talented designers. But Microsoft has been down this road before, commissioning the original creators of Japan's popular RPGs to make Xbox-exclusive games. The strategy didn't work. Eventually the company successfully lobbied Square Enix to release Final Fantasy XIII on Xbox 360, as well as PlayStation 3. The incredibly popular series barely moved the needle.
Sometimes it seems like it doesn't matter what Microsoft creates—Japan's gamers just aren't that into Xbox games.
The craziest ideas
Richard Newman, head of Microsoft's game-development studios in Japan, spearheaded the move to get well-known Japanese designers making Kinect games.
"Kinect is an interesting paradigm to design for," Newman said at an event Wednesday at which Demonic Pitch was introduced. "When you break away from the controller, there are a lot of conventions that get broken. A lot of the early itches that we got were controller games adapted to Kinect. What we really wanted was for creators to think outside the box."
The pitches that Microsoft Game Studios got from Japanese designers, Newman said, were some of the most unique and unexpected. They looked at several prototypes and tried to pick the "craziest" ones.
"These are core games for core gamers," Newman said.
Masaya Matsuura's Haunt was one of the chosen few. It's a first-person game that attempts to replicate the feeling of being spooked by a haunted house at an amusement park. Wired.com tried the game in developer Nana-On-Sha's Tokyo office, in a small room that, if you push all the furniture out of the way, is just barely big enough to play Kinect games.
"Haunt is not a game that requires a big space," Matsuura said; players don't have to move their bodies in extreme ways. But, they added, when they want to watch an employee play the game, they have to lie down prone in the room to avoid accidentally being picked up by the Kinect sensor.
It's probably no coincidence, then, that even the Japanese gamemakers are aiming their products at the global audience. Nana-On-Sha's Matsuura thinks that working alongside Japanese creators is important if Microsoft wants to make the Xbox 360 more of a success in the territory.
But, they say, "the biggest market for the Xbox is the US, so we have to concentrate on the English-speaking territories." Haunt was built in English and translated into Japanese later.
So even if their countrymen don't want the Kinect, the hands-free controller is becoming so popular in the United States and Europe that the games might still sell. Just not here.
Microsoft's Newman believes that the Kinect, simply by virtue of being a brand-new method of controlling games, could help game creators express truly new ideas.
"The aspirations of the creators were greater than Kinect," they said. "They were ready to break free from some of the constraints they were feeling in the industry. Some ideas were nothing short of philosophical about where they wanted to take things."
Wired.com did speak to one Kinect owner at the Microsoft booth. They were standing with their friends watching Dance Central 2.
"It's fun," they said, "but I hardly use it. I barely have enough room. My back is against the wall."
Did they play any regular games? The kind that use a controller?
"Yes," they said, struggling to remember the name of the game they owned. "What's it called... what's it called... Ha... Halo."
By Kevin J. Guhl
The Fantastic Four are more than a superhero team — they're family. Since 1961, Mister Fantastic, their wife the Invisible Woman, their hothead brother the Human Torch and good family friend The Thing have regaled us all with their wacky adventures and constant bickering. Take your closest relatives, add superpowers and a scheming Latverian supervillain, and that in a snapshot is the Fantastic Four.
However, there have been times throughout the years when one or more of the Four have gone sick, missing and even died for a while. It's never good to see the break-up of a family, but the remaining members of the team have always persevered and attempted to complete their magic number with other worthwhile candidates. It's not always an easy fit, since the Fantastic Four's powers are perfectly matched, based on the four basic elements themselves — fire, earth, air and, er… Silly Putty. Some of these replacement members have been great under the circumstances, and some… not so great.
THE FANTASTIC:
6) Ant-Man II
There must be something in the contract you sign to wear the Ant-Man suit that specifies you have emotional problems and loserly tendencies. The first Ant-Man, Hank Pym, was a wife beater, and the third Ant-Man, Eric O'Grady, was just a jerk. The second, Scott Lang, was a burglar who tried to rob Pym but was rewarded with an Ant-Man suit with which to fight crime (as so often happens). But Lang was also an electronics whiz and was later hired by the Fantastic four to fill Mr. Fantastic's role for the short time Reed was missing in the past and presumed dead. During this stint, Lang faced constant criticism of their abilities from Doctor Doom's heir, Kristoff Vernard, along with the added insult of Lang's daughter Cassie flirting with Vernard. Eventually, Reed returned, and Ant-Man II was soon after blown to kingdom come with Avengers Mansion by the zombie of Jack of Hearts, their nemesis. Despite being shat on by the universe, Lang at least tried hard.
5 & 4) Black Panther & Storm
When Mr. Fantastic and the Invisible Woman decided to take a break from all the stress of Marvel's Civil War and go on a second honeymoon, it was only appropriate that Wakanda's own power couple stepped in to replace them. Both awesome and powerful heroes, Black Panther was especially fitting since they had made their debut in the pages of Fantastic Four. After an impressive run in which they managed to battle both Galactus and the Frightful Four, Storm and Black Panther decided to return to their duties ruling Wakanda.
3) She-Thing
Sharon Ventura was first introduced as a motorcycle stuntwoman and wrestler who had a fondness for Ben Grimm, but not enough to let themselves be crushed under their giant, rocky torso. They obtained artificial strength-enhancing treatments and joined the FF, only to quickly find themselves in a shuttle getting bombarded by cosmic rays. Isn't that always the way? The Thing further mutated, and Sharon turned into a She-Thing that looked like Ben Grimm did after their first encounter with the rays…but with breasts. With both of them now freaks, they were able to consummate their feelings to the horror and disgust of all. Although the relationship went sour and Sharon briefly turned evil, it was an interesting turn of events to have Ben find someone so much like himself. And then have sex with that person.
2) She-Hulk
When the Thing decided to stay on Battleworld following the Secret Wars
(since they could transform back to their human form if desired), they asked
She-Hulk to take their place as the muscle on the Fantastic Four. No one
was better suited. Possessing beauty, brawn and brains, She-Hulk was
the closest the Fantastic Four ever came to a replacement member who
could have actually worked out permanently. And they stuck around for
quite awhile, too. It's okay that they moved on, though, since they went
on to star in many excellent, humorous solo comics.
1) Spider-Man, Wolverine, Hulk and Ghost Rider (joint award)
Yes, it was a blatant sales stunt, but it was a damned awesome one. For a story arc in the 1990s, the Fantastic Four were “killed off” in a way that Marvel didn't pretend for even a full issue was real — a Skrull incapacitated the Fantastic Four and then, in the form of Sue Storm, summoned Spider-Man, the Hulk (in their more intelligent gray form), Ghost Rider and Wolverine and convinced them that Skrulls had broken into Four Freedoms Plaza and killed the others. The four heroes decided to become the New Fantastic Four and seek vengeance. It was all a preposterously convoluted Skrull ploy to do… something or other, of course, but that didn't get in the way of the hilarious combination of the dysfunctional new team. Hulk and Wolverine bickered; Spider-man tried futilely to get people to listen to him; and Ghost Rider went batshit crazy and destroyed stuff as usual. Having four of Marvel's most popular characters at the time on the same team rocked and was extremely entertaining. Let the fanboy in yourself admit it — for just a short time, part of you was hoping the Fantastic Four really were dead and that this new team was here to stay.
The worst is yet to come — hit the jump to see thos lacking inFantastic-ness.
—-
THE FANTASTICALLY BAD:
6 & 5) Crystal and Medusa
The Fantastic Four has a long, incestuous history with the Inhumans, and two of the moon-dwelling heroes have even become official members of the Four. Crystal jumped in the fray when Susan Richards was pregnant with Franklin, and brought along their awesome powers of controlling the four basic elements. They certainly utilized their control of fire in order to make the Human Torch drop their pants, and their relationship caused quite a few rides on the drama-llama. Unfortunately, Earth's air pollution got the better of the seemingly fragile Crystal and they returned to the moon. Medusa was originally a nemesis of the Fantastic Four, but they won over their loyalty and they joined the team when Sue Storm needed to focus on caring for their comatose son. Unfortunately, Medusa's power is that their hair acts like tentacles. That's just lame.
4) Power Man
Let's forget for a second that Luke Cage has become one of the most awesome ass-kickers in the Marvel Universe. Back in the 1970s, they wore fruity tights and a tiara, called themselves Power Man and hired themselves out as hired muscle to the highest bidder. It was while trying (and failing) to get Doctor Doom to pay up that they befriended the Fantastic Four. And when the Thing lost their powers, Power Man was brought on as the muscle the team now needed. Perfect! Except for the fact that Puppet Master quickly took control of them and used said muscle to beat the bejeezus out of Cage's new teammates. It was a brief and unfabulous tenure, but at least Cage ditched the tiara and redeemed themselves as a character several years later.
3) Human Torch III
On the surface, Frankie Raye was a perfect alternate Fantastic Four member. They had powers very similar to Johnny Storm due to an accident with chemicals (always a reliable creator of superheroes) belonging to their stepfather, the creator of the original Human Torch. The only problem was that they were on the team at the same time as Johnny Storm, making themselves redundant. They were also in a relationship with Johnny, which guaranteed the addition for even more drama to the team. Frankie then decided to ally themselves with Galactus, one of the Fantastic Four's greatest enemies, change their name to Nova and guide their master to find new planets and people to eat. That's not an alumnus of which the Four can be proud.
2) Namorita
First of all, Namor's cousin was a member of the FF for all of five minutes, joining the Human Torch, She-Hulk and Ant-Man II while the rest of regular Four were trapped briefly in the Negative Zone. Then they went on to goad a villain into blowing up her, their New Warriors teammates and a school full of children, leading to the U.S. government's enforcement of the Superhuman Registration Act. FAIL.
1) H.E.R.B.I.E.
It's certainly hard to hate H.E.R.B.I.E. He's a cute, friendly little robot created by Reed Richards as a faithful, helpful companion who only yearns to help children across the world play Gyromite. But H.E.R.B.I.E. earned the scorn of a generation of comic book fans for being the chosen replacement for the Human Torch in the 1978 Fantatic Four cartoon series. Never has a replacement FF member been so unwelcome! The Human Torch's absence from the show couldn't be helped — the rights to the character had been sold for a movie that never got made. But seriously, couldn't they have at least picked someone remotely similar to Johnny Storm? A humanoid, at least?! Wasn't Toro available? Thankfully, H.E.R.B.I.E.'s appearances in the comic series have kept them in their rightful place as a Fantastic Four sidekick, not full-fledged member.
Intel's in the tricky position of playing Android iteration catch-up -- but it's getting better at it. Releases are now appearing every six months, with the latest release of Android (4.2.2) now Intel-optimized -- at least at a pre-alpha stage. The company's Open Source Technology Center devs have been working on the Android Open-Source Project to ensure it works well on Intel-powered devices, whether that's PCs for debugging and testing or those still-rare Intel smartphones. Now powered by the Linux 3.8 kernel, there's a new interactive installer, plus the new ability to dual-boot on a Windows 8 system. So it's all good news for developers, but it should drip down to more immediate updates on the likes of Motorola's RAZR i and any future Android hardware Intel's planning to power.
Andrew Dent, vice president of library and materials research at Material ConneXion, is like a sommelier. Presiding over the world's largest library of materials, their job is to listen to the requirements of their clients–a list which includes Armani, Chrysler, Calvin Klein, Hermann Miller, Disney, Nike, Toyota, and many, many more –and come up with an innovative material that suits their needs. Their level of obsession in this field is such that they make Apple's Jonathan Ive, a fellow Brit, seem like he's never done their homework.
During Fast Company's Innovation Festival earlier this month, we caught up with Dent during a tour of Material ConneXion's materials library, and asked them to identify a handful of the cutting-edge materials that they thought would be important to designers over the next few years.
Graphene Nanocoating
One hundred times stronger than steel, amazingly light, nearly transparent, and capable of efficient heat and electrical conductivity, graphene has applications in solar power, electronics, biomedicine, and more. But it's a relatively difficult material to work with and mass-manufacture in its purest forms. Graphene nanocoating allows other materials to be coated with the material, giving them most of graphene's best qualities cheaply and efficiently. One possible industrial design use is using graphene nanocoating to help make thinner, lighter, stronger smartphones with better battery life.
Karta-Pack (Cotton Fiber)
This 100% post-consumer material, which has the feel of cotton but the rigidity of plastic, is made from recycled cotton fibers, sourced from the likes of discarded jeans and T-shirts. In addition to helping recycle millions of articles of clothing per year, Karta-Pack feels fairly luxurious, making it an interesting choice for high-end packaging. Imagine unpackaging a gadget from what feels like rigid cotton. Dent also suggests that furniture designers could end up using Karta-Pack to create molded furniture designs that feel like fabric, even though they're strong enough to support a person's weight.
Colored Conductive Inks
Although we've had inks that can conduct electricity for years now, these inks only come in two colors: silver and carbon. It gives conductive inks an aesthetic, says Dent, that has “no real beauty for non-engineers.” A new breakthrough, however, has finally made it possible for conductive inks to come in any color you want. One potential use is in smart clothing and wearables. Imagine a jacket with an attractive design printed on the sleeve that also functioned, when you touched it, as a way of controlling your iPhone.
ReWall Ceiling Tiles
ReWall Ceiling Tiles are made from recycled beverage containers–a mixture of cardboard, plastic bottles, and aluminum–using a method similar to the way oriented strand board, a construction-industry staple, is made. The result is a material that has the same structural integrity as strand board and can be cut and screwed into like wood, but which has much better resistance to moisture, so it can be used as a ceiling tile. It can also be exposed to the elements.
ZrOC
The process of coating most decorative metal items, like your sink or your hubcaps, for improved hardness and scratched resistance is called physical vapor deposition, or PVD. ZrOC is a new coating technique in which a mixture of zirconium, oxygen, and carbon can be deposited on metal, plastic, wood, glass, or textiles. Depending on how those elements are mixed, you can get chrome in any color you choose, as opposed to the stock reflective silver. “It was actually invented for coating kitchen implements, but I can definitely see someone coating a smartphone or a smartwatch in ZrOC soon,” says Dent.
SALISBURY, Md—It's been a chilly week felt by many here on the peninsula.
Some people are saying it's too cold to go outside-others say they have no choice!
Regardless of the weather, some people find ways to stay warm in the cold.
Boucha Taroe, a sous chef at Evolution Brewery, Taroe says they don't mind working in a hot kitchen when it's cold outside.
"Today is the perfect day, it's really cold outside, it's probably like 30 something degrees out there right now and right now it's like 70 degrees in the kitchen right now,” says Taroe.
Jeremy Cooper also a cook at Evo, agrees, saying if you must work during the cold-it's best to do it in the warm.
“It's absolutely wonderful, you're not in the rain. in the wind shivering, you know, it's nice,” says Cooper.
Mimi Gedamu works at Pemberton Coffeehouse in Salisbury.
Gedamu says working around steam and hot water when it's cold--is comfortable
"it feels like a warm blanket, it's great, it's a little mini spa!" says Gedamu.
For many--staying warm--is the key during the cold weather.
Jason Plaskin works at ACE, Plaskin says heating items have been a hot commodity all week!
"Where we keep them on the back on the shelf where they normally are, it's almost cleared out,” says Plaskin.
Plaskin says during the cold weather--the store always tries to order accordingly so that customers can keep warm
The deal still requires majority approval from the board of governors, who will meet Wednesday, when the 30 owners will vote on the new agreement with players.
The tentative agreement is a 10-year deal with a mutual opt-out clause after eight years and includes contract term limits at seven years (eight years for a team to re-sign its own players), a source confirmed to ESPNNewYork.com.
"I am happy deal has been reached and excited to get back to playing hockey," Penguins star Sidney Crosby said in an email.
For the first year, the salary cap is $60 million, but teams can spend up to $70.2 million in the transition period, while the floor is $44 million.
Sources said the 2013-14 salary cap, a very divisive issue, will be $64.3 million, while the floor will remain at $44 million.
Contract salary variance is capped at 35 percent from year to year, with the provision that the lowest year can't vary more than 50 percent from the highest-salaried year, a source told ESPN.com.
Revenue sharing will spread $200 million, with a $60 million NHLPA-initiated growth fund included.
The NHL had hoped to change the opening of free agency to July 10, but the players stood firm and it will remain July 1, although it will start later this year due to the delayed season. Regardless of the season's start date, the league at this point is suggesting April 5 for the trade deadline, a source told ESPN. The NHLPA has not agreed to that date yet.
Olympic participation will not be part of this agreement. The two parties will work on a side agreement regarding the Olympics and possibly the World Cup of Hockey.
Veteran forward Shane Doan said the players knew it would be concessionary bargaining from the beginning, but was satisfied with the agreed-upon terms.
"You knew you were in that position, and I think as a union we got the best deal we could possibly get, and you're happy," they said. "You're just excited to play hockey again and do what you really enjoy and have a passion for."
Word of the agreement came after the two sides hashed out their remaining differences for more than 16 hours at a hotel in midtown Manhattan. It was the lengthiest negotiating session and latest night of a lockout that has lasted 113 days.
George H. Cohen, director of the Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service, issued a statement congratulating the NHL and NHLPA.
"The negotiated agreement represents the successful culmination of a long and difficult road in which the parties ultimately were able to reach mutually acceptable solutions to a wide variety of contentious subjects of bargaining," they said.
Bettman did not have details on a timeline for ratification or a potential schedule for the opening of the regular season. It is believed the sides are aiming for either a 48- or 50-game season depending on how quickly things get done. Sources told ESPN.com that a 50-game season would start Jan. 15, while a 48-game season would start Jan. 19.
The league sent out a memo Sunday night saying that Jan. 19 was the probable option for opening night, but that if the ratification process progresses quickly, Jan. 15 still would be in play.
Police in riot gear were confronting protesters Tuesday night on 6th Street near Union Avenue and fired non-lethal projectiles toward the crowd that had gathered to protest the shooting death of man who officers said was wielding a switchblade Sunday.
The confrontation was sparked after people tore down a police sign and threw objects at windows of the Los Angeles Police Department's Rampart station at 6th and Valencia streets. The crowd was pushed west on 6th toward Union Avenue by the officers in riot gear.
Earlier, about 300 people were blocking the intersection of Union and 6th. They were standing outside the Restaurant Atilan Express, a Guatemalan eatery, and were illuminated by the spotlight of police helicopters circling overhead.
The shooting of Manuel Jamines, who the LAPD says threatened officers and passersby with a knife, has heightened tensions in the heavy immigrant community.
Several people were shouting angrily into loudspeakers and a group of young men are weaving through the crowd on bicycles. A vendor hawked bags of potato chips.
The protesters have been turning cars back. Someone threw eggs on the windshield of two cars that tried to pass, and another pinned an anti-police protest sign on the back of a car that tried to back away.
A few feet away, Vitalina Rubio, 52, looked on with disappointment.
"You can't fight violence with violence," said Rubio, a Mexican immigrant who has lived in the MacArthur Park area for nine years.
They were clutching a pink candle in their hands.
They said they understood the protesters' violence, even if they did not support it.
"I understand their anger because they don't think there's been justice," they said. "They think the police could have used other tactics."
They said many people felt resentment toward police even before Sunday's incident.
--Kate Linthicum
Share. Feline fine. Feline fine.
After 28 years of making marvelous Mario platform games, you'd think Nintendo would run out of ideas. But Super Mario 3D World defies such logic and creatively sets itself apart – in good ways – from its outstanding recent predecessors, Super Mario 3D Land and Super Mario Galaxy 2. The characters and levels all showcase an unbridled sense of joy; the soundtrack crisscrosses between trendy jazz and orchestral arrangements of familiar Mario tunes; and even the surprisingly adorable catsuit managed to melt my stone-cold heart. But, most importantly, Super Mario 3D World nails something that the New Super Mario Bros games could not: it gracefully switches back and forth between a fun solo game and great competitive co-op play.
Of course Mario games have seen their share of vibrant hues and stylized art direction, but Super Mario 3D World outdoes the simplistic visuals of New Super Mario Bros. U by substantial leaps and bounds. There's a surprising amount of texture detail stitched into these worlds, along with subtle lighting and effects that accentuate each onscreen action beautifully. And then there are the little things: Mario and crew leave tiny puffs of smoke with each step and, after you've run for long enough, the trail explodes into a smoke trail. A random pattern of stars popped out each time I pounced on an enemy. These tiny whimsical details add up, and Super Mario 3D World's overall visual design captures a youthful energy that flows into the expertly made levels themselves.
Exit Theatre Mode
The amount of visual variety genuinely surprised me, but just as importantly, the level designs take interesting risks and aren't restrained by obligatory grassy-field motifs or other well-traveled Mario stage themes. Much like Super Mario 3D Land, many stages present a unique and clever idea, play with it, and then bow away gracefully before it becomes boring. These levels are even better than in SM3DL, since they have much more entertaining flair and don't constantly reward you with enough extra lives to render death meaningless. I explored a circus carnival full of tricky platforms, then carefully rode on oversized ants by bouncing on their heads as they crossed over deadly spikes. I rode on the back of a co-op controlled dinosaur named Plessie, and later sped through a charming stage paying homage to Super Mario Kart. I fought quirky new bosses and jumped across platforms on a speeding train. Much like the NES classic Super Mario Bros. 3, Super Mario 3D World doesn't rest on its laurels or lean on any form of predictability.
Obviously, Super Mario 3D World isn't a sequel to the ingenious Super Mario Galaxy 2, but the overall design feels every bit as informed. Traveling through the clear pipes constantly reminded me of propelling through the galaxy between planetoids. The pacing also gave me flashbacks as I reveled in the sheer brilliance of how much energy and gameplay mileage Nintendo has packed into every world.
Exit Theatre Mode
I should note that Super Mario 3D World shows a little restraint at first, and the initial four overworld areas don't present much of a challenge for veteran Mario players. Eventually, later stages (and particularly some of the post-game worlds after the eight main ones) provide a maddening reminder that platformers can still offer a stiff challenge, even for us self-proclaimed experts. Expect to hear plenty of those signature falsetto caterwauls as you succumb to the later pitfalls of this adventure.
Played alone it's amazing, but multiplayer stands as one of Super Mario 3D World's greatest accomplishments. Unlike the constant frustration of bumping into other players in New Super Mario Bros., here the other three characters (Luigi, Toad, and Peach) aren't obstacles, but rather competitive buddies all vying for first place at the end of each level – and the privilege of wearing the crown in the next stage. I love how the crown, which is functionally meaningless – paints a bullseye on a leader's back. In each co-op session I played, we'd all gang up on the leader to keep them from repeating their first-place showing. But a smart player realizes that the key to keeping the coveted crown lies not in wrestling over it with friends, but rather from getting in front of them with another excellent performance. Grabbing Green Stars and hidden Stamps becomes a key strategy in the race to dominate other players, so its best to keep ahead of the pack and make every move count.
The unique character abilities helped each character of Super Mario 3D World stand apart and provided another layer of variety to the experience. Whether using Peach's float jump or Toad's extra speed, I found that levels were designed so that I could exploit these traits to find more stars and occasional hidden exits. And in co-op play these abilities set up interesting situations, like when Luigi could reach higher areas quicker than rest of the team. The only catch is that the camera becomes a slight obstacle in four-player multiplayer games. If you're not travelling as a tight-knit group, someone is bound to get dragged along as a bubble in some sections. When dealing with two or even three players, though, it's not as big a deal.
Exit Theatre Mode
In a lot of ways, I'd say co-op with evenly-skilled Mario players is the best way to experience this 15-hour adventure. The flexible level design sets up a lot of laughs in co-op and even catastrophic wipeouts. The ensuing chaos of running through Mario levels cooperatively with my friends set up some of the most genuinely funny and memorable moments of any game I've played in years. If you can find one, two, or three friends who can Mario as well as you can, you won't forget the experience anytime soon.
Joe Robbins/Getty Images
Cleveland Cavaliers shooting guard J.R. Smith is reportedly nearing a return to the floor after they hit the shelf in December following surgery on their fractured right thumb.
According to Cleveland.com's Joe Vardon, head coach Tyronn Lue told reporters on Friday they hope Smith is back in action within the "next 10 days to two weeks."
"They're saying he's been looking better and better every day, they had a good workout yesterday, so hopefully we get them back soon," Lue said, per Vardon.
Smith hasn't suited up since Dec. 20 against the Milwaukee Bucks, but they were recently spotted by The Athletic's Jason Lloyd getting shots up before the Cavs' 103-99 loss to the Boston Celtics on Wednesday:
Although Smith struggled to the tune of 8.6 points per game on 33.7 percent shooting from the field in 21 games before they were sidelined indefinitely, they figure to play a key role for the defending champs as they eye back-to-back titles.
Case in point: The Cavaliers' most-used lineup this season features Smith alongside Kyrie Irving, LeBron James, Kevin Love and Tristan Thompson. In 300 minutes together, that unit outscored opponents by 9.3 points per 100 possessions with an offensive rating of 113.7.
Not only will Smith's return (and Kevin Love's) allow Cleveland to enter more of an offensive comfort zone once the postseason starts, but it will afford Lue the luxury of shifting Iman Shumpert back to the bench alongside the likes of Kyle Korver and Deron Williams.
"It's going to be a process but it's a great process to have when we've got great players that now we have a roster of 12 guys that should be playing," Lue said of integrating all of the new additions upon Smith's return. "That's always a good thing to happen."
With the deepest roster the Eastern Conference has to offer, the Cavaliers figure to give the rest of their postseason challengers nightmares as they prepare to roll out wave after wave of talent once the postseason gets underway.
Stats courtesy of NBA.com.
Salt Lake City Mayor Jackie Biskupski's office was unaware a west-side community center was moving toward booting out a local theater company because its slate of plays includes material at odds with the city facility's new “family friendly” mission.
Utah Repertory Theater Company, which strives to bring “adventuresome” shows to Utah audiences, has rented the Sorenson Unity Center's theater space since 2015.
The company was informed on Monday by Sean Martin, the center's community programs manager, that the center was newly dedicated to a youth development mission. The call was summarized in an email that Utah Repertory artistic director Johnny Hebda shared with The Tribune.
The group's slate of plays includes Ayad Akhtar's 2013 Pulitzer Prize-winning drama “Disgraced” and the 2012 play “Straight.” Hebda said the center reviewed those scripts and said the shows might be important as literature, but their content doesn't suit the center's new mission.
Akhtar's play explores issues of Islamophobia in post-9/11 America, after discussions of politics and religion spark tension at a dinner party. During last year's Off-Broadway premiere run, the New York Times described “Straight” as “a bisexual romantic triangle” filled with “thought-provoking observations on sexual identity.”
Matthew Rojas, a spokesperson for Biskupski, said the mayor's office first learned of the issue when contacted by The Salt Lake Tribune on Tuesday.
They acknowledged Utah Repertory Theater and the administrators of the Sorenson Unity Center have had discussions about the content of the nonprofit company's plays, but they said no decision had been finalized.
“Our hope is that conversations with Utah Repertory can continue to move forward and we as a city can continue to look at Sorenson and see how we can balance those needs,” Rojas said.
The discussion ignited a debate over First Amendment rights with a public theater that has a history of allowing all types of plays since its opening in 2008.
“A government facility should be a champion of free speech and artistic expression,” said Crystal Young-Otterstrom, executive director of the Utah Cultural Alliance, a Utah arts advocacy group. “Censorship is always concerning. And any venue that is a public space … should be accessible to anyone who wants to pay the rental fee.”
The unity center's beginnings can be traced to a battle over free-speech rights. Land under the facility was given to the city by the Mormon church in exchange for the city's surrender of the public easement on Main Street between the LDS Temple and the Joseph Smith Memorial Building. That cleared the way for the church to control speech and behavior on the plaza created where the street had been.
Former Salt Lake City Mayor Rocky Anderson, who helped broker the land exchange for the surrender of the Main Street easement during their tenure, said there was no dictate for programming at the center when it opened.
“I don't ever recall any discussion about limiting what would be presented at the Sorenson Unity Center,” Anderson said. “I also would never have approved it. Limits that go beyond what is obscene may be unconstitutional.”
Center managers didn't respond to requests for comment, referring all questions to Kim Thomas, programs manager of the city department that oversees the center. Thomas didn't comment, either.
Sorenson officials and the city were considering moving in a new direction, and the center's officials had spoken with Hebda, but no decision has been finalized, Rojas said.
“They had a conversation about content, but there is no mission change,” they said. “There's nothing written down at this point. They have not communicated to the Repertory Theater that it is a no.”
Any effort to consider content when approving rental contracts would be new, Hebda said. There are no guidelines listed on the website for the center, which is run by the city's Youth & Family division within Public Services. Since the theater company charges fees for its tickets, audiences are already self-selected, Hebda says.
In fact, Sorenson officials have often praised the company for the large audiences its works draw.
“The whole idea that the director of the center is making the judgment call on what they feel is appropriate for the community to come to do not seem like a very fair analysis of the situation,” Hebda said.
Rojas said the center is interested in negotiating shorter contracts with Utah Repertory Theater, which they said has weekslong runs for its plays. Shorter agreements would open the center to more community activities, they said.
But any final agreement or mission change would still include a space for “diverse art,” they said.
An elderly man has been seriously injured during an aggravated burglary in Co Wicklow.
An elderly man has been seriously injured during an aggravated burglary in Co Wicklow.
Elderly man (88) seriously injured after being beaten 'with a pole' during aggravated burglary
The incident took place at approximately 9pm on Wednesday evening in Shillelagh.
The 88-year-old man suffered serious injuries during the assault in their home.
 They are described as being in a serious condition in hospital.
It is understood the man was attacked with a 'pole or a bar-like implement', a source said.
A small sum of money was taken during the incident.
Gardai are now investigating and have appealed to the public for any information they may have.
Three men are currently being sought in relation to the incident.
Herald
Mastermind behind the whiteboard
The UTC Library's whiteboard memes have gone viral on Facebook, made the front page of Reddit, and have been retweeted by USA Today College.
If you aren't lucky enough to see them in person as you enter the library, they will likely show up on your newsfeed via Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, or tumblr. Have you ever wondered where those clever depictions come from?
Meet Stacy Chapman, Circulation Day Supervisor and Resident Whiteboard Artist.
UTC sat down with Chapman to learn more about their art and, of course, whether they accept submission ideas (she does: read more to find out how).
How was the UTC Whiteboard conceived?
Last summer we ordered in some of the whiteboards, because when the study rooms run out and students still need them for formulas or whatever, we wanted a whiteboard for them to be able to check out. But, no one really paid much attention to our Facebook, so we wanted to put a board up that said, “Hey, you can actually check out whiteboards now.”
My husband will tell you, I really like to jazz things up. I can't follow the recipe. It's not good enough.
So, I drew a cat on the board that said “check meowt.” Everyone thought it was really funny and when I erased it and took it down everyone really missed it. So I started doing one every once and a while, and then I started getting more ideas and I started doing two at a time. Then we started posting them to our Instagram and our Facebook.
It's gotten to the point where students will walk by and stop, pull their phone out, take a picture, and then keep moving.
Would you consider the Whiteboard your specialty medium for art?
Oh, absolutely, because I don't do any other kind of art. I sketch it out with dry-erase markers because they're easier to erase, but I do most of it with chalk paint markers. It's what they use at Whole Foods on their blackboards and it always looks so nice, so solid, and so pigmented with no streaks in it. It acts enough like regular paint that I can actually mix the colors and fingerpaint it on when I need other shades.
Was this self taught or did you study Art anywhere?
I did. I started out my university career as an art major. I didn't stay an art major, but I started out that way.
What serves as your continued inspiration from week to week?
That's hard to say. My inspiration is actually to entertain the students. That is my number one goal. Number two goal, to entertain the faculty and staff. But it's most important to me that the students get it.
My weekly inspiration is whatever is going on in pop culture at that moment. If there's nothing going on then I struggle a little bit and I go to the internet and I look at memes. I try to get them to match college life, university or exam week, or something like that. But mostly, I really, really want students to know that the Library is a fun place and I think this helps.
Is it weird for you that your art is so ephemeral? How emotional is it to wipe away a masterpiece?
It is. Especially the ones where I really surprised myself with getting a celebrity face just right. Eventually, it has to be erased to get a new one. You know what my favorites have been because I flip the board and I do a new one on the other side. But, some of them I don't care. They were not big hits. They weren't my favorite art and they can go anytime.
What were some of your favorites?
I think my favorite was the Jon Snow board.
What were some that might have been the most difficult?
I was trying to do a “Parks and Rec” one once. I wanted to do the Rob Lowe that was, “The ground floor is literally open.” Usually I can capture enough of the celebrity's face so that people will actually know who it is, but it just kept coming up like David Duchovny. I think I spent two hours redrawing it and I just couldn't spend any more time on it. Then one of the faculty up in the Studio said, “just make it an ‘X-Files' board.'”
Do you ever take requests? If so, how can we submit?
You can always tweet us. You can always message our Facebook. Or, stop by and talk to me.
I have taken requests in the past. In fact, somebody tweeted the library over the summer wanting a Spongegar board. They actually started a Twitter campaign. They had their friends tweet us, “Please do this!” I'm really an internet savvy person, I've been a Redditor for eight years, and I keep up with these things, but I did not know what that meant. The hardest thing is, I don't want to get the spirit of a meme wrong because there's nothing less cool than getting a meme wrong. You will lose all of the students' faith in you. You will lose all of your street cred for sure. So I researched and I threw some ideas at my student workers and they helped me. We tweeted it out and we tagged the requester.
Some of them are definitely the ideas of my student workers. Like when we pulled all of the carpet up, I was trying to think of a light-hearted way to address that. Because that's what was going on after the flood, and one of my student workers, Zack, was like too bad you can't tie in a “Big Lebowski” about the rug really pulling everything together, and I was like–that's it! Big Lebowski Board.
Chapman suggests using a Meme Creator if you send ideas their way so that they can get a visual of what you want to see next time you stop by the library.
Check out a collection of some of our favorites in this Flickr album:
Reliable, affordable energy is the foundation of our nation's economy. America is blessed with abundant natural resources. Our energy history is full of new technologies displacing old ones. Coal led the industrial revolution in the United States. Thomas Edison's electric lightbulb displaced candles and kerosene lamps. Following World War II, nuclear science catapulted America to superpower status.
In 1955, a small town in Idaho became the first in America to be fully powered by an experimental nuclear reactor, the Idaho National Energy Laboratory. Two years later, the first full-scale nuclear power plant began service in Pennsylvania.
ADVERTISEMENT
But now, 60 years after the ribbon was cut on the first nuclear reactor, the U.S. has not lived up to its potential. Political meddling, costly red tape and a shifting regulatory landscape have jeopardized America's energy security. Nowhere is this more apparent than in the federal government's treatment of safe, reliable and clean nuclear energy.
In response to a ruling from a federal court, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) last October concluded that Yucca Mountain, located in Nye County, Nev., is a safe long-term repository for storing spent nuclear fuel. This is a welcome announcement, but it came as no surprise to the experts. What's troubling is that a court had to compel the NRC to do its job.
The NRC acts as the nuclear power industry's regulatory watchdog. With the release of the Safety Evaluation Report, it finally set aside years of fearmongering and declared the project ready to move forward. But the process ground to a halt when the NRC was dragged into a political fight. When Sen. Harry Reid Harry Mason ReidBottom Line Brennan fires back at 'selfish' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career' after ex-Dem leader slams them in interview MORE (D-Nev.) took over the Senate, they worked tirelessly to undermine the Yucca Mountain project.
Instead of working toward bipartisan solutions, Sen. Reid put up roadblocks — from packing the NRC with anti-nuclear activists to eliminating funding for Yucca Mountain. This political obstruction has been a blow to the industry and the rule of law, which requires the federal government to manage the nation's spent nuclear fuel at Yucca Mountain.
Yucca Mountain would provide safe long-term storage, but more importantly, it would provide certainty for the nuclear energy industry. After $15 billion in spending, the project was halted in its tracks. This was not only illegal but also wasteful. Reid's actions stifled innovation that could have put us on a clear path to greater energy security. Private investment was jeopardized by red tape and endless delays, making it next to impossible to build new nuclear plants within the United States.
As a source of safe, abundant, emission-free power, nuclear energy is a missed opportunity, especially for an administration that claims to support an “all of the above” energy policy. And unlike wind or solar energy, nuclear power is reliable — it works when the wind isn't blowing and the sun isn't shining. The regulatory process is cumbersome and lacks the certainty needed for sustained investment in new nuclear energy technology.
Fortunately, creative minds at our national labs and in the private sector are working to unlock the secrets of nuclear science. Advanced reactor concepts offer tremendous advantages. New designs recycle used nuclear fuel, produce heat for industrial applications and yield increased efficiency. In the face of political and regulatory uncertainty, America's entrepreneurs continue to pursue improvements to nuclear technology.
Last month, the House Science, Space and Technology Committee heard from several experts and entrepreneurs about the great potential of new reactor concepts. One witness discussed how their company is working to develop an innovative molten-salt reactor that will convert what we now consider nuclear “waste” into safe, clean electricity. Another company is developing a small modular reactor that has advanced safety features allowing the reactor to self-cool in an emergency without any electricity or mechanized systems.
Nuclear energy has nearly limitless potential. But developing advanced energy technology requires consistent policy, long-term investment and patience. Instead of acting as an obstacle to progress, the federal government should serve as a reliable partner to the scientists, researchers, engineers, inventors and investors working to turn the promise of nuclear energy into reality. Innovative advanced reactor technology provides the opportunity for long-term, high-reward research that will benefit future generations.
Smith has represented Texas's 21st Congressional District since 1987.  They are chairperson of the Science, Space and Technology Committee, and also sits on the Homeland Security and Judiciary committees.
Cheap fake goods from China will soon be wiped out, the head of Chinese international trade said in Perth yesterday.
In a sign of the Chinese Government's intention to crack down on the black market, there were about 1 million people employed to remove fake goods from Chinese streets, according to the vice-chairperson of the China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, Wang Jinzhen.
Louis Vuitton bags ... the fake is on the left. China is planning to wipe out its fake goods being produced. Credit:Jerry Galea
China is arguably the counterfeit capital of the world, attracting much criticism from high-profile designers and entrepreneurs for the proliferation of replica items as vast as t-shirts, CDs and DVDs, handbags and jewellery.
In response to a question from a delegate at the Commonwealth Business Forum yesterday, Mr Wang said the industry would soon die out in China as technology, equipment and economic prosperity improved.
One constituency the US has long ignored in the Arab world is the people [GALLO/GETTY]
No sooner did former US president George W. Bush come into power in January 2001 than a much vaunted neo-conservative doctrine came into full swing, wreaking havoc across the Middle East. Throughout the eight years of the Bush presidency, the levers of power - the political, the economic, the scholarly and, importantly, the military - were all employed towards one ultimate goal: The project for the new American century.
Bush's neo-con backers had prepared the manual for their presidency well before time. With their man in power, the greatest force of Western power since the Roman Empire set about changing the world in the name of neo-conservatism, to "promote American global leadership", we were told.
At the receiving end of the mighty American military-industrial complex were the people of the Arab world. The basic premise was to utilise maximum US force, power and influence to create a new Middle East, one obedient to the interests and objectives of the US. The central focus was the preservation of the superiority of Israel and the utilisation of American hard-power to eliminate any threats posed to it. The benign undercurrent, we were told, was the need to spread democracy across the region. After all, democracies do not fight wars against one other.
The scorecard of the Bush doctrine is there for all to see: "Shock and awe" was unleashed against Iraq in the pursuit of this project; the Palestinians in Gaza were collectively imprisoned for having the audacity to vote for Hamas; Lebanon was brutalised by Israel with the tacit backing of the US in an effort to destroy Hezbollah; Iran became the new public enemy number one (after Iraq had been dealt with of course); the Gulf states went along quietly arming themselves in the name of stability and North African dictators were given free rein to fight "Islamism" - also in the name of stability.
With American hyper-power on full display over this period, there was little doubting the contention that in the realm of international relations, "the end of history" was indeed being reached in the absence of any challenger to the formidable US military might. "Liberty" to Arabs, it seemed, was being brought on the back of American battle tanks. The destruction wrought on the region over this period was apparently "the birth pangs" of a new Middle East.
It's the people, stupid
How times change. The human and capital cost, however, of the Iraq adventure almost bled the US economy dry. The invasion became so bogged down that the political will to continue the war soon weakened. The thought of expanding the military adventure to other lands similarly evaporated. Post-Bush, the Americans were now left grappling with "soft-power", to persuade, to diplomatically engage with Arab/Iranian leaderships in order to resolve disputes. In the midst of this power play in the region, one constituency which the US had long ignored (and continues to ignore) is the people.
Toppling disobedient leaders and oiling the wheels of pliant ones proved useful so long as the populations of these countries remained voiceless. As the people begin to find their voices, however, the Middle East as we have long known it is beginning to alter. Unfortunately for the decision-makers in the US (and their policy advisers and legions of "intellectual" think tanks) the dramatic changes are not in the direction that they had conceived.
The catalyst for the political earthquake that we are currently witnessing was a massive popular uprising in Tunisia at the end of 2010. Emboldened by the overthrow of the brutal regime of Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, the people of Egypt then took to the streets demanding reform. In just 18 days, Egyptian civil society, which we had been told by regional "experts" either did not exist or was spineless, broke the shackles of oppression and overcame a dictator whose regime had become synonymous with abuse and corruption. Egypt had finally been released from 30 years of political imprisonment.
That Hosni Mubarak continued to breed fear about the "chaos" that their removal would unleash and their foreign backers continued to maintain the need for "stability" and "orderly" change, showed the total lack of understanding on their part of the momentous changes that were being played out. The revolutionary bug has now spread across the wider region with people in Algeria, Yemen, Bahrain and Libya currently battling despotism, while leaderships in Jordan, Syria and Morocco (to name but a few) consider ways of preventing the tide of "people power" from sweeping their shores.
'Islands of stability'
Consider for a moment the extent to which various US administrations have suffered from an ailment which, for wont of a better description, we will call "foot in mouth syndrome". The shah of Iran was an "island of stability" in the troubled Middle East, according to the then US president, Jimmy Carter. A short time after these illustrious words were spoken, Shah Mohammed Reza Pahlavi was dethroned; Iran had witnessed an Islamic revolution and US policy in the country was found lacking. Around the time that Iran's new Islamic leadership swept to power, Egypt too was undergoing change, this time in the form of the presidency of Hosni Mubarak who came to power in 1981 following their predecessor's assassination.
However, after almost 30 years of stern one-man rule, Egyptian civil society revolted against Mubarak's despotism, seeking their ouster in January 2011, precisely a decade after Bush's first inauguration. What were the very first utterances of the US administration under Barack Obama, as protesters gathered on Egypt's streets? "Our assessment is that the Egyptian government is stable ..." said Hillary Clinton, the US secretary of state. Them assessment, reminiscent of the meanderings about Iran, could not have been more wrong.
The islands of stability that the US has traditionally favoured are not the same sort that the people of the Arab world have desired. While Iraq under Saddam Hussein was ripe for invasion and "democratic change", the hunger for reform on the part of populations in other parts of the region also subjected to Saddam-like repression was not felt by the US. Where the American military brought democracy to Iraq, the Arab people are now battling to bring democracy to themselves. Should we then be surprised that the neo-con intellectual machine that planned change in the Middle East under Bush is now largely silent? While their project has failed, a new Arab people's project is beginning to blossom.
If any clear evidence of US opposition to the people's wishes in the region were needed, the Obama administration willingly obliged on February 18. The UN Security Council (UNSC) held a vote to condemn Israeli settlement building in the occupied West Bank as illegal and to demand an immediate end to all such activity. Settlement building is a particular sore among Palestinians and the wider Arab population. While 14 out of the 15 UNSC members backed the resolution, the US issued its first veto under Obama, damning the Palestinian Territories to further Israeli expansionism - well in keeping with the American spirit of defying global opinion. The PR spin on the veto will no doubt attempt to portray the US measure as some sort of noble endeavour. The nobleness was certainly in Israel's favour.
Moment in history
When I was an undergraduate, the most fascinating, most closely scrutinised event that all students of the Middle East were exposed to was the 1979 Islamic revolution in Iran. That was a truly momentous event. The repercussions for the Middle East were staggering. Political Islam came to the fore as an academic discipline. The political power play in the region shifted with alliances quickly emerging against Iran for fear that its brand of revolutionary zeal would spread. That revolution continues to captivate.
More than 30 years later, however, the new crop of undergraduates will be evaluating perhaps an even more momentous event: That of February 11, 2011, when Egypt, the Arab world's most populous nation, one at the core of the region's political, economic and security affairs, defeated its very own despotism, rid itself of fear and raised expectations of a new era of political relations in the Middle East. Incidentally, Mubarak was forced out precisely 32 years from the day when the shah of Iran was deposed.
While the people of Tunisia wrote the introduction to what we can call the unfolding "project for the new Arab century", the people of Egypt have just completed its defining first chapter. What conclusions can be drawn from these historic events is far too early to gauge. What is certain, however, is that many more chapters will be written before the political dust settles. Safe to say, nevertheless, that the birth pangs of a new Middle East are now definitely being felt, but not in ways that many outsiders imagined.
Mohammed Khan is a political analyst based in the UAE.
The views expressed in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect Al Jazeera's editorial policy.
A counter-sting operation by a progressive group caught James O'Keefe's conservative organization, Project Veritas, attempting to pay liberals to wreak havoc during Trump's inauguration. However, as Ryan Grim at The Huffington Post succinctly stated, in this latest sting operation, the stinger got stung.
O'Keefe's ill-fated attempt to use cash to lure progressive groups into disrupting Trump's inauguration saw Project Veritas' Allison Maass caught red-handed once again. Maass was also recently caught trying to infiltrate Russ Feingold's senate campaign by lying about their background as a Democratic activist. However, according to The Huffington Post, that sting operation also quickly unraveled, thanks in part to Maass' supposedly conservative hairstyle and gas-guzzling transportation.
“The Feingold sting apparently fell apart thanks to profiling on the part of the campaign. The would-be infiltrator was blonde and drove a big white pickup truck, which staff said was part of the tipoff.”
null
Project Veritas is known for releasing highly-edited sting operations against liberal organizations. However, after the targets of O'Keefe's latest attempt at a sting operation recognized Maass, a counter-sting operation was orchestrated by Lauren Windsor at The Undercurrent. This karmic turn of events caught the conservative group attempting to pay progressive activists to disrupt Trump's inauguration, successfully exposing the false flag plot by O'Keefe to smear liberal groups.
[Image by Jae C. Hong/AP Images]
As the sting/counter-sting operations unfolded, with both sides presumably recording the conversation in secret, Maass pretended to speak on behalf of a liberal donor who wanted Trump's inauguration to be met with protests and riots. However, unbeknownst to Maass, progressive activist Ryan Clayton knew they were being targeted by the conservative group. As Clayton recorded Maass' attempts to pay them for potentially illegal activities, Maass can be heard offering to pay large sums of money to liberal activists if they “put a stop to the inauguration.” The would-be infiltrator was also recorded saying that the donor they represented had “unlimited resources,” and would approve of efforts such as shutting down bridges in D.C. during the inauguration.
“We just want to see the biggest impact. He'd like to turn on the TV and maybe not even see Trump. Put a stop to the inauguration…interrupt the parties. I think that would make them ultimately the happiest, and wanting to open up their wallet.”
Cenk Uygur of The Young Turks explained why the failed sting operation was severely flawed, not only in the legal sense but also in regards to basic human decency.
“That is not only deeply problematic legally, but think about it for a second morally. What if it had worked and they had started a riot? What are you doing? That's not a sting operation. That is incredibly dangerous. Here are conservative groups posing as liberals trying to start violence in the streets on inauguration day.”
Uygur's co-host, Ana Kasparian agreed, saying that the goal for the conservative group appeared to be smearing liberals and progressives as violent.
“Look, we see this happening with all kinds of political movements that conservatives don't agree with. Occupy Wall Street, they'll send provocateurs to the camps in order to make it seem like the people who are protesting are violent and looting.”
In Eric Byler's exclusive for The Young Turks, counter-strike organizer Lauren Windsor caught up with Maass immediately after the sting operation.
“You think that it's ok to pay people to commit crimes? Isn't that what you do? You set people up that way? You offer them money to commit crimes? You know that's illegal right?”
According to Clayton, after being confronted with the potentially illegal nature of the sting operation, Maass reportedly stated, ” I feel like I need a lawyer.”
Explaining the success of the counter-strike operation, Clayton analyzed the strategy typically used by Project Veritas.
“Normally, they would take that video and cut it up deceptively and edit it. They would say something, and then I would agree, and they would leave that out, that they had been the ones that had said it in the first place. That's kinda their M.O. But in this case, they can't do that, because we got the whole audio. They're trying to pay people to break the law at inauguration. That is against the law.”
Last year, O'Keefe was invited to a presidential debate by Donald Trump. Trump's charitable foundation has also donated to Project Veritas in the past.
[Featured Image by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images]
been fighting each other for a long time, the hate between the two races has grown to enormous proportions. How can a peaceful world be created without totally erase either spices? Superior portrays this very well, and that if just a few of us are determined enough everything is possible. The story brings up subjects which can be easily recognized in our own world to today. The hate the people and the monsters feel towards each other is totally understandable, and most of us would probably been acting the same way - where the solution lays in revenge and destruction of the other part. The manga also bring up the hardship of stay true to your believes, the courage to change, and the power of love and forgiveness. Of course, as so many other manga´s it have stronger and weaker chapters, and sometimes has a bit of uneven pace. A huge plus was some nice, unexpected twist here and there - it really spiced up things. Looked as a whole, it´s a great story that want to let you of without making you feel happy, sad, excited and intrigued. If you are into adventure story´s with a big part action and drama, this manga is definitely for you.Art: 9/9Even if this is labelled as a shounen, the art has a much more "shoujo" feeling to it. The characters (both male and female) are very beautifully designed, with matching skinny bodies and interesting clothing. I personally don't have a problem with that, but it could take away some of the seriousness from some the of scenes. Due to that it´s actually quite a lot of blood and gore in Superior, the beauty can undermine that a bit (this is from someone who´s just been reading "Blade of the Immortal" which portrays this brilliantly). Background art varies, but the panels that have time and effort put into them is outstandingly beautiful and rich in detail. Overall I grow to love the art and especially some of the character designs.Character: 9/9First i can state that the character in Superior doesn´t lack in development. Many of the characters have great development (Sheila in particular). We get (given time) backgrounds on all our main and supporting cast, which will explain their way of thinking and how they turned out to be like they are. I will try to explain why I think the characters was so great without spoiling anything.First out we have Sheila, our MC who starts out much more like a antihero or even a villain.  They are after all the Demon Lord. Sheila has a very primal way of thinking, in their world the strong pray on the weak and they live by that rule. They don´t comprehend feeling like pain of loss, love or compassion. But throughout the series they learn the value of life, love and forgiveness (much due to Exa, but also all the other people around her). It´s not always a happy journey of emotions, due to with these feelings also comes with feelings of regret, guilt and sorrow. To put it short, they become aware of the horrible crimes they made and have to deal with it a long the way. Sheila has absolutely the strongest character development of all characters.Second out we have Exa.  They are the series hero, and is they the hero with a big H. They can often come out to be so righteousness, that you wan´t to strangle him. But then you get to know them and their past more, that change and that feeling change to admiration for their strength of will to change the world to something better. Exa isn´t flawless so they will sometimes sub come to doubts and hopelessness. He´s own ideal is put to test many times and especially then i comes to Sheila.Superior has many other great characters, I grow to like most of them. I loved to follow their personal and relationship developments. Many of both the main and supporting cast get their own chapters, there their past and relationships are portrayed. The only reason that I not giving it a 10 is that some part feels a little bit rushed, overlooked, or underexplored. But overall much enjoyable characters and developments.Enjoyment: 9/10I enjoyed the Superior series hell of a lot! It was an interesting ride, that sometimes made me sit on edge, sometimes cry and sometimes have a good laugh. Some small flaws in the story and characters just made it out of reach of a masterpiece - but it was for shore a memorable series for me.Overall: 9/10For you poor souls that took your times and read my novel of e review, I will keep it short here. A great manga, with a story that brings up many relate able subjects, a heartwarming love story and some good action and adventures. I definitely recommend this manga to all of you that like a good adventure story with some deeper subjects and some heart wrenching romance. GO - READ - IT - NOW! :)
For families of the six Indian sailors on board the MV Suez, an anxious 10-month wait is over and celebrations have begun.On Monday, Somali pirates released 22 crew members, including six Indians and four Pakistanis, of the hijacked merchant vessel after ransom was paid to them. The pirates had taken the crew members, including eleven Egyptians and a Sri Lankan, hostage after capturing the vessel MV Suez last year and demanded $ 2.1 million for their release. The ship belongs to an Egyptian company.Leading Pakistani human rights activist Ansar Burney, who negotiated with the pirates and raised money through donations, said all the sailors would reach their homes in a few days as arrangements are being made for their repatriation.Families of the Indian sailors have thanked Burney for their efforts. "We met almost all ministers of the government, but for over two months, we didn't hear anything about their release. Ansar Burney helped us," said Madhu Sharma, wife of Jammu's NK Sharma who was amongst the sailors held hostage.The families allege that they have no information from the Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) or the Indian Navy so far, a complaint borne out by NDTV's own experience. No one answered the MEA helpline and the Navy number was wrong The Indian Navy says it has been continuously coordinating with international forces to ensure security of MV Suez, and the ship is being provided necessary security cover. Navy sources told NDTV that the security cover was not in the form of an Indian naval ship, but there should be no apprehension about MV Suez's safety. A Navy officer, Commodore Madhavan who spoke to NDTV briefly, said, "The ship's security is the owner's responsibility and we are doing everything we can."
Qatar has been awarded the 2016 UCI Road World Championships, it was announced Wednesday. Cyclingnews first revealed in August that the bid was on track, with this year's Worlds in Valkenburg named as the location for the Qatar announcement. No dates have yet been announced. Related Articles Qatar closes in on 2016 road world championship slot
Cavendish and Vos share advice with juniors
Spain fights to keep Ponferrada as 2014 worlds host
Dubai to create new stage race for 2014
All change for Bookwalter at second Tour of Qatar
United Arab Emirates set to launch UCI Continental team
At the London Olympic Games a source close to the UCI told Cyclingnews that Qatar was the only bid left in the race and that the Qatari delegation pressed for an exclusive agreement that would rule out any competition.
"There is no other candidate for 2016, only Qatar," the source said. "Qatar and the UCI agreed to secure an exclusive application. The date might be delayed to avoid the heat but it's moving ahead."
Today's announcement broke when the Qatar Olympic Committee Tweeted, "The #Qatar #WRCC2016 announcement came in the final day of the Board of Directors Session of @UCI_cycling Union in #Limburg".
The UCI later sent out a press release with the UCI Sport and Technical Director Philippe Chevallier saying: "The management of the Qatar candidature presented an extremely interesting project which incorporated innovative solutions which allowed for the designing of a technically interesting course , we are greatly looking forward to working with them."
2016 will be the first time the road Worlds are held in the Middle East.
However, doubts remain over the 2014 Worlds. The UCI statement read, "Concerning the UCI Road World Championships 2014, the Management Committee decided to grant the organizers of the Ponferrada (ESP) event 30 days to meet contractual commitments, after which time if these had not been met the event would be withdrawn from them."
China is getting serious about cracking down on North Korea with punishing economic sanctions — or at least it's trying to make it look that way.
This week China abruptly cut off seafood imports from North Korea in accordance with new UN Security council sanctions intended to discourage North Korea from advancing its nuclear and ballistic missile programs. And it did so with such speed and intensity that it's causing an uproar among Chinese seafood traders whose businesses are suffering from the move.
Protests have spread across the Northeastern Chinese city of Hunchun, which hosts hundreds of seafood processing plants and relies almost entirely on food imported from North Korea. Dozens of Chinese seafood importers demonstrated in the streets this week carrying red banners with slogans such as “Money earned from our blood and sweat is sitting on the bridge. Please, customs, let us go” and “Sanction North Korea, as long as you protect Chinese citizens from losses.” (Hopefully they're catchier in the original Chinese.)
“It was completely laughable,” Lang Yulin, an importer from Hunchun, told the Financial Times. “We received the notice of the customs ban only half an hour before everything was totally shut down.”
North Korea relies on China for about 90 percent of its foreign trade. So any move Beijing takes to restrict the flow of North Korean goods into China deals a substantial blow to Pyongyang. But because China's economy is so intertwined with North Korea's, it also causes hurt at home.
“I have more than 30 workers and I asked them to all go home or find other jobs,” Song Min, who runs a fresh seafood business in Hunchun, told the Associated Press.
China clearly wants to look tough on North Korea to outside observers. The very fact that the protests have been so visible and that the Chinese government hasn't cracked down on them is likely a deliberate decision to allow the world to witness evidence of its sanctions.
“The fact that they would let [the protests] be amplified in the media is probably part of an information operation inside China,” explains Patrick Cronin, the senior director of the Asia-Pacific Security Program at the left-leaning Center for a New American Security. “They want to find ways to signal that they're doing something.”
But experts say the question is whether China will stay the course.
China has few good options on North Korea
China has a tricky dilemma when it comes to leaning on North Korea. It would prefer that North Korea not have nuclear weapons and provoke the global community constantly with its missile testing, and for that reason it does want to apply some pressure to Pyongyang.
On the other hand, China isn't as worried about North Korea's nuclear program as it is the potential collapse of the country itself, which would create a refugee crisis on the peninsula and likely send millions of North Koreans pouring across the Chinese-North Korean border. China also believes the US would likely dramatically increase its military presence in the region to deal with the fallout from the collapse and to secure North Korea's nuclear weapons. And a US military presence on China's border is not something China's leaders want to see any time soon.
That dilemma has resulted in an incoherent mix of economic policies toward North Korea. China announced a ban on coal imports from North Korea in February, but overall trade between China and North Korea grew in the first quarter by close to 40 percent. China is also famously lax in its enforcement of the UN-backed luxury goods ban on North Korea; Glaser told me during an interview in April that she's seen Mercedes-Benz cars drive across the China–North Korean border without license plates.
Right now China has an interest in making dramatic gestures with sanctions enforcement for tactical relief from US pressure. The White House has been demanding that Beijing do more to pinch North Korea's economy and slow the progress of its nuclear programs, and even hit Chinese banks with sanctions to goad them into doing it.
But while the protests make the Chinese government look like they're willing to make hard decisions to put more heat on North Korea, what really matters is if they're still doing it in the future.
“The pattern in the past has been initial compliance with sanctions, then becoming more lax over time,” Bonnie Glaser, the director of the China Power Project at the Center for Strategic and international Studies, told me.
Cronin says that China's “attention span on sanctions tends to be very short” — typically six months or less.
There is reason to think China could behave differently this time.
President Trump is persistently threatening to impose severe tariffs on China's exports if it doesn't do more to curb North Korea's nuclear and missile programs. And China is already unnerved by South Korea and Japan's attempts to improve their missile capabilities. As international pressure ramps up, these developments could be just enough to get China to rethink its usual strategy.
The Senate voted down a stunt proposal to create single-payer health care on Thursday in a move that revealed where the Democratic Party may be headed.
As part of the legislative process to repeal the Affordable Care Act, senators from both parties were free to force their colleagues to vote on various health care measures.
Republican Sen. Steve Daines of Montana, a critic of single-payer health care, used the opportunity to put Democrats on the spot over the idea.
Most Democratic senators decided to sit out the vote, and it failed 0-57. But four Democrats—all from states that went to Donald Trump—joined the 52 Republican senators to vote no on the amendment: Sens. Joe Manchin of West Virginia, Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota, Jon Tester of Montana and Joe Donnelly of Indiana. (Independent Sen. Angus King of Maine, which gave one elector to Trump, also voted against the measure.)
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
The vote came as support for a single-payer health care system is increasing among Democrats. According to a Pew Research Center poll in June, 52 percent of Democrats now think health insurance should be provided by a single government-run system. A majority of House Democrats now back a “Medicare for All” bill that would create something like single-payer.
Democratic Sens. Elizabeth Warren, Cory Booker and Kamala Harris are among the few who have expressed support for single-payer. On Thursday, Democratic Sen. Ron Wyden said they were “interested” in single-payer and said that they looked forward to seeing how it works out in individual states–like California, which has been considering it.
“The laboratories of democracy could really have some opportunities,” they said.
Another person who has praised single-payer health care? President Trump, who told Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull that “you have better healthcare than we do” during a May visit.
Write to Jack Brewster at jack.brewster@time.com.
Criminals like Liz Rodriguez, the “mastermind” of the Broken Arrow (OK) home invasion earlier this week that saw their three masked knife and brass knuckle-armed accomplices killed when they ran into the homeowners adult son who as armed with an AR-15, doesn't have any compassion at all for the man they and their friends traumatized.
“I'm sorry we broke into their house. I'm sorry we scared them or whatever, but I'm not going to be sorry they shot somebody. They could've shot them boys in the leg. I understand they were scared, had every right, they have their rights, has their rights, I'm understanding of him. I affected their lives, I'm sorry, but am I compassionate for him? He's on the bottom of my list to be compassionate for,” Rodriguez said.
They said she'd done other break-ins in Tulsa County and near Owasso, but no one had ever been home.
They said they'd already broken into the Peters' garage and loaded items into the trunk, then the boys went to kick in the door of the main house – they heard the kicks, then gunshots and waited.
Rodriguez said, “Jake came out and slid across my car. I put it in park, got out and before they fell down. They said, ‘I got hit.' I said, ‘Where, bro,' and I pulled up their shirt and saw the gunshot in their chest and all the blood. I was holding on to him, ‘C'mon bro, get in the car, get in the car, get out of here,' but they just grabbed my hand and said go, told me to leave.”
Ah, summer. That special time of year when those good spatula-wielding folks who only cook for one season out of the year (let's call 'em what they are: dads) dust off the old grill to burn a few steaks and serve up some medium-rare chicken. Okay, perhaps I'm being unfair here. There are plenty of amazing backyard cooks who take a structured, scientific approach to good grilling and reap the flavorful rewards because of it, but there are just as many who think that all it takes to put together a successful backyard cookout is the ability to buy some steaks and light a fire.
I've been to enough cookouts in my time to recognize the warning signs of tough, sooty, or downright dangerous meat to come. Here are some of the most common mistakes beginning grillers make and how to avoid them.
Mistake #1: You Used Lighter Fluid or Match-Light Coals
The Thinking: If I douse my coals in liquid fuel, of course they'll light faster! It's logical and it's a mistake most beginning grillers make. It doesn't help that match-light coals and lighter fluid are heavily marketed in the grilling aisle at the home centers and supermarkets. It's easy to understand why so many people buy lighter fluid: Try holding a match underneath a coal and you won't get very far.
The Reality: After erupting in a mushroom cloud of fire, the flames quickly subside and die. You end up squirting lighter fluid on the coals in a desperate attempt to keep the fire going (and perhaps even after the fire is alive and kicking because it's just so damn fun to set things on fire). All seems to be going well until you take that first gasoline-scented bite of a hamburger. Truth is, no matter how long you let a fire that was started with lighter fluid burn, you can taste it on your food, and it's not pleasant.
The Fix: What you really need is a chimney starter. You place some crumpled newspaper underneath it, pack the top with coals, set the newspaper on fire with a single match or lighter, then let it work its magic as oxygen is drawn up and through the coals, lighting them efficiently without the need for any lighter fluid at all.
Your coals will be lit in record time with no risk of adding off-flavors to your food.
Mistake #2: You Spread the Coals Before They Were Fully Gray
The Thinking: But I'm hungry now! I get it. When you have a spatula in your hand, everything looks like a burger. You just can't wait to get that food on the grill, gray ash be damned.
The Reality: You start cooking before your coals are ready leading to inconsistent heat, off-flavors, and unpredictable cook times.
The Fix: Have patience! There's a reason the bag tells you to wait until the coals are covered in gray ash. A fire that might seem moderately hot while the coals still have some black will very rapidly rise to inferno levels as the coals continue to ignite. Temperature control is priority number one when it comes to grilling, and waiting until those coals stabilize is the best way to avoid any surprises.
Mistake #3: You Didn't Preheat the Grill
The Thinking: That fire is hella hot. It's ready to cook on NOW.
The Reality: That fire might be producing plenty of radiant heat—that's the infrared heat you can feel on your hand when you hold it above the grill—but the grill grates themselves are still relatively cool, which means that your food will not receive much conductive heat—the heat transferred directly by the grill grates. Rather than picking up dark, attractive grill marks and releasing easily, your food will stick to the metal. And meat sticking to metal is an actual chemical bond that is nearly impossible to cleanly break. Instead of coming up cleanly, your food tears and shreds.
The Fix: After your fire is lit, cover the grill and let it preheat for at least five to 10 minutes in order for the fire to transfer heat to the grill grates. With pre-heated grill grates, your food has much less of a chance of sticking as its proteins alter their shape before they even come in direct contact with the metal.
Hot grills are also easier to clean, which takes us to...
Mistake #4: You Forgot to Clean the Grates, Dummy!
The Thinking: Fire kills everything. Burnt-on food adds flavor. Nobody will notice. Take your pick.
The Reality: Your chicken comes off the grill with carbonized bits of last night's pork chops stuck to it or, worse, tonight's chicken ends up sticking to last night's pork chops, leaving its outer layers behind on the grill. Tomorrow night part of your asparagus is gonna stick to that chicken. The burnt-on layer of food is going to grow and grow like a katamari until eventually entire prime ribs and turkeys are going to get stuck to it.
The Fix: Clean those darned grill grates! All you need is a grill brush and the smallest amount of elbow grease.
Pro-tip: If you cook on your grill regularly, don't bother cleaning your grill when you are finished cooking and all you want to do is focus on feeding your hungry guests and getting to that next beer. And don't bother trying to clean the grill at the end of the evening when it's already cooled down and the gunk has hardened. Instead, clean your grill after preheating it just before you start to cook. The heated grease and food remains should scrape right off.
The rather pricey Tool Wizard Grill Brush that comes recommended from Cook's Illustrated lasted all of two weeks on my grill a few seasons ago. Instead, I recommend the Weber Three-Sided Grill Brush, which like all Weber products, is built to last.
Mistake #5: You're Using Too Much Direct Heat
The Thinking: Me Like Meat. Me Like Fire. Me Like Big Meat With Big Fire. The bigger the fire, the better the searing and charring and the tastier the meat.
The Reality: Your fire is too hot and your steak starts to burn on the outside before it's even begun to hit medium rare in the center. You desperately look around for a place to move it to but your entire grill is as hot as the eighth level of hell.
The Fix: Build yourself a two-zone fire. On a coal grill, this means evenly distributing the coals under only half of the grill, leaving the other half either empty or covered with a very, very thin layer of coals. In a gas grill this means lighting the burners on one side, leaving the other side off or on very low heat. With two zones you have much more control over your cooking. Place meat and vegetables over the hot side for fast searing, or shift them over to the cooler side for more gently cooking. With your meat on the cool side of the grill and the grill covered, you can even create an oven-like setting inside for grill-roasting large cuts of meat like prime rib or a leg of lamb.
Read more about two-zone fires in our grilling guide here.
Mistake #6: You Keep Futzing With That Lid
The Thinking: Is it done yet?... Nope. Is it done yet?... Nope. Is it done yet?... Nope. Is it done yet?... You know what I'm talking about. That unbreakable, irresistible urge you get to keep checking on that big ol' pork chop.
The Reality: Repeatedly lifting the lid with a gas grill will cause it to lose heat, making your food sear and cook more slowly. Repeatedly lifting with a coal grill will do the opposite, allowing in oxygen that causes the coals to bun hotter than you'd like them to, resulting in burnt meat.
The Fix: Be patient! It's not a crime to flip your burgers or steaks multiple times as they cook, but just bear in mind that every time you open and close that lid, you're adding inconsistencies to your cooking temperature. Remember this basic rule of thumb: If you're cooking on a gas grill, opening the lid will make it cooler. If you're cooking on a charcoal grill, opening the lid will make it hotter.
Mistake #7: You Think that Awesome Looking Flames Make for Awesome Tasting Meat
The Thinking: The difference between cooking indoors and cooking outside is that live fire right? So it must be good to let your burgers and steaks get engulfed in flames.
The Reality: Flames engulfing your meat end up leaving sooty, nasty-tasting deposits on the surface of your food. Small flames and minor flare-ups are ok, but you definitely don't want that fire licking your steak before you do.
The Fix: Fire requires three things to burn: fuel, energy, and oxygen. Flare-ups are generally caused by fat dripping out of your meat and igniting on the coals or the grill bars below—adding fuel. Trimming off excess fat can help mitigate some of the issues, but the fact is that with a well-marbled steak or a nice juicy burger, you want that fat to be there from the start. The easiest way to control a flare-up if you aren't cooking too many things at once is to simply move the meat off of the hot side and onto the cool side of the grill until the flare-up subsides before carefully returning it.
But what if your grill is too full to effectively shift things around? This scenario leaves you with two options: reduce the energy in the system or cut off oxygen supply. Squirting water from a spray bottle at little flare ups will do a good job of reducing energy—that energy that was going to feeding the flare-up instead goes into evaporating the water. But it's also a good way to spray up excess soot or worse, to spread around the fat, exacerbating the flare-up problem down the line.
Better is to simply do what you should be doing anyway: close that lid and cut off the oxygen supply. A few moments with the lid and vents closed should choke off any flame.
Mistake #8: You Think the Vents are for Decoration
The Thinking: What effect could these little fiddly things possibly have on my man-sized flame?
The Reality: Adjusting the position of the vents is the best way to control oxygen and heat flow within your charcoal grill.
The Fix: Access to oxygen can have a major impact on how efficiently your coals combust. Too much and they can erupt into soot-inducing flames. Too little and they choke themselves out. The lower and upper vents on your charcoal grill can be used to adjust the flow of oxygen, thereby adjusting the heat generated inside your grill. Cooking chicken, ribs, or brisket low and slow over indirect heat? Keep those vents closed. Searing the outside of a big fat steak or a burger? Keep them open to encourage higher heat (just don't let those flames lick the meat!).
The relative positioning of the top and bottom vents can also make a difference! I like to position my vents with the lower vent on the opposite side of the food and the lid vents directly above the food to promote convection currents inside that more efficiently take hot air above and around the food.
Mistake #9: You're Adding the Barbecue Sauce Too Early!
The Thinking: I'm gonna paint this sucker with multiple layers of barbecue sauce and let each one cook on because it'll give everything more flavor.
The Reality: The barbecue sauce starts to burn and turns acrid way before your meat is even close to completion. Your guests sheepishly scrape off the layer of blackened soot from what used to be chicken before adding extra sauce straight from the bottle to cover up that bitterness, but it doesn't help. The bitterness stays. All. Night. Long.
The Fix: Barbecue sauce does very little penetrate no matter how early you apply it. At most it's a surface treatment, which means that you can add it towards the end of cooking and still get just as much flavor out of it without risking burning it. If you are using a sweet barbecue sauce, wait until the final five to 10 minutes of cooking to paint it onto your meat with a brush.
Mistake #10: You're Cooking Too Many Different Things at Once
The Thinking: Some people like chicken, some people like sausages, some people like burgers, why not cook them all at once?
The Reality: Your burgers overcook, your chicken is undercooked, everything is cross-contaminated, and nothing is as good as it should be.
The Fix: Stick to grilling one type of food at a time but focus on really nailing it. The high heat you need for perfectly seared burgers or steaks is different from the low-and-slow heat you need for chicken or sausages. When I'm hosting a cookout, I'll focus on cooking one type of meat at a time before moving on to the next, making sure that I have plenty of side dishes and snacks for folks who don't like the particular thing I'm cooking at the moment. The result is better food and happier guests all around.
Mistake #11: You're Poking Your Meat to Tell if it's Done
The Thinking: I've seen those guys on TV poke their steak with their finger to see if it's done, that must be the way professionals do it. You know the drill. Hold your forefinger to your thumb and poke the ball of your thumb with your other hand. That's what rare feels like. Hold your middle finger and that's medium. Hold your third finger and that's well-done.
The Reality: You probably are not a professional, which means you probably haven't cooked the hundreds or thousands of steaks required to fine tune your poke-test finger. Your steak ends up well done or raw.
The Fix: Forget about the whole poke test. First off, different people have different fingers, different hands, entirely different sets of calibration. Not only that, but different steaks all feel, well, different. Without tons and tons of experience, there's no way to reliably tell if your steak is done by poking it. You know what is reliable? A thermometer. Get yourself either a Thermapen or its inexpensive cousin the Thermopop and say goodbye to over- or undercooked meat forever.
Check out Myth #7 in my piece on common steak myths for some more details.
Mistake #12: You're Serving Your Food Too Soon
The Thinking: The meat is hot, my guests are hungry, let's get this food on the table NOW.
The Reality: Cutting into a steak that's too hot not only ends up burning your guests' mouths, but it also causes the meat to unleash a torrent of juices that run all over the cutting board or plate.
The Fix: Let your meat rest off of the grill for a few minutes before serving it. This will allow the internal juices to thicken and redistribute, which in turn reduces the amount of spillage you get after cutting into them. So you like the outside of your meat to be hot and sizzling right when you serve it? No problem: rest your meat as usual, then right before serving it toss it back over the highest possible heat on your grill for just around 30 seconds per side. You'll end up with perfectly rested, juicy meat and a nice crisp, sizzling crust.
Check out my piece on the importance of resting meat for more details.
This post may contain links to Amazon or other partners; your purchases via these links can benefit Serious Eats. Read more about our affiliate linking policy.
SHARE About John Doe Separate but related criminal investigations initiated by Milwaukee County prosecutors have examined events and activities during Scott Walker's time as Milwaukee County executive and as governor. Prosecutors have conducted the probes under the state's "John Doe" statutes that grant extraordinary powers to investigators to compel testimony and maintain secrecy. The first John Doe investigation, begun in 2010, led to convictions of six Walker aides, associates or appointees on charges ranging from theft from a veteran's group to misconduct in office. The second Doe probe, launched in 2012, looked into coordination between conservative political organizations and Walker and other candidates during recall elections. The second probe was halted in May 2014 by a federal judge who agreed that the investigation denied one of the conservative groups' its free-speech rights. No charges have been filed in the second investigation. Walker has denied wrongdoing. See full coverage in John Doe special section
By of the
Madison — The Wisconsin Supreme Court ruled Friday it would not hear arguments — in secret or in public — as it considers whether to allow an investigation to continue that has looked into whether Gov. Scott Walker's campaign illegally worked with conservative groups in recall elections.
"The prospect of oral argument creates severe tension between important and conflicting priorities," the court wrote, citing the long tradition of open courts and the secrecy of the John Doe.
Instead, the court will decide the matter based on hundreds of pages of briefs that have been filed in the cases, mostly in secret, because the court also rejected a special prosecutor's argument that the secrecy genie has already largely escaped the bottle.
The investigation has been stalled for more than a year, and the court's decision is expected to determine whether it can be revived or shut down for good. Its ruling will likely come by this summer, just as the Republican governor ramps up an expected bid for the presidency.
The decision not to hear oral argument was one of three related rulings from the court late Friday.
The court also denied the Journal Sentinel's efforts to intervene in the case, and said the original John Doe secrecy order should be honored in all the pleadings before the high court. That could mean less, not more, information about the stalled investigation can be expected to emerge from high court litigation, though the order suggested edited versions of some document may still allow the public to follow issues and arguments.
Justice Ann Walsh Bradley, who faces a challenger to their re-election April 7, did not participate in any of the orders. They recused themselves from all the John Doe cases months ago, citing the fact their son is a law partner to a lawyer representing a subject of the John Doe investigation.
Chief Justice Shirley Abrahamson dissented from all three orders.
"The court's order is long on summarizing the parties' positions regarding oral argument but short on setting forth the court's own reasoning for canceling oral argument," they wrote.
"The court's failure to provide further justification for its highly unusual decision to cancel oral argument is, in my view, alarming."
Justice David Prosser also dissented, but they argued the court should hear oral arguments in secret, then release edited transcripts and video.
"As members of this court, our job is to do the right thing, as each of us understands the right thing, regardless of the inconvenience, or the controversy, or the consequences," Prosser wrote.
Arguments were slated to be heard April 17 and 20 in what could have been some of the longest arguments before the state's high court.
Those involved in the cases had been uncertain how to conduct arguments because of the secrecy surrounding the cases. They had suggested the court hold arguments, but not allow the public to attend them. They recommended allowing the public to watch at least part of the proceedings using a delayed tape.
Earlier this month, the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel asked to intervene in the cases to argue the public should be able to attend the arguments and review the court documents in the case.
In a lengthy order Friday, the court found that request untimely, noting that the newspaper had not sought to intervene after the Court of Appeals ruled in January 2014 that certain records would remain permanently under seal.
The court said that while the newspaper's desire to argue that oral arguments be public is now moot, its desire to argue about the process of redacting other documents in the case would "delay by weeks or months" the redactions that are already in progress.
Abrahamson also took issue with the court on that decision, saying it "may, unfortunately, signify the court's intention to dispose of the John Doe cases as a whole in a similarly swift and secretive manner. I cannot join the court in concealing this important litigation from public view."
Milwaukee County District Attorney John Chisholm, a Democrat, launched the probe in 2012 to determine whether Walker's campaign illegally worked with conservative groups in recall elections in 2011 and 2012. Chisholm was assisted in that probe by two Republican and two Democratic district attorneys from other counties and the state Government Accountability Board, which oversees campaign finance laws.
That investigation was effectively halted more than a year ago, when the judge overseeing it found the activities in question were not illegal. No one has been charged and Walker, their campaign and the conservative groups have said they did nothing wrong.
Much of the otherwise secret probe has become public through media reports and a wave of litigation that resulted in once-sealed documents being filed in state and federal courthouses. Among the information disclosed was the Walker campaign's involvement in raising money for the Wisconsin Club for Growth.
Sweden's ruling Social Democrat-Green coalition and the four parties in the centre-right Alliance opposition (the Moderates, the Centre Party, the Liberals and the Christian Democrats) presented the new agreement on refugee immigration and integration at a press conference on Friday morning.
"We have got further than many thought we would. Perhaps even a bit further than we ourselves thought," Justice and Migration Minister Morgan Johansson of the Social Democrats told reporters.
The parties agreed to introduce temporary residence permits rather than permanent ones, an idea mainly pushed for by Anna Kinberg Batra's Moderate Party, in the coming three years. Families with children and unaccompanied minors arriving in the country will be excepted from the hotly debated proposal.
The politicians also agreed to make it mandatory for all local authorities to take in a share of refugees. A 10 billion kronor grant is to be shared between Sweden's councils in 2015 to help them cope with the influx.
The announcement came as Germany said it planned to introduce tougher asylum laws by Saturday. Both countries have been fighting for a fairer distribution of asylum seekers across the EU in recent weeks.
Sweden's parties agreed on Friday to raise the number of migrants the country accepts under EU quotas to 5,000 (from 1,900) and to look at ways of finding more legal ways for refugees to seek asylum in member states. Efforts will also be boosted to ensure people who have had their applications rejected leave the country.
The government also announced that it would request that the EU helps relocate some of Sweden's asylum seekers to other member states, to help share the burden.
"We say that not just Greece and Italy should be part of this redistribution scheme, but Sweden as well. And I have brought this up with the commission's chairperson Juncker and the council's chairperson Tusk, that the situation is such that you have to count on that we will put forward a request of that kind," Prime Minister Stefan Löfven told the TT news agency after the press conference.
To help new arrivals integrate, the parties agreed to introduce Swedish tuition at asylum accommodation centres. The government will also increase tax deductions for work in the home (the so-called 'Rut deduction') to include IT services, home removal and gardening work, a proposal put forward by the Social Democrats' minor coalition partners, the Greens.
The Left Party, which formed part of earlier talks, was left out of the cross-party deal.
"The government has chosen to close the door to the Left Party in the negotiations. They have chosen to join the Conservative's very restrictive line," its representative Nooshi Dadgostar told Aftonbladet.
However the Social Democrats' representative Ylva Johansson told Friday's press conference the party had left of their own accord.
The anti-immigration Sweden Democrat party has not been part of the talks either.
Friday's agreement followed days of crisis talks between the mainstream parties as Sweden continues to take in record numbers of refugees fleeing war in Africa and the Middle East.
On Thursday the Migration Agency revealed that up to 190,000 asylum seekers are expected to arrive in the Nordic country in 2015, more than twice as many as previously predicted. Of those, 29,000 to 40,000 are expected to be children travelling alone.
Another wave of between 100,000 and 170,000 people are predicted for 2016.
"We note that the current refugee situation is unprecedented in modern times. We see pictures of people literally walking from Greece, across the Balkans and Germany and towards the Nordic countries. More people than ever are seeking asylum in Europe, but there is no border control and no exact figure," its director-general Anders Danielsson told reporters at a press conference in Stockholm on Thursday.
Download the Syracuse University public infractions appeals committee decision Syracuse University will gain back one man's basketball scholarship per year over the next four years, according to a decision issued by the NCAA Division I Infractions Appeals Committee. The Infractions Appeal Committee also upheld the vacation of wins and the financial penalty prescribed by an NCAA Division I Committee on Infractions panel. In its appeal, the school stated the vacation of men's basketball and football records was inconsistent with other cases related to extra benefits. Additionally, the school asked the Infractions Appeals Committee to review the men's basketball scholarship reductions because it believed the penalty is disproportionate to the specific details of the case. After its review, the Infractions Appeals Committee found the vacation of men's basketball and football records was not an abuse of discretion by the Committee on Infractions. However, the Infractions Appeals Committee determined the scholarship reductions in men's basketball were a departure from precedent and modified the reduction. The scholarship reduction of 12 imposed by the Committee on Infractions was reduced to eight scholarships over a four-year period – two scholarships for each academic year (2015-16, 2016-17, 2017-18 and 2018-19).
In March, the Committee on Infractions found that over the course of a decade, Syracuse did not control and monitor its athletics programs, and its head men's basketball coach failed to monitor their program. Syracuse self-reported a number of the violations, dating back to 2001, including academic misconduct, extra benefits, the failure to follow its drug-testing policy and impermissible booster activity. The Committee on Infractions also found impermissible academic assistance and services were provided to student-athletes.
Penalties prescribed by the Committee on Infractions earlier this year, not including those self-imposed by the school, included five years of probation; financial penalties; reduction of three men's basketball scholarships per year for four years; vacation of wins in which ineligible students participated; a suspension of nine conference games for the head basketball coach; and men's basketball recruiting restrictions for two years. Additionally, the panel accepted the school's one-year postseason ban in men's basketball is self-imposed after the NCAA hearing, among other measures outlined in the public decision.
An appeal by the head men's basketball coach is pending.
The members of the Infractions Appeals Committee who heard this case were David Williams, committee chair and vice chancellor for university affairs and athletics and athletics director at Vanderbilt University; Susan Cross Lipnickey, associate athletics director for student-athlete services and senior woman administrator at Xavier University; Jack Friedenthal, professor emeritus at George Washington University; W. Anthony Jenkins, attorney in private practice; and Patti Ohlendorf, vice president for legal affairs at the University of Texas at Austin.
Wisconsin U.S. Rep. Glenn Grothman says their fellow congressional Republicans won't immediately defund Planned Parenthood, and they won't shut down the government trying.
Grothman made a name for themselves in the Wisconsin state Legislature as an outspoken critic of the reproductive health care provider. They were elected to their first term in the U.S. House last November.
While Grothman said he'd like to defund Planned Parenthood at the federal level, they told Wisconsin Public Radio's Joy Cardin that right now, "it's not going to happen."
"We could shut down the government, but we've seen in the past after a week or two weeks or three weeks, eventually the public is mad and we wind up going ahead with the funding anyway," Grothman said.
Grothman said defunding Planned Parenthood will require a Republican Congress and a Republican president.
"We have to worry about getting reelected," Grothman said. "We want to get a Republican elected president, and a government shutdown hurts the Republican Party, so we're not going to do that."
Grothman said they think the same will be true in December, when Congress faces another short-term spending vote and another potential shutdown.
The road to a Romney victory is really, really rocky. Ezra Klein sums this up in the following piece. A few excerpts:
On the presidential level, where everyone running campaigns is very, very good at their jobs, campaign infighting and incoherence tend to be the result of a candidate being behind in the polls, not the cause of it. Romney is behind and has been there for quite some time. According to the Real Clear Politics average of head-to-head polls, Romney hasn't led the race since October 2011. The closest they came to a lead in the polls this year was during the Republican National Convention, when they managed to ... tie Obama...
This year, it was the Democrats who made the biggest gains from before to after the conventions. Obama is leading by 3 percent in the Real Clear Politics average of polls, about double their lead before the Republican convention. If that doesn't fade by the end of the week or so -- that is, if it proves to be a real lead rather than a post-convention bounce -- then there's simply no example in the past 15 elections of a candidate coming back from a post-convention deficit to win the popular vote.
This is about the point where I'm supposed to write: That said, the race remains close, and the debates are coming soon. It's still anyone's game. But the most surprising of Erikson and Wlezien's results, and the most dispiriting for the Romney campaign, is that unlike the conventions, the debates don't tend to matter. There's "a fairly strong degree of continuity from before to after the debates," they write. That's true even when the trailing candidate is judged to have "won" the debates. "Voters seem to have little difficulty proclaiming one candidate the 'winner' of a debate and then voting for the opponent," Erikson and Wlezien say.
Gallup agrees. The august polling firm reviewed the surveys it did before and after every televised presidential debate and concluded they "reveal few instances in which the debates may have had a substantive impact on election outcomes. "
The Romney campaign tends to point to two elections to show how its candidate could win this thing. There's 1980, when Jimmy Carter supposedly led Ronald Reagan until the debates, and 1988, when Michael Dukakis was leading by 13 points after their convention. In fact, Reagan led going into the 1980 debates. And although Dukakis's convention bounce was indeed large, it was wiped out by Bush's convention bounce, which put them back in the lead.
I think there is something about this particular moment in liberalism wherein we attribute magical powers to the letters G and O and P. There seems to be a popular sense that Sheldon Adelson is an archlich , and the Koch brothers are the Crimson Twins. Maybe it's the 2000 election, I don't really know.
I am not making predictions, but I am going to gush here: I think Barack Obama is a gifted politician, and a ruthless campaigner. That their opponents (and even some of us) don't really get this, that we think they are merely lucky, only heightens the joy I feel watching them do work. I don't expect to ever feel like this again in my life. The good times are so rare. As a liberal, I see nothing wrong with looking at the math, and then enjoying the moment. It does not preclude voting, nor making sure friends and family vote. If I'm wrong, I'm wrong. I'll move on.
The thing is this: As a black person, there's a sort of Cinderella effect. We were not supposed to be here -- not in this time. We were supposed to inaugurate Starfleet before we inaugurated a black president. And yet here we are. And it has been so much worse in the past.
Not to go all race man, but I cut on the television and I see Barack Obama say, "I'll let the American people be the judge of that" and I get warm in a way that I know my people understand. And none of this was supposed to happen. When I was young I was convinced that I should have been black in another time. (Wouldn't it have been great to be like my Dad, rocking the black beret, and aiming guns at the cops?) Sometimes I fall victim to Civil War fantasy, but in my heart I would not have wanted to see any other time, as a black person, than this one.
It is a particular thing to be black and watch Barack Obama. I can't even explain it. There is a picture of Muhammad Ali after they beat Sonny Liston where where he, with mouth agape, points at the people sitting in the press room who insisted the Louisville Lip would be killed. The feeling conveyed in that picture is what it's like to be black and watch Obama.
I don't know if that translates. Perhaps I need some libertarian cousins.
The unpopular law contains retains existing fines of up to €600,000 ($746,000) for unauthorized protests outside buildings "which provide basic services to the community", a definition that encompasses everything from hospitals to universities and the Spanish parliament.
The new law, which the government argues will ensure public security, also forbids the photographing or filming of police officers in situations where doing so could put them in danger. This could result in a fine of up to €30,000. Showing a "lack of respect" to those in uniform, meanwhile, could lead to a fine of €600.
The law has been dubbed the 'ley mordaza' or 'gag law' by opposition groups and the Spanish media, many of whom believe the law will curtail individual rights.
It was passed in the lower house of the Spanish parliament on Thursday, despite all parliamentary groups except for the ruling PP voting against the legislation. It will now be reviewed by the Spanish senate where the PP enjoys an overwhelming majority.
Spain's major opposition party, the socialist PSOE, vowed to overturn the legislation if they reclaim power in general elections set for late 2015.
The eventual vote was 181 for and 141 against and was met with protests from opposition politicians.
Seven MPs from the left.wing IU party had to be asked twice to take off white gags that they had taped over their mouths to express their clear rejection of the draft law, while members of the Solfónica choir, connected to Spain's indignant protest movement, burst into a rousing rendition of 'Do you hear the people sing' from the musical Les Misérables.
Protesters in the gallery of the Spanish parliament belt out a rendition of 'Do you hear the people sing'? from Les Misérables on Thursday.
Spain's new Citizen Security Law also contains tough new measures to deal with the increasing number of immigrants trying to cross the border of Spain's two North African enclaves of Ceuta and Melilla.
Under an amendment recently added to the legislation, Spanish authorities will be able to instantly deport migrants who illegally enter Spain by clambering over the border fences from Morocco into Ceuta and Melilla.
Spain has been internationally criticized in recent months for its treatment of migrants in the two Spanish enclaves, with critics saying the return of immigrants to Morocco once they have already crossed into Spain flouts both international and EU laws.
The narrow, black-and-white Union Craft Brewing sign that points to its low brick building on the west side of Interstate 83 in Woodberry is painted on an old chimney, so it won't go with the brewery as it relocates about a quarter mile north to another warehouse east of the highway.
That short move is a big step for the growing brewery and for Baltimore's emerging craft manufacturing economy.
Union Craft plans to redevelop a 10.5-acre Medfield site formerly occupied by plastics maker Hedwin Corp. as manufacturing and retail space for itself and other growing Baltimore firms.
Makers of craft beer and spirits, along with other small manufacturers, are a growing economic force in Baltimore. They're adding jobs, energizing neighborhoods, boosting tourism and, city leaders and economists say, are an important aspect of reviving Baltimore's long suffering manufacturing base.
"For years we have tried to stimulate manufacturing in the region and often these breweries are not viewed as manufacturing because they're not producing steel or automobiles," said economist Anirban Basu, CEO of Sage Policy Group. "But they are manufacturers nonetheless. These are people who are creating wealth for their communities because they are creating value.
"These people are creators."
Union Craft, founded in 2011 by Jon Zerivitz, Kevin Blodger and Adam Benesch, began looking for a new spot about two years ago, as it expanded distribution throughout Maryland and into Virginia and Washington, D.C., and outgrew its old 15,000-square-foot space.
Union Craft is not the only growing booze maker in the city revitalizing older properties. Numerous breweries have popped in recent years, joined by a meadery and lately by craft distillers, offering gin, rum and now whiskeys.
In the past few years, Peabody Heights Brewery opened in a former bottling plant in Waverly; Oliver Brewing moved from the basement of the Pratt Street Alehouse to an industrial park on the east side and began canning and distributing its beers; and Sagamore Spirit, the whiskey company co-owned by Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank, opened its distillery in April in Port Covington on the site of a long defunct rail freight yard.
Union Craft Brewing (Union Craft Brewing)
Union Craft's move triples the size of its brewery and taproom, allowing it to double production initially and expand much more in the future, adding more than 100 jobs over the next decade, the company said.
The brewery has partnered with Seawall Development Co., which developed R. House and other projects in Remington, to overhaul the Hedwin warehouse. Renovations start July 1. Union Craft aims to open the manufacturing and retail space for tenants by late fall, with the brewery and taproom following in spring 2018, Zerivitz said.
Zerivitz said they and their business partners wanted the site to attract manufacturers and others who share their model of giving customers a close-up look — and taste — of what's behind the curtain.
"The traditional model is to find some cheap warehouse space and do your thing in relative anonymity," Zerivitz said. "We thought why not apply the same kind of craft beer model to all these other businesses, give them exposure and a community."
The approach makes smart use of space that, in the past, has been relegated to industrial manufacturing, said William H. Cole IV, president of the Baltimore Development Corp.
Hedwin went bankrupt in 2014 and was acquired by Fujimori Kogyo Co. Ltd., which later relocated its operations to Delaware.
"It's utilizing that empty space but in doing so, it's creating job opportunities for the community and beyond," said City Councilman Leon Pinkett, who represents the district that includes Medfield and Hampden. "I think it's a win-win in that aspect. Not to say residential development is necessarily bad, but we also need commercial development that brings jobs as well."
Cole noted Union Craft could have moved just about anywhere.
"The fact they're really committed to staying in the city is an important part of the story here because they're providing not only jobs but it's a great part of their brand," they said. "Throwing their flag down off 83 is great for them, but it's great for Baltimore, too."
Randy Dalmas, president of the Medfield Community Association, said residents have been supportive of the project, though they have some concerns about increased foot and car traffic.
"A lot of people in the area are familiar with both companies, and they've been really good neighbors," Dalmas said. "We think it could be a really good fit."
Bart Watson, chief economist for the national trade group Brewers Association, said a brewery like Union Craft should be an effective anchor at any development, given the rising popularity of brewery taprooms.
"Craft breweries have had a lot of growth and they're something that drives foot traffic," Watson said. "They often serve as community-gathering spaces."
Watson said the plans for Union Collective reflect what many consumers are looking for these days. Customers who seek farm-to-table restaurants and handcrafted, small-batch goods will likely appreciate a community-minded project like this, they said.
They're also increasingly popular among tourists, a trend Baltimore's tourism bureau wants to capitalize on.
This month, Visit Baltimore is launching a $126,000 print advertising campaign featuring Baltimore "tastemakers" — chefs and brewers, including Union Craft's Kevin Blodger — talking about the city's food and drink scene.
Tourists polled by Visit Baltimore and its research partners named culinary experiences and brewery tours among their top special interests, said Sam Rogers, the chief marketing officer for Visit Baltimore, the city's tourism bureau.
"Having the taproom as a place to try beers and tour the facility, the whole sort of makerspace with it is transformational for so many neighborhoods," Rogers said. "It's really going to be a big part of us telling the 'What's new in Baltimore' story."
Beyond beer, Union Collective taps into a growing network of small manufacturers and makers in Baltimore.
Shuttleworth also wants the high court in Pretoria to set aside a levy of over R250-million they had to pay to get some of their assets out of the country in 2009, and order the South African Reserve Bank (SARB) to return the money.
They further seek an order declaring the bank's so-called "closed door policy", of insisting that the public communicate with it through the intermediation of authorised banks, unconstitutional and invalid.
Shuttleworth blames the existing system of exchange control in South Africa for forcing them to emigrate from South Africa in 2001. They say in court papers the system made it impossible to conduct their entrepreneurial and philanthropic ventures.
They had assets worth over R4.27-billion in South Africa when they emigrated, but transferred the assets out of the country in 2008 and 2009, each time paying a 10% levy.
Shuttleworth currently lives on the Isle of Man and holds dual South African and United Kingdom citizenship.
Their advocate, Gilbert Marcus SC, on Monday argued that the system of exchange control in South Africa was governed not by laws, but by the dictates of an organ of state which were not accessible to the public. They did not follow any constitutionally required process of promulgation and violated numerous constitutional rights.
They argued that the imposition of the levy was based on a policy decision by the finance minister and was unconstitutional because it operated as a revenue-raising mechanism without following the Constitution.
"One of the founding principles of a parliamentary democracy is that there should be no taxation without representation and that the executive branch of government should not itself be entitled to raise revenue for its operation, but should rather be dependent on the taxing power of Parliament which is democratically accountable to the tax-paying public," Marcus said.
"[The SARB] claims because the levy is only imposed on a small part of the population it does not qualify as tax," they said.
'Unfettered legislative powers'
Marcus argued that the levy deprived Shuttleworth of their property without giving them the right to be heard, adding that section nine of the Currency and Exchanges Act was unconstitutional in that it gave the president unfettered legislative powers.
This included the power to make retrospective laws and to amend an act of Parliament by promulgating regulations, irrespective of whether the legislation dealt with currency, banking, or exchange issues.
They argued the regulations violated the right to procedurally fair administrative action and the rights to property and free trade.
"[The regulations] set up a system of exchange control in which the crucial rules are made not by publicly accessible promulgated laws, but rather by an inaccessible system of 'in-house' rules.
"...The effect of the regulations is that the president has vested in the minister the sole power to determine the lawfulness or otherwise of every single transaction involving foreign exchange without any guidance."
The application continues before Judge Francis Legodi. – Sapa
Roughly half of Americans raised in Catholic households have left the church at some point -- and most of them have stayed away for good, according to a recent report by Pew Research Center.
These "former Catholics" make up 15 percent of the U.S. population, according to another recent survey by Public Religion Research Institute. These Americans are largely abandoning religion altogether after leaving the Catholic Church, while others find new homes in Protestant denominations and non-Christians faiths.
Public Religion Research Institute
Former Catholics, as a group, are much more likely than Catholics to be under the age of 30 (33 percent vs. 16 percent, respectively) and identify as politically liberal (37 percent vs. 27 percent, respectively).
Those who have left the church are much less likely than Catholics to express positive views of Pope Francis (64 percent vs. 90 percent.) And less that half of former Catholics (43 percent) hold favorable views of the Catholic Church.
PRRI found that former Catholics are roughly twice as likely as practicing Catholics to speak negatively about the Church (39 percent vs. 22 percent, respectively). They are also five times more likely to mention the clergy sex abuse scandal (11 percent vs. 2 percent, respectively) as an issue of concern.
Public Religion Research Institute
Former Catholics are less likely than current Catholics to say Pope Francis and U.S. bishops understand the needs and views of American Catholics. But a majority of former Catholics see the pope as being openminded, humble and compassionate, according to Pew.
Despite their positive views of Pope Francis, ex-Catholics are unlikely return to the church anytime soon. Pew found that 89 percent of former Catholics say they can't see themselves returning to Catholicism, and 3 percent say they are unsure.
But there may be a silver lining for worried bishops. Half of former Catholics say there's a good chance the popular pope will attract people raised Catholic back to the church.
Public Religion Research Institute
The "Pope Francis effect" may have worked on Raul Castro, leader of Communist Cuba, who after meeting the pontiff in May declared: "I read all the speeches of the pope, their commentaries and if the pope continues this way, I will go back to praying and go back to the church, and I'm not joking." Will Pope Francis work the same magic on Americans?
Today Optalysys announced that the company has successfully developed a demonstrable prototype that can process mathematical functions optically in a scaleable, lensless design.
According to the company, Optalysys optical processing systems will “turbo-charge” existing computers by performing processor-intensive tasks at much faster rates and with a significant reduction in energy consumption. The prototype is portable and has a footprint similar to a desktop computer. The technology has the potential to achieve Exascale processing levels by 2020.
Until now, meaningful optical processing technology has been impractical for a number of reasons,” said Optalysys CEO, Dr. Nick New. “Advancements in liquid crystal technology now permit numerical data to be dynamically entered into an optical system at high speeds and resolutions. Several additional breakthroughs by the Optalysys team have resulted in a patented lensless design which is easily aligned to within a few microns.”
The prototype demonstrates optical derivative functions – mathematical building blocks commonly used in complex engineering model simulations such as weather prediction and aerodynamic modeling. It also performs correlation pattern matching used in Big Data analysis such as DNA analysis and financial modeling.
The prototype achieves a processing speed equivalent to 320 gigaFLOPs and, because it uses light rather than electricity as the processing medium, it is incredibly energy efficient. Now the principles of the approach have been proven, Optalysys is ramping-up the processing capabilities of the technology.
The first project to utilize Optalysys technology starts next month in collaboration with The Genome Analysis Centre (TGAC) to build a Genetic Search System called GENESYS. The system will perform large-scale DNA sequence searches with energy savings of over 95% per year. The project has been granted £0.5 million in funding from the government partner Innovate UK.
Optalysys initial products will launch in 2017 and are expected to enable existing computers to achieve HPC-levels of performance up to an equivalent processing rate of 9 petaFLOPs – comparable to the 5th fastest computer in the world today,” said Optalysys Chairman, James Duez. “Following that we plan to pursue the design of larger systems capable of achieving multiple exaFLOPs by 2020.”
Sign up for our insideHPC Newsletter.
Every good conspiracy theory begins with the pawn. The more obscure and ordinary a figure, the slower they are to realize that their world is not as it appears, the better.
Consider, for instance, Ricky Donnell Ross circa 1980, a functionally illiterate black high-school dropout in South Los Angeles. These were still the boutique days of the crack epidemic, and Ross was a part-time dealer. Soon, though, they found a new supplier, a Nicaraguan man named Oscar Danilo Blandon, at which point Ross's fortunes began to improve rapidly. Within two years, as drug use exploded and they supplied crack to both the Bloods and Crips, Ross became one of the dominant dealers in Los Angeles, moving 100 kilos each week, their network extending as far as southern Ohio.
Blandon was not any ordinary Nicaraguan man. They were a contra, a member of the militias organized and deployed by the CIA to overthrow the left-wing government in Managua. The contras had, it seems, long supplemented the funds Washington sent by helping Colombian traffickers ship cocaine north. A few years before they met Ross, Blandon had moved to California and, together with a group of ex-contras, was soon distributing the drug and using some of the revenue to support the movement back home. Ross did not know any of these details about Blandon, then. But because the CIA's ties to the contras were extensive, and because of Ross's pivotal role in the early crack trade in L.A., this episode soon became fuel for perhaps the last great conspiracy of the twentieth century: that the CIA had spread crack throughout America's inner cities. Ross themselves even seemed convinced. Basically, I was selling drugs for the U.S. government, they explained later, from prison, now a conspiracist, too.
The wider the aperture around this theory, the harder its proponents work to implicate Washington, the shakier it seems: After several trials and a great deal of inquiry, no one has been able to show that anyone in the CIA condoned what Blandon was doing, and it has never been clear exactly how strong Blandon's ties to the contra leadership really were, anyway. But keep the aperture tighter, around Ross himself, and you see American intelligence officials working comfortably in close proximity to drug traffickers in Central America and a remarkably short chain from powerful figures in American intelligence to this crack dealer in Los Angeles. What is left is a general sense that something is amissthat beneath the surface chaos of the early crack trade lies a deeper chaos that is political, that somewhere in the roundabout arrangement of influence in Central America a fist had, for a moment, come ungloved. If Ross sensed that they had been a pawn for forces they could barely understand, they probably aren't wrong. The question was: What forces?
That the Ricky Ross story follows a familiar plot, that we know what a pawn is and that we understand the patterns of conspiracy, owes a great deal to the Kennedy assassination, which took place 50 years ago this month and which gave birth to the modern golden age of conspiracy. The history of paranoia in America is long and magnificently florid: the witches burned in Salem; the Massachusetts colonists who built a settlement for Christian Indians, only to march all its residents to prison when suspicions grew that the converts were Satanist plotters in disguise; the society of stonemasons supposedly bent on controlling the government; the Bavarian liberals called the Illuminati, whose cabal was thought to have arranged the French Revolution and to be plotting something similar in the United States; the assassination of William McKinley, perhaps by Mark Twain. But in the frenzied speculation about whom, exactly, killed John F. Kennedy, the modern conspiracy theory became itself: It acquired its cool, its documentary logic, its familiar cast of villains.
The seduction of conspiracy is the way it orders chaos. In the summer of 1964, the English philosopher and logician Bertrand Russellpast 90 years old then and possibly the most famously rational person on the planetread the early accounts of the Warren Commission Report with mounting alarm. None of the important questions, they thought, were being answered. There was the matter of the parade route being changed without explanation at the last minute, so that the motorcade passed Lee Harvey Oswald's workplace; the geometrically confounding arrangement of entry and exit wounds; the curious fact that an alibi witness who helped get an alternate suspect released from custody turned out to be a stripper at Jack Ruby's club.
The logician went to work. Meticulously, Russell documented the discrepancies between each first-person account and the divergences between each report in the media. They gave their document a modest, scientific-sounding title (16 Questions on the Assassination) and a just-the-facts tone. This strange hybrid method, through which a literary genre convinces itself it is a science, has become not just a template for ornate conspiracies but a defining way in which American stories are told. In the English tradition of mysteries, the screen­writing guru Robert McKee explained a few years ago, a murder is committed and the investigation drives inward: You know, you've got six possible murderers. In the American tradition, a murder is committed, we start to investigate, and it turns out to encompass all society. There is inevitably an intrigue that goes all the way to the White House. And conspiracy is not just how the disenfranchised view the powerful; sometimes, it is how the powerful view themselves. Secretary of State John Kerry recently admitted that they have long believed Oswald had not acted alone.
The stories told on our maniac fringe are not so different from an argument familiar from op-ed pages and Sunday talk showsthat in our zeal to hunt the enemies we see gathering on the horizon, we have committed torture, secretly spied on the innocent, and lost touch with our own principles. In the decades since the Kennedy assassination, American state power has extended around the globe, and simultaneously, the world has become more transparent: We are keeping, and leaking, many more secrets. And so conspiracy theories are no longer about religious cults, or foreign plots, or metaphysical incursions. They are instead about the national-security state, the FBI and the CIA, and the ways in which, in our hunt for conspiracies, we come to act like conspirators ourselves. A fundamental paradox of the paranoid style is the imitation of the enemy, the historian Richard Hofstadter famously wrote. The anti-masons had their own rituals and lodges. The anti-communists had secret propaganda arms, overseas fronts, and purges; the anti-Catholic Ku Klux Klan their priestlike robes. When the real-life CIA funded the contras' rebellion in Nicaragua with money from weapons sales to the Iranians, when it spent years propping up the mad Nero of the cocaine traffic, Manuel Noriega, it seemed to have lost itself so completely that it was, in a sense, imitating the enemy. Why, then, should it be so implausible to think that some of its agents might have turned a blind eye to the small-fry moves, in the same spirit, of Oscar Danilo Blandon?
Conspiracists are by nature anti-heroicthey believe that faceless networks must be far more powerful than ordinary individuals. A marginal figure like Ross could never have built their cocaine empire alone; Oswald could not have killed a president; a few dozen men in Afghan caves could not have brought down the Twin Towers. The romance of the conspiracy hunt lies in the way it transfers vitality from the assassin to the buff, at home alone, searching for the plot's true source. In this, it matches perfectly the romance of the Internet, which perhaps explains why conspiracy has found such a resolute home there. If Ross, Oswald, and Hani Hanjour are merely pawns, then the story needs a hero, and the ­puzzle-solver themselves raises their hand.
When Corinne Standefer retires as a volunteer from the Lane Bloodworks in Eugene, Ore., this month, they will have donated 37 years of their life — and almost 19 gallons of blood.
The 89-year-old gave their first pint decades ago to help a friend who had cancer.
“When they called me and said ‘Could you donate again?' I just started coming in,” they recalled.
So, every eight or nine weeks, as often as it's allowed, Standefer would roll up a sleeve and become one of the prized older donors who contribute the bulk of the U.S. blood supply. Overall, nearly 60 percent of blood donations come from people over 40 — and nearly 45 percent come from people older than 50, according to the AABB, an international nonprofit focused on transfusion medicine and cellular therapies.
There's a problem with that, though. Like Standefer, many regulars are aging out of the donor pool. Increasingly, blood industry experts say, there are too few young people lining up to replace them.
This KHN story also ran in USA Today . It can be republished for free ( details ).
“The older generations seemed to have internalized the message that we always have to have an adequate supply of blood on the shelves,” said Dr. James AuBuchon, president and chief executive of Bloodworks Northwest in Seattle. “The younger generations just seem less wired toward that message.”
For people who grew up during World War II — and their children, the baby boomers — blood donation was a civic duty that became a lifelong habit.
“It was a cultural thing to donate,” said Marie Forrestal, president of the Association of Donor Recruitment Professionals, or ADRP, a division of America's Blood Centers.
That cultural norm has changed, though, and for nearly a decade, blood banks have focused on recruiting teens and young adults, often through high school and college blood drives.
“We're trying to capture the people who are 16 and older,” Forrestal said.
The tactic has been successful: Kids in the youngest age groups — 16-18 and 19-22 — now account for about 20 percent of all donations.
But that's not enough to compensate for lower turnout among people in their late 20s and 30s who can be harder to reach, more mobile and less inclined to donate than other generations. Fewer than 10 percent of blood donations come from people ages 23-29, with a little more than 12 percent from people in their 30s.
Blood Donation Basics Volunteers donated more than 14.2 million units of blood in 2013, according to the latest available figures. More than 13.1 million units were used for transfusions that year. To give blood, volunteers must: — Be healthy, with a normal pulse and blood pressure, and a normal temperature. — Meet minimum age requirements in your state, typically 16 years old. — Weigh at least 110 pounds. — Be free of infections that can be transmitted through blood transfusion, or risk factors for the infections. — Not have donated blood in the past 56 days.
Volunteers are deferred from giving blood for several reasons, including: — Not feeling well on the day of donation. — Past use of needles to take drugs not prescribed by a medical professional. — Being a man who's had sex with another man in the past 12 months – or a woman who's had sex with such a man in the past 12 months. — Getting tattooed in the past 12 months, unless it was done under sterile conditions at a state-licensed facility. — Having certain medical conditions or receiving certain medical treatments or medications. — Living or traveling in certain areas of the world for designated periods of time.
“Sometimes we see them come back when life kind of smacks them in their face in their 40s,” Forrestal said.
Even as donor demographics have changed, so has America's thirst for blood. Overall, blood use has dropped by about a third in the past decade, largely because of improvements in surgical technique and a focus on blood conservation, AuBuchon said.
The 13.1 million units of whole blood and red blood cells transfused in 2013 represented a 4.4 percent decline compared with 2011, a recent analysis by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention showed.
But the dip in donors has fallen faster. Latest figures aren't out, but AuBuchon, a former AABB president, estimates that about 11 million units of blood were donated last year, down from more than 14.2 million collected in 2013. They estimate the number of donors has dropped from 6.8 million to about 6 million in that time.
“It is increasingly difficult to keep this smaller amount of blood on the shelf,” AuBuchon said. “There is considerable concern about the stability of the blood system.”
Sporadic shortages often occur now in select areas of the country and at times of historically low donation — summer vacation, winter holidays, flu season. But those shortages could become worse if new donors aren't found, AuBuchon said.
The key to motivating younger donors is innovation, said Forrestal, who oversees donor recruitment for New Jersey Blood Services, a division of the New York Blood Center.
“Facebook was hot four or five years ago. Now it's much more Instagram and [the pitch has] got to be interesting and catchy,” they said.
Forrestal's team lured Pokémon Go players to a blood center last summer. This year, they've partnered with Whole Foods markets to bring bloodmobiles to the grocery store parking lots.
There are times, however, when donors, including many young people, turn out in droves. Lines stretched for blocks after the Pulse nightclub shooting in Orlando, Forrestal noted. The hard part is when interest subsides after a crisis.
“After 9/11, we had lines around the block at the donor center into the night,” they recalled. “Two thousand people said they intended to donate blood. Maybe 2 percent to 5 percent came back.”
The best hope for averting blood shortages may be donors like Courtney Stokes, 19, of Bellingham, Wash. They organized several drives as a high school student — and donated nearly a gallon of blood during that time.
They reassure friends their age who may be afraid of needles or worried the technician won't be able to find a vein.
“I tell them each donation saves three lives,” they said, quoting blood experts.
But they have another trick up their sleeve: “Honestly, the one thing that I do is tell people there's free food there,” Stokes said. “Cookies, Goldfish [snacks], apple juice. That usually does it.”
KHN's coverage of end-of-life and serious illness issues is supported by The Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation and its coverage related to aging & improving care of older adults is supported by The John A. Hartford Foundation.
KHN's coverage of aging and long-term care issues is supported in part by The SCAN Foundation.
Mahaj Brown expected to recover after being hit with at least 10 bullets on their way home from their grandmother's house in shootout that wounded four people
A six-year-old boy in Philadelphia is in critical condition after being struck in the crossfire of a gun battle that left at least four people injured.
The boy, Mahaj Brown, was hit with at least 10 bullets, but is expected to recover despite wounds to their left leg and chest. Police said more than 50 shell casings have been recovered from what they describe as a “running gun battle”. Multiple buildings and vehicles were also damaged in the incident. It is believed that at least one of the gunmen was wielding an AK-47 assault rifle during the shooting in the city's Germantown neighborhood.
“He was going home to go to bed, from their grandmother's house to their mother's house. And to get caught with assault rifles?” Mahaj's grandmother Delores Melendez told ABC 6 in Philadelphia. Mahaj was in a car with a 32-year-old man that family identified as the boy's godfather when the shots began. The 32-year-old was also struck, treated and released from the hospital.
Melendez said the boy remained conscious through the entire ordeal and said, “I can't believe I was shot. I can't believe I was shot.”
The shooting marks the second time a young child has been seriously injured by stray gunfire in the city just this week. On Tuesday six-year-old Anila Garrick was hit by a bullet as they played in front of their home. Garrick remained at the same children's hospital where Brown was being treated on Friday morning, and doctors said they are recovering rapidly. Although surveillance footage was released by police in the Tuesday shooting, no suspects have been identified in either incident.
The predominantly black neighborhood of Germantown has struggled, not unlike other neighborhoods in the city, to maintain productive relationships between police and residents. This often leads to few criminal leads in cases like this where residents may be hesitant to tip police off to the possible identity of the shooters.
“Speak up and say something,” Melendez said. “People's children are dying for no reason. My grandbaby is up there suffering for what? They did nothing.”
Unlike many large US cities like New York and Washington, which saw large upswings in violent crime during the late 1980s and early 1990s, followed by precipitous drops during the late 90s, Philadelphia's homicide rate has been relatively stable over the past 30 years. The city has seen an average of more than 320 homicides a year over the last decade.
posted by Jooehn
ADVERTISING:
D2CL milestones
Milestone 1 - 25 000 tickets sold:
Milestone 2 - 30 000 tickets sold:
Milestone 3 - 35 000 tickets sold:
when the milestone is reached
Milestone 4 - 45 000 tickets sold:
Achievements
Each frag - $15
Beyond Godlike - $100 (one time only)
Each Triple kill - $50
Each Ultra kill - $100 (TP shall not be counted)
Each Rampage - $300 (TP and UK shall not be counted)
First Blood - $200
Fast Roshan - $200 (Before the creep spawn)
Roshan Kill - $100
Courier Kill - $50
Preserve your throne until the 60-minute mark while trailing the kill score - $X1,5
Destroy the enemy throne in less than 60 minutes while leading the kill score - $X2
Milestone 5 - 50 000 tickets sold:
Like what you read? Click Pudge to purchase a ticket!
Did you like the milestone system that was used prior to the International 3, where purchases of the official compendium led to a bigger prizepool and overall benefit for the community? If so, you'll be glad to hear that Dreamz Media Group company, organizers of the Dota 2 Champions League Season 2 are proud to present their take on this advantageous method.The 5 milestones are set at certain amounts of sold tickets and will in a similar way to TI3, let Dota-fans affect the tournament and increase the prizepool. If you choose to support the DC2L and buy the ticket, you will raise the chances of reaching the following bonuses:The season three qualifiers will be available on Dota TV for all-season two ticket holders. There will be at least 12 Best of 3 matches.- $56 250- $28 125- $16 875- $11 250A $1000, Bo1, one on one mini-championship featuring the four best mid-players will occur. The contestants will be chosen from the league stats, depending on their K\D\A ratio.- $62 500- $31 250- $18 750- $12 500The 3rd milestone will add a $3000 mini-championship, where the current top four teams(top 2 of the groups) face off in Ability Draft mode.- $68 750- $34 375- $20 625- $13 750The [color=gold]Gold Madness Match[/color] is unleashed. One Dream Team from each group, containing one player from each position will be formed. The selections will be made according to the player-stats from previous games, this time around as well. Note that only one player from each team may be chosen to participate.During the 60 minute time limit, the teams will earn money for certain achievements. The game can be finished if it passes the 1 hour mark, but money will not be earned in the extra time. The team that secure the most kills will be crowned as the winner.- $81 250- $40 625- $24 375- $16 250The viewers get to select the location where the Dota 2 Championship League LAN-finals will take place from the following cities:- $87 500- $43 750- $26 250- $17 500
People always seem baffled that the internet has collectively decided that we love Jennifer Lawrence and hate Gwyneth Paltrow, but it's actually pretty easy to understand: Gwyneth Paltrow sells $165 sweat pants and Jennifer Lawrence does stuff like this. Here, they squeal with glee when they run into Jeff Bridges at Comic-Con, projecting outwardly the kind of excitement the rest of us would be feeling inwardly. Kind of what actors are supposed to do.
I'm sorry if it's become a cliché, but watch this and tell me Jennifer Lawrence isn't adorable. I swear to God I almost walked out of Silver Linings Playbook when Jennifer Lawrence propositioned Bradley Cooper and they turned them down. I don't care if they were playing an escaped mental patient, I'd believe Robocop riding a velociraptor around Autobot heaven before I'd accept a guy turning down a night with Jennifer Lawrence. “OH COME ON!”
Jennifer Lawrence: They can make a white guy yell at the screen. (Gif on the next page)
Chattahoochee Valley Pride hosted the grand opening of Columbus' first LGBT community center Saturday, with organizers saying it will be a safe space for the community to come to for support groups, fun events and more.
“The closest LGBT-friendly center is either in Macon or Atlanta,” CV Pride secretary Mark Scruggs tells the GA Voice. “There's nothing local here for the Chattahoochee Valley so we felt there was a need for people that just want to come in and hang out or get support or meet new people, whatever they want. We're going to try to provide a number of different things.”
The center currently has an HIV/AIDS support group that meets every other Wednesday and future plans include a transgender support group, movie nights, game nights and more.
Scruggs says since there are no gay bars or any other LGBT facilities in Columbus, people tended to only get together at house parties or other small get togethers at different houses around town.
“We're trying to get those people away from their cliques and out into the community and bring everyone out there to show people in Columbus just how powerful we can be,” Scruggs says.
Funding for the center is currently all local donation-based, but CV Pride is looking into grants they would be eligible for, so with more funding and more volunteers they would be able to change the hours of the center from a needs basis only which it currently is, to being open seven days a week.
The Chattahoochee Valley Pride Celebration will be held Saturday, September 13 starting at 11 a.m. at Flat Rock Park on Warm Springs Road in Columbus.
psaunders@thegavoice.com | @patricksaunders
STANLEY ALLEN, a self-employed painter and decorator, bought their house in Liverpool's Welsh Streets 18 years ago.  They are still there—but few of their old neighbours are. Most of the redbrick Victorian terraced houses on their street are sealed off with metal grilles across the doors and windows, ready for demolition. “They've destroyed the whole community”, they say, of Liverpool's scheme to regenerate the area by demolishing older houses. “And it used to be lovely.”
The Welsh Streets are one of the more prominent examples of the failure of the previous government's plan to restart the housing market in several depressed cities in the north of England. Tenants were moved out and compulsory purchase orders sent to landlords. A row grew as protesters claimed that the government was subsidising private developers to knock down Britain's industrial heritage. The programme's defenders claimed that replacing old houses with new ones would attract young families to blighted areas, increase house prices and even cut crime.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
But demolition ground to halt when, as part of the coalition government's attempt to close the huge deficit in Britain's public finances, the £5 billion ($8.1 billion) programme was cancelled eight years early. Liverpool council lost £130m earmarked for the scheme. Having won some money from other state funds, it will refurbish 32 of the houses in the Welsh Streets, including the birthplace of Ringo Starr, a Beatle, as well as a few hundred elsewhere in the city. More still are due to be demolished, but that is controversial. On September 19th the High Court ordered a judicial review into the use of “transitional” funding to knock down houses. Similar scenes, without the Beatles tourists, can be seen across the north of England.
After decades of relative economic decline and population loss, the north has a problem unimaginable in most of the south: too much old housing. Partly as a consequence, house prices are sharply lower in the north than in the south, even after accounting for lower average incomes. In Liverpool, the average house costs just £127,000, about a quarter of the average price in London. And the gap is growing. According to figures published on September 18th, while house prices increased by 5.7% in London over the past year, they fell by 1.3% in the North West.
Falling prices compound the problem for councils hoping to regenerate struggling inner-city areas. Banks become reluctant to hand out mortgages, which in turn deters the developers who used to renovate or rebuild crumbling houses. Construction has weakened everywhere since the beginning of the recession, but in northern cities it has collapsed. In Liverpool, net building has fallen by 85% since 2007; in Manchester, it is down by 90%.
Nick Johnson of Urban Splash, a company which redevelops dilapidated housing stock in several northern cities, says speculative investment has become less attractive not just because of the weak mortgage market but also because of cuts to government “gap funding”, which helped reduce risk for developers. Big regeneration projects have simply become unviable. Urban Splash is now focusing on smaller projects and on the rental market, where profits are lower.
Yet several councils are now coming up with innovative ideas of their own. In Stoke-on-Trent, residents can apply to buy houses acquired under the Pathfinder scheme for £1, together with loans of £30,000 to refurbish them. In Manchester, the council is building new homes on land that it owns. It has enlisted the Greater Manchester Pension Fund to pay contractors, with a promise of a share of rent and profits when the homes are sold.
Those sorts of strategies could work in Liverpool too. The new mayor of the city, Joe Anderson, says they want to rebuild or refurbish 5,000 houses by 2016. With the city's population now growing again, reversing decades of decline, the sooner they succeed the better.
The Forum's Jeff Kolpack had a column today that mentioned the locally viral screen grab showing former North Dakota State coach Craig Bohl flashing what appears to be a “horns up” sign after their Wyoming Cowboys beat 13th-ranked Boise State on Saturday.
That's the signal Bison fans — and fans of other sports teams, the Texas Longhorns being the most notable — make with their hand to cheer for their squad.
Kolpack deemed Bohl the King of Laramie, playing off a nickname I gave Bohl back in the day — the King of Fargo. This was back in the good old days, when NDSU's Division I success was still fresh and before some in the athletic department started taking themselves too seriously.
Kolpack also mentioned Bohl being a possible candidate for the job opening at Purdue of the Big Ten. A report by Bill Bender in the Sporting News a couple of weeks ago mentioned Bohl among seven choices to replace Darrell Hazell.
That Bohl could even be in that conversation is semi-remarkable. Until this season, things had not gone well in Laramie for Bohl. After building NDSU into a Football Championship Subdivision powerhouse by winning three straight national titles, Bohl left Fargo for Wyoming in January 2014. Their first two years in charge of the Cowboys ended with 4-8 and 2-10 records.
The belief in Fargo was that Bohl made a mistake going to Wyoming because it is a difficult, if not impossible, place to win. It's been a graveyard for coaches since Joe Tiller parlayed their time in Laramie into the head coaching job at, interestingly enough, Purdue. Tiller's last season at Wyoming was 1996. They were in West Lafayette, Ind., from 1997-2008.
Yes, Bohl was making plenty of money at their new job. But they should've waited until a better came open to leave NDSU. He'll never get to the Big Ten or Big 12 from Laramie. At least that was the conventional thinking.
But with the Cowboys leading their division in the Mountain West Conference with a 4-0 record, 6-2 overall, Bohl's stock is rising quickly. They might get out of Laramie to a bigger-time job after only a few years, after all.
That was Bohl's thinking all along, I've been told.
Bohl explored other head coaching jobs when they were at NDSU, most notably two openings at the University of Minnesota.
They spoke with Minnesota after Glen Mason was fired in late 2006. NDSU was still in its transition phase from NCAA Division II to Division I and Bohl had not yet compiled the impressive resume he'd later have. The Gophers instead hired Tim Brewster.
When Brewster was dismissed after the 2010 season, Bohl again talked with Minnesota. They interviewed twice and believed they had a good chance at getting the job, but it instead went to Jerry Kill.
Kill was a former Southern Illinois coach in FCS who spent three years at Northern Illinois of the Mid-American Conference. Kill's first two seasons were so-so at 6-7 and 7-6, but they struck gold in 2010 by going 8-0 in league play and 10-3 overall. That was enough to convince the Gopher administration to give Kill the job.
It was also enough to convince Bohl that they could not go directly from NDSU to a major-conference job. There would have to be a stop in between. But Bohl, a coaching lifer who was a longtime defensive coordinator at Nebraska, wouldn't take just any job. They told me and other media types in Fargo that they didn't have the need or desire to take any FBS job, just for the sake of taking an FBS job. The MAC, it seemed, didn't interest them at all — unless perhaps it was a job like Northern Illinois that could get them to the next step.
So Bohl waited for a job that would be the right mix of location and possibility of success. That job turned out to be Wyoming, after the Cowboys fired Dave Christensen following the 2013 season.
There was also this, according to people I've talked with: Bohl figured at some point the remarkable run of success they were having at NDSU would end. The Bison couldn't keep winning national titles one after another, could they? At some point there would be a step backward. It's a natural and fair belief. Bohl's stock in Fargo was never going to be higher than after the 2013 season, when the Bison went 15-0 and were considered the best FCS team in history.
So Bohl took the Wyoming job with the idea of winning seven or eight games a year for a few years and then parlaying it into a bigger job.
The wrench in the plan, of course, was that Wyoming's program was much worse off than they figured (which always seems to be the case) and the Cowboys were awful in their first two years. Despite Wyoming's terrible year in 2015, Bohl did get an interview at Iowa State (which was odd, because how did the administration there think it was going to hire a coach who went 2-10 at Wyoming?).
With the Cowboys in the midst of perhaps the best turnaround in college football this year, Bohl will likely be considered for bigger jobs at season's end. They might, indeed, turn a three-year stop in Laramie into a new job.
It would be a richer job, too. Hazell was making $2.2 million a year for the Boilermakers.
That Bohl would perhaps be able to orchestrate an exit from Wyoming with a sizable pay raise would've been unthinkable a year ago. It seemed then that the former Bison coach was going to be another whose head-coaching career came to a screeching halt in Laramie.
Two more mighty empires rise in Civilization V come October 25, when 2K Games releases the once Digital Deluxe-exclusive Babylonians for $4.99 and unleashes the Mongolian hordes for free.
Nebuchadnezzar's Babylonia's were originally released as bonus content for players that purchased the Digital Deluxe edition of Civilization V through Direct2Drive or Steam, but like the Babylonian empire, that exclusive will not last. Come October 25, anyone with the PC version of the game will be able to pick it up for the low price of $4.99.
But wait, there's more!
As a special gift to Civ fanatics, the Mongols Civilization and Scenario Pack is also coming out on the 25, and it's free! Finally we can learn the origin of one of the tastiest dishes on the Chinese food menu, which is good, because I'm so hungry I could eat a goat and wash it down with a frothy glass of kumiss.
Debit cardholders will from December 1, be required to punch in their PIN numbers every time they use the card, a move aimed at minimising frauds. In June, the Reserve Bank had extended the deadline for implementation of mandatory PIN punching at Point-of-Sales (PoS) and merchant outlets till November 30 following a representation from banks.
Gold softens in lacklustre trade
Mumbai: Notwithstanding buoyant global cues, gold prices declined marginally in thin trade at the domestic bullion market on Saturday on reduced off-take from stockists as well as poor local buying interest. Standard gold (99.5 purity) eased by Rs 5 to settle at Rs 30,690 per 10 grams. Silver ready (.999 fineness) fell by Rs 115 to end at Rs 45,600 per kg.
Videocon seeks nod for raising R5,000 cr
New Delhi: Videocon Industries on Saturday said its board has proposed to seek shareholders' approval to raise up to Rs 5,000 crore through issue of shares in domestic as well as international markets, via instruments including qualified institutional placement, American Depository Receipts (ADRs) and foreign currency convertible bonds (FCCBs).
BlackBerry to offer free apps in Dec
New Delhi: BlackBerry has come out with free apps and discounts on some of its most popular apps on BlackBerry World. The offers will roll out throughout the month of December for users of the BB10 operating platform. PTI
ALSO READ Now get up to 75% of gold value as loan
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
2 – Southampton conceded two goals in a single game for the first time this season. Olivier Giroud opened the scoring in the first half for Arsenal with help from Artur Boruc before the French striker sealed the victory late on from the penalty spot.
3 – Tottenham have failed to score in their last three Premier Leagues matches; drawing 0-0 with Everton, losing 1-0 at home to Newcastle and being thrashed 6-0 by Manchester City.
4 – Romelu Lukaku has scored more goals against Liverpool (4) than they have against any other side. The Belgian striker on loan at Everton scored in both games for West Bromwich Albion last season against the Reds and netted a brace as the Toffees drew 3-3 in the Merseyside derby on Saturday.
4 – Sunderland have received 4 red cards in their first 12 games of the Premier League season. However, only Crystal Palace (12) have received fewer yellow cards than the Black Cats (13). Sunderland (2009-10) currently share the record with Queens Park Rangers (2012-13) for receiving the most red cards in a single season (9).
6 – The six goals conceded by Tottenham Hotspur at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday doubled the number of goals André Villas-Boas' side had conceded in their previous 11 matches combined this season.
6 – Marouane Fellaini has failed to win all 6 Premier League games they have started this season. The Belgian midfielder drew all 3 of their starts with Everton and has since drawn 2 and lost 1 when named in David Moyes' starting XI at Manchester United.
26 – Manchester City have scored more goals in their six home Premier League matches this season than any other side has scored in total.
45 – Ryan Giggs has now faced 45 different teams in the Premier League. Cardiff City became the latest on Sunday when the Manchester United legend made a second-half substitute appearance. The Red Devils are the only side to have played Premier League football that Giggs has never faced.
52 – Ryan Giggs has made at least one Premier League appearance at 52 of the 53 stadiums to host a top flight game since the rebranding in 1992. Roker Park is the only stadium to have host a Premier League game that Giggs has not participated in.
94% – 16 of Newcastle's 17 Premier League goals have been scored by French players. Paul Dummett's goal against Liverpool on 19 October is the only time this season a non-French player has scored for the Magpies.
Editor's note: Links to high-resolution images for download appear at the end of this release.
AT RICE UNIVERSITY:
David Ruth
713-348-6327
david@rice.edu
Mike Williams
713-348-6728
mikewilliams@rice.edu
AT BAYLOR COLLEGE OF MEDICINE:
Graciela Gutierrez
713-798-4710
ggutierr@bcm.edu
Tattoo therapy could ease chronic disease
Rice-made nanoparticles tested at Baylor College of Medicine may help control autoimmune diseases
HOUSTON – (Sept. 22, 2016) – A temporary tattoo to help control a chronic disease might someday be possible, according to scientists at Baylor College of Medicine who tested antioxidant nanoparticles created at Rice University.
A proof-of-principle study led by Baylor scientist Christine Beeton published today by Nature's online, open-access journal Scientific Reports shows that nanoparticles modified with polyethylene glycol are conveniently choosy as they are taken up by cells in the immune system.
That could be a plus for patients with autoimmune diseases like multiple sclerosis, one focus of study at the Beeton lab. “Placed just under the skin, the carbon-based particles form a dark spot that fades over about one week as they are slowly released into the circulation,” Beeton said.
T and B lymphocyte cells and macrophages are key components of the immune system. However, in many autoimmune diseases such as multiple sclerosis, T cells are the key players. One suspected cause is that T cells lose their ability to distinguish between invaders and healthy tissue and attack both.
In tests at Baylor, nanoparticles were internalized by T cells, which inhibited their function, but ignored by macrophages. “The ability to selectively inhibit one type of cell over others in the same environment may help doctors gain more control over autoimmune diseases,” Beeton said.
“The majority of current treatments are general, broad-spectrum immunosuppressants,” said Redwan Huq, lead author of the study and a graduate student in the Beeton lab. “They're going to affect all of these cells, but patients are exposed to side effects (ranging) from infections to increased chances of developing cancer. So we get excited when we see something new that could potentially enable selectivity.” Since the macrophages and other splenic immune cells are unaffected, most of a patient's existing immune system remains intact, they said.
The soluble nanoparticles synthesized by the Rice lab of chemist James Tour have shown no signs of acute toxicity in prior rodent studies, Huq said. They combine polyethylene glycol with hydrophilic carbon clusters, hence their name, PEG-HCCs. The carbon clusters are 35 nanometers long, 3 nanometers wide and an atom thick, and bulk up to about 100 nanometers in globular form with the addition of PEG. They have proven to be efficient scavengers of reactive oxygen species called superoxide molecules, which are expressed by cells the immune system uses to kill invading microorganisms.
T cells use superoxide in a signaling step to become activated. PEG-HCCs remove this superoxide from the T cells, preventing their activation without killing the cells.
Beeton became aware of PEG-HCCs during a presentation by former Baylor graduate student Taeko Inoue, a co-author of the new study. “As they talked, I was thinking, ‘That has to work in models of multiple sclerosis,'” Beeton said. “I didn't have a good scientific rationale, but I asked for a small sample of PEG-HCCs to see if they affected immune cells.
“We found they affected the T lymphocytes and not the other splenic immune cells, like the macrophages. It was completely unexpected,” they said.
The Baylor lab's tests on animal models showed that small amounts of PEG-HCCs injected under the skin are slowly taken up by T lymphocytes, where they collect and inhibit the cell's function. They also found the nanoparticles did not remain in T cells and dispersed within days after uptake by the cells.
“That's an issue because you want a drug that's in the system long enough to be effective, but not so long that, if you have a problem, you can't remove it,” Beeton said. “PEG-HCCs can be administered for slow release and don't stay in the system for long. This gives us much better control over the circulating half-life.”
“The more we study the abilities of these nanoparticles, the more surprised we are at how useful they could be for medical applications,” Tour said. The Rice lab has published papers with collaborators at Baylor and elsewhere on using functionalized nanoparticles to deliver cancer drugs to tumors and to quench the overproduction of superoxides after traumatic brain injuries.
Beeton suggested delivering carbon nanoparticles just under the skin rather than into the bloodstream would keep them in the system longer, making them more available for uptake by T cells. And the one drawback – a temporary but visible spot on the skin that looks like a tattoo – could actually be a perk to some.
“We saw it made a black mark when we injected it, and at first we thought that's going to be a real problem if we ever take it into the clinic,” Beeton said. “But we can work around that. We can inject into an area that's hidden, or use micropattern needles and shape it.
“I can see doing this for a child who wants a tattoo and could never get their parents to go along,” they said. “This will be a good way to convince them.”
The research was supported by Baylor College of Medicine, the National Multiple Sclerosis Society, National Institutes of Health, the Dan L. Duncan Cancer Center, John S. Dunn Gulf Coast Consortium for Chemical Genomics and the U.S. Army-funded Traumatic Brain Injury Consortium.
-30-
Read the abstract at www.nature.com/articles/srep33808
Follow Rice News and Media Relations via Twitter @RiceUNews
Related materials:
James Tour Group: http://www.jmtour.com
Christine Beeton Lab: https://www.bcm.edu/research/labs/christine-beeton
Images for download:
http://news.rice.edu/files/2016/09/0922_ANTIOXIDANT-1-WEB-qnb9wm.jpg
Dark spots in the mitochondria of a T lymphocyte cell are antioxidant nanoparticles created at Rice University and tested at Baylor College of Medicine. The nanoparticles are selectively taken up by T lymphocyte cells, which inhibits their activity and may help control symptoms for patients with autoimmune diseases like multiple sclerosis. (Credit: Redwan Huq and Debra Townley/Baylor College of Medicine)
http://news.rice.edu/files/2016/09/0922_ANTIOXIDANT-2-WEB-125ikr9.jpg
Baylor College of Medicine researchers Redwan Huq, left, and Christine Beeton. (Credit: Baylor College of Medicine/Agapito Sánchez Jr.)
http://news.rice.edu/files/2016/09/0922_ANTIOXIDANT-3-web-11fov4e.jpg
Polyethylene glycol-hydrophilic carbon clusters developed at Rice University were shown to be selectively taken up by T cells, which inhibits their function, in tests at Baylor College of Medicine. The researchers said the nanoparticles could lead to new strategies for controlling autoimmune diseases like multiple sclerosis. (Credit: Errol Samuel/Rice University)
Located on a 300-acre forested campus in Houston, Rice University is consistently ranked among the nation's top 20 universities by U.S. News & World Report. Rice has highly respected schools of Architecture, Business, Continuing Studies, Engineering, Humanities, Music, Natural Sciences and Social Sciences and is home to the Baker Institute for Public Policy. With 3,910 undergraduates and 2,809 graduate students, Rice's undergraduate student-to-faculty ratio is 6-to-1. Its residential college system builds close-knit communities and lifelong friendships, just one reason why Rice is ranked No. 1 for happiest students and for lots of race/class interaction by the Princeton Review. Rice is also rated as the best value among private universities by Kiplinger's Personal Finance. To read “What they're saying about Rice,” go to http://tinyurl.com/RiceUniversityoverview.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - The New York Civil Liberties Union filed a lawsuit on Tuesday against the New York Police Department over its surveillance of Muslim communities, accusing the police of trampling on religious freedoms and constitutional guarantees of equality.
The surveillance by the NYPD's intelligence division has extended beyond New York City's five boroughs into neighboring New Jersey and other nearby states. The police department says that surveillance of Muslims is legal under an earlier federal court order.
The lawsuit is the latest skirmish in an ongoing battle between the NYPD and civil liberties advocates over the department's aggressive policing tactics - including its stop-and-frisk practices, which are the subject of a separate federal lawsuit.
The lawsuit, filed in U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York, in Brooklyn, seeks to put an end to the NYPD's surveillance of Muslims, the destruction of all records on individuals created as a result of the program and the appointment of an independent monitor to oversee the department.
“When a police department turns law-abiding people into suspects because they go to a mosque and not a church or a synagogue, it violates our Constitution's guarantees of equality and religious freedom,” said Hina Shamsi, director of the American Civil Liberties Union National Security Project. They called the NYPD monitoring “suspicionless surveillance” and “religious profiling.”
The lawsuit was filed on behalf of Muslim New Yorkers, including Asad Dandia, 20, a college student from Brooklyn who helped found a local Muslim charitable group that they said was infiltrated by an NYPD informant.
NYPD chief spokesperson Paul Browne said on Tuesday all the department's counter-terror tactics were lawful, and would continue.
“Critics who suggest that it is unlawful for the police department to search online, visit public places, or map neighborhoods either haven't read the guidelines or are intentionally obfuscating their meaning,” Browne said. “Those criticisms ... will not deter the NYPD protecting the public from those intent on killing more New Yorkers.”
Police officials and New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg have fiercely defended the department's surveillance program, and polls have shown that New Yorkers overwhelmingly believe the NYPD has been effective in combating terrorism.
The NYPD has beefed up its intelligence-gathering operations since two hijacked planes were crashed into the World Trade Center on September 11, 2001. Those hijackers claimed Islamic principles, though many Muslim leaders condemned the attack, which stands as the deadliest attack on U.S. soil.
POLICE DEFEND PRACTICE
Last year, the NYPD acknowledged that it's Demographics Unit - created in the wake of the September 11 attacks - engages in monitoring of Muslim communities in New York City, as well as the surrounding region, including mosques in Newark, New Jersey. and among Muslim student associations at colleges in Connecticut and Pennsylvania.
The police department has said its surveillance is legal under a federal court order known as the Handschu agreement, which is based on a 1971 case brought against the department by an activist over NYPD surveillance of Vietnam War-era protesters.
The guidelines, formalized in 1985, sharply restricted undercover operations in which police monitored political or religious groups and required that police have “specific information” that a person or group is “engaged in, about to engage in, or has threatened to engage in conduct which constitutes a crime.”
In 2002, the NYPD argued in a federal court affidavit that the guidelines were too restrictive in the post-9/11 era and should be loosened. In an affidavit, the department's NYPD's deputy commissioner for intelligence, David Cohen, said it was critical that the police be able “to conduct investigations into political activity and intelligence-related issues.”
U.S. District Judge Charles Haight Jr. agreed, and the restrictions were loosened.
A series of news reports in 2011 and 2012 detailing the NYPD's monitoring of Muslim mosques, bookstores and restaurants throughout New York City and surrounding areas revived the debate.
To help keep Lake Conroe off the state's list of most dangerous lakes, the Montgomery County District Attorney's Office has joined with local businesses to start a “designated skipper” program.
An outgrowth of the Texas Department of Transportation's Person Appointed to Stay Sober, the Designated Skipper program encourages boating groups to select someone who won't drink while on the water.
Businesses promoting the program include The County Line restaurant, Inland Discount Marine, dd4hire.com and Smart Start, according to a news release from the Montgomery County District Attorney's Office.
The County Line will provide a 10 percent discount to program participants and dd4hire.com will provide a designated skipper or driver for a nominal fee, the release said.
Since Montgomery County instituted a No Refusal program in March 2009, no Boating While Intoxicated fatalities have occurred on Lake Conroe, said Warren Diepraam, vehicular crimes section chief for the Montgomery County District Attorney's Office.
Capt. Ronald Van Der Roest of Texas Parks and Wildlife said the drop in fatal accidents since 2009 on Lake Conroe has taken the popular boating spot off the department's informal list of most dangerous or deadliest lakes.
“It doesn't even come in the top 20 any more,” Van Der Roest said. “I think without a doubt you can attribute the reduction in accidents and deaths on Lake Conroe to the implementation of No Refusal weekends.”
Van Der Roest, who was not in their office, said they couldn't immediately supply names of the lakes that top the list because they are not in their enforcement area.
No Refusal means that if a motorist is suspected of driving or boating while impaired but refuses to provide a breath or blood sample after being arrested, a prosecutor and judge will be available to quickly execute a search warrant for a blood sample.
Law enforcement authorities in Harris, Montgomery and Galveston counties, as well as the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department, are implementing the no-refusal concept for Memorial Day weekend, Diepraam said.
Driving While Intoxicated fatality charges have dropped 70 percent since No Refusal started in Montgomery County in 2009, Diepraam said.
In the same three-year period, DWI cases have dropped about 30 percent, and the breath-test refusal rate has dropped from the statewide average of 45 percent to about 25 percent, said Diepraam, who pioneered the no-refusal concept in 2006 while an assistant district attorney for Harris County.
This weekend, thanks to Texas Department of Transportation funding, prosecutors will be stationed in Conroe and on Lake Conroe to review all DWI and Boating While Intoxicated arrests, Diepraam said.
Judges will be on call in all three counties throughout the weekend, they said.
Asked about opposition to the No Refusal program, Diepraam said the argument they hear most often is that a mandatory blood draw constitutes an intrusion on a person's civil liberties and is unconstitutional.
“Search warrants have been mandated by the Constitution for more than 200 years, so I don't necessarily agree with that argument,” they said. “As for an intrusion on civil liberties, that's why we seek search warrants. They are legal and constitutional law enforcement methods to obtain evidence.”
Fort Bend County is not participating in the No Refusal program this weekend, an employee said.
Follow @christiancarol
On Tuesday, voters in California overwhelmingly approved Proposition 35, which ratcheted up penalties for those convicted of sex crimes, including human trafficking. The proposition included a provision requiring registered sex offenders to disclose to law enforcement all of their Internet connections and online identities.
On Wednesday, two of the 73,900 registered sex offenders in the state who would be affected by the law filed a lawsuit challenging the constitutionality of these provisions. The two plaintiffs argued that forcing them to expose their online identities would violate their First Amendment right to speak anonymously. Their appeal is supported by the American Civil Liberties Union of Northern California and the Electronic Frontier Foundation.
Late on Wednesday, Judge Thelton Henderson granted a temporary restraining order barring the law from going into effect until they had time to consider the plaintiffs' constitutional arguments.
The two plaintiffs filed their lawsuit anonymously. One is a 75-year-old Alameda resident who committed a crime in 1986 that did not involve computers or the Internet. For more than a decade, they "operated two websites that provided sex offenders with information about registration requirements and recovery resources." It "provided an anonymous online forum for sex offenders to discuss their recovery with other sex offenders."
The second plaintiff was convicted of two offenses in 1993—again having nothing to do with the Internet. They "anonymously maintains [a] blog that discusses matters of public concern." They have fled the state to avoid being subject to the Internet-related provisions of Proposition 35.
Both plaintiffs argue that their ability to express themselves candidly online would be undermined if they were compelled to disclose their online identities to law enforcement. They contend that the proposition approved by California voters on Tuesday is "overbroad because it criminalizes constitutionally protected anonymous speech but is not narrowly tailored because it restricts far too much anonymous speech by too many speakers, and allows the information to be used for too many purposes." That, they argue, violates the First Amendment because sex offenders could be prevented from engaging in anonymous online communication "even if it pertains to news, politics, and professional activity, and could not possibly be used to commit a crime."
Additionally, they argue that the law is "impossibly vague" because it leaves it unclear whether it applies to, for example, "connecting to a wireless network at a coffee shop or hotel, renting a car equipped with an Internet-connected navigation system, creating an account on a new service with the same user name as that used on a different service, or buying something from an online retailer that allows customer reviews, such as Amazon.com." The ACLU points out that the First Amendment requires restrictions on speech to be clearly defined.
Most importantly, the plaintiffs contend that the proposition "violates registrants' associational rights by potentially compelling disclosure of their participation in online forums organized by political and other groups and by compelling disclosure of the identity of other registrants with whom they discuss political issues."
"The Court finds that Plaintiffs have raised serious questions about whether the challenged sections of [Proposition 35] violate their First Amendment right to free speech and other constitutional rights," wrote Judge Henderson in their Wednesday order. They put the measure on hold while the plaintiffs and the State of California prepare their arguments about its constitutionality.
France and Saudi Arabia agreed during a meeting in Paris that the Hezbollah-backed Syrian troops, which defeated the rebels in the strategic town of Qusayr, should not be allowed to repeat the same scenario in province of Aleppo, Al Arabiya correspondent reported Tuesday.
The two countries expressed their stance after Saudi foreign minister, Prince Saud al-Faisal, and the kingdom's intelligence head, Prince Bandar bin Sultan, met with French officials.
While both countries established the need for international measures to help stave off a repeat of the Qusayr battle, France said an international consensus is required before any military operation can take place.
After their talks, France noted that the Syrian conflict reached a “turning point” after the Syrian regime declared victory against opposition fighters in Qusayr.
France's Foreign Ministry spokesperson, Philippe Lalliot said weakening the rebels will make it more difficult to bring them to the negotiating table with representatives from Assad's government, according to Reuters.
Russia and the United States plan to hold the ‘Geneva 2' conference, which could take place from June 15-16. It will bring Syrian regime and opposition officials together for dialogue.
“With the fall of Qusayr, we are seeing a dramatic development,” Reuters reported them as saying.
“It's even more worrying given that Aleppo is being announced as the next target of the regime and its allies ... We are at a turning point in the Syrian war.”
Opposition media on Tuesday reported clashes between the Free Syrian Army and Syrian regime troops backed by Hezbollah in Aleppo. Fighters from Hezbollah -- supported by Iran -- publicly led a 17-day assault on Qusayr.
Soon after the fall of Qusayr, George Sabra acting head of the opposition main group, Syrian National Council, sounded the alarm over what they described as the “Iranian invasion” on Syria.
Sabra urged the Arab League and West to act and get rid Syria of the “invaders.” The Syrian regime has received backing from Hezbollah as well as Iran.
“There are consequences to be drawn from what happened in Qusayr and what's happening in Aleppo. The first consequence is to strengthen the ties with the coalition, and the question we're asked is whether to go one step further and deliver weapons,” Lalliot said.
The lifting of a European Union embargo on arms deliveries to Syria, and rapid changes on the battlefield, meant that “talks and thinking” were now needed on the issue, they added.
“We cannot leave the opposition in the situation in which it finds itself.”
Having an international consensus to agree on a military solution has long been hard with some observers calling it almost “impossible.” Both China and Russia have vetoed off UN Security Council resolutions deemed as against the Syrian government.
While President Vladimir Putin signaled some change on Tuesday regarding Russia stance on Syria, they also expressed suspicion of Western countries trying to promote democracy in the region.
Putin said that Assad could have avoided the conflict in Syria by implementing reforms demanded by their people. “The country was ripe for serious changes, and the leadership should've felt that in time and started making changes. Then what's happening wouldn't have happened,” Putin told English-language state TV Russia Today.
However, they also blamed “certain people from outside” – in reference to the Western countries –who “think that if you shape the whole region under the same style, which some people like and some call democracy, then there will be peace and order. That isn't so at all.”
Russia was not acting as an advocate for Assad, they added.
Moscow has constantly criticized the West for showing support to the opposition and fears it will start aiding the Syrian rebels with lethal weapons.
On Monday, a US official told Reuters on condition of anonymity that the White House is considering arming the Syrian rebels and a decision will materialize this week.
Last Update: Wednesday, 12 June 2013 KSA 23:07 - GMT 20:07
The presidential tickets in this election on both sides of the aisle have lots of "personality;" some of the candidates have even been referred to as "rock stars." John McCain's campaign manager Rick Davis has said that "this election is not about issues, this election is about a composite view of what people take away from these candidates." That has been widely interpreted as a prediction that the election will be about personalities more than about issues. That would be a tragedy. And some on the Obama side were perhaps hoping that their candidate's charisma and popularity would be enough. But those qualities won't be enough and shouldn't be. Here are ten reasons why.
The economy is in grave danger. Over the weekend, two more of the nation's top investment banking firms have gone down. Lehman Brothers declared bankruptcy, and Merrill Lynch was sold to Bank of America. With the earlier demise of Bear Stearns, that's three out of the nation's top five investment banks who have not been able to weather the financial storms triggered by the subprime lending crisis. Analysts this morning say this is either the beginning of the end of the crisis or the beginning of the end. The stock market looks like it fears the second outcome. Ordinary Americans are worried about college and retirement funds and, much worse -- a downward economic spiral that affects most all of us. We need more than personalities here. "Poverty is now our next door neighbor." That's what a hospital administrator said to me during my annual physical last week. With foreclosures, declining housing equity and opportunity, job losses, stagnant wages, and lack of affordable healthcare, more and more people are being affected. And, of course, those at the bottom are in the worse shape of all. Globally, the progress we were making on international poverty has been seriously set back because of food and fuel prices. Untold numbers of people are facing starvation. There continue to be about 1.3 million abortions a year. Partisan shouting on both sides during election seasons has prevented our finding solutions that result in real abortion reduction. A broken immigration system is resulting in more and more raids on workplaces, breaking up thousands of families. How can we create reforms that are compassionate and just along with protecting our borders? Global warming is shrinking the polar ice cap at an unprecedented rate, more plant and animal species are endangered, and weather patterns are becoming erratic and more dangerous. How can we stop and reverse climate change? The war in Afghanistan has gone on for seven years now, yet the situation on the ground is getting worse by most accounts. The war in Iraq has gone on for more than five. Some claim progress and others say the underlying issues remain unresolved. Both those who want "victory" and those who say we should "end" the war must show their plans for success. There are other wars now threatening in places like Iran and Syria. How many more wars can we fight at one time? The military is severely strained, especially service men and women and their families. And those veterans who come home needing so many things are not getting them. We are no closer to a solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, still a critical factor in Middle East conflicts. The conduct of the United States' war on terrorism has taken a great toll on America's standing in the world. The use of torture, the abuse at Abu Ghraib, the treatment of detainees at Guantanamo and secret prisons around the world have all taken their moral toll. There needs to be a plan to repair the nation's moral stature. The great danger of nuclear proliferation continues unabated. And even the pleas of national security wise men, from both sides of the aisle, have not been heeded.
And because each of you has other crises you think should be added (I can think of another ten easily), it becomes more and more clear that voting on personalities this election would be irresponsible. It's time to focus on the issues, the records of the candidates, and their plans for solving the massive problems that we face. That will be the subject of my blog posts between here and the election -- and what a more "prophetic" than "partisan" Christian witness might be. Stay tuned.
Jim Wallis is the author of The Great Awakening, Editor-in-Chief of Sojourners and blogs at www.godspolitics.com.
Click here to get e-mail updates from Jim Wallis
PHOENIX (Reuters) - A 36-year-old Japanese tourist has died from apparent heat-related complications while hiking at Grand Canyon National Park amid scorching temperatures, a park official said on Friday.
The man, whose name was not immediately released, died after trying to make their way back out from the bottom of the canyon along the popular Bright Angel Trail with a small group on Thursday, said park spokesperson Emily Davis.
Temperatures on the trail at the time exceeded 110 degrees Fahrenheit (43 Celsius), and an excessive heat warning had been issued by the National Weather Service, Davis said.
Authorities said a park ranger was called to the scene at about 3:45 p.m. on Thursday by members of the hiking group who told the ranger the man needed help. By the time helped arrived, the man had had no pulse for two hours and efforts to resuscitate them were unsuccessful.
Davis said the man was found at a spot known as the Devil's Corkscrew, the first switch-back they would have encountered on their way out of the crimson-hued gorge.
The incident is the fifth confirmed fatality at the park this year.
On May 26, an 82-year-old California man died from unknown causes after they fell unconscious outside the visitor center at the park's South Rim.
The canyon is one of the world's most frequented outdoor tourist venues, attracting more than 4.7 million visitors in 2014.
(Reporting by David Schwartz; Editing by Daniel Wallis and Sandra Maler)
The co-owner of a U.S. defense contractor that specializes in Information Operations admitted on Thursday to trying to discredit two USA Today journalists with an online smear campaign.
“I take full responsibility for having some of the discussion forums opened and reproducing their previously published USA TODAY articles on them,” Camille Chidiac, the minority owner of Leonie Industries and its former president, said in a statement.
“I recognize and deeply regret that my actions have caused concerns for Leonie and the U.S. military. This was never my intention. As an immediate corrective action, I am in the process of completely divesting my remaining minority ownership from Leonie.”
Tom Vanden Brook and Ray Locker reported in February on “dubious, costly” propaganda campaigns carried out by contractors in Iraq and Afghanistan. The reporters noted that Leonie Industries was awarded a contract from the Department of Defense, even though the company's owners owed at least $4 million in federal taxes.
Leonie Industries is a relatively small company that specializes in cyber operations, intelligence analysis, psychological operations, and counter-IED explosives operations. The company said that due to the owner's financial troubles, they were unable to fulfill their “personal tax obligations on time,” but have since been “faithfully paying their tax liabilities through installment plans.”
After reporting on the company, the two journalists were targeted by a online disinformation campaign apparently meant to destroy their reputation. Fake Twitter and Facebook accounts were created in their name, along with websites that purported to be owned and operated by them. Comments quickly sprung up on message boards, Yahoo! answers, Wikipedia, and blogs criticizing the two reporters' investigation of Leonie Industries. Some comments even suggested the two journalists worked for the Taliban.
Leonie Industries said no federal contract funds were used in the smear campaign and that Chidiac acted alone. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta “has directed the department to review this matter and to take appropriate action,” according to a Pentagon spokesperson.
“I am glad to see that we now know who was responsible for these false attacks on Tom Vanden Brook, Ray Locker and USA Today,” Susan Weiss, executive editor of USA Today, said. “We stand behind our reporters and our stories.”
[Image via AFP]
It has taken me a long time to realize something has been missing from my katas. It's not that I haven't learned the correct moves or that I am doing the moves wrong, instead, I have been doing the movements in the kata without purpose.
Does that kata look different?
Have you ever watched two people doing the same kata and even thoguh the moves are the same, the kata looks different? You may have seen one person doing the moves and the other person living in the fight. The person with purpose, isn't thinking about the next move, instead they are immersed in the current move and they do not move on to the next move until their imaginary opponent is no longer a threat.
I have always believed that you could teach a gymnast or another elite level athlete all the moves from a kata and they could make it look good but it would be missing something. It's like calling a pot of hot water soup but if it doesn't have flavor, is it really soup?
I do not want to try to explain the bunkai or application of each move from every kata because it is well beyond the scope of this article but I would like to try and share the concept. Each move in a kata has a purpose. This purpose can be a block, a strike, a throw or just getting out of the way depending upon the technique but each move has a meaning.
Lets look at some examples
When doing Heian Shodan, it's easy to just do the moves but if you don't understand what you are doing in each move, it is hard to have purpose. The first move is a downward block to the left where someone is kicking at your lower body. If you just do the move, without using your muscles correctly, your block will not be very effective and it will show. You often see this with new white belts who are just learning the kata. They think very hard before each move, try to put their body in the proper position and place their hands and feet in what they think is the correct place. As soon as they have done that, they are already thinking about the next move, hoping that they remember it.
Now, if you do the same move but picture in your mind someone trying to kick you, you will mentally react to the attack. You will move faster, commit to your block, make sure that blocking hand placement is correct and actually look as if you are in the fight and you won't worry about the next move until you are sure you are safe to move on.
Even though I have been a volunteer Karate instructor for many years now, only about a year ago did I start explaining what type of attack the students that I work with are defending when I help them with their katas. This has greatly improved their katas and has helped them be more engaged in the class because they now ask questions about the moves they are doing.
This has been a huge learning experience for both them and me. I now have many different students, even beginners, who have an understanding of moves instead of just doing the moves. This not only helps with the higher ranked students, this also helps with beginners who can associate the application of the technique with the movements. You can see the students eyes light up when you explain what the move is doing and it immediately shows when they do the kata. This also allows them to think on their own and many students often tell me what they think the attack is that they are defending.
If you share these katas with others, tell them what the moves are doing
I really feel that somewhere along the line, many of us lose sight of what the katas are meant to do and as instructors we bark out numbers and moves without telling our students what they are actually doing. With that said, do your kata as if you are in the fight and see how it feels.
Leave a comment below and let me know what you think.
UPDATED: The studio reaches a deal with Paramount Pictures to take over distribution duties for future films, while Paramount retains rights to the first four.
Disney and Paramount have reached an agreement for the future of the Indiana Jones franchise, giving Disney control over all future films.
Paramount retains rights to the first four films and "will receive a financial participation on any future films that are produced and released," says the statement from the studios.
PHOTOS: '80s Action Stars: Where Are They Now?
The first four adventure films in the Harrison Ford-starring franchise -- 1981's Raiders of the Lost Ark, 1984's Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, 1989's Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade and 2008's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull -- were all directed by Steven Spielberg and distributed by Paramount.
The deal paves the way for a new installment in the franchise, although no official news about a fifth film being in the works has been announced. While doing press for other films, Ford has mentioned that he'd be open to the idea of returning to the character, but of course reboots and prequels with new actors could also be an option.
The last film in the franchise, The Crystal Skull, grossed $786.6 million at the worldwide box office.
The Walt Disney Co. completed its $4.06 billion acquisition of Lucasfilm, the moviemaking company founded by George Lucas, in December 2012 for a cash payment of $2.21 billion and just under 37.1 million Disney shares.
When the acquisition was first announced in October 2012, Disney revealed its plans to commission a new Star Wars movie to be released in 2015. J.J. Abrams has since signed on to direct Star Wars: Episode VII, currently slated for release on Dec. 18, 2015.
Email: Rebecca.Ford@THR.com
Twitter: @Beccamford
Google's workplace tools, called G Suite, is splitting its Hangouts app into two parts — Hangouts Meet for video chat, and Hangouts Chat — which looks a lot like Slack.
Google announced the news Thursday at the Next conference in San Francisco.
Hangout Chat is part of Google's newest push to sell its office tools to big businesses as part of its bigger aim to take on Microsoft Office. Verizon recently switched from Office to G Suite.
And the update to Hangout Chat appears to be designed to compete with Slack. The feature will be available to G Suite customers who apply for access. The new app allows users to create virtual rooms (much like on Slack) where they can hold group conversations, and to break conversations off into threads.
Chat also includes a new bot for automatically scheduling meetings: When called up, @meet will compare Google Calendar schedules of chat participants to automatically pick an open time.
Meet lets up tp 30 people join a meeting by clicking a shared link or dialing in by phone. Video meetings in the previous Hangouts app would support only up to 10 participants. Meet also allows users to pull files from G Suite to present them in the app. The tool is slated for rollout to G Suite customers in coming weeks.
Meet is also integrated with what Google calls a digital whiteboard, called Jamboard, which allows for easier collaboration by allowing participants using Meet to view Jamboard displays remotely.
Since a lot of medium and small sized companies already use Slack, email, Google Docs and some form of video conferencing, the new video and chat features may entice possible G Suite customers to pay up for the service.
But Google says that Chat and Meet are not meant to challenge Slack, according to Prabhakar Raghavan, the head of apps engineering said. Slack, they pointed out, already integrates with Google Drive.
“We don't intend to take away from that” they said during a panel discussion at the conference. “We don't intend to take away from our users.”
Google also announced a new feature for Google Drive that helps companies to automatically delete certain documents after a set period of time to help a company streamline processes to adhere to compliance regulations.
Lastly, the company announced it had acquired AppBridge, a startup helps companies migrate content to G Suite.
Correction: Meet allows up to 30 participants in a call. A previous version of the story stated it allowed more than 30 participants.
Are you a Clan Wars player curious about Operation Safari? As we prepare this new Global Map event, we'd like to share with you its rules and regulations.
1. General Regulations of Operation Safari
1.1. The Operation Safari game event will take place from October 14, 10:00 UTC to October 24, 10:00 UTC on the Global Map.
1.2. All Clans can participate in the event even if they are created after the event has begun.
1.3. The settings for the Operation Safari front are as follows:
All battles will be in tier VIII tanks
Battle format is 10 vs 10
Battle duration is 15 minutes
"Fog of War" is enabled
During the event, all provinces are landing provinces
The number of participants in landing tournaments is 64
The opportunity to participate in landing tournaments is enabled, even if you have provinces on the Global Map
Tank Locking is disabled
Division modules are disabled
All province income is set to 600 per day
per day Province upgrading on the event front is disabled
2. Special Rules
The Operation Safari event will take place based on each Clan receiving quests, which may be personalized for each Clan. Current quest information, progress, and awards will be available on the Global Map interface.
For the event, a special front, Safari, will be available -- an autonomous territorial unit with its own primetime: 23:00 GMT -- 03:00 GMT. It is inclusive and has 200 provinces.
2.1. Landings
2.1.1 When the map is opened, Clans will select a reference primetime where it will operate. The reference primetime can be selected by the Commander, Deputy Commander, Personnel Officer, and Combat Officer, and only at the start of the first quest.
2.1.2. After the primetime is selected, a Clan will be sent to the front in their selected primetime, and will be randomly assigned a landing province, which will be the first task "Landing."
2.1.3. Once a reference primetime is confirmed by an authorized Clan officer, the Clan is considered to have started the task. The "Landing" task is time-limited and lasts until the end of the nearest primetime. If a Clan receives a Landing Task less than 1 turn before prime-time or during the target province's prime-time, the Landing Task may only be completed on the next day.
2.1.4. If a Clan has not chosen a reference primetime and successfully lands on one of the event front's provinces, the primetime of the province will be considered as the Clan's reference primetime. The Clan will be able to change the reference primetime later (2.1.8).
2.1.5. The "Landing" task is considered completed if a Clan wins the landing tournament and captures a province. Placing Headquarters is not required to capture a province.
2.1.6. The "Landing" task will be considered as failed if the Clan has not captured the target province after primetime ends.
2.1.7. If a Clan fails the "Landing" task, a new task of the first stage will be given after the end of the first primetime on the target province.
2.1.8. A Clan can change its reference primetime if it has no active "Capture" or "Defense" task.
2.1.9. To complete a "Landing" task, a Clan must meet the requirements mentioned in the "Landing on the Map: Tournaments" section of the Global Map guide.
2.2. Capture / Defense
2.2.1. If a Clan completes the "Landing" task and captures their target province on the map, it will get the next task -- "Capture"- capture a target province, which will be selected randomly from the landing province's neighboring provinces. The target province for this quest can be assigned within one hour of the reference primetime. If all neighboring provinces are owned by the Clan, the next stage's target province will be randomly chosen from another province in the same reference primetime. The province will be considered captured after ownership is given to the attacking Clan. Placing Headquarters is not required to capture the province. For "Capture" tasks, Clans have until the end of the nearest primetime to complete it.
2.2.2. The quest is considered failed if the Clan doesn't capture their target province before the end of the nearest primetime.
2.2.3. If a "Capture" task is failed, the Clan is immediately issued with a new "Landing" quest.
2.2.3. A "Capture" task will run simultaneously with a "Defense" task -- protect the province selected by quest conditions.
2.2.4. The "Defense" task is considered as failed if, at the end of the nearest primetime, the target province does not belong to the Clan.
2.2.5. Each stage of "Capture" tasks increases the rewards received by the Clan for "Capture" and "Defense." If a "Capture" task is failed, the progress is reset and returns to its original value.
2.2.6. The "Defense" tasks progress depends on the "Capture" tasks progress. The reward for completing "Defense" tasks will increase only if "Capture" tasks are completed.
2.2.7. If a Clan has an active "Defense" task, but the Clan was knocked off the map, the "Defense" task may still be completed if the target province is captured in a landing tournament before the task expires.
2.3. Additional Missions
2.3.1. Clan Fame Points can be earned not only by completing main quests but by preventing other Clans from completing their own tasks.
2.3.2. If a Clan captures a province that is the target province of another Clan's tasks (or multiple Clans), the interfering Clan gets 10% of the Clan Fame Points for the other Clan's "Capture" or "Defense" task chain in the battle for the target province.
2.3.3. Information on the potential reward for each province will be available on the Global Map interface.
For example, if a Clan interferes in the progress of two Clans, the reward will be added together and will be 10% of the Clan Fame Points, which is earned from both opponent Clans.
3. Fame Points
3.1. Clan Fame Points
A Clan will earn Fame Points by completing event tasks and participating in regular battles according to the following conditions:
3.1.1. "Landing" tasks: 500 Fame Points
3.1.2. The number of Fame Points for performing "Capture" and "Defense" tasks is calculated based on the stage of "Capture" task -- the number of successfully completed tasks in a row.
Stage Capture Defense 0 1000 500 1 1500 750 2 2000 1000 3 2500 1200 4 3000 1500 5 3500 1700 6 4000 2000 7 4500 2200 8 5000 2500
3.1.3. At the end of each battle, Clan Fame Points will be awarded in an amount equal to one Clan player, who participated in the battle.
3.2. Personal Fame Points
3.2.1. Personal Fame Points will be awarded according to the following formula:
Fame_Points: Fame Points
Fame_Points_base: Current event Fame Points coefficient -- 500
Battle_Type_c: Battle type coefficient
Event_Value_c: Game event coefficient: 1
Еlo_c: Elo rating coefficient; Elo rating corresponds to the current ELO rating on the Tier VIII Front
Team_XP: Amount of Experience a team earns in battle
Battle_XP: Common amount of Experience both teams earn in battle
Team_Size: 10 by default
3.3. Boosting coefficients
All multiplying coefficients during the events are shown in the table below. The total number of Fame Points are calculated after applying all the coefficients.
Battle Type Coefficient Challengers tournament 1 Battle against province owner 5
Elo rating coefficient
Elo Rating of Enemy Clan Elo_c < = 1000 1.0 1001-1200 1.1 1201-1400 1.2 1400 -1600 1.3 1601-1800 1.4 1801-2000 1.5
4. Penalty System
4.1. In Operation Safari, a penalty system will be active and introduced to battle absentees. The system operates automatically and reacts to the information at the end of each battle.
4.2. If a Clan with a Division on a province enters a battle and the team consists of less than 8 players, penalties will be applied to the Clan.
4.3. The penalty system will be progressive -- the more violations a Clan has, then the harsher the penalties.
4.4. A Clan's first three violations will result in a warning notification. After three warnings, penalties will be applied to the Clan for each subsequent violation.
4.5. The system is configured to select the level of punishment on the basis of information about violations in the last seven days.
4.6. The list of penalties for rule violations is below (becomes active after three warnings):
Number of Absent Battles in Last 7 Days
Penalties 1 Warning notification to Clan 2 10% total Clan Fame Point fine 10% Clan Influence point fine 3 10% total Clan Fame Point fine 20% Clan Influence point fine 50% fewer landing tournaments applications fine on event front 4 or more 10% total Clan Fame Point fine 30% Clan Influence point fine 100% fewer landing tournaments applications fine on event front
4.7. Penalty system example: If a Clan had a first offense 4 days ago and today had another, the system evaluates the amount of violations in the past 7 days, and will apply to the Clan sanctions referred to in row 2 of the table above.
4.8. If neither Clan shows up for a battle, the system will count an offense to both Clans.
Fake battles are considered rule violations and will be punished with full Clan and personal Fame Points penalties and game account suspension. In disputes of crediting Fame Points (suspected "false" battles, etc.), administrators reserve the right to request a battle replay, screenshots and other information relating to the situation. If the requested information is not provided, the administration reserves the right to impose sanctions on potential offenders. We strongly recommend that you enable "record battles" in your game settings.
5. Awards and Medals
The main prizes of Operation Safari will be 500 French tier VIII FCM 50t tanks and 1,800 US tier VII T23E3 tanks, which will be awarded in accordance with the conditions below:
Tanks According to Clan Licenses Tanks by Personal Fame Points Total No. of Tanks FCM 50t T23E3 T23E3 FCM 50t T23E3 500 1,000 800 500 1,800
Clan Ranking
5.1.1. The top Clans at the end of the event will be awarded licenses to the T23E3 and FCM 50t tanks. Tank licenses will be distributed depending on the position in the overall Clan rank:
Clan Rank Tank Amount of Licenses Number of Tanks 1-5 FCM 50t 100 500 6-15 T23E3 100 1,000
5.1.2. A Clan license will credit only one tank for a player.
5.1.3. The prize tank for Clan licenses will be credited to all players of the Clan who played at least five battles on the event Front in this Clan during the event.
5.1.4. Uncredited tanks by Clan licenses will be distributed among players in personal standings according to the wildcard system.
5.1.5. Clans who scored the same amount of Clan Fame Points will receive the same number of licenses. These Clan licenses will be credited to the same amount of players as mentioned in point 5.1.3 of the Regulations.
Personal Ranking
5.1.6. Tanks for personal rankings will be distributed among players who took the highest place in the Hall of Fame.
5.1.7. Tank distribution for personal rankings will be made only after crediting Clan licenses and wildcard tanks.
If a player, under the terms of Regulations, is credited the tank, but already owns the tank, they will receive the appropriate compensation in Gold:
FCM 50t -- 11,900
T23E3 -- 7,000
Operation Safari Medals
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Theresa May says a heightened security presence will remain at public events
The UK terrorism threat level has been reduced from critical to severe, Prime Minister Theresa May has said.
The change indicates an attack is highly likely, not imminently expected.
Soldiers deployed to support the police will be stood down on Monday night, at the close of the bank holiday weekend.
Earlier on Saturday, police evacuated an area of Moss Side in the city, in a search linked to Monday's bomb attack at the Manchester Arena which killed 22 people and left scores injured.
The evacuation was described by Greater Manchester Police as a precautionary measure to "ensure everyone's safety".
Mrs May made the announcement after leading a meeting of the government's emergency committee Cobra on Saturday morning.
They said significant activity by the police during the last 24 hours had led to the threat being reduced.
It had been set at critical in the aftermath of the bombing.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The Met Police say there has been "rapid progress" in their investigation
There will be "more arrests and more searches" linked to the Manchester attack, the UK's most senior counter-terror officer Mark Rowley said following Mrs May's announcement.
"We are getting a greater understanding of the preparation of the bomb," they said. "There is still much more to do."
Greater Manchester Police said the change in threat level had not altered its response to Monday's attack.
Chief Constable Ian Hopkins said: "The level of resources we have available to us remains the same as we continue to take positive action."
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Bomb disposal van parked in Moss Side
Detectives are questioning 11 men about the attack following a series of raids.
In the latest arrests, police held two men, aged 20 and 22, after carrying out a controlled explosion at an address in the Cheetham Hill area of Manchester early on Saturday.
There were also searches at a separate property in Cheetham Hill and in the Longsight area.
Armed police are guarding hundreds of events across the UK at the start of the bank holiday weekend.
Police reviewed security at more than 1,300 events across the country, and say people can be "100% confident" they are doing everything possible to protect them.
Senior officers have encouraged people to go out but to remain vigilant.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Old Trafford cricket ground is one of the large venues with increased security this weekend
Security has been increased at Wembley for the FA Cup Final, Hampden Park for the Scottish Cup Final, Twickenham for the Aviva Premiership Rugby Final, and for the Great Manchester Run on Sunday.
Hundreds of police are on duty at Lancashire Cricket Club's Old Trafford ground, which is hosting 50,000 music fans on Saturday evening.
The concert, headlined by Manchester-based band The Courteeners, is the first major music event in the city since the bombing.
Among the entertainment, sporting and community events taking place is Radio 1's Big Weekend in Hull.
Music briefly stopped on all three stages at 15:00 BST on Saturday as a minute's silence was held at the event in East Yorkshire in honour of those killed and injured in the Manchester attack.
Minute silences have also been held at sporting events including football's Scottish Cup final and rugby union's Premiership final.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Hampden Park was one of the sporting venues to pay their respects to the Manchester victims
Seven children were among those who died when Salman Abedi, 22, detonated a bomb at the Manchester Arena on Monday night, at the end of a concert by US singer Ariana Grande.
NHS England said 116 people had received inpatient care, with 63 still in hospital - including 20 in critical care.
Study Finds Cause of Mysterious Food Allergy, Suggests New Treatment Strategy
New research in Nature Genetics identifies a novel genetic and molecular pathway in the esophagus that causes eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE), opening up potential new therapeutic strategies for an enigmatic and hard-to-treat food allergy.
EoE is a chronic inflammatory disorder of the esophagus. The condition is triggered by allergic hypersensitivity to certain foods and an over-accumulation in the esophagus of white blood cells called eosinophils (part of the body's immune system). EoE can cause a variety of gastrointestinal complaints including reflux-like symptoms, vomiting, difficulty swallowing, tissue scarring, fibrosis, the formation of strictures and other medical complications.
Reporting their results online, the multi-institutional team of researchers was led by scientists at Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center. The authors identified a molecular pathway specific to epithelial tissue in the esophagus involving a gene called CAPN14, which they found becomes dramatically up-regulated in the disease process.
Epithelial cells help form the membrane of the esophagus. The scientists report that when these cells were exposed to a well-known molecular activator of EoE – an immune hormone called Interleukin 13 (IL-13) – it caused dramatic up-regulation of CAPN14. The researchers said this happened in what they described as an epigenetic hotspot for EoE on the cells' chromosomes.
CAPN14 encodes an enzyme in the esophagus that is part of the disease process called calpain14, according to Marc E. Rothenberg, MD, senior investigator on the study and director of the Center for Eosinophilic Disorders at Cincinnati Children's. Because calpain14 can be targeted and inhibited by drugs, the study opens up new therapeutic strategies for researchers.
“In a nutshell, we have used cutting edge genomic analysis of patient DNA as well as gene and protein analysis to explain why people develop EoE,” Rothenberg explained. “This is a major breakthrough for this condition and gives us a new way to develop therapeutic strategies by modifying the expression of calpain14 and its activity. Our results are immediately applicable to EoE and have broad implications for understanding eosinophilic disorders as well as allergies in general.”
The study follows years of research into EoE by Rothenberg's laboratory, including the development of novel modeling systems for the disease, and extensive multi-institutional collaboration through the National Institutes of Health's Consortium of Food Allergy Researchers. Other key collaborators on the current study include first author Leah Kottyan, PhD, a researcher at the Center for Autoimmune Genomic Etiology at Cincinnati Children's, and co-senior investigator John Harley, MD, PhD, director of the Center of Autoimmune Genomic Etiology.
Rothenberg's lab years ago identified IL-13 as a key molecular contributor to the allergic reaction process in EoE. Their team has since identified a number of related genes and molecular pathways linked to the disease, and they have tested drugs that inhibit IL-13 in an attempt to manage EoE severity.
“The current study links allergic responses mediated through IL-13 with an esophageal specific pathway, and answers a long-standing question in the allergy field of why people develop tissue specific disease manifestations,” Rothenberg explained. “We have uncovered that this can be explained by the interplay of genetic susceptibility elements in allergic sensitization pathways with the newly discovered esophageal specific pathway. Thus, two steps are necessary, one dictated by allergy and one dictated by calpain14 in the esophagus.”
The researchers used computer bioinformatics to conduct a genome-wide association study that analyzed 2.5 million genetic variants in thousands of individuals with and without EoE. This allowed the authors to identify the genetic susceptibility within the CAPN14 gene. The investigators were surprised to learn that CAPN14 was specifically expressed in the esophagus, compared with 130 other tissues in the body they analyzed.
Rothenberg said the findings open a new way to consider therapeutic options because calpain14 is an enzyme that can be inhibited by drugs, which means it may be possible to modify the expression and activity of calpain14. Some chemical compounds already exist that block the activity of calpains, although the researchers do not yet know the exact function of calpain14, as very little has been published about it.
Funding support for the study came in part from the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Disease, the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases, the National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute, the National Human Genome Research Institute, the National Center for Research Resources (grant numbers U19 AI066738, U01 HG006828, U01 HG006828-S1, U01 HG006828-S2, U01 AI066560, R37 AI024717, P01AI083194, T32 HL7752-19, K23 AI099083, P01 AR049084, TR001082, UL1 TR-000067, UL1 TR-000039, UL1 TR-00083, UL1 TR-000424), the Department of Veterans Affairs (IMMA 9) and the Department of Defense (PR094002).
Additional support came from the Campaign Urging Research for Eosinophilic Diseases (CURED), the Buckeye Foundation, the Food Allergy Research Education (FARE) foundation and the Foundation of the American College of Allergy, Asthma, and Immunology.
Other NIH Consortium of Food Allergy Researchers institution collaborating on the study included: the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York; Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, Baltimore; University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences and Arkansas Children's Hospital, Little Rock, Ark.; the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, N.C. and National Jewish Health in Denver, Col.
About Cincinnati Children's
Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center ranks third in the nation among all Honor Roll hospitals in U.S.News & World Report's 2014 Best Children's Hospitals. It is also ranked in the top 10 for all 10 pediatric specialties. Cincinnati Children's, a non-profit organization, is one of the top three recipients of pediatric research grants from the National Institutes of Health, and a research and teaching affiliate of the University of Cincinnati College of Medicine. The medical center is internationally recognized for improving child health and transforming delivery of care through fully integrated, globally recognized research, education and innovation. Additional information can be found at www.cincinnatichildrens.org. Connect on the Cincinnati Children's blog, via Facebook and on Twitter.
Senator Rand Paul (R-KY) argued that the “abomination” omnibus bill was “a chance to see if electing Republicans made a difference” on Tuesday's “Laura Ingraham Show.”
“I'll vote no to any kind of 2,000-page bill that I'm given at the last minute that we don't have time to read, it's an abomination, nobody should support a Congress that stuffs all the spending into one bill, nobody reads it, there are no reforms, no amendments, and it really is probably why Congress has about a 10% approval rate because this is not doing our job” they declared.
Paul added that when the GOP takes the majority it should pass separate appropriations bills, and “this will be a chance to see if electing Republicans made a difference in January and for the next nine or ten months. If Republicans actually do their job and pass every appropriation bill then I think the American people will stand up, applaud and elect more Republicans.”
On the issue of President Obama's executive action on immigration, Paul stated that Obama's use of Congressional gridlock to justify the order “appalls me.” They also said “I won't vote for this spending bill if it includes money for the executive amnesty. In January, when we have the power, I will also insist that we do it through the appropriations process.”
Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett
Hi friends,
One of the problems with sites like c99p and the reddit subs is that its hard to "catch up" on what you've missed if you've been away for a bit, and depending on when and how often you visit, you might miss quite a bit. This site is great for WHAT'S HAPPENING NOW, but it's nice to also have the context of what came BEFORE to better make sense of current events. In addition, for the last few weeks at least, SO MUCH HAS BEEN HAPPENING related to the election that it's been hard to to keep up even if you HAVE been spending a lot of time reading. If I've been very engaged in one topic, perhaps I missed another one that was huge, but somehow I just didn't see it. Also, I like to be able to provide evidence to others when I'm having a conversation, and having access to a resource such as the lists you are about to see makes it easier to do that. Anyway, I thought this info might seem helpful to others so I thought I'd go ahead and share what I have so far. Maybe you can share some of it with voters who are still somewhat charmed by Hillary somehow.
I've been trying to organize all of the information in a way to help me understand the big picture, and also remember key details of what has happened so far, which has basically boiled down to creating and organizing lists of useful links. I've found a way to compile the best posts from KFS and WotB based on the TOP feature of reddit (which essentially shows the most popular posts). I'm organizing the links by subject and also by date, to be able to see the timeline of events. FYI, I'd like to be able to enhance the summary in the future to also get the best of c99p to incorporate those essays too, but time is short and I wanted to get a "first release" out before the election is over. I'm also planning on releasing other summaries for a number of other areas, including the ongoing FBI investigation.
Contained in this summary are useful and important posts related to
Donna Brazile , the current DNC Chair
, the current DNC Chair CNN (especially because of its connection to Donna Brazile)
(especially because of its connection to Donna Brazile) Debbie Wasserman Shultz , the former DNC Chair
, the former DNC Chair Mocking of the Bernie Sanders Campaign by the DNC
by the DNC Nevada "Chair Throwing" and Other Fun (key name: Jon Ralston)
(key name: Jon Ralston) DNC contemplating going after Bernie on Religion (key names: Brad Marshall, Luis Miranda, Mark Paustenbach)
(key names: Brad Marshall, Luis Miranda, Mark Paustenbach) DNC hiring paid agitators to impersonate Sanders Supporters or cause trouble at Trump rallies (key names: Scott Foval, Robert Creamer, Americans United for Change)
to impersonate Sanders Supporters or cause trouble at Trump rallies (key names: Scott Foval, Robert Creamer, Americans United for Change) Class Action Lawsuit against the DNC and Debbie Wasserman Schultz (key names, Jared Beck, Shawn Lucas)
(key names, Jared Beck, Shawn Lucas) Federal Elections Commission Lawsuit against Hillary Clinton (key names: James O'Keefe, Project Veritas)
UPDATE: November 2, 2016: Sandino pointed out an absolutely fabulous website to me, called Most Damaging WikiLeaks, which trys to name and describe the Top 100 most damaging items that have been revealed by WikiLeaks. I have added additional rows to the tables below, highlighted in yellow.
Donna Brazile, the current DNC Chair, who gave unfair advantages to Hillary during the primaries of 2016, including giving their debate questions BEFORE the debate
CNN
Debbie Wasserman Shultz
Top Hillary aides making disparaging remarks about: Bernie Sanders, Catholics, Latinos, Blacks, Muslims
Nevada Chair Throwing
Going after Bernie on Religion
Paid Agitators
Robert Creamer
Other Incidents of Cheating and Rigging
Votes Date Submitted Submitter to WotB Comments? Submitter to KFS Comments? Top 100 Most Damaging WikiLeaks #22. Democrats created fake Trump "grope under the meeting table" Craigslist employment ad in May 2016 7/22/2016
Racketeering lawsuit - Difference between the exit polls and the electronic vote totals presented on the morning after the primaries
Votes Date Submitted Submitter to WotB Comments? Submitter to KFS Comments? Racketeering Lawsuit Exposing Nationwide Vote Rigging in DNC Primaries Could Derail Clinton 6/12/2016
Class action lawsuit against the DNC and Debbie Wasserman Schultz; covers claims of Negligence and Fraud
Federal Elections Commission Suit against Hillary Clinton
Papua New Guinea secure World Cup Qualifier place
Andrew Nixon
After Scotland beat Papua New Guinea in the first match on Friday, followed by the Netherlands beating Kenya later in the day, the path to the World Cup Qualifier for the Scotland and PNG players became clear - a win would secure their place, whilst defeat would mean qualification would have to wait for the final round of matches.
Scotland were again batting first after Kyle Coetzer won the toss, and again had a big score from one batsman form the backbone of their innings. Matthew Cross made 91 - their highest ODI total - but the next highest score was 22 from both Coetzer and George Munsey.
The hosts bowled Scotland out for 203, four balls prior to the end of their quota of fifty overs. Norman Vanua, John Reva and Mahuru Dai all took two wickets.
Papua New Guinea started their reply with a 44 run opening partnership between Vani Morea and Tony Ura. Both were removed in quick succession, with captain Asad Vala then taking control of the run chase with a knock of 49 before they were the fifth man out in the 34th over.
With 74 still required in 16 overs with five wickets in hand, it was unlikely to be plain sailing, but Mahuru Dai and Dogodo Bau held it together, Dai leading the way with an unbeaten 63 from 54 balls. The pair put on an unbroken 74 to complete a five wicket win and secure PNG their World Cup Qualifier place.
Papua New Guinea will play Hong Kong in the final round of matches, with - subject to ICC confirmation - a place in the new 13 team ODI league still up for grabs. Scotland will take on Kenya in that final round, and they too still have a chance at topping the table.
The current round of WCLC matches will have concluded by this time next week. Hong Kong play host to Nepal for the final two matches of the round on Friday and Sunday.
A tattoo artist has launched a new macabre service, removing inked skin from dead people and preserving them for their relatives.
According to Save My Ink, the process allows tattoo enthusiasts to bequeath an actual part of themselves 'just like a house, wedding ring or any other cherished possession'.
The skin is put through a chemical and enzymatic process to permanently alter the chemical structure of the tissue and stop it from decaying.
Scroll down for video
Charles Hammhas launched Save My Ink, offering to cut skin from the body of the deceased and preserve it as a lasting reminder for relatives
The skin is It is put through a chemical and enzymatic process to permanently alter the chemical structure of the tissue and stop it from decaying
So far the service, which was officially launched in America last week, has successfully preserved 21 tattoos - with 100 per cent accuracy.
Charles Hamm, 60, founder of Save My Ink, also known as the National Association for the Preservation of Skin Art, said they hope to serve tattoo enthusiasts worldwide.
Former financial advisor Charles, of Cleveland, USA, set up the association after realising how much time and money they had put into their tattoos.
They said: 'I have over 150 hours of tattoo work on me, and I have almost covered my entire upper-body, excluding my neck and face.
'When I was getting more tattoo work completed on my back piece, a 10,000 dollar investment, I began considering all of the money and time I had put into my tattoos.
'You would never burn a Picasso or any piece of art you invested in and had a passion for. Your tattoo is also art with a unique story, just on a different canvas.
'I had also read an article in which Johnny Depp stated their intent to have their tattoos preserved, and it all inspired me to begin fully developing Save My Ink.'
According to Save My Ink, the process allows tattoo enthusiasts to bequeath an actual part of themselves 'just like a house, wedding ring or any other cherished possession'
Charles said they perfected the process by practicing on tattooed bits of skin they had removed during plastic surgery after they lost a lot of weight.
'I asked the plastic surgeon to mark where this procedure would take place, and I then informed them that I would have tattoos put on those spots.
A lot of my tattoos have deep meaning to me. I have memorial pieces for family members who have passed, and my grandson has designed a few of my tattoos Charles Hamm, Save My Ink founder
'He removed the tattoos, the process on those pieces worked, and we were ready to go.
'Now, we have a growing gallery with tattoos from passed-away members.'
The unique process is only available to members, who must pay a registration fee of 115 dollars and annual fees of 60 dollars before registering a tattoo for preservation.
After they die, relatives have 18 hours to inform Save My Ink, who post a removal kit with instructions and prepaid return packaging to the funeral home.
The tattoo is removed within 60 hours by the embalmer and sent back to Save My Ink, who return the art to the family within three to six months.
Only living people can opt to have their tattoos removed after they die, and the association refuses to remove inked skin from the face or genitalia..
So far the service, which was officially launched in America last week, has successfully preserved 21 tattoos - with 100 per cent accuracy
Charles said: 'I already have a number of tattoos registered for preservation.
'A lot of my tattoos have deep meaning to me. I have memorial pieces for family members who have passed, and my grandson has designed a few of my tattoos.
My grandson designed one of my lizard tattoos, so they will receive that, and my children have tattoos registered for them to receive as well Charles Hamm
'My tattoos define who I am and share my love for both family and art.
'The gorilla on my chest represents me guarding my wife, so that is obviously going to them
'My grandson designed one of my lizard tattoos, so they will receive that, and my children have tattoos registered for them to receive as well.
'While we do only carry out the tattoo preservation benefit in the US at the current moment, we do hope to eventually expand that globally.
'The community section of our website, which includes a photo gallery, artist profiles, and news content, features artists and work from all over the world.
The Breaks, VH1's original series about hip-hop in the early ‘90s, provide a window into the genre at a crucial turning point in its history. Though the series is full of true to life details and real music from the era, The Breaks is driven by a talented ensemble cast playing fictional characters that bring 1990 New York to life. We spoke to three of those actors, Antoine Harris, Ali Ahn, and Sinqua Walls, to get some insight into what they learned about ‘90s hip-hop while making the show, what music they grew up on, and what they miss about the music from back then. And for more of the signature flare that made ‘90s hip-hop so iconic, tune in to The Breaks series premiere Monday, February 20th at 9/8 Central on VH1.
On a frigid February day in Reykjavik, I stood bare-­chested and dripping wet just inside the dressing room at the Vesturbaejar pool, facing a long, cold walk to the outdoor hot tubs. My host was stoic, strong, a Viking. I was whining.
“I just don't want to go out there,” I said. “How do you make yourself do it?”
“You must, to swim in the pool,” Valdimar Hafstein said with a shrug.  They are a folklorist at the University of Iceland who studies the country's pools. “Kids hate it, too. I have to haul my kids kicking and screaming.” I took a deep breath and tried to think of warm things. Wearing only a Speedo bathing suit — I had packed three, in honor of the island's reputation as one of the company's most avid markets — I stepped onto the deck. It was a few degrees below freezing.
Imagine the feeling you get when you hold an ice cube tight, that combination of sting and ache, except imagine it all over your nearly nude body. Battling my long-­ingrained instincts never to run at a swimming pool, I fell into a kind of brisk walk-trot, aiming for the large set of interconnected hot tubs in the center of the complex. I'm sure I looked ridiculous. The good news: I'd never been less concerned about my appearance while wearing almost nothing in public.
San Jose, CA. - 07 Aug 2014: Scientists from IBM (NYSE: Scientists from IBM (NYSE: IBM ) today unveiled the first neurosynaptic computer chip to achieve an unprecedented scale of one million programmable neurons, 256 million programmable synapses and 46 billion synaptic operations per second per watt. At 5.4 billion transistors, this fully functional and production-scale chip is currently one of the largest CMOS chips ever built, yet, while running at biological real time, it consumes a minuscule 70mW—orders of magnitude less power than a modern microprocessor. A neurosynaptic supercomputer the size of a postage stamp that runs on the energy equivalent of a hearing-aid battery, this technology could transform science, technology, business, government, and society by enabling vision, audition, and multi-sensory applications.
Today's breakthrough, published in Science in collaboration with Cornell Tech, is a significant step towards bringing cognitive computers to society.
There is a huge disparity between the human brain's cognitive capability and ultra-low power consumption when compared to today's computers. To bridge the divide, IBM scientists created something that didn't previously exist—an entirely new neuroscience-inspired scalable and efficient computer architecture that breaks path with the prevailing von Neumann architecture used almost universally since 1946.
This second generation chip is the culmination of almost a decade of research and development, including the initial single core hardware prototype in 2011 and software ecosystem with a new programming language and chip simulator in 2013.
The new cognitive chip architecture has an on-chip two-dimensional mesh network of 4096 digital, distributed neurosynaptic cores, where each core module integrates memory, computation, and communication, and operates in an event-driven, parallel, and fault-tolerant fashion. To enable system scaling beyond single-chip boundaries, adjacent chips, when tiled, can seamlessly connect to each other—building a foundation for future neurosynaptic supercomputers. To demonstrate scalability, IBM also revealed a 16-chip system with sixteen million programmable neurons and four billion programmable synapses.
“IBM has broken new ground in the field of brain-inspired computers, in terms of a radically new architecture, unprecedented scale, unparalleled power/area/speed efficiency, boundless scalability, and innovative design techniques. We foresee new generations of information technology systems – that complement today's von Neumann machines – powered by an evolving ecosystem of systems, software, and services,” said Dr. Dharmendra S. Modha, IBM Fellow and IBM Chief Scientist, Brain-Inspired Computing, IBM Research. “These brain-inspired chips could transform mobility, via sensory and intelligent applications that can fit in the palm of your hand but without the need for Wi-Fi. This achievement underscores IBM's leadership role at pivotal transformational moments in the history of computing via long-term investment in organic innovation.”
The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) has funded the project since 2008 with approximately $53M via Phase 0, Phase 1, Phase 2, and Phase 3 of the Systems of Neuromorphic Adaptive Plastic Scalable Electronics (SyNAPSE) program. Current collaborators include Cornell Tech and iniLabs, Ltd.
Building the Chip
The chip was fabricated using Samsung's 28nm process technology that has a dense on-chip memory and low-leakage transistors.
“It is an astonishing achievement to leverage a process traditionally used for commercially available, low-power mobile devices to deliver a chip that emulates the human brain by processing extreme amounts of sensory information with very little power,” said Shawn Han, vice president of Foundry Marketing, Samsung Electronics. “This is a huge architectural breakthrough that is essential as the industry moves toward the next-generation cloud and big-data processing. It's a pleasure to be part of technical progress for next-generation through Samsung's 28nm technology.”
The event-driven circuit elements of the chip used the asynchronous design methodology developed at Cornell Tech and refined with IBM since 2008.
“After years of collaboration with IBM, we are now a step closer to building a computer similar to our brain,” said Professor Rajit Manohar, Cornell Tech.
The combination of cutting-edge process technology, hybrid asynchronous-synchronous design methodology, and new architecture has led to a power density of 20mW/cm2 which is nearly four orders of magnitude less than today's microprocessors.
Advancing the SyNAPSE Ecosystem
The new chip is a component of a complete end-to-end vertically integrated ecosystem spanning a chip simulator, neuroscience data, supercomputing, neuron specification, programming paradigm, algorithms and applications, and prototype design models. The ecosystem supports all aspects of the programming cycle from design through development, debugging, and deployment.
To bring forth this fundamentally different technological capability to society, IBM has designed a novel teaching curriculum for universities, customers, partners, and IBM employees.
Applications and Vision
This ecosystem signals a shift in moving computation closer to the data, taking in vastly varied kinds of sensory data, analyzing and integrating real-time information in a context-dependent way, and dealing with the ambiguity found in complex, real-world environments.
Looking to the future, IBM is working on integrating multi-sensory neurosynaptic processing into mobile devices constrained by power, volume and speed; integrating novel event-driven sensors with the chip; real-time multimedia cloud services accelerated by neurosynaptic systems; and neurosynaptic supercomputers by tiling multiple chips on a board, creating systems that would eventually scale to one hundred trillion synapses and beyond.
Building on previously demonstrated neurosynaptic cores with on-chip, online learning, IBM envisions building learning systems that adapt in real world settings. While today's hardware is fabricated using a modern CMOS process, the underlying architecture is poised to exploit advances in future memory, 3D integration, logic, and sensor technologies to deliver even lower power, denser package, and faster speed.
The views expressed are those of the author and do not reflect the official policy or position of the Department of Defense or the U.S. Government. Approved for Public Release, Distribution Unlimited.
People who suffer a cardiac arrest in public are more likely to receive CPR from bystanders in the city's ethnic Chinese neighbourhoods, according to new research from the University of British Columbia.
The chances of surviving a heart stoppage without neurological damage are highest when it happens within 2.7 kilometres of a hospital, but the researchers also noted higher survival rates in parts of the west side, east and southeast Vancouver, areas that are not close to hospitals.
Bystanders appear more willing to perform Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation — potentially life-saving chest compressions — in predominantly Chinese neighbourhoods, said lead researcher David Barbic, an emergency room physician at St. Paul's Hospital.
Elevated rates of survival without brain damage were also noted in Kitsilano, Strathcona and across a broad swath of central Richmond. The researchers analyzed data from 1,600 cardiac arrests in Vancouver, Richmond and the North Shore between 2007 and 2011.
“Areas with the highest rates of bystander CPR roughly correlate to the neighbourhoods that tend to be ethnically Chinese,” they said. “It may be that the Chinese community in Vancouver is more receptive to performing CPR in a public place … it's hard to tell.”
Interest in first aid training in the Asian community has been strong for the past 20 years, especially since St. John Ambulance started giving Chinese-language courses, according to instructor Peter Ko.
Today, courses are taught in Cantonese or Mandarin two to three times each month in Vancouver and Richmond.
“Some people come for work reasons, but a lot of them want to know what to do in an emergency and they've either seen an accident or they have an older neighbour and want to be able to help,” they said. “A lot of elderly people want to learn CPR and how to use (a defibrillator).”
Chinese community organizations — and churches in particular — have taken an interest in getting CPR training, sometimes sending senior members to St. John Ambulance classes or having instructors teach on-site, said Ko.
“It takes time for an ambulance to show up, even in urban areas it's eight minutes,” they said. “If a person's heart isn't beating you need to do CPR to save their lives and when people know the steps they are more willing to try.”
Bystanders are often more willing to give aid if they are aware of B.C.'s 1996 Good Samaritan Act, which protects rescuers from liability if they injure someone in the process of giving first aid, Ko said.
Immediate CPR by itself increases a patient's survival rate by two to three times, according to co-author Jim Christenson, head of UBC's department of emergency medicine.
“This study is one piece in our understanding cardiac arrest and we've more than doubled the (overall) survival rate from 10 years ago to about 15 per cent, up from 6.6,” they said.
That coincides with a dramatic increase in the likelihood that a cardiac arrest victim will receive CPR, now more than 40 per cent.
Health authorities have taken steps to simplify the procedure, exploit widespread use of cellphones and reduce the “yuck” factor in CPR. Non-professional rescuers are no longer encouraged to combine mouth-to-mouth respiration and CPR when the victim has no heartbeat.
“Removing the requirement for artificial respiration made people a lot more confident to attempt chest compressions,” they said. “With emergency dispatchers able to give instructions over the phone, people will try CPR even if they haven't been trained.”
Unlike a heart attack — a blockage of a blood vessel in the heart — in cardiac arrest the heart stops beating altogether, which dramatically shortens the window for avoiding permanent damage to the heart and the brain.
“We can see from this and other studies that early bystander CPR is associated with higher rates of survival and neurologically intact survival,” said Barbic.
The study appears in the Canadian Journal of Emergency Medicine.
rshore@postmedia.com
CLICK HERE to report a typo.
Is there more to this story? We'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. Email vantips@postmedia.com.
