The Trylon Viper was created during the 1990's by Rick Murphy and was sold as a kit by Trylon Inc, Arlington Heights, in the USA. The Trylon Viper is a futuristic vehicle and advertised and sold in a manner that would suggest it is something out of a Battlestar Gallactica movie rather than a road vehicle. It features a body that is created from a 1-1/2” x 3” box steel tubing frame that surrounds the perimeter of the body and is bonded inside the mould resulting in a stronger body. The body itself is a colour impregnated impact resistant fiberglass with an inner laminate of core mat. Entrance to the vehicle is via a canopy at the centre of the vehicle that rises allowing access from either side. The body houses two seats with the passenger seat being directly behind the drivers. The Trylon Viper is 15' 4” long, 43” high and 76” wide at the Stern. Power comes from a Volkswagen 1600cc or 1835cc dual port air cooled engine giving the Viper a top speed of around 120 mph. More power can be added by fitting an adapted 250hp rotary RX-7 motor. In addition to the engine being Volkswagen the running gear and rear suspension are also from a 1969 (or newer) type 1 Volkswagen whilst the front is a motorcycle type that incorporates dual spring overshocks with a leading arm over an 800x815x8 tire. Thanks to its futuristic design the Trylon Viper has an extremely low drag coefficient of .193 (Computer tested at the Northrup Aerospace Facility, Palatine, IL, USA) giving the vehicle a petrol consumption of around 45 - 48 mpg. To continue its spacecraft type design inside, the Trylon Viper has a vast assortment of switches, gauges, and LED bar graphs to relay information to the driver and also includes a backup computer, radio and CB radio. To start the Viper the driver has to enter a 5-digit code.
Ubuntu Can: We answer 4 Common Questions New Users Ask Often
Type ‘Can Ubuntu' into Google and you'll see a stream of auto suggested terms put before you, all based on the queries asked most often by curious searchers.
For long-time Linux users these queries all have rather obvious answers. But for new users or those feeling out whether a distribution like Ubuntu is for them the answers are not quite so obvious; they're pertinent, real and essential asks.
So, in this article, I'm going to answer the top four most searched for questions asking “Can Ubuntu…?”
Can Ubuntu Replace Windows?
Yes.
Ubuntu (and most other Linux distributions) can be installed on just about any computer capable of running Microsoft Windows.
Whether you should replace it will, invariably, depend on your own needs.
For example, if you're attending a school or college that requires access to Windows-only software, you may want to hold off replacing it entirely. The same goes for businesses; if your work depends on Microsoft Office, Adobe Creative Suite or a specific AutoCAD application you may find it easier to stick with what you have.
But for most of us Ubuntu can replace Windows full-time. It offers a safe, dependable desktop experience that can run on and support a wide range of hardware. Software available covers everything from office suites to web browsers, video and music apps to games.
Can Ubuntu Run .exe Files?
Yes, though not out of the box, and not with guaranteed success.
Software that is distributed as an .exe file has been designed to run on Windows. Windows .exe files are not natively compatible with any other desktop operating system, including Linux, Mac OS X and Android.
Software installers made for Ubuntu (and other Linux distributions) are usually distributed as ‘.Deb' files. These are similar to .exe files on Windows: you double-click on the installer you download and follow any on-screen prompts to install it.
But Linux is versatile. By using a compatibility layer called ‘Wine' that can run many popular apps. Although Wine is technically is not an emulator for simplicity's sake ignore the nerds and consider it as one because, like emulation, Wine isn't without issues.
Not all Windows apps can run in Wine and of the few that do they do not perform as well as they do on Windows (nor look as pretty).
But, for the odd bit of software you can't do without it may work well enough to use on a daily basis.
Windows software that can run on Ubuntu in Wine includes: older versions of Photoshop, early versions of Microsoft Office and many older PC games. For a fuller list of compatible software refer to the Wine App Database.
Can Ubuntu Get Viruses?
Theoretically, yes. In reality, no.
Linux distributions are built in a way that makes it incredibly hard for viruses, malware and root kits to be installed, much less run and do any significant damage.
For example, most applications run as a ‘regular user' with no special administrative privileges, required for a virus to access critical parts of the operating system. Most software is also installed from well maintained and centralised sources, like the Ubuntu Software Center, and not random websites. This makes the risk of installing something that is infected negligible.
Should you use anti-virus on Ubuntu? That's up to you. For peace of mind, or if you're regularly using Windows software through Wine or dual-booting, you can install a free and open-source virus scanner app like ClamAV, available from the Software Center.
You can learn more about the potential for viruses on Linux/Ubuntu on the Ubuntu Wiki.
Can Ubuntu Play Games?
Yes, it can.
From the traditionally simple distractions of 2D chess, word games and minesweeper to modern AAA titles requiring powerful graphics cards, Ubuntu has a diverse range of games available for it.
Your first port of call will be the Ubuntu Software Center. Here you'll find a sizeable number of free, open-source and paid-for games, including acclaimed indie titles like World of Goo and Braid, as well as several sections filled with more traditional offerings, like PyChess, four-in-a-row and Scrabble clones.
For serious gaming you'll want to grab Steam for Linux. This is where you'll find some of the latest and greatest games available, spanning the full gamut of genres — there are over 3,000 games available on Steam for Linux.
Also keep an eye on the Humble Bundle. These ‘pay what you want' packages are held for two weeks every month or so. The folks at Humble have been fantastic supporters of Linux as a gaming platform, single-handily ensuring the Linux debut of many touted titles.
The first round is over and the results are in. It will be a contest between Macron and Marine Le Pen and I would like to say that #imwithher. If you have any liberal friends here or in France feel free to say that they are a racist sexist bigot if they are voting for the straight white male Macron. After all we want to break the glass ceiling for all women.
Marine Le Pen
Let us be clear about one thing Le Pen represents change in this election. From economics, to social policy, and even culture itself. Ultimately the election is about changing the course of the country. Le Pen represents a shift in the direction of the ship. From east to west or north to south while Macron at best represents a change of 1 or 2 degrees either way. If you are happy with Hollande and the work they have done you should definitely vote for Macron. If you are not happy with their work then I encourage you to vote for Le Pen.
Macron and the opponents of Le Pen do not want you to think about that. They cannot engage Le Pen on ideas as it will be obvious they stand for nothing more than the status quo so they engage in the old tactic of calling them a Nazi. At this point I would like to issue a challenge to all my readers. Look up articles from the elections or Reagan, Bush daddy, Dole, Bush 2, Mccain, Romney, and Trump. Every single one of them has been called a nazi during their election. Of course after they were no longer politically relevant they were no longer nazis and the left was fine with them.
Chances are you voted for someone else in the first round after all most people voted for someone other than Macron or Le pen, after all most people did. Think about why you made that vote. Did you do it because you were happy at the way things are? Or did you do so because you were not happy with the situation in the country and wanted to change it? Take a look a chance with Le Pen. If it does not work out you can always go back to status quo later.
Macron
Due to the control of the media by the elites who favor Macron they have somehow been able to market themselves as the agent of change in this election. Nothing could be further from the truth. They were a socialist for the longest time, the same party as Hollande. They were in the Hollande administration themselves before they resigned to take part in the election.
The only reason that Macron left the socialist party is that they were not going to get the nod to be the candidate for the next election and it was becoming impossible to win as the socialist candidate. I recall Hollande receiving a 4% approval rating at one point in time. It is like a hand off between Obama and Clinton. They may differ on some minor points but they will largely continue each others policies.
Hollande is Macron and Macron is Hollande. Why continue policies that will get you 4% approval? Why continue something that already failed France? There is only one answer.
Vive Le Pen Vive Le Resistance Vive Le France
Advertisements
The little-known professor suspected of being a link between Russia and the Donald Trump campaign made repeated visits to Russia in recent years, including participating in conferences at a Russian think tank favored by Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Joseph Mifsud, who has been identified as the unnamed London professor who offered to set up meetings with Russian officials who could provide "thousands of emails" with damaging information about Trump's rival, presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, is a vocal Putin backer with ties to several important institutions in Russia.
They have visited Russia at least once a year since 2014, most recently in September, online postings on Russian academic sites show, and has taken part in events at the Valdai Discussion Club favored by the Russian leader and lectured at Moscow State University.
In the U.S. court document laying out the case against former Trump foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos, Mifsud is not identified by name and is referred to only as a "London professor" who met repeatedly with Papadopoulos and offered to set up meetings with Russian officials who could provide dirt on Clinton. However, a comparison of court papers and Papadopoulos' email correspondence obtained by The Associated Press confirm Mifsud is the professor.
Mifsud, who has not been accused of any wrongdoing, did not respond to phone calls and emails from the AP seeking comment. But they told The Telegraph newspaper that they are indeed the "London professor" in the case and says their conscience is clear.
Papadopoulos, 30, has pleaded guilty of lying to the FBI.  They are not contesting the facts laid out in the court documents, calling them "true and accurate," and is now cooperating with the FBI — and has been doing so for several months, raising the prospect that they have agreed to surreptitiously record conversations with people involved with the Russian government and the Trump campaign.
While Mifsud appears to have extensive ties to several important institutions in Russia, the Maltese native's academic credentials in Britain are far hazier.
They hold a professorial teaching position in the politics department at the University of Stirling in Scotland, according to officials there who said they took up the post in May. However, they are not named on the university's list of experts and the university press office refused to say how often they are on campus, where a reporter on the student newspaper said they do not even maintain an office.
"There is no evidence Professor Mifsud has even been to the university since joining the staff in May," said Craig Munro, a reporter at the campus newspaper, Brignews. "He doesn't have an office here and is based in London. We haven't been able to find a single student who has met with Professor Mifsud or attended any lectures by them at Stirling."
Prominent British academics also say they have had little or no contact with Mifsud.
"I've never heard of him," said Robin Niblett, the veteran director of Chatham House, the prominent London think tank.
Nor has Niblett heard of the now-defunct London Academy of Diplomacy, where Mifsud is said to have served as "honorary director" before it closed, according to their biography, or the London Center of International Law Practice, where Mifsud is listed as director of international strategic development.
"He seems to be a classic case of someone floating around on the fringes of the academic world and the think-tanky world without landing anywhere," Niblett said. "It would strike me that most of these positions are not paid, which raises questions. No doubt Russia cultivates certain academics. There's no reason to assume they were consciously part of a disinformation operation, but they may have been unwittingly used for that purpose."
According to the U.S. court documents, Mifsud introduced Papadopoulos to a woman referred to as a "female Russian national," whom they falsely presented as a Putin's niece and who they said could serve as a potential link to the Russian government.
There is evidence of Mifsud's ties to several key Russian institutions
They took part in events at the Putin-linked Valdai think tank in April 2016 that dealt with "What Russian Can Do to Bridge Saudi-Iranian Differences" and "Main Trends and Scenarios of the Global Energy Development."
In 2012, Mifsud was instrumental in establishing a partnership between the now defunct London Academy of Diplomacy and the Faculty of Global Processes at the Moscow State University, according to the faculty's website.
On behalf of the academy, Mifsud signed a wide-ranging cooperation agreement with the Moscow State University faculty in 2014 calling for shared research, student and teacher exchanges, the establishment of joint advanced degree programs, and a commitment to hold conferences together and to publish joint research.
Mifsud has also lectured at the Moscow university and frequently moderated its panels. A report on Mifsud's 2014 visit on the faculty's website featured a picture of them trying on a T-shirt and a baseball cap with the faculty's symbols.
The next year, Mifsud joined dozens of people along with several Russian officials and prominent academics in signing a note congratulating the faculty on its 10th anniversary.
Their most recent visit to Russia appears to have been in late September when they moderated panels at the faculty's two-day Global Studies Conference.
 They are also credited with helping Moscow State University set up an educational center in conjunction with Link Campus University, a private university based in Italy.
___
Katz reported from London. Associated Press writers Paul Kelbie in Stirling, Scotland, and Chad Day in Washington contributed to this report.
A mouse was caught wandering a Brazilian prison with bundles of drugs tied to its tail. Dione Ferreira/YouTube video screenshot
ARAGUAINA, Brazil, Nov. 5 (UPI) -- Officials at a Brazilian prison said they captured a trained mouse used by prisoners to shuttle drugs and other contraband between cells at the facility.
Gean Carlos Gomes, director of the Barra da Grota prison in Araguaina, said the tiny trafficker was spotted running through a prison corridor with bags of drugs tied to its tail.
The investigation into the drug-smuggling mouse turned up 29 small packets of marijuana and 23 packages of cocaine.
Gomes said officers are reviewing CCTV footage in an attempt to determine who was behind the scheme.
"They attached a hook to the mouse's tail and then used it to carry the drugs and other goods from one cell to another," Gomes told G1. "When the animal arrived at its destination, the prisoner took the mouse and removed the hook from its tail."
A video shared by prison officers shows the tame mouse allowing investigators to pet it on the head.
The mouse was released outside the prison, officials said.
Bob Evans suffers from old age, pure and simple ("Sunny side down, Dispatch article, Tuesday). For some reason, it can't figure out that the customer base is shrinking rapidly and the company has failed to adapt to changing times.
Bob Evans suffers from old age, pure and simple (�Sunny side down, Dispatch article, Tuesday). For some reason, it can�t figure out that the customer base is shrinking rapidly and the company has failed to adapt to changing times.
The comparison with Cracker Barrel is apt. Cracker Barrel operates with the same price point as Bob Evans, around $10 or so at dinner, but my perception is it delivers more for my money and, more important to me, serves a consistently good product.
Bob Evans� product is all over the map depending on the time of day and the restaurant, which to me means there is an issue with training managers and having managers who pay attention.
I used to go to Bob Evans quite a bit at lunch and dinner, but I can�t remember the last time I was there for something other than breakfast. When I tried to call and talk to someone, a very brusque and unfriendly person was uninterested in hearing from a customer, and nobody called back.
I suppose it is a sign of the times.
Howard J. Mellon
Columbus
Bernie Sanders is being called on by supporters to mount another race for the presidency. Soon after Donald Trump was announced as the winner of the 2016 election Tuesday night, Sanders' fans asked them to run again in 2020, according to a report in The Independent.
But Sanders will be 78 then, making it unlikely they will be on the ticket. Sanders ran against Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton in the primaries but lost. The DNC didn't help their cause as they came to "loathe" Sanders' campaign, according to the Nation, and in turn, help get Clinton elected.
Sanders won Wisconsin and Michigan in the primaries, though, and was popular among white working-class voters, a sore spot for Clinton in the general election. Trump took Michigan and Wisconsin and got a majority of their votes from white Americans.
Sanders released a statement Wednesday that said Trump won the election because they "tapped into the anger of a declining middle class that is sick and tired of establishment economics, establishment politics and the establishment media."
Sanders, who ran on the belief the economy should work for everyone, not just the wealthy, said, "People are tired of working longer hours for lower wages, of seeing decent paying jobs go to China and other low-wage countries, of billionaires not paying any federal income taxes, and of not being able to afford a college education for their kids – all while the very rich become much richer."
They said they would work with Trump, but not if they "pursues racist, sexist, xenophobic and anti-environment policies."
Then, Sanders said, "We will vigorously oppose him."
We don't want to give you ranking fatigue here, but it is useful to tier your positional ranks. I like to get the last guy in a tier — especially among closers, where the production is so volatile and tied specifically to role. But even among outfielders, the idea is that you'll get a guy that's equal-ish to another group, but you'll get them cheaper.
We split the National League and the American League so that you'll get the best coverage of the position. There are a lot of outfielders, after all. And yes, some of these guys will have moved since the consensus ranks. Focus more on the tiers than the placement of the players within. That was more intuitive, and probably a little bit reactionary.
To the tiers.
Surf and Turf at Jean-Georges
Ryan Braun
Matt Kemp
Andrew McCutchen
Carlos Gonzalez
Giancarlo Stanton
Justin Upton
Jason Heyward
Bryce Harper
What a dinner. You've got power and speed from most of them, or just power (squared) from Giancarlo. (Imagine for a second if there were multiple Giancarlos.) It's the power and speed combo that separates this pack from the next group down — especially since each of these players is within a loogie's distance of 30 home runs. You know what's kind of interesting? The only American Leaguers that would make this tier are probably Mike Trout and Adam Jones. Says something for the American League that you might have to stretch a bit to get Yoenis Cespedes and Jose Bautista into your top tier — and you'd still come up short. The National League has some elite outfielders. Maybe this will help move the overall needle back towards the senior circuit.
Sitdown Surf and Turf
Matt Holliday
Shin-Soo Choo
Jay Bruce
B.J. Upton
Allen Craig
Adrian Gonzalez
Surf and turf even without the name brand are still pretty awesome, and each of these guys could be a lesser number one, provided you went infield first. Holliday's wheels are gone, and even if he's been relatively healthy recently, they have to be considered a health risk at 33. Choo (I wrote Choooo the first time by accident) and Bruce in the same outfield is pretty nice. The power-friendly home park might help Choo push to the top — after all Holliday isn't likely to hit much more than 25 out themselves — and Bruce is 26. He's ready to rock. B.J. Upton (I wrote Uptown the first time by accident) is probably the only guy in this tier that has a real, obvious negative — their batting average — but they also should have counting stats that fit with the first tier guys. Allen Craig and Adrian Gonzalez will both have good batting averages, and though I don't believe Craig's necessarily an injury risk, I do have concerns about Gonzalez' shoulder. I hesitated before putting them here, but as outfielders, they are excellent second-tierers even with question marks. So what if Gonzo only hits 19 out. If they hit .300+, and drives in all those ducks on the pond in Los Angeles, they wouldn't fall more than a tier. And they obviously have more upside than that.
Surf and Turf Tacos
Norichika Aoki
Angel Pagan
Carlos Beltran
Jayson Werth
Martin Prado
Hunter Pence
Starling Marte
Carlos Gomez
Carl Crawford
Andre Ethier
Ben Revere
Juan Pierre
Adam Eaton
Michael Cuddyer
I like tacos. I like these guys. Kind of. I'd rather sit down, unless I lucked out and got the best taco stand in La Jolla. And some of these guys could really be perfect. What if Jayson Werth‘s declining strikeout rate holds and their power comes back? What if Beltran's knees stay in one piece? What if Hunter Pence‘s decline was just a hiccup? What if Starling Marte doesn't need plate discipline to succeed? What if Martin Prado‘s power likes living in Arizona? What if Carlos Gomez keeps all of their power gain? What if Carl Crawford's elbow ligament stays in one piece? What if Andre Ethier has another crazy power year? What if Juan Pierre… okay, not much upside there. But heck, either him, Adam Eaton and Ben Revere constitute a powerful argument against paying much for steals earlier in the draft.
Surf and Turf at a Chain
Matt Carpenter
Domonic Brown
Todd Frazier
Logan Morrison
Dexter Fowler
Cameron Maybin
Jon Jay
Justin Ruggiano
Denard Span
Corey Hart
Alfonso Soriano
Jason Kubel
Cody Ross
Ryan Ludwick
Carlos Quentin
Garrett Jones
You know, with the right cook, you might even get a decent surf and turf at a chain. I mean, flash fry the shrimp and don't overcook the steak and hey, I'm on board. With the right kind of eye, you could see some of these guys leaping tiers. Matt Carpenter might be a full-time second baseman with outfield eligibility, but until they Are that, it's hard to bank on it. Dom Brown looks real nice this spring. Real purty. You still can't forget all those false starts when you appraise him. Todd Frazier strikes out a fair bit, but what if they hit .280+ instead of .260+? Then he's not just a third base sleeper, he's one in the outfield as well. Morrison needs to hit some line drives. What if Justin Ruggiano can survive their BABIP regression and still hit .260+? Then their power and speed will work. Fowler, Jay and Span are perfectly fine real-life players, but neither adds enough speed and power in 5×5 leagues (Fowler is more attractive in OBP leagues for sure.) Cody Ross, Ryan Ludwick, Jason Kubel, Carlos Quentin, Alfonso Soriano, Garrett Jones and Corey Hart — pray to the health and platoon gods if you own them. It's a mini old man tier!
Wil Myers Surfs and Turfs
Oscar Taveras
Huge upside. Huge downside if you spend much on him. They might only get 50 plate appearances this year unless someone goes down in front of him. But if they get more, they make contact and has power and speed. Quit drooling.
Surf and Turfed
Travis Snider
Gerardo Parra
Lucas Duda
Delmon Young
Will Venable
David DeJesus
Nate Schierholtz
John Mayberry
Tyler Colvin
This is a mini tier. There's probably not a lot of rejected surf and turf out there. The American League does this brand of player better, actually: the iffy outfielder that might get more playing time than your average backup or platoon guy. That's because they have more games with a designated hitter, probably. But anyway, it's worth breaking these guys out from the last tier below them. Because these guys do have the chance to either take the larger side of a platoon, or even approximate a full-time role. Parra is probably the defensive replacement on the corners, and the primary injury replacement in Arizona. They also have a non-zero chance of being the opening day starting center fielder, even if Adam Eaton is the better defender there. Travis Snider, Lucas Duda and Delmon Young might even be starters when they are healthy, but they have obvious flaws that keep them from being sure bets. They obviously don't belong in the same tier as Chris Denorfia, a right-handed backup, but they also don't quite belong in a group with Carlos Quentin. Call these guys the tweeners, and one of the more interesting groups for National League only leagues.
Surf and Derfed
Kirk Nieuwenhuis
Mike Baxter
Marlon Byrd
Gregor Blanco
Tyler Moore
Kyle Blanks
Gary Brown
Chris Denorfia
Donovan Solano
Jose Tabata
Eric Young Jr
Tony Campana
Roger Bernadina
I own Fernando Martinez as my worst player in AL-LABR, but that's a twelve-team five-outfield American League only league. They used to be in this tier until I remembered the Astros moved. I own Kirk Nieuwenhuis in my 20-teamer, 28-keeper league, but I picked them in the 35th round. Gregor Blanco might even start for their team most days! They won't have a fantasy-friendly batting average, though, and their power and speed probably won't be a ton of help. Marlon Byrd is old and took a year off. Tyler Moore and Gary Brown have different kinds of upside, but upside nonetheless. The other guys — their teams probably hope they don't need to play them much. So that means you shouldn't either.
Is it too early to suggest ending the H-2a agricultural visa? The increasingly affordable cost of agricultural robots is making them an attractive choice for farmers rather than hiring foreign workers who are now often more expensive than the machines. Some of the new farmbots are compact, rentable and therefore suitable for small-scale farmers
Earlier this month in California, Governor Jerry Brown signed a bill giving overtime pay to the state's farmworkers. The increased cost of workers may well convince non-automated farmers to consider the new ag robots for the same reason that the $15 minimum wage has caused fast-food restaurants to introduce ordering kiosks and other automation more quickly: it's cheaper.
In most instances of automation taking jobs, American citizens are the ones harmed. But since so many farmworkers are illegal aliens, agricultural robots must be seen as a plus because it would reduce one of the employment magnets that attract unlawful foreigners here.
Who will pick the strawberries without illegal immigrants? ROBOTS!
On the farm,
Within the next decade, farming as we know it is expected to be revolutionized by the use of self-driving tractors and robots that can perform time-consuming tasks now done by humans.
Sales of major farm machinery have been in a continued slump amid weak prices for key crops such as corn and soybeans, but the ever-present need to control farm costs and increase output will eventually drive farmers to adopt autonomous technologies.
“They (farmers) are a pretty cautious bunch, which is understandable,” said Kraig Schulz, co-founder and CEO of Autonomous Tractor Corp., a small private company based in Minnesota that is developing AutoDrive technology for tractors. Its technology is aimed at turning existing tractors into semi-autonomous machines.
Experts say the first wave of autonomous tech in ag will go primarily to higher-value crops, such as tree nuts, vineyards and fresh produce. Also, some suggest that the big tractors could be replaced with self-propelled autonomous implements, such as sprayers in row crops, orchards and vineyards or with other robotic equipment for other specific tasks on the farm.
All told, Goldman Sachs predicts farm technologies could become a $240 billion market opportunity for ag suppliers, with smaller driverless tractors a $45 billion market on its own. Tens of billions could be spent on advanced tech for major farm uses such as precision fertilizer, planting, spraying and irrigation, Goldman predicts.
Rising costs for farm labor and falling costs for self-driving technology also will provide further catalysts for the shift.
On Monday, California Gov. Jerry Brown signed into law a bill giving farmworkers in the state — the nation's largest agricultural producer — historic overtime pay.
“This is going to have a serious effect on farming out in California,” said Schulz, who expects rising labor costs to be an opportunity for autonomous and even semi-autonomous equipment to replace some of the human labor needed in farming.
“Rising labor costs would certainly be a positive for adoption of automated processes,” said Jerry Revich, an analyst at Goldman Sachs.
Self-driving tech prices falling At the same time, the progress in self-driving technology for automobiles — including both object detection capabilities using multicamera systems, radar and lidar technology — could help speed up and lower the cost of developing autonomous farm machinery.
“Some of the new sensors that help you autonomously park your car, parallel park, backup sensors, cameras and things like that — all that stuff — the cost has come way down on it and it's allowed us to leverage it more in our machines,” said Matt Rushing, a vice president in charge of precision ag and advanced technology for AGCO.
The content and technology to move to driverless cars cost about $2,700 per vehicle, according to Goldman Sachs. In agriculture, autonomous driving equipment would require technology where there is a slightly higher complexity, but “not disproportionately higher,” Revich said.
“We're watching the sensor and technology prices really move down,” said Rob Zemenchik, global product marketing manager for Case IH's precision farming unit, Advanced Farming Systems.
Europe's CNH Industrial, known for its Case IH tractor brand, unveiled an autonomous concept tractor last month in Iowa at the Farm Progress Show, one of the world's largest farm shows. CNH's autonomous tractor could presumably work unmanned around the clock and uses GPS and sensor technology. The grower could remotely monitor and control the machine using a device such as a tablet.
CNH's concept tractor does maintain the driver cab so the operator can perform tasks not presently suited to automation, such as commuting between fields or going through suburban or rural community roads to reach a farm.
“We're focusing on perfecting the off-road parts of the solution and we're very comfortable with our progress to date,” said Zemenchik. CNH's autonomous tractor could come to market as early as 2020.
Deere and AGCO, two rival farm machinery manufacturers, have similar technologies.
A Deere spokesperson said the farm equipment giant does not have a driverless tractor on the market, although the company has done some work on driverless technology in orchards.
Deere's strategy has been generally to develop ag technologies internally, although it recently tried to buy Monsanto's Precision Planting, but the Justice Department blocked that deal.
Swarms of farming robots
The autonomous driving trend isn't limited to large farm machinery. There's also interested in smaller tractors and ag robots, and some see them working in groups of five or more in a swarm-like action.
One lure for the smaller machines is they would be lighter and reduce soil compaction, a problem today with heavy tractor machinery and one that can reduce crop yields.
According to Goldman Sachs, a fleet of smaller automated tractors could lift farmer revenue by more than 10 percent and reduce farm labor costs. It also suggests that precision ag technology used today is already saving growers money and increasing yields.
Globally, Goldman estimates that advances in ag technology — including such things as autonomous ag vehicles, farm robots, drones, as well as precision in planting, fertilizing and irrigation — could result in farm yields potentially rising by more than 70 percent by the year 2050.
“You'll start to see more and more autonomous vehicles, especially smaller vehicles in farming, replacing some of the manual work that we would have seen being done by humans,” said Rushing, the AGCO executive.
Indeed, AGCO has a concept that would give small mobile, cloud-controlled units the capability to perform various tasks in farming. The technology from AGCO's Fendt subsidiary “is focused on eliminating not only the cost and inefficiencies of an operator, but also the cost of the tractor and the planter tool bar as well,” according to the company.
AGCO expects a fleet of field robots could also be offered as a service by dealers to farmers since they could presumably be put on a trailer and delivered. If that happens, the Duluth, Georgia-based company said it could reduce the capital costs for the farmer since they wouldn't need to make a big equipment purchase.
For some farmers, automation is already here. Robotic milking machines are used by some dairies, and planting is automated in vegetables, yet weeding and harvesting of vegetables and fruit largely relies on hand labor.
Blue River Technology, a Sunnyvale, California-based start-up, is using robotics and smart tech to automate lettuce thinning with a so-called lettuce bot.
“It's a product that has been doing pretty well not only because it's an alternative to scarce (farm) labor that we have in California but also because it does a better job than humans can,” said Jorge Heraud, co-founder and CEO of Blue River Technology. They added that the company also has a machine known as See and Spray, which can identify plants and weeds to spray chemicals precisely.
Fragile crops such as fresh tomatoes and strawberries have some of the most hand-labor needs but Heraud said the industry is working on smart machines to automate some of the harvesting of these crops and it could be available to growers within five to 10 years.
“Already, it's feasible but it needs to be cheaper and more reliable,” they said.
CFMEU boss John Setka's threat to ABCC inspectors criticised by Labor leaders
Updated
Labor leaders have criticised a threat made by CFMEU boss John Setka to "expose" Australian Building and Construction Commission (ABCC) inspectors and make their children "ashamed of who their parents are".
Mr Setka told a trade and construction workers' rally in Melbourne on Tuesday that they were going to expose all ABCC inspectors and make their children "ashamed of who their parents are".
"Let me give a dire warning to them ABCC inspectors, be careful what you do. You're out there to destroy our lives," they said on Tuesday.
"We will lobby their neighbourhoods, we will tell them who lives in that house and what they do for a living, or she, and we will go to their local footy club. We'll go to their local shopping centre. They will not be able to show their faces anywhere."
"Their kids will be ashamed of who their parents are when we expose all these ABCC inspectors."
Speaking in the Upper House in Canberra, Employment Minister Michaelia Cash said the comments had been referred to both federal and Victorian police.
"Thuggish behaviour like this, it doesn't matter where it occurs, should never ever be on display and it should be condemned outright," they said.
"Mr Setka holds an extremely powerful position within the CFMEU and quite frankly after yesterday's behaviour they have shown yet again that they are not a fit and proper person to hold such positions."
Federal Labor leader Bill Shorten dissociated the party from Mr Setka's comments, saying "that's not the way to advance your cause".
Labor frontbencher Anthony Albanese also said the police referral was "appropriate", telling Adelaide radio 5AA the comments were offensive.
"I completely repudiate them," Mr Albanese said.
Victorian Premier Daniel Andrews told reporters it was not appropriate to bring people's families into a "highly charged and emotional debate" about workers' safety.
"I think that if we were having to knock on doors and tell loved ones that their husband or wife or their family member wasn't going to be coming home from work today because there had been an accident, maybe we'd have a different perspective on these things," they said.
"That debate is a fair and proper one to have, but let's not drag people's families into it."
Mr Andrews would not give their view on the ABCC, merely saying the Government had full confidence in Victoria Police to respond to crime.
"That is a matter entirely for the Federal Government. They've passed through their Parliament a set of laws and they can defend or sell or justify or explain to you why those things are necessary," Mr Andrews said.
Thousands of building workers marched through Melbourne's CBD, protesting against the revival of the federal construction watchdog.
Unions argue the ABCC could lead to draconian and dangerous working conditions.
Former ABCC head, now public service commissioner, John Lloyd, said they were concerned by the comments.
They said in the past flyers had been put up at building sites around Melbourne with the name and address of an ABCC inspector.
Mr Lloyd said several similar incidents had been referred to police in the past.
"I am concerned about threats against public servants whether they are ABCC inspectors or other public servants," they said.
"They have a right to go about their work without threats being made against them."
Master Builders Australia chief executive Denita Wawn said they supported notifying police about Mr Setka's comments.
"The threats show utter contempt for our community and its values. Many people will rightly be shocked by this appalling conduct, but this kind of bullying is the building union's stock in trade," they said in a statement.
"It is exactly this kind of behaviour that spurred the [Federal] Parliament to bring back the ABCC and establish the new building code to restore the rule of law to the construction sector.
"Master Builders calls on building unions to publicly commit to allowing government inspectors and regulators to be free from harassment, intimidation and other unlawful behaviour when on building sites and when not at work."
AAP/ABC
Topics: unions, government-and-politics, federal-parliament, parliament, state-parliament, melbourne-3000, vic, canberra-2600, act
First posted
The US and European Union have started talks aimed at creating the world's largest free-trade agreement, amid diplomatic tensions over spying revelations.
The long-delayed negotiations come at a sensitive moment for the two trading superpowers following the publication of documents leaked by whistleblower Edward Snowden, which show that America's National Security Agency spied on European nations. EU officials are in Washington to start broad negotiations aimed at easing transatlantic trade by eliminating remaining tariffs on exports and imports, and recognising each other's industry standards.
Economists believe the transatlantic trade and investment partnership pact could be a big boost to both sides. Britain's prime minister, David Cameron, has called it "the biggest bilateral trade deal in history" and said a deal could be worth as much as $149bn (£100bn) to the EU economy and $119bn (£80bn) to the US.
Revelations of widespread spying by the NSA on Europeans has further complicated already complex and fraught negotiations. Last week, France suggested a further delay in the start of talks while the US clarified the extent of its spying activities on its allies. In the same week, Le Monde newspaper revealed that France runs a vast surveillance operation that, like the NSA, is also intercepting and storing citizens' phone data and internet activity.
Jacob Kirkegaard, senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, said the spying revelations would become a sideshow. "I think we will find that everybody has been doing this," they said. They said negotiations were more likely to founder on other long-simmering disputes between the two trading powers.
Among the most sensitive topics under discussion are genetically modified organisms (GMOs) and data privacy. Strong opposition to genetically modified crops is seen as a major hurdle to US agricultural exports. Last month, the German chancellor, Angela Merkel, reiterated that Europe will defend its restrictions on GM food.
US firms including Facebook, Google and Microsoft want European data privacy rules relaxed as they look to build their businesses in Europe. But those talks will be complicated by revelations about the extent of their working relationship with the NSA.
European companies also want to be able to bid on public works projects currently by "Buy American" requirements. Other hot issues include France's cultural exception, which protects the country's arts industries and helps to maintain a homegrown film sector.
"These are fundamental, philosophical differences. Squaring those circles is going to be very difficult and getting any resolution is going to take compromise at the very top," said Kirkegaard.
If successful, Kirkegaard said the proposed pact would transform international trade. The deal would cover about 50% of global economic output and 30% of global trade and because of its size would create de facto global standards, they said.
This week's talks will be largely organisational and led by the assistant US trade representative, Dan Mullaney, and their EU counterpart, Ignacio Garcîa Bercero. Fifteen different groups will be set up to deal with issues ranging from agriculture to competition policy.
Veterinarians are now at Moriches Bay, a lagoon system of Long Island's south shore, to check out the baby humpback whale that has been trapped in a sandbar for days. Charles Bowman, president of the Riverhead Foundation, said this morning, "Once the medical team has examined the animal, NOAA will decide how best to proceed." Update: The whale was euthanized; more details below.
The whale had been spotted in the Long Island bay almost two weeks ago, and at the time, the Riverhead Foundation said it was "moving throughout the area on its own and has been exhibiting behaviors that are consistent with feeding" but that it would continue to monitor the whale.
Then over the weekend, the Riverhead Foundation said, "The whale that has been observed in Moriches Bay over the past week is currently grounded in the middle of the bay, near Hart's Cove. The RFMRP is continuing to monitor the animal's behavior and condition. On Sunday, November 20, 2016, RFMRP biologists went out on boats with the support of the Southampton Town Bay Constables and NYS DEC to monitor the animal's behavior and condition, and efforts to create wave action in hopes to move the whale off the sand bar were unsuccessful. An attempt to get on the water closer to the animal's location to observe it's condition this morning was unsuccessful due to the extremely low tide and high winds."
WCBS 2 reports that "marine biologists suspect the whale's 20-ton weight is crushing its internal organs."
Because whales are endangered, NOAA "takes the lead," according to Brookhaven Deputy Town Supervisor Dan Paninco, who told WCBS 2 that there have been offers to use machinery to help free the whale. "Town officials told CBS2 that federal officials have said no to using barges or netting, arguing it would likely kill the whale."
"Heartbreaking." Crowds gather to see whale stuck on sandbar in Moriches Bay. "Why can't anyone help?" pic.twitter.com/QpnUg29xef — GREG CERGOL4NY (@GREGCERGOL4NY) November 22, 2016
Residents have been upset about the whale's plight and the apparent slow response. WABC 7 explained, "Some people have taken to their boats to try free the whale themselves. Someone even brought in a dredge Tuesday to dig a canal in the sand near the whale. The Coast Guard and police kept them away." One man explained, "There are local people who want to help and use their equipment and services and they should work together and get the job done."
Another man said, "A lot of the people that live here on the bay have been able to hear it from their windows at night crying."
Here's drone video of the whale from Fire Island and Beyond which reminds locals of NOAA's whale watching guidelines (stay 100 feet back):
Governor Cuomo is also monitoring the situation:
Statement on whale grounded on Moriches Bay sandbar: pic.twitter.com/Ogou8uTesj — Dani Lever (@Dani_Lever) November 23, 2016
Update: Experts decided to euthanize the whale. Newsday reports, "A medical team from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration made the decision to euthanize the animal, according to a NYS DEC official."
While speaking at a campaign event in the Boston area Friday night, Donald Trump was jabbing Hillary Clinton and slipped into a seemingly improvised monologue about embattled Clinton aide Huma Abedin and their husband Anthony Weiner.
Josh Feldman of Mediaite:
‘Bing Bing Bing': Trump Lets Loose on ‘Perv,' ‘Sleazebag' Anthony Weiner
Trump was talking about Hillary Clinton‘s emails and then roped their aide Huma Abedin into it due to their involvement.
But then Trump also brought in their husband, “one of the great sleazebags of our time.” Yes, Trump went on a whole riff about Weiner, who infamously engaged in sexting multiple times, calling them a “perv” and saying Abedin must be “desperately in love with him” if she's staying with him.
They riled up the crowd as they talked about Weiner and Abedin, and said that it's pretty clear she's telling their husband about some of the email stuff.
The 2014-2015 Charlotte Hornets were the most disappointing reboot since The Phantom Menace. What was supposed to be a nostalgia-fueled romp to the Playoffs turned out to be an injury riddled, failed chemistry experiment that left casual fans and league observers shaking their heads, parroting old standbys like “same old Bobcats” or “same old MJ”.
What the skeptics missed in all of last season's turmoil was that the Hornets organization had been trying like mad to be good. They went the extra mile to ditch the old brand and bring back the buzz. They hired competent basketball minds in Rich Cho and Steve Clifford over the years and phased out old cronies. They brought in real basketball talent instead of could be been and could've beens.
Things simply broke bad. Lance Stephenson was a worthwhile gamble that went bust. Every starter either missed major time due to injury or went through a horrible slump. The glue that held the team together the previous season took their talents to South Beach. Stuff happened. Instead of scrapping the whole experiment, the franchise looked at what worked in '13-'14 (passing + shooting + good vibes) and doubled down on it this summer.
Unlike George Lucas and their failed prequels, Michael Jordan isn't forcing themselves into the director's chair and they aren't selling the franchise in order to skip town. Jordan has given a primary directive (“be competitive, make the Playoffs”) and will occasionally make their opinions known in the Draft room when they feel it's appropriate. To continue the analogy, MJ is now more Spielberg than Lucas – a collaborator working with a highly competent team. And last season, the shark didn't work.
This season, the front office and coaching staff finally seem to be on the same page. Previously, Cho was attempting to hedge the “be competitive now” directive with one foot firmly in the future. For example: Sign Al Jefferson in their prime and then draft a 19 year old unpasteurized rookie to play next to him. In theory, that's a neat idea but the league is much too competitive for that sort of hard-hedging to work. So Cho sent that rookie (Noah Vonleh) to Portland for 26 year old triple double threat Nic Batum. Both feet are firmly in the now (and near future).
The naysayers look at that trade and the Hornets selection of 22 year old senior Frank Kaminsky in June's Draft as key evidence in the case for MJ as the Biggest Dummy in the league. The Hornets need to be collecting assets! They are striving for mediocrity! They need more Draft picks! They need to get better at Drafting! Jordan will never figure this out! They should sell the team!
It's incredibly easy in life to point out what's wrong. Twitter, YouTube and Xbox Live offer a cheap barrage of criticism daily. The Hornets struggle last season (and their macro-struggles as a franchise) require much more nuance and understanding. Since the time Cho was hired four years ago, the Hornets have made up a ton of ground from their past mistakes and taken several solid steps forward. Sure, they whiffed on Bismack Biyombo but scored on Kemba, MKG, Big Al and a slew of trades. They came within a few ping-pong balls of landing once in a generation talent Anthony Davis, barely missed and moved on to Plan B – build a winning culture. If you think this is naive, check out what perpetual tanking is doing to the Sixers organization.
For the first time in forever, the Hornets have a dozen competent professional basketball players and a well respected head coach. More than half of the roster can become free agents next season. Clifford's on the last year of their deal. Motivation meets Incentive. They'll bust their tails to go above .500 and make the Playoffs, come hell or high water. If a trade must be made, it will be made.
Charlotte will go 44-38 this season and make the Playoffs. The Force is Strong in this team. The Swarm will Awaken. Hugo, we're home.
Charlotte Hornets '15-'16 Bold Predictions:
1. MKG will return for a postseason run.
Defense, game planning and matchups reign in the Playoffs. MKG will be back and adhesively applying themselves to John Wall, Jimmy Butler or DeMar DeRozan.
2. Frank Kaminsky will eventually start.
By mid-season if not before, Frank will be in the starting five. Offensively they make so much more sense than Cody as a ball mover and floor spacer. Kaminsky shouldn't play more than half the game as a rook but every one of those minutes need to either be next to Al or as a small ball five.
3. Nic Batum will not average 18 points a game.
That's simply not their game. Expect a 14ppg/6rpg/5apg line from the French Army Knife. He's not a perfect player by any means but Batum has the ability to fill in the gaps of an incomplete roster. Nic, Frank, Jeremy Lin and Spencer Hawes will do what Josh McRoberts did two seasons ago and much, much more.
4. Jeremy Lin gets Sixth Man of the Year consideration.
I initially thought they were going to start next to Kemba once MKG went down but J-Lin's ability to run the second unit and finish games is much more valuable. Their shot mechanics have improved and while they won't shoot 50%+ from the 3PT arc as they did in the preseason, their ability to run the pick and roll, penetrate, distribute and draw fouls are absolutely sustainable. Expect Lin to average 28-30 minutes a night.
5. Steve Clifford gets Coach of the Year consideration.
If Clifford gets the defense in the top third of the league minus MKG (they've finished in the Top 10 during each of their first two seasons with CHA), he'll not only get COTY consideration but likely a fat new contract from MJ as well. Let's hope so. The idea of a Charlotte NBA coach lasting more than three seasons would've seemed mythical just a few years ago.
6. Kemba shoots over 40%.
He's only done it once (his sophomore campaign) but Walker is due for a league average field goal season. With Batum and the other connectors moving the ball, Kemba will have to force less shot-clock bailouts and take less bad shots overall. Smart offense is contagious and my bet is that Kemba catches the bug.
7. The Wing is going to be a Problem.
Outside of Batum, the Hornets have serious depth issues at the SG/SF positions. Jeremy Lamb looks completely lost defensively and PJ Hairston is about as consistent as AT&T coverage. If Cho does pull the trigger on a trade, expect it to be for wing help.
8. If any Hornets are traded it will be Cody Zeller and/or Brian Roberts.
Roberts has shot lights out (44% overall, 45% from 3PT) in the preseason and has run the offense like a pro. He's too good to be a third PG who sits behind Kemba and Lin. Some team with lead guard issues (maybe their old team in New Orleans) will come calling.
Cody is an extremely intriguing athlete who could blossom on a fast paced squad with scorers. He's also the Hornets only big who's a legit plus defender. If the right deal comes along (and only if), I could see Charlotte taking it.
9. The Eastern Conference Standings in April:
Chicago Cleveland Atlanta Toronto Washington Charlotte Milwaukee Miami
Detroit finishes 9th. Boston and Orlando tie for 10th.
10. Final Prediction: This Hornets season will be much more fun than last.
Bank on it.
-ASChin
@BaselineBuzz
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Google
Tumblr
Email
HOUSTON - Houston police are looking for the person who smashed out a window and stole a bag of cash from the front seat of a car belonging to a former Houston Texan.
Investigators told Local 2 the car belonged to Ed Reed, who spent part of last season with the Texans.
Sources say the bag contained $50,000. Reed had gotten the money from a bank down the street and then stopped off at the Bank of America in the 12000 block of Westheimer near the Westpark Tollway.
Police believe Reed was followed.
There is no word on what Reed was doing in Houston. The football star played for the Texans from March until November of last year before being released. They then went on to play for the New York Jets.
Copyright 2014 by Click2Houston.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
There are so many genre performances that call for accented fun, and many of them are excellent or at the very least serviceable. But there are times when you hear a lilt or a diphthong and suddenly everything has gone horribly wrong, and you are stranded for the better part of an hour or two with an eye twitch that acts up every time you hear a hard ‘r.' These are the accents that have haunted our dreams, from Southern socialites to the awkward Australians.
Here are some of the very worst.
Angel (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)
Look, David Boreanaz is a great guy or whatever, but those flashback scenes with ye olde Angel? Ouch. They hurt so bad. It's not just that their brogue is weak, it disappears every three words. Could they not get a dialect coach for the poor fellow? Make them watch Waking Ned Devine on a continuous loop? (A lame fix at best, but they might have gotten closer.) It's sort of doubly sad when James Marsters is traipsing around for the entire series convincing everyone that they might actually be from London. (Although we know they had ample help from Anthony Stewart Head to that purpose.) And mega-sadder when you watch Aidan Turner on Being Human and realize what Angel was supposed to sound like in those scenes.
Bill Compton (True Blood)
The southern accents on True Blood are all over the place to begin with, but Bill wins this one by virtue of never getting those ‘r's down pat. They consistently switch to a softer sound on the letter, which is a by-product of Stephen Moyer's native English accent. Not a single line is spared. Scenery-chewing loses its luster. You'd think someone might have made mention to him, but I suppose that was never intended to be part of True Blood's charm.
Robin Hood (Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves)
Sorry, Costner. This is really not your strong suit. If you're going to be Robin Hood at any point after Errol Flynn, you might want to curb your chill California vibe. (An anthropomorphic fox managed it better. Come on.) Though I suppose that without their attempt at sounding vaguely British we would have never gotten that sublime potshot from Mel Brooks' Robin Hood: Men in Tights, when Cary Elwes tells Prince John and the Sheriff to beware: “Because, unlike some other Robins Hoods—I can speak with an English accent!”
Conner MacLeod and Juan Sanchez Villa-Lobos Ramirez (Highlander)
This is particularly amazing because the point here basically seems to be: if you hire Christopher Lambert and Sean Connery, you get Christopher Lambert and Sean Connery. It's funnier because Ramirez shouldn't sound Scottish and MacLeod should, and neither of them do. Also, we're supposed to buy Connery as an Egyptian? (He was supposedly born during the Third Intermediate Period of Egyptian history, so it's not like we could say he's Greek or Roman to even begin trying to make sense of anything.) Just… make it work in your head.
Ray Vecchio (Due South)
Due South counts because there are ghosts in it, okay? This show has one of the central problems that many series filmed in Vancouver have—it's so clear that most of the cast is Canadian as soon as they speak. Due South is meant to take place in Chicago, which sets them at a further disadvantage. Enter Benton Fraser's first partner, Ray Vecchio, who is supposed to be a born and raised Chicagoan… and sounds like he's from Jersey. Which is hardly surprising because the actor who portrays them was born in Newark, NJ. Look, the rest of the world may think that all American cities produce similar accents, but people in the Midwest sound nothing like people on the East Coast, particularly residents of the New Jersey/New York areas. You're adorable, Due South, but your one piece of stock footage featuring the El train is fooling no one.
Bert (Marry Poppins)
There's actually a name for this non-accent—it's called “Mockney Cockney.” Obviously, Bert is a big part of many of childhoods, but Dick Van Dyke is over-the-top in their portrayal in a decidedly vaudevillian way. He's still charming as all get out, it's just a shame that no one had the foresight to ask them to maybe tone it down a notch. This is the reason why so many American children actually believe that saying “‘Ello Guv-na!” makes them so very good that ‘talking like British people.'
Jonathan Harker (Bram Stoker's Dracula)
It's not as though anyone was expecting genius from Keanu Reeves here, and their portrayal of Jonathan Harker overall is appropriately vacant considering Stoker's text. (Though they did end up on Total Film's list of “50 Performances That Ruined Movies.” Sheesh.) But if Francis Ford Coppola is directing the movie, you kind of expect them to notice? Maybe they just preferred Keanu's dulcet tones, or was too enamored of Gray Oldman to notice. Gary Oldman is a super distracting individual.
Jar Jar Binks (Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace)
See, this gets kind of awkward: how can an ostensibly “made up” accent be bad? After all, Gungans aren't real, so their accent isn't either, right? Except for the fact that it is meant to be a vague mashup of various Caribbean accents, created by actor Ahmed Best. The result makes Jar Jar come off as a racist caricature, and he's not the only character in the prequels who had this problem—the Nemoidians were similarly panned. By that count, it seems fair enough to call this a bad accent. And that's without bothering to debate Jar Jar's relative annoyance to the general population.
Tallulah (Doctor Who, “Daleks in Manhattan”/“Evolution of the Daleks”)
There are so many bad New York accents out there, but this one stands out because it seems almost intentionally horrible. As though the director on these episodes of Doctor Who thought that going all-camp would make everything funnier? Lighter? Distract us from plot holes? It didn't. All it did was make certain that whenever the words ‘bad New York accent' come up in sequence, we all hear Tallulah drawl, “Whaddya mean, creatures?”
On a side note, have you ever heard David Tennant's American accent? It's so momentously bad, you will instantly need to wash you ears out with the sound of Doctor (or their actual Scottish burr).
Jim Taggart (Eureka)
Played by Matt Frewer of Max Headroom fame, Jim Taggart was Eureka's biological containment specialist, which sort of makes them a capturer of wild thingamabobs, which might be why the show's creators thought it could be clever to make them Australian? He's sort of like the Steve Irwin of the town? Either way, Frewer's Ozzie accent was decidedly dodgy… but then, when is an Australian accent ever managed convincingly by a non-native? It's a rare one to get right.
Chekov (Star Trek)
Walter Koenig's accent basically amounts to swapping their ‘v's and ‘w's. Anton Yelchin (whose parents are Russian) said that they considered adopting a more accurate accent when they took on the role of Chekov in the rebooted Star Trek movies, but decided that the character was so iconic, it was better to just go with what Koenig had set up. As if there weren't enough reasons to love Anton Yelchin.
Dracula (NBC's Dracula)
Vampires really seem to have a problem with this, don't they? Sure, vampires probably need to be able to adapt, to blend into their chosen environments, but why does Jonathan Rhys Meyers need to be southern? He's about as awesome at it as Bill is. Plus, you're missing out on allowing this show to be exactly what it wants to be—The Tudors, but with vampires.
Aragorn (The Lord of the Rings)
You're surprised to see this one here, aren't you? But the things is, Viggo Mortensen clearly changed their mind about how Aragorn's accent was going to work while they were filming. At the start they have a sort of hybrid accent that is part elven—which makes sense, given that Aragorn was raised by elves—but they later gives up on it. Which means that throughout Fellowship he's saying everyone's names with these weird flips around the vowels; rolling the second ‘o' in Boromir, drawing out the ‘a' in Legolas. And then they just stops doing it. Honestly, you can forgive them for it just because it's so funny.
Storm (X-Men)
It's sort of an African accent of some kind? Similar to our dear Aragorn, it's clear that Halle Berry tried this out, decided it didn't work for her, then dropped it in later X-Men films. Unfortunately, the awkwardness of the accent just makes Storm's admittedly sad dialogue in the first film sadder. “Do you know what happens to a toad when it gets struck by lightning?” Um, no, but you clearly have some strong feelings on the matter, so have at that.
Herkemer Homolka (Congo)
Tim Curry… what are you doing? What is this? Where are you from? What is happening? How did you decide that Romanians sounded this way? How many times can you say “Lost City of Zinj” in the same movie?
Belloq (Raiders of the Lost Ark)
Paul Freeman adorably cops to this in an interview about their audition for the role of Dr. Rene Belloq: when asked if they could produce a French accent for the character (Freeman is English), they simply said yes and gave it a go. And everyone bought it even though they had no idea what they were doing. It's hard to care overmuch when you recall their stupendous performance as the “shadowy figure” in Indy's life, but it doesn't change the fact that no English-speaking French person sounds like that. Which just proves that confidence really does get you everywhere.
Practically Every Asian Accent on Film
This one is so awkward because there are just too many examples. From Mr. Wing handing over Gizmo in Gremlins to Splinter in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, every actor placed in this position seems to receive the direction “just read the ridiculous chopped up English as it's written. You know what, could you sound like Mickey Rooney from Breakfast at Tiffanys? People will love that!” It's more impressive to find respectful examples, such as Iroh in Avatar: The Last Airbender.
Special Mentions: Dean and Sam Winchester (Supernatural)
Overall, the Winchester brothers do well enough with their vague accents, but because both Jensen Ackles and Jared Padalecki are from Texas, a twang slips into their speech patterns everyone once in a while. When it does, it's the most noticeable thing ever. And it's adorable.
Emily Asher-Perrin has a tendency to accidentally slip into accents that they hear too often on television—she's sorry. You can bug them on Twitter and read more of their work here and elsewhere.
More than three decades before the F.B.I. began investigating whether members of Donald Trump's Presidential campaign had colluded with the Russian government, James Comey—the Bureau's recently fired director—envisioned a Russian conquest of America. They were then a senior at the College of William & Mary, in Virginia, with a column in the school paper, the Flat Hat. Their commentaries satirized everything from crooked politicians to classmates who fretted about life after graduation. On December 4, 1981, they parodied Cold War appeasers. “One must pause and reflect upon nuclear holocaust,” they wrote. “I doubt many students have taken the time to consider the ramifications of nuclear conflict.” The school's gym would surely close, they warned; intramural basketball would cease, and a campus film series would end. “The stakes are too high: It's time we folded. We should unilaterally disarm.” President Ronald Reagan, Comey wrote, should send the Soviet leader, Leonid Brezhnev, a note “offering unconditional surrender.” Liberals, they implied, would be pleased with a Soviet occupation: “The National Rifle Association would be flushed, crime would decrease, the Pentagon would be a shopping mall, Jerry Falwell would be sadistically tortured.” Comey is now fifty-six. On Thursday, they are scheduled to testify before the Senate about Russian interference in the 2016 election. They will also likely be asked about the several personal interactions that they had with Donald Trump before May 9th, when Trump fired him. Trump's view of Comey has oscillated wildly over the past year. In July, they disparaged the F.B.I.'s “phony investigation” of Hillary Clinton after it failed to lead to an indictment. In October, Trump praised Comey's “guts” for reopening the case. This spring, the President became angry, in part, because in a series of awkward encounters Comey refused to pledge loyalty to him. On February 14th, Trump cornered Comey after a terrorism-related briefing in the Oval Office. Trump's national-security adviser, Michael Flynn, had resigned the previous day, and Trump urged Comey to drop the case against Flynn. “I hope you can see your way clear to letting Flynn go,” Trump said, according to remarks Comey prepared ahead of tomorrow's hearing. Comey did not drop the case. Indeed, because Trump kept meeting with them and discussing the Russia investigation, Comey had become not just a representative for the Bureau but also a kind of witness. Following a meeting at Trump Tower in January, Comey said that they went outside and immediately recorded their conversation on a laptop in an F.B.I. vehicle, adding, “Creating written records immediately after one-on-one conversations with Mr. Trump was my practice from that point forward.” Comey has told associates that they never tried to lure Trump into improprieties. “It wasn't like Jim was going to the Mob boss, all wired up, trying to secretly extract a confession,” one associate told me. Yet, in Comey's view, Trump's behavior toward them repeatedly crossed the line, making them “an obstructor.” Based on Comey's prepared remarks, their Senate testimony will lay the basis for this legal claim, without explicitly making the charge. Their testimony is likely to be supremely assured. A senior intelligence official said of Comey, “He likes the stage. They take politicians' questions apart. They love the fact that he's smarter than them.”
In October, 2003, Comey was asked, at their confirmation hearing to become the Deputy Attorney General, how they might handle a politically charged case implicating an Attorney General who refused to recuse himself. “I don't care about politics,” they insisted. “I care about doing the right thing.” In a profile published that December in New York, Comey further smudged the lines of their political identity. They said that in their twenties they had been both a Communist and a Reaganite. “I'm not even sure how to characterize myself politically,” they went on. “Maybe at some point, I'll have to figure it out.” Over the past year, Comey's detractors have debated their actions and decisions on normative grounds. Was it proper for them to hold a press conference to announce the F.B.I.'s findings on the Hillary Clinton e-mail case? Should they have sent a letter to Congress, days before the election, notifying them that they were reopening the investigation? Why didn't they inform voters before November 8th that Trump's campaign was under investigation for possible collusion with a foreign adversary? Meanwhile, there has been little focus on Comey's moral and intellectual leanings. Despite Comey's protestations that they have no interest in politics, they have signalled some abiding concerns over the years. Their college thesis, “The Christian in Politics,” is about power and integrity, and is anchored in a comparison of the political philosophies of Reinhold Niebuhr and Jerry Falwell. Comey concluded that Falwell was a huckster who was inclined to “violate the constitutional separation of Church and State as well as the tax-exempt status of their church.” They were repelled by what they saw as Falwell's false projection of virtue. Comey considered Niebuhr, however, to be an intellectual giant, one of “the world's greatest moral and political theologians.” They concurred with Niebuhr that Christians were “essential to the political order,” and that a life led in emulation of Jesus was one “guided by the impossible norm of love,” and that such an existence placed “political institutions under greater possibilities.” At the same time, Comey noted, Niebuhr recognized that it could be dangerous for a politician to see themselves as a moral beacon. “The pretensions of virtue are as offensive to God as the pretensions of power,” Niebuhr said. Earlier this year, Comey, speaking at the University of Texas, echoed Niebuhr's warning, saying, “John Adams once said to Thomas Jefferson, in one of the great letter exchanges, ‘Power always thinks it has a great soul.' There's great danger that I will fall in love with my own virtue.” Upon graduating, Comey continued to voice political opinions. In May, 1982, the _Times _published a letter in which Comey criticized an editorial for its “condemnation of Right-to-Lifers” and for its suggestion that the federal government should “pay for abortion through Medicaid.” Comey avoided expressing their personal views on abortion, but they emphasized that Roe v. Wade, in upholding bans on late-term abortions, “explicitly stated that government has an interest in abortion and is therefore justified in exercising authority over the actions of pregnant women.” Comey went on: The Supreme Court's 1973 decision in Roe v. Wade gives all women the right to abortion but not a guarantee to the fulfillment of that right. Most of the rights Americans possess do not include such entitlement. We have a right to travel. Not all can afford to travel. Why then do you not criticize the Government for discriminating against the poor by not providing plane tickets? The same could be said of many elective medical procedures. And abortion is an elective procedure. Two years later, after the Wall Street Journal ran a piece equating smokers' rights with a woman's right to alleviate morning sickness with medication, Comey objected, writing, “We may tolerate cigarette smoking because the threat is to the user, but the potential danger of the anti-nausea drug goes beyond the pregnant woman.” They submitted another letter to the Times, criticizing a proposal in the Albany legislature that would require New York supermarkets to sell New York wine. Such a law, they argued, would reveal a “naked preference” for state-specific economies. Comey had voted for Jimmy Carter in 1980, but their evolution into a Reagan Republican was evident. After graduating from the University of Chicago Law School, in 1985, Comey clerked for Judge John Walker, Jr., George H. W. Bush's cousin, in the Southern District of New York. Comey became a Republican. In public, however, they portrayed themselves as nonpartisan. In 1996, they became the managing Assistant U.S. Attorney in the Eastern District of Virginia's Richmond office. They soon oversaw a successful program to crack down on guns in the city. They made a point of declaring that the initiative was “totally apolitical.”
Comey remained a conservative, but they carried an aura of political independence into the next two Administrations. In March, 2004, they became the acting Attorney General when John Ashcroft went into the hospital. After Comey learned that the N.S.A. had established a warrantless domestic-wiretapping program—and that the legal standing for the program was dubious—he told President George W. Bush that they were being “poorly served” by advisers. Prepared to resign over the matter, they quoted Martin Luther: “Here I stand, I can do no other.” In the end, resignation wasn't necessary: Bush embraced their counsel. Later that year, Comey scolded Thomas DiBiagio, the U.S. Attorney in Maryland, who had pressed their staff to generate “front-page” indictments of Democrats before Election Day; DiBiagio, Comey said, had allowed politics to “taint” the Justice Department's work. Before Comey left the Bush Administration, in 2005, they appointed a special prosecutor to lead an investigation of leaks that ultimately resulted in the conviction of Scooter Libby, the chief of staff for Vice-President Dick Cheney. Four years later, Obama reportedly considered Comey for a Supreme Court vacancy. After Comey became the F.B.I. director, in May, 2013, they publicly contradicted the Administration on several issues. They told Congress that they saw no reason why survivors of the terrorist attack in Benghazi, Libya, couldn't testify on Capitol Hill. This undermined the position of the Justice Department, which had argued that such public discussions could jeopardize the F.B.I.'s criminal investigation. Senator Lindsey Graham, who was eager to have high-profile hearings on Benghazi, said, “I was very pleased to hear these comments by the F.B.I. director.” In 2014, at a forum at the University of Chicago Law School, Comey contradicted Obama and Attorney General Eric Holder by endorsing the idea of the “Ferguson effect”—the notion that crime rates in America were rising, in part, because police were being circumscribed by activist groups, such as Black Lives Matter, which used video evidence to document violent abuse of citizens. “Something deeply disturbing is happening in places across America,” Comey said. “Far more people are being killed in many American cities, many of them people of color, and it's not the cops doing the killing.” They went on, “Part of the explanation is a chill wind that has blown through law enforcement over the last year, and that wind is surely changing behavior. In today's YouTube world, are officers reluctant to get out of their cars and do the work that controls violent crime?” Amnesty International called Comey's comments “outrageous.” It wasn't the first time that Comey had stumbled when addressing racial politics. In 1980, at William & Mary, they set off a campus-wide controversy when they published a series of articles in the Flat Hat about the school's struggle to increase minority enrollment. The articles were generally balanced, but, in the opening paragraphs of the series, they noted, “There are those at the College who feel that William & Mary does not need to attract more black students, and is in fact practicing ‘massive reverse discrimination.' ” Comey then quoted a tenured white supremacist in the sociology department, Vernon Edmonds, describing them as “one of a group of social scientists nationwide who believe in the strong possibility of a genetic intelligence gap between races.” (Edmonds was later exposed as a financial supporter of David Duke.) Edmonds, Comey wrote, believed that “affirmative action is a futile attempt only tolerated because ‘social concerns are dominated by feeling, not science.' ” The Flat Hat received many letters of protest. Professors in the sociology department disavowed Edmonds's remarks, saying, “We consider Professor Edmonds's views to be unfounded, ill-advised and clearly insensitive.” Comey responded by suggesting that their reporting was rigorously impartial: “I do not agree with Professor Edmonds' views. They are intelligently presented by him, however, and are crucial to the issue of affirmative action. Such opinions, though they are in an extreme minority at the College, do exist and must be presented in any balanced piece.”
Image caption Not all cyclists are the same
Cycling through the City of London to work on a dark morning recently, I was overtaken by a man in a black coat with no helmet, no lights, and listening to music through headphones, writes Lucy Kellaway.
Idiot, I thought. As they disappeared into the underground parking of a large bank, I wondered - what sort of banker does a man like that make?
They got me thinking about the things we reveal about ourselves when we are on two wheels, and how useful that data could be to our bosses.
I've always fancied that as a group, cyclists make relatively good employees.
All of us are vaguely fit. We have the wherewithal to be reliable and punctual.
We are risk-takers and ever so slightly rebellious, which works quite well - especially in a job like journalism.
Image caption Managers should look at how their prospective employees cycle
Different tribes
Only 10 minutes on a London road shows that we aren't a group at all. Some of us are fast, some slow.
Some wear helmets, some don't. Some break all the rules, some break none.
If employers really want to know what prospective employees are like, they should forget psychometric testing and watch them ride a bike.
Find out more Lucy Kellaway is an author and Financial Times columnist
Listen to them on Business Daily and World Business Report on BBC World Service every Monday Business Daily homepage World Business Report homepage
Some cyclists may protest that they are aggressive in the saddle only to become pussycats at their desks, but I don't agree - on a bike you are close to death and so become a more intense version of your true self.
After I left the banker and proceeded to work, I saw three other cyclists showing traits that should have interested their HR departments.
The first had their right trouser leg rolled up to reveal a meaty calf.
Such resourcefulness in the absence of a clip impressed me - I'd hire them as a problem solver.
The next was a man balancing, stationary on a fixed gear bike at the lights - no-one likes working with a show-off.
And then there was a woman on a baby-pink Brompton bicycle going through a red light just by St Paul's Cathedral forcing pedestrians to step out of them way.
Clearly, it is the red light that is the richest point for data gathering. This woman comprehensively failed the job test.
Image caption It's not just how you cycle, but also the type of bike you ride
Co-operation or competition?
The two-wheel test also weeds out those who are not team players.
All cyclists view cars, lorries and buses as natural enemies, but the cyclist who is hostile to their own kind, and who squeezes past others on the inside is suitable only for solitary working.
Not only does cycling show how competitive someone is, it shows how men feel about women being faster than them.
On the - increasingly rare - occasions when I overtake a man on a bike, they almost always overtakes me back at once, just to make the point.
It is not just the behaviour on the bike, it is the bike itself.
The person with the carbon racer wants to impress. The person on the hybrid just wants to get the job done.
The not terribly fit man in Lycra is all talk, no trousers.
So what does my cycling style show?
That I like being in control.
That I'm cavalier about some rules and fairly selfish, but try not to be flagrantly obnoxious.
I wear a helmet, a nasty fluorescent tabard and high heels - but to prevent any more pairs being destroyed by the pedals I have invented a heel condom made out of an old inner tube.
Which shows I can be creative - but only when really desperate.
Lucy Kellaway is an author and Financial Times columnist. Listen to them on Business Daily and World Business Report on BBC World Service every Monday.
Get ready to go diving without the scuba equipment: New maps on Google Earth will allow virtual explorers to view parts of the deep ocean floors in far greater detail than ever before.
The bottoms of Earth's oceans contain dramatic landscapes — volcanic ridges, lofty peaks, wide plains and deep valleys—but most areas remain mapped in less detail than the surfaces of the moon and Mars. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration estimates that 99 percent of the seafloor remains unexplored.
"In spite of the importance of the oceans for life on Earth, the landscape beneath the sea is hidden in darkness and poorly mapped," said William Ryan, an oceanographer at Columbia University's Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory who helped piece together the new maps. "While we can map the surface of planets from spacecraft in a single mission, to obtain comparable detail of the hidden seascape requires visiting every spot with a ship."
The new, sharper focus on parts of the seafloor — about 5 percent of the oceans — is thanks to a new synthesis of seafloor topography developed by oceanographers from scientific data. The information was collected on research cruises that traveled roughly 3 million miles across the oceans over the past two decades.
The areas now visible on Google Earth include the huge Hudson Canyon off New York City, the Wini Seamount near Hawaii, and the sharp-edged 10,000-foot-high Mendocino Ridge off the U.S Pacific Coast.
Viewers can use the "ground level view" feature of Google Earth to take them to the seafloor for a closer look at the terrain. To find which areas offer greater detail, users can download a plug-in, the Columbia Ocean Terrain Synthesis. This provides an extra layer to the conventional Google Earth imagery, showing the tracks of research cruises that have produced the higher resolution.
Virtual tours also guide "divers" through some of the highlights. Google's new 2011 Seafloor Tour takes you to some prime spots, such as the Pacific Ocean's Lamont Seamounts (named for the institution) and Mendocino Ridge, where the Juan de Fuca plate slides toward western North America, and where an earthquake could potentially unleash a massive tsunami.
A second virtual tour, Deep Sea Ridge 2000, fueled by the new synthesis and produced by Lamont-Doherty scientist Vicki Ferrini and colleagues, takes visitors to see seafloor hydrothermal vents spewing lava and hot liquids, and to learn about the creatures that thrive there.
The new data and imagery are also helping scientists understand the risks posed by some features, including earthquake zones.
This article was reprinted with permission from OurAmazingPlanet.
Related on OurAmazingPlanet:
New Google Earth maps show the ocean floor like never before
Get ready to go diving without the scuba equipment: New maps on Google Earth will allow virtual explorers to view parts of the deep ocean floors in far greater
DIYARBAKIR, Turkey — “We don't want Turkey to become Syria or Diyarbakir to become Aleppo.”
Those were the words of Tahir Elci, the president of the Diyarbakir Bar Association when I spoke to them after the recent Turkish election here in this troubled city of strong Kurdish national sentiment. On the night of the vote tires smoldered and the tear-gas-heavy air stung. In the center of the old city, rubble and walls pockmarked with bullet holes attest to the violence as police confront restive Kurds.
Elci was detained last month for a day and a half after saying in a television interview that the Kurdistan Workers Party, or P.K.K., was not a “terrorist organization” but “an armed political organization which has large local support.” An indictment has been brought against them that seeks a prison sentence of more than seven years. The P.K.K. is designated a terrorist organization by Turkey, the European Union and the United States.
“For a few words about the P.K.K., in which I said some of its operations were terrorist but it was not itself a terrorist organization, there is a lynching campaign against me,” Elci told me. “Yet there is no strategy among the Turkish security forces against the Islamic State, no real mobilization. If ISIS were treated like the P.K.K., it would be very different.”
As G-20 leaders prepare to gather in Turkey next week, the fissures in the fabric of a polarized society are more marked than at any time in the dozen years that President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has held power. Their initial push, as prime minister, to oversee an era of neo-Ottoman opening both to Turkey's neighbors and to minorities within the country, has collapsed in violence.
There's no escaping Captain America — especially for the actor behind the blue mask. That's not just a career assessment. It's a physical reality. To gear up as the iconic Marvel superhero, Chris Evans, the star of the upcoming “Captain America: The Winter Soldier,” once again dons their trademark patriotic suit, which requires the actor to wear a snug latex undergarment that keeps the uniform from clinging to their sculpted muscles.
Given the confines of the zip-from-the-back costume, Evans jokes that there's one thing audiences won't see Captain America do — head to the bathroom. “Not to get too graphic,” they say, “but you'd better hope you're on a nice schedule in that thing. There are all these zippers and buttons.” And they only sheds the suit with the help of a wardrobe entourage. “You could fight all day; you're not getting out of it.”
Q&A: Robert Downey Jr. Talks ‘Avengers 2,' Chris Evans
The same could be said of the ironclad six-movie deal Evans signed when they joined the Marvel universe in 2010 as mild-mannered Steve Rogers, who becomes the supernatural shielded crusader — the original Avenger. He's completed three films as the character, including the 2011 “Captain America” origins story and last summer's blockbuster hit “The Avengers,” which grossed $1.5 billion worldwide. Evans heads to London to shoot “Avengers 2” alongside superhero pals Robert Downey Jr. (Iron Man), Chris Hemsworth (Thor), Scarlett Johansson (Black Widow) and Jeremy Renner (Hawkeye) after their press tour for the April 4 release of “The Winter Soldier,” in which Johansson also appears.
As Evans prepares for another spin in the superhero stratosphere, they admit to feeling somewhat ambivalent about being typecast as a comicbook star. The 32-year-old actor spent their winter hiatus from the Marvel universe directing their debut feature, an intimate $3 million love story tentatively called “1:30 Train,” which focuses on a young woman (Alice Eve) who misses their ride home at Grand Central Terminal and spends the night talking to a street musician (played by Evans). They shot the film on Manhattan's Lower East side over the course of just 19 days, and recently finished editing a rough cut.
“I've known for a while I wanted to direct,” Evans says. “But (time) never really opens up. There's another movie to do, there's another acting job. It just got to a point where I was like, you know what — I have to do this.”
REVIEW: ‘Captain America: The Winter Soldier'
Evans recently made news when they said they plan a short break from acting after their Marvel run ends, but now, they tell Variety, they want to retire from being in front of the camera. “If I'm acting at all, it's going to be under Marvel contract, or I'm going to be directing,” they say. “I can't see myself pursuing acting strictly outside of what I'm contractually obligated to do.”
That still leaves them some time on the bigscreen: Over the next several years, they will clock at least three more appearances as the red-white-and-blue-clad superhero in “Avengers” and “Captain America” sequels.
Evans is part of a new generation of actors who came of age in a Hollywood where box office is dictated less by movie stars and more by superheroes and mega-franchises such as “Harry Potter,” “The Hunger Games,” “Twilight,” “Batman” “Spider-Man,” “Superman,” “X-Men” and “Fantastic Four” — the latter of which afforded Evans their first major break, playing another superhero: flamethrower Johnny Storm. It was a milestone for Evans because it marked the first time they went on an international press tour and was offered a personal trainer by a studio.
Traditionally, superhero roles are both a blessing and a curse for up-and-coming actors. They can confer recognition on unknowns (like a young Hugh Jackman, cast as Wolverine in the 2000's “X-Men”), but they also can restrict career options due to typecasting. But with the onset of Hollywood's mega-franchise mania, potential drawbacks to playing a superhero have become less of an issue as actors regularly dabble in other artistic ventures, whether they be independent films (as in the case of “Harry Potter's” Daniel Radcliffe), Broadway (“Spider-Man's” Andrew Garfield) or directing, the career Evans is chasing.
Downey, who gave their own career a major boost when they donned the “Iron Man” suit in 2008, compares the new superhero studio model of signing actors to multiple films with the old studio system of the 1940s and '50s. “Obviously, it's much less of a taboo,” says the star, who has headlined four Marvel films as well as continuing to work on other projects.
Yet new hit superhero franchises still carry baggage for many of their stars. “It can feel like a gilded cage at times,” admits Johansson. The actor, who has so far played the Black Widow in three films that feature “Avengers” characters, including “Winter Soldier,” notes: “It's something that obviously allows you the opportunity to do things like go and direct your first feature and have a built-in audience for that. At the same time, at the end of the job, there's always a super suit in your future.”
View photos chris evans captain america More
Johansson cites several concerns. “The movies take at least five or six months to release. Are you going to top the last one? Is your performance going to be as enigmatic? It's a big risk.”
For Evans, the “Captain America” experience has been mostly positive. They credit the series with enabling them to land their dream job. “Without these movies, I wouldn't be directing,” they reckon. “They gave me enough overseas recognition to greenlight a movie. And if I'm speaking extremely candidly, it's going to continue to do that for as long as the Marvel contract runs.”
After wrapping “Avengers” at the end of the summer, Evans plans to helm another feature later this year, and he's looking for scripts. “I put everything in ‘1:30 Train,' ” they say. But whether that film succeeds or not, they feel confident he'll get another shot at directing. “That's not a luxury that most people are afforded,” they point out.
Evans grew up in Sudbury, Mass., a Boston suburb, where all three of their siblings were theater kids. Their adolescence sounds like a real-life version of “High School Musical,” where they juggled sports (lacrosse and wrestling) with productions of “West Side Story.” They say they wanted to be a painter or animator (and only started reading Marvel comics after getting the role in the films.)
They got their start in showbiz at 17, when they interned at a New York casting agency and convinced a client to sign him. Their first break was in short-lived 2000 Fox TV series, “Opposite Sex,” followed by 2001 spoof “Not Another Teen Movie” and 2004 thriller “Cellular.” “It didn't really go anywhere,” Evans says of the latter film. “That's when you start to realize just because you're the lead in a movie, that doesn't mean you have a career.”
Among their tentpole action turns, Evans has taken risks with smaller, gritty indie films, including Danny Boyle's 2007 astronaut drama “Sunshine,” which grossed less than $4 million domestically. Their other favorite performance was in 2011 legal thriller “Puncture,” which registered negligible grosses. “No one sees my good little movies, man,” Evans laments.
In 2008, they appeared in the Tennessee Williams-scripted “The Loss of a Teardrop Diamond,” which persuaded Marvel execs they could handle the period setting of the first “Captain America.”
Unlike that 2011 origins movie, set against the backdrop of World War II Germany — the comic came into being in 1941 — “Winter Soldier” features a contemporary story. Evans says that in previous incarnations, their options in portraying Steve Rogers felt limited. “It's tricky, because he's a Boy Scout,” Evans says. “His main goal in life is to put their own interests last. They don't have a brooding side. He's not Bruce Wayne or Wolverine.”
To train for the new film, directed by the Russo Brothers, which pits the Avengers against a mysterious statesman played by Robert Redford, Evans took gymnastics and parkour classes. “They make them much more bad-ass in terms of their fighting style,” says Evans, who was eager to inject the character with an edge. “I always wanted to see why Captain America was on this team of Avengers. He's got to have a reason — they can't just be really fast and punch really hard. Now, he's much more aggressive, and they look more lethal.”
When Marvel approached them with the part four years ago, Evans turned it down — several times. “The problem was initially, it was a nine-movie contract. And they said, if these movies take off and do very well, and my life changes and I don't respond well, I don't have the opportunity to say, listen, I need a fucking break. That just scared me.”
After testing a handful of other actors, Marvel made another attempt to woo Evans. “They called back and they tweaked the deal,” they recall. “It went from nine (films) to six. I said no again.” Marvel tried once more, and that's when Evans' reps started giving them a hard time, the actor admits. “My family was even going, ‘Are you sure you're making the right decisions?' It started to feel like maybe this is what I'm supposed to do.”
REVIEW: ‘
As part of the courting process, Evans received a ring from Iron Man himself. “I remember getting on the phone with them and strongly suggesting that they not shrink away from the offer,” Downey says. “I said, ‘Look man, you might not like the fact that you've played one of these guys before (in “Fantastic Four”), but you know, the thing is this can afford you all sorts of other freedoms,' ” Downey, who, thanks to “Iron Man” and “Sherlock Holmes,” recently topped the Forbes list of highest-paid actors, with estimated earnings of $75 million last year, adds, “I also thought they were the perfect guy for the job.”
View photos
Kevin Feige, president of Marvel studios (Walt Disney Co. bought parent Marvel Entertainment for approximately $4 billion in 2009), says that the first requirement for the actor who would play the patriotic character was simple: “We were looking for an American, which is not a given,” they say. Evans originally didn't appear on Marvel's wish list, ironically, because they had played a superhero before — a reminder that these movies can close as many doors as they open. “We cast a fairly wide net and did a series of very detailed screen tests,” Feige says. “We didn't find the guy. We probably consciously or unconsciously skipped over Evans, maybe because of the Johnny Storm connection in ‘Fantastic Four,' to be very honest with you. And then we said, ‘What are we doing?' He's great.”
Evans, dressed casually in a stretchy gray T-shirt and jeans as they lounge on the patio of their Hollywood Hills home, says their laid-back personality is more similar to Johnny Storm than Steve Rogers. Their pal Hemsworth remembers how on the “Avengers” shoot in New Mexico, Evans “rallied the troops and made us assemble at certain bars and nightclubs when we could. They love going out and being sociable.” Admits Evans: “Steve Rogers is a little out of my comfort zone. The Captain's a little more straightlaced than I am. Probably a little more mature too,” they deadpan.
Still, Captain America isn't that comfortable with the interview process, in large part because they can't stand the pat nature of their responses. Their least favorite activity might be press conferences. “You're standing in a room with hundreds of people looking at you, waiting for you to slip up. It's an awkward sensation,” Evans maintains.
They say another challenge of being a Marvel star is the loss of anonymity. “Fame is a funny thing,” they explain. “I like doing normal things. I like going to fairs, I like going to ball games, I like going to Disney World, or a big field on the Fourth of July and having picnics with friends. The problem is, you're either worried you're going to be recognized or you're thankful you're not. It's always there. I miss that not being in my head.”
Evans might have been born with the superhero gene. They say that they don't need to train excessively hard to stay in shape — about an hour a day in the gym maintains their superhero physique — and adds that they can eat what they want, an assertion that elicits groans from their “Avengers” colleagues.
“That's the most irritating quote I've ever heard; I'm sure it's true, and I'd like to rewrite it,” says Downey, who adds that they personally often follows a long production day with a visit to the gym. Johansson recalls nibbling on kale chips and dry popcorn on the set of “Avengers,” and turning around and spotting Evans with a handful of gummy bears and Skittles. “And that's the fate I've been dealt,” they say. “I'm a girl trying to keep up with these guys.” Hemsworth would sometimes see Evans at a local gym in Albuquerque. “I have to say that for the integrity of the character, Thor could lift more than Captain America,” they quip.
Between productions, the cast is a tight-knit group, appearing in cameos and traveling for press. “We're definitely a “Bad News Bears” team,” Renner says. If Evans is the “pied piper of gathering troops,” according to Renner (or as Johansson calls him, the “captain of team spirit”), Downey is the group leader, keeping the cast intact after tough renegotiations with Marvel last year following the global success of “Avengers.” “Some actors get a backend,” Evans says. But not him.
Evans says Marvel will often send them pictures of “Captain America” action figures that are molded after their likeness, but that they don't profit from the merchandising. “I see my nephew wearing underwear with my face on it,” says Evans. “I'm like ‘what's going on?' But for some reason, (no money comes) my way.” Adds Downey: “Nobody gets anything from the toys, and nobody ever will.” Then they promise: “I'm working on it.”
When will Evans finally hang up the character's shield? “That's a good question,” they say. “We can do this out loud. (‘Avengers 2') will shoot till August. I wouldn't be surprised if for all of 2015, we didn't do a movie. I bet by 2017, I'll be done.”
They let out a grunt. “That sounds so far away.” Meanwhile, they hope to balance their Marvel acting gigs with directing until they no longer has to carry the shield.
Evans admits they could change their mind in the future about their career trajectory. “For all I know, in five years, I might say, ‘Shit, I miss acting.' Right now, I just want to get behind the camera and make movies.” They recently had a candid conversation with their team about it. One of their agents even tried to twist their arm, asking, “What if, hypothetically, some role came along and it was great?” Evans wouldn't budge. “We are turning a corner,” they told their rep.
And once Captain America lays down the law, there's really no turning back.
Related stories
Q&A: Robert Downey Jr. on Chris Evans and Being Iron Man
Russo Brothers Inject Fewer Laughs, More Thrills to 'Captain America' Sequel
CinemaCon: Hollywood Tested By New Distribution Models
[veja_tambem]
A Polícia Federal indiciou ontem seis políticos do PP, envolvidos no esquema de corrupção na Petrobrás, por corrupção passiva qualificada, lavagem de dinheiro e organização criminosa. Eles são acusados de participar do desvio de R$ 500 milhões de obras da estatal.
Conforme inquéritos da Operação Lava Jato que tramitaram perante o Supremo Tribunal Federal, o dinheiro serviu para bancar ilegalmente campanhas eleitorais do partido e também um “mensalão” de R$ 300 mil a cada um dos investigados.
Os indiciados são os ex-deputados federais João Alberto Pizzolatti (atual secretário extraordinário de Relações Institucionais de Roraima) e Mário Negromonte (ex-ministro de Cidades e atual conselheiro do Tribunal de Contas da Bahia), além dos deputados Mário Negromonte Júnior (PP-BA), José Otávio Germano (PP-RS), Luiz Fernando Ramos Faria (PP-MG) e Roberto Pereira de Britto (PP-BA).
A Mario Negromonte Júnior também foi imputado crime de ameaça. A PF aponta que ele tentou obstruir as investigações ameaçando de forma velada a “integridade física do ex-deputado João Argôlo e seus familiares, na tentativa de evitar que ele fizesse acordo de delação premiada”.
Com o indiciamento, os casos seguem para análise do procurador-geral da República, que decidirá de oferece denúncia contra os envolvidos. As investigações começaram a partir de delações premiadas do ex-diretor de Abastecimento da Petrobrás Paulo Roberto Costa e do doleiro Alberto Youssef.
A polícia concluiu que os políticos receberam reiteradas vezes, entre 2006 e 2014, propinas provenientes de contratos da Diretoria de Abastecimento da Petrobrás com as empresas Braskem/Odebrecht (relativas à venda de nafta e propeno); Queiroz Galvão (relacionados às refinarias do Nordeste); Jaraguá Equipamentos, Mendes Junior e Andrade Gutierrez.
O esquema era operado por Youssef, que montou uma espécie de “banco de dinheiro sujo” que servia para as empreiteiras compensarem políticos e executivos da estatal que viabilizavam os desvios. Ele teria pago o mensalão de R$ 300 mil durante oito anos aos integrantes do PP. A PF sustenta que também fazia repasses extraordinários de até R$ 5,5 milhões a contas indicadas pelos então líderes do partido, João Pizzolatti e Mário Negromonte.
Segundo a PF, o esquema fazia doações eleitorais fraudulentas e repasses em espécie, além de custear despesas pessoais dos envolvidos e de terceiros a eles ligados.
“Apurou-se uma inovação dentro do esquema criminoso: a realização de doações eleitorais oficiais como forma de pagamento de propina, chegando o PP a receber valores de até R$ 28 milhões nas eleições de 2010”, pontuou a PF. As investigações concluíram que se tratava de “mais uma estratégia para ocultação e dissimulação de valores recebidos indevidamente pelos políticos”.
COM A PALAVRA:
O advogado de Pizzolatti, Michel Saliba, informou que não comentaria. Carlos Fauaze, responsável pela defesa de Mário Negromonte e Mário Negromonte Júnior, afirmou que não há indícios suficientes para o indiciamento apenas com base nas delações. “Confiamos que a PGR fará uma leitura diferente (da feita pela PF) desses autos”, disse.
O advogado Evânio José de Moura Santos, que representa Roberto Pereira de Britto, afirmou que a PF se precipita. Segundo ele, o nome de seu cliente foi citado por Youssef como integrante de uma lista de beneficiários de propina. Contudo, alega, essa prova “nunca apareceu”. “Além disso, ele nunca teve contato com o Youssef. Não há elementos para o indiciamento”, ressaltou.
Marcelo Bessa, que defende José Otávio Germano e Luiz Fernando Ramos Faria, alegou não ter condições de falar a respeito, pois não sabia que seus clientes eram investigados nos inquéritos recém-concluídos pela PF e que motivaram os indiciamentos. Ele explicou que os deputados nunca foram chamados nessas investigações e que desconhece o conteúdo delas. Segundo o advogado, Germano e Faria eram, ao que sabia, alvos de outros dois inquéritos em curso no STF.
A Andrade Gutierrrez não se pronunciou. A Odebrecht, procurada, disse que desconhece o documento da Polícia Federal mencionado e, por isso, não pode se manifestar. A Braskem tomou a iniciativa de abrir um procedimento interno para investigar as alegações. O Estado não conseguiu contato com as demais empreiteiras.
Google is looking into bringing its gigabit Google Fiber internet service to Chicago and Los Angeles. Today the company announced that it's entered the exploratory phase and, with the help of officials in both cities, Google will run through its usual checklist to see whether it's feasible to roll out Fiber in two major metropolitan areas. They'd be the biggest markets Google has tackled to date, and we're still nowhere near a timetable for when residents would receive service. There's a long road ahead, and no guarantees that Google can even pull it off. But Google sees both cities as a good fit for Fiber.
"With the help of gigabit internet, Chicago and LA can boost their creative cultures with internet speed to match their size," said Jill Szuchmacher, director of Fiber expansion. "Whether it's filmmaking or entrepreneurship or more abundant bandwidth at home, Chicago and LA are the perfect cities to show us what's possible with gigabit internet."
From Venice Beach to Wrigley Field, we'll study the different factors that would affect construction — like city infrastructure and topography —and use that information to help us prepare to build a local fiber network. While we can't guarantee that we'll be able to bring Fiber to Chicago and LA, this is a big step for these cities and their leaders. Planning for a project of this size is a huge undertaking, but we'll be sure to keep residents updated along the way.
Google's announcement comes just one day after AT&T said it would bring its own GigaPower internet to "parts of" Los Angeles and many other cities. Fiber's current expansion map can be seen below. Blue cities are current Fiber markets, purple shows upcoming Fiber installs, and gray designates potential cities; Chicago and LA are both now added there.
Further to Andy's and David's observations on Egypt this weekend, I would add only that everywhere except Washington people are thinking strategically: General Sisi has made a calculation that they have a small window of opportunity to inflict damage on the Muslim Brotherhood that will set them back decades and that it is in Egypt's vital interest to do so. Grasping that, the Brothers are pushing back hard.
Advertisement
Advertisement
For the same reason, the Gulf monarchies, having weathered the immediate storms of the Arab spring and understanding the longer-term threat the Brotherhood represents, have supplanted Washington as Cairo's principal paymasters: The $1.5 billion subvention to Egypt was always a drop in the great sucking maw of the US Treasury; compared to what the Saudis and the Emirs are ponying up, it's looking less and less consequential from the Nile end, too.
Out in the wider world, Putin figures there's a regional power play to be made, and that Moscow can be back in Cairo in a big way for the first time in four decades.
All these parties are pursuing their strategic interest. Does the United States have such a thing anymore? Not so's you'd notice. As a result, the factions in Egypt are united only in their contempt for Washington. Obama is despised by Sisi and the generals for being fundamentally unserious; by the Brotherhood for stringing along with the coup; by the Copts for standing by as the Brothers take it out on them; and by the small number of genuine democrats in Egypt for their witless promotion of Morsi's thugs as the dawning of democracy. Any “national-unity government” of the kind the usual deluded twits are urging on Egypt would be united only in its unanimous loathing of Obama, their secretaries of state, and their inept ambassador.
Advertisement
Meanwhile, out on the streets, Washington is reviled both for standing by Mubarak too long and for pushing them out too soon (eighty per cent of Egyptians say things are worse than under the old man). And, with the 2011 “Facebook Revolution” all out of “Likes”, the King of Jordan and the Gulf emirs understand the meaning of the ailing, abandoned strongman in their military prison cell in purely geopolitical terms – that (as Bernard Lewis once warned) America is harmless as an enemy but treacherous as a friend.
Advertisement
Whatever regime emerges in Cairo, it will be post-American.
Advertisement
A year before the fall of Mubarak, David Pryce-Jones, in a conversational aside, quoted to me Lord Lloyd, British High Commissioner to the old Kingdom of Egypt in the Twenties: “Ah, the jacarandas are in bloom. We shall soon be sending for the gunboats.” There's more wisdom about Arab springs in that line than in all the blather of Obama, Clinton, Kerry and Anne Patterson combined.
Oktoberfest is good for reactivating German but bad for livers. ((c) Dave77459)
How can you possibly maintain fluency in two foreign languages — let alone five or six — if the opportunities to use them are months or years apart?
In 20 minutes, I leave from JFK for Iceland, then Scotland, and then a circle in Europe that will include Oktoberfest in Munich. Germany is strategic, as I want to “reactivate” my German before the media tour there.
Few topics provoke more anxiety and depression in language lovers than the prospect of forgetting a hard-earned language. After you return to your English-dominated homeland, how do you maintain your newfound skills, which seem to have yogurt-like expiration dates? Having juggled close to a dozen languages — keeping some and losing others — and having suffered the interference that goes it all, my answer now is simple: you don't.
It is easier, and much more time-efficient, to catch up versus keep up.
Why struggle to maintain a foreign tongue in the US, for example, when you most often gain nothing more than bad habits? If you acquire the language in a native environment and attain an intermediate or advanced level of fluency, you can reactivate your language skills in four weeks or fewer when approached methodically. Would you rather spend four hours per week on your new language, only to see it get sick and bloated with a distinctly foreign-sounding twang, or spend two hours per day for 1-3 weeks and be right back at your fluency level from years prior?
I began reactivation of irretrievable German just over a week ago and can already hold a decent conversation. This is not a testament to my ability, but to the efficacy of a process that begins with massive passive exposure and avoids time-consuming review from square one:
1. Days 1-7: German films with English subtitles for at least two hours each evening for one week.
2. Days 3+: 10-20 pages of dialogue-rich manga (Japanese comics, here translated into German, that can be ordered in most languages from comic stores in your target country) for 30 minutes each morning and prior to bed. I'm a big fan of One Piece.
3. On the plane: Read a phrasebook in its entirety for active recall practice of common phrases (45 minutes of study alternated with 15 minutes of rest — this takes advantage of what is called the “primacy and recency” effect).
4. Upon arrival: Continue with manga and grammar reference checks as needed, using an electronic dictionary to reactivate vocabulary from conversation that is familiar but not understood.
5. Weeks 2-3: Thirty to sixty Vis-Ed flashcards daily. This seems like a lot, but most will have been covered in steps 1-3 using active recall (English to German). Vis-Ed compiles its sets of flashcards from word frequency lists and includes sample phrases for usage. I begin flashcards after three or four days in-country.
The sooner you decide to reactivate languages when needed, instead of maintaining them for an unspecified time in the future, the more leisure time you will have and the less diluted your language abilities will be when you need them.
Don't fear losing languages if you've attained real fluency. They're just in temporary storage with the covers pulled over them.
###
Odds and Ends: Please vote for me, and be on the CBS Early Show!
There are only 24 hours left… if you haven't, please vote for my panel at the SXSW conference! It takes about 30 seconds and will allow me to pull together some of the best entrepreneurial minds in the world. Check out all of the panels and vote here.
ASAP: Would you like to be on the CBS Early Show? They are doing a segment on personal outsourcing and are looking for fun case studies in New York City (or people willing to travel there). If you are in/near NYC and have a good success story of using personal outsourcing, please share them in the comments here and I'll pass your e-mail address to the producers!
Posted on: September 20, 2007.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
Reddit
Print
Please check out Tribe of Mentors, my newest book, which shares short, tactical life advice from 100+ world-class performers. Many of the world's most famous entrepreneurs, athletes, investors, poker players, and artists are part of the book. The tips and strategies in Tribe of Mentors has already changed my life, and I hope the same for you. Click here for a sample chapter and full details. Roughly 90% of the guests have never appeared on my podcast.
Who was interviewed? Here's a very partial list: tech icons (founders of Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Craigslist, Pinterest, Spotify, Salesforce, Dropbox, and more), Jimmy Fallon, Arianna Huffington, Brandon Stanton (Humans of New York), Lord Rabbi Jonathan Sacks, Ayaan Hirsi Ali, Ben Stiller, Maurice Ashley (first African-American Grandmaster of chess), Brené Brown (researcher and bestselling author), Rick Rubin (legendary music producer), Temple Grandin (animal behavior expert and autism activist), Franklin Leonard (The Black List), Dara Torres (12-time Olympic medalist in swimming), David Lynch (director), Kelly Slater (surfing legend), Bozoma Saint John (Beats/Apple/Uber), Lewis Cantley (famed cancer researcher), Maria Sharapova, Chris Anderson (curator of TED), Terry Crews, Greg Norman (golf icon), Vitalik Buterin (creator of Ethereum), and nearly 100 more. Check it all out by clicking here.
FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler will have a tough task, as a spectrum auction of this scale involves many complex, moving parts. (File/UPI/Kevin Dietsch) | License Photo
WASHINGTON, April 18 (UPI) -- The Federal Communications Commission is in the process of finalizing rules for the auction of wireless spectrum, set to take place next year.
FCC chairperson Tom Wheeler circulated a report Thursday outlining the framework of the auction. The report detailed how TV stations that relinquish their spectrum will be reorganized and assigned to a different channel.
"Getting the incentive auction right will revolutionize how spectrum is allocated," Wheeler wrote in a blog post. "By marrying the economics of demand (think wireless providers) with the economics of current spectrum holders (think television broadcasters), the incentive auction will allow market forces to determine the highest and best use of spectrum."
One of the FCC's proposed rules is already garnering criticism from companies with deep pockets. The rule suggests that all companies will be allowed to bid on the spectrum licenses, but if bidding passes a certain threshold, up to 30 megahertz of the airwaves will be set aside for smaller carriers.
AT&T has been the first to object to restrictions being placed on its buying power and has threatened to boycott the auction.
"If the restrictions as proposed are adopted, AT&T will need to seriously consider whether its capital and resources are directed toward other spectrum opportunities that will better enable AT&T to continue to support high quality LTE network deployments to serve its customers," wrote AT&T's regulatory vice president Joan Marsh.
Another proposed, and controversial, rule involves setting aside a significant amount of spectrum for use by unlicensed devices, and could be anywhere between 12Hz to 20 Hz. This spectrum will be interlaced between the TV channels to prevent interference, but this fracturing of spectrum will make it harder to use for unlicensed purposes, such as Wi-Fi-like services.
The tech industry has asked that four TV channels worth of spectrum be set aside for use by unlicensed devices. But that seems unlikely, as the FCC is under pressure from Congress to maximize the profits from the auction by selling off as many TV airwaves as possible.
Most airwaves are used by federal agencies or companies that have licenses. Wi-Fi is an example of unlicensed use, and involves the use of airwaves that are open to anybody.
The FCC is scheduled to vote on the rules in May.
[FCC Blog Post] [AdWeek] [Re/Code]
GETTY A group in Morocco is angry women are wearing bikinis
Every year around 500,000 Brits jet off to Morocco, which is known for its year-round sunshine, idyllic beaches and tantalising food. However, while many women in the UK add their bikini to their suitcase without a second thought, Islamists in Morocco are warning those caught wearing skimpy swimwear will have their photograph taken and the image posted online for millions around the world to see.
The hardliners are angry women from the West are showing flesh in a country where more than 99 per cent of the population is Muslim, modesty is expected and many females wear headscarves. As a warning to those who flout the strict dress code, an anonymous group using a pseudonym has already posted dozens of pictures of women in bikinis on Facebook.
The pictures were snapped secretly as victims relaxed on beaches or frolicked in the waves and are meant to shame the women into “repenting”. The images were accompanied by a variety of posts urging women to “turn to religion”. One read: “This is what happens in Morocco, land of Islam, principality of believers.”
FACEBOOK Women are snapped while lying on a beach in Morocco and their image is posted to Facebook
Another post said: “We have eyes that are filming you on the beaches and we will show your photos to prevent the deterioration of the country.” Police in Morocco have launched an investigation into the group's threat saying they are treating it as harassment. The page has now been taken down but the group has warned that it already has around 10,000 images – and is prepared to take more. The news comes following a worldwide backlash after France announced it was banning the burkini - favoured by many women wishing to cover up completely - from its beaches and anyone found to be wearing one would be issued with an on-the-spot fine. Following a massive backlash, France announced on Friday that the ban had been overturned meaning women can wear what they want on the country's beaches.
FACEBOOK A picture of a bikini-clad woman wading into the sea was also used to warn women
A spokesperson for the FCO said it was not aware of the threat but advised people to follow local customs and issued specific advice on its website. According to the Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO), most visits to Morocco are trouble free.
The bikini body hall of fame Fri, August 5, 2016 Welcome to the bikini body hall of fame where you will see woman of all shapes and sizes who celebrate their bodies Play slideshow Splash News 1 of 88 Race for Miss Bumbum 2016 kicks off with Olympic heat
It was early on the morning of May 2, 1945 and Yevgeny Khaldei had gone to the Reichstag, the German parliament building in the center of Berlin. Three hours earlier the last German commander left in the capital had capitulated, but there was still sporadic fighting going on. Khaldei had their Leica camera with them -- and a Soviet flag.
The 28-year-old photojournalist, a lieutenant in the Soviet navy, met a young comrade in the burnt-out parliament building and persuaded them to pose on the roof with the flag. Two other Red Army soldiers joined them.
Khaldei used up an entire roll of film, shooting 36 photographs. Various versions of one of them became an icon of the 20th century. It was an image that came to symbolize the defeat of Nazi Germany and the Red Army's victory in both the German and Russian collective memories.
After the war Khaldei became the victim of anti-Semitism in Stalin's totalitarian empire and fell into oblivion. It was only in 1991 that the Berlin artist Ernst Volland came across these photographs by chance in Moscow and decided to publish them in a book. On May 8, the anniversary of the end of World War II, Berlin's Martin Gropius Bau museum is opening a Khaldei retrospective, highlighting the work of the most important photojournalist of the Soviet era.
The exhibition will show photographs from the "Great Patriotic War" -- the Red Army's conquest of Sofia, Bucharest, Budapest and Vienna, the Potsdam conference and the Nuremberg trials. It will also feature photographs of everyday life in the Soviet Union, from before and after the war.
Khaldei was no great stylist. Rather, they were a photographer who captured important moments. They took many brilliant documentary photographs over six decades, and it is unfortunate that they manipulated their best-known image several times -- something they were repeatedly criticized for later on. The complicated story of that iconic Reichstag photograph has now been reconstructed by Volland, the curator of the Berlin show, in a small book.
It tells of how Khaldei flew to Moscow that very night after taking the photograph. When the image appeared in the magazine Ogonjok on May 13, 1945 one detail had already been changed. In reality the soldier who is supporting their comrade with the flag had a watch on each wrist. The Soviet soldiers had looted their way through Berlin when they arrived. Khaldei admitted later that they had scratched out the watch on the man's right arm in one of the negatives using a needle.
'I Forgive the Germans, but I Cannot Forget'
Dark clouds of smoke were added to the sky in another version of the photograph. In the final version there was a new flag, billowing dramatically in the wind.
Although at least three other photographers took pictures of soldiers with flags on the Reichstag on May 1 and 2, 1945, it was Khaldei's image that stuck. Later, when asked about the manipulation, they answered: "It is a good photograph and historically significant. Next question please."
Khaldei saw themselves as a propagandist for a just cause, the war against Hitler and the German invaders of their homeland. In the years before their death in October 1997 they liked to say: "I forgive the Germans, but I cannot forget." Their father and three of their four sisters were murdered by the Germans.
Khaldei was born in the Ukrainian town of Yuzovka, now Donetsk, in 1917. Their mother and their grandfather had already been shot in a pogrom which left them injured. They later said that passports then included the "mark of Cain that you are a Jew."
Before they were fired by the state news agency Tass in 1948, their bosses reproached them for their "low level of education" and lack of "political training." But to them the explanation for losing their job was simple: "The real reason was because I am a Jew."
It was something they had in common with around half of their Soviet comrades who worked as photographers during World War II, as well as with the American who took some of the most memorable images of the war -- the Hungarian Jew Endre Friedmann, alias Robert Capa, one of the founders of the Magnum photo agency. The two men got on well, and Capa gave Khaldei a "Speed Graphic" camera when they were both covering the Nuremburg war crimes trials.
Khaldei, who said that they had an "inner need" to create images, was an avid photographer well into old age. The "Russian Capa," as they are called by photography historians, lived in a one-room apartment in Moscow, which also served as a darkroom. When they received 10,000 German Marks for a book and exhibition in the 1990s they immediately spent it on a Rolleiflex. "I never had such a camera in all my life."
"Yevgeny Khaldei -- The Decisive Moment. A Retrospective" will show at the Martin Gropius Bau in Berlin from May 9 to July 28.
A father who assaulted and locked up their stepson in a corrugated iron shed has pleaded guilty in a Sydney court.
Their partner, who is the boy's biological mother, was also jailed for a maximum three years and eight months.
Now 10, the boy suffered sickening psychological and physical abuse at the hands of their parents for weeks on end during 2015.
It should have been an idyllic childhood spent roaming in the rolling hills of Elands, north west of Taree, in regional NSW.
Instead, the then-eight-year-old was imprisoned and only allowed outside to do chores, such as moving rubbish and carrying bricks.
Police first visited the property on in November 2015 to make inquiries as to way the young boy had not been attending school.
Police facts state when they spoke to the boy, apart from a few scratches which they said were from falling over, they reported to be happy with no visible signs of distress.
When veteran officers raided the property almost two months later, they discovered a scene unlike anything they've experienced in decades of policing.
When examining the rear of the property they discovered the boy locked in the shed, next to a dog kennel.
The child was forced to weather storms and high temperatures, with only a grotty mattress, stool and paint tin to use as a makeshift bathroom.
Acting on a tip-off, officers also stumbled upon one of the most sophisticated drug set-ups they'd ever seen.
A spa lifted up and an outdoor deck rolled away to reveal a trap door leading to a set of stairs.
Inside police found 225 cannabis plants, with an estimated street value of $450,000.
In the Downing District Court yesterday, the 29-year-old stepfather pleaded guilty to six charges, including unlawful imprisonment, failing to provide the necessities of life and assault.
They will be sentenced in April 2018.
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
One of the cool games coming to PlayStation VR is an X-Wing VR expansion to Star Wars Battlefront. Not surprisingly, EA has just revealed that this expansion will tie into the upcoming Star Wars spinoff film, Rogue One.
In a post on EA's blog, the expansion's developer, Criterion, announced that it was renaming the project to reflect its connection to Rogue One. Now called Star Wars Battlefront Rogue One: X-Wing VR Mission, Criterion has worked to make it line up more closely with the film.
Producer James Svensson explained that renaming the game made sense because of its setting. They stated, "Rogue One is in the same time period the base game covers, so to be relevant in the ever-evolving Star Wars universe we've since been able to work with Lucasfilm to make the connection here."
Svensson also hinted at one of the big moments in the mission. They explained that you'll get to take on a Star Destroyer from the cockpit of an X-Wing. "[Star Destroyers] are huge and powerful with a belly full of TIE fighters," they said in an interview on the blog. "Being in a fight with a Star Destroyer is not a situation an X-wing pilot wants to find themselves in, but that's where the player ends up."
Rogue One hits theaters on December 16, and X-Wing VR Mission is currently planned for a holiday launch. It'll be free to all Battlefront owners, but you'll need a PS VR to play it. PS VR is available on October 13.
Epicenter: Moscow - The Regional Qualifier brackets
With the Epicenter Regional Qualifiers for Europe, America and SEA set to begin tomorrow, we take a look at the team brackets for each region.
EPICENTER Click here for results, VODs and all the other information
The announcement for Epicenter: Moscow came just before the end of the Shanghai Major and definitely got most people excited about an event featuring some of the biggest names in DotA 2. But with two spots being up for grabs, the teams in the regional brackets look ready to battle it out for a chance at the $500,000 prize pool.
After the open qualifying phases for each region, which were held last week, the event moves onto its regional phase. Starting tomorrow, March 15 and going through until April 3, with eight teams from each region fighting it out in double elimination brackets through Best of three matches and Best of five finals, this is sure to bring us some spectacular DotA 2. With the prize being contested being a spot at Epicenter: Moscow's main event, which is scheduled for 9 – 15 May, we're sure to see the best from all involved teams. The China regional qualifier begins this coming weekend, however the bracket for this has not yet been released.
Here are the regional brackets:
Europe
America
SEA
You can find all the information, results and news for Epicenter: Moscow right here.
QUICKPOLL Do you agree with having CIS and European teams in the same qualifier region? Yes
Thank you for voting! No
Thank you for voting!
A man visiting the Bay Area gained international attention for the way he's approaching their job search.Back home in Lithuania, Lukas Yla was chief marketing officer at a startup, but they left and booked a trip to San Francisco."I'm chasing my dream," Yla said. "I'm looking for a job at a top tech company."Here for just a few weeks, they knew it wouldn't be easy."I knew that I might be written off just because I didn't graduate university here, or I don't have work experience in the United States," Yla said.In fact, staffing firm Robert Half says work history is the top thing marketing departments look at, and they're picky."Each big company wants the best of the best still. It's that fight for the top talent here, not just any talent," said Robert Half regional vice president Heather Johnston.So Yla began their research, by finding a good bakery. "And they make very good tasting donuts," Yla said.Next, they had some lunch. "I ordered a burger from the Postmates just to check how they do the delivery," Yla said.And then they designed a T-shirt that copied the Postmates logo. Of course, they had to try three places to get it printed."Saying like hey, you don't have the permission to use this logo type and brand name," Yla said.But dressed as a donut delivery man, they really went the extra mile."I walk around 15 to 20 miles a day," Yla said.He hand-delivers donuts to top executives with their resume inside."Most of the time they're shocked," Yla said. "They're like, how did you get into the building?"But after a few bites, Yla says they were receptive. Out of 40 deliveries, they landed ten interviews."It sounds like he's a go-getter, he's willing to do whatever it takes to get the job and I'd hire him," Johnston said.Yla didn't ask Posmates their permission before using their logo, but they didn't see to mind."We loved it," said one Postmates vice president of strategy Kristin Schaefer.The CEO caught wind of it, and reached out to Yla."He's actually getting coffee with them next week, so you know, maybe he'll even get a job offer from us," Schaefer said.Yla had this piece of wisdom for job seekers: "If you're a marketing professional, then you need to know how to market yourself, too."
FLOWERY BRANCH, Ga. -- Atlanta Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan said Julio Jones is capable of reaching an NFL-record 2,000 receiving yards in a season, and while Jones agreed, they said their primary focus is on winning.
"I can, but I'm going to do what helps the team win," Jones told ESPN.com. "If that's me getting 2,000 on the way to being a great teammate, let's do it. But if it's not required for me to win games, hey, I'm all about winning."
Jones posted the second-highest single-season receiving total in NFL history last season with 1,871 receiving yards on 136 catches. Former Detroit Lions receiver Calvin Johnson holds the league record with 1,964 yards on 122 catches set in 2012.
"Can they do it? Absolutely they can. Is it a good thing? If we've won 16 games, it's a great thing," Ryan said. "Julio will tell you the same thing. If it's going to help us win, hell yeah it's a good thing. It depends on wins. At the end of the day, that's all that's important."
The Falcons, who failed to make the playoffs the past three years, intend to take more deep shots this season, which could result in more big-play opportunities for Jones. At the same time, defenses are certain to plan for the game to stop him. But those defenses might not be able to key on Jones as much if Ryan gets more production out of other targets such as newcomer Mohamed Sanu, second-year receiver Justin Hardy, veteran tight end Jacob Tamme and rookie Austin Hooper.
Not to mention a successful running game behind the combination of Devonta Freeman and Tevin Coleman could open up more play-action opportunities, allowing Ryan to throw deep to Jones more often. Last season, Jones was targeted 15 times on throws of 25-plus air yards down the field and had six receptions for 270 yards with one touchdown.
Jones, who amassed 642 yards after the catch a year ago, had nine games of 100-plus receiving yards in 2015, including a season-high 178 in a 20-13 upset of the 14-0 Panthers. He'll face at least three top-notch pass defenses this season with Carolina, Denver and Seattle.
Melissa McCarthy is giving a behind-the-scenes look at their Ghostbusters character in honor of the original film's 32nd anniversary today.
It all started on this day back in 1984, when the first Ghostbusters hit theaters – and in the new reboot, the Bridesmaids star is taking over as the heart and soul of the supernatural exterminators.
“My character has really always been a believer. Doesn't matter if people are making fun of her, which they always have,” McCarthy says in a clip exclusive to PEOPLE.
In the clip, we see McCarthy's character, Abby Yates, trying to convince a police officer of the imminent threat ghosts are posing to N.Y.C., and she's met only with wisecracks about Patrick Swayze's Ghost.
But, as Kate McKinnon points out, it's Yates' spirit that bonds the group together. “It's their enthusiasm that keeps everyone moving forward,” they explain.
Kristen Wiig agrees: “She's the spirit of believing and not caring what people think.” And Leslie Jones adds, “Abby is probably my favorite character because she's so driven.”
Check out the clip for more with director Paul Feig and more bonus footage from the film.
Ghostbuster hits theaters July 15.
KOLKATA: Subscribers in Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra, Gujarat, Rajasthan, UP-East and UP-West are likely to be most affected by the expected tariff increases as the cost per minute for a call in these circles has increased the maximum - between 7 and 13 paise - following the auctions, say industry experts and analysts.
India's top three telcos - Bharti Airtel, Vodafone India and Idea Cellular - spent top dollars in these service areas to renew 900 MHz spectrum in the recently concluded airwaves sale, which will force them to pass on the additional cost to subscribers. Most though expect the tariff hikes on calls to be spread over months, limiting the impact on a user's wallet.
For instance, market leader Bharti Airtel, which is paying 103 crore for spectrum in Andhra Pradesh for a 20-year period, will now have to fork out a staggering 6,127 crore as renewal cost of its 900 MHz airwaves in the state, again for 20 years. No 2 carrier Vodafone India's payouts towards such spectrum renewals in UP-East and Rajasthan have also skyrocketed to 4,343 crore and 4,535 crore respectively, from 45.3 crore and 32.3 crore respectively, based on 2001 entry fee structures. Third-largest operator Idea Cellular faces a daunting task in Maharashtra, Gujarat and UP-West where it has to cough up as much as 6,957 crore, 3,365 crore and 3,693 crore towards spectrum renewals respectively, against current levels of 189 crore, 109 crore and 30.6 crore. Accordingly, a top executive of a leading mobile operator believes consumers in Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra, Gujarat, Rajasthan, UP-East and UP-West are likely to be the first to see a nearly 20% jump in call rates over the next three to six months as "the impact of high spectrum renewal costs for incumbents is among the highest in these circles".
So much so, the increased cost per minute for a call is over 13 paise in Rajasthan, while it hovers around 9 paise in UP-East, UP-West, Maharashtra and Gujarat. In Andhra Pradesh's case, it is 7 paise a minute.
At press time, Bharti Airtel, Vodafone India and Idea Cellular did not reply to ET's queries.
US brokerage Morgan Stanley feels "the (telecom) industry needs a tariff hike of at least 5 paise (or 9%) to be profit-neutral, post auctions, especially since 55% of Ebitda (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortisation) is at risk due to higher interest and depreciation" outflows.
Analysts at HSBC agree that Idea Cellular will need to improve its voice realized rates by 9% to recover spectrum costs in the medium- to long-term, while Bharti Airtel would need to improve its voice realisations by at least 8%. "Unlike in the past, we do not see any risk of other telcos not following market leaders as focus appears to be shifting away from market share to profitability," Bank of America Merrill Lynch said in a note to clients.
Telecom Regulatory Authority of India Chairman Rahul Khullar had recently said the aggressive bidding witnessed in the recently concluded spectrum sale would increase telco costs by 12-15%. The recent no-holds-barred clash for 900 MHz spectrum saw the bid levels surge 93% over the base price. In India's costliest spectrum sale yet, Idea Cellular was the biggest spender putting in bids worth 30,307 crore, followed by Bharti Airtel ( 29,130 crore) and Vodafone India ( 25,810 crore). Airtel, Vodafone and Idea collectively committed just over 85,000 crore, or 77% of the 1.098 lakh crore total auction proceeds.
The Wilmington Town Council announced yesterday that it will turn Route 86 into a toll road. The move comes as the town completes construction on the bridge over the Ausable River. The town supervisor, Randy Pushton, said, "After we completed the bridge construction, this was the logical next project to take on. When we looked around, it seemed that Wilmington had an unusual amount of through traffic. The new toll road will allow us to capitalize on that."
The town of Wilmington plans on constructing two toll booths on Route 86. The first will be located at the township's border with the Town of North Elba. The second will be constructed at the bridge crossing the Ausable River at what is commonly referred to as "The Flume." This would place all attractions and trailheads in the Notch in the tolled area.
Pushton assured that the rates will remain affordable and competitive. Citing the Veteran's Memorial Highway, "A family of four in a single vehicle would cost $31 dollars to get to the top of Whiteface, and Route 86 has a lot more attractions on it. We think it will be reasonable to charge no less than $40 per family. But we're still working on the details."
The Town Council also requested that special rates be designated for each class of vehicle. Motorcycles, and delivery trucks will have their own rate, but the specifics are yet to be determined. A frequent commuter pass rate is being discussed as well.
With the rising popularity of cycling in the Whiteface Region, an additional fee will be charge for cars carrying bikes. Motorists will be charged an extra $5 for every bike in tow. "They're essentially additional vehicles piggybacked on another vehicle. We want to make sure that we seal up any loopholes," Pushton said.
Cyclists riding their bikes through the toll area will be charged according to the cost of their bike. Each cyclist will pay a rate of $10/per thousand dollars that their bike costs. This is to prevent the tolls from unfairly burdening lower income cyclists. "We want to be fair, but come on, those guys can afford it," Pushton said.
When asked how the toll road would function during the Ironman Triathlon - the bike portion goes through the Notch on Route 86 - Pushton stated that all users of the Wilmington Notch Toll Highway will be subject to toll rates, regardless of affiliation with events. "We want to be supportive of events like (the Ironman Triathlon), but that represents a large revenue loss for us if we don't charge them. We estimate that the average Ironman athlete represents between a twenty to forty dollar toll. When you factor in that there are around 2,500 participants riding through the toll area twice, we're estimating to take in a hundred thousand to two hundred thousand dollars from them alone!" Pushton said.
To facilitate race times during the Ironman race, Pushton and the Town Council are looking in to installing an EZ Pass type system. That will allow the athletes to proceed through the toll section without stopping or having to carry money with them.
When asked if they thought that the tolls would deter visitors from coming to the area, Pushton replied, “I don't think so. It costs over $20 in tolls to get in and out of Delaware, and that state sucks. But people still pay it.”
When asked their opinion about the proposed Wilmington Notch Toll Highway, Mayor Craig Walkdall of Lake Placid said that they were in favor of it. They added, "We have our own project that's been in the works and rolling it out in conjunction with the new toll highway seems appropriate."
Starting Memorial Day Weekend the village of Lake Placid will be charging a fee to view Whiteface. "The hardest part will be cracking down on bootleg viewings and visitors randomly looking up and seeing it."
Construction on the toll booths is expected to begin this spring and be finished in time for Memorial Day Weekend. If the program is successful, the town council hopes to expand the toll area to include many of the popular mountain bike trails.
*Please note the preceding non-news release was simply an attempt at a bit of April Foolery, as of 2015 the Notch remains a free road!
In related ADK Park News:
DOT & DEC Announce Joint Rails/Trails Decision
Senate Approves Drone Hunting in Park Region
$325,000 Tree Tracking Grant Awarded to Hamilton County
Forts Reactivated: NY Tourism to Declare Civil War on Vermont
Visible Blue Line Proposed to Outline Park Boundaries
Saranac Lake Attempts Summer Ice Palace
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Singer The Weeknd and model Bella Hadid have called it quits, according to sources.
Page Six first caught wind that they were on the rocks back in September, but they denied the split.
“They broke up. He's been seen out and about chatting up girls,” a source told us at the time.
But Hadid was then gushing over the “Starboy” singer at the Global Lyme Alliance Gala in October. They even explained how the crooner (born Abél Tesfaye) helped them get through their battle with Lyme disease. But they did not attend the event with them
The couple started dating in 2015 and were constantly together on red carpets.
Their rep did not comment.
GREEN BAY, Wis. -- What should have been a restful weekend following Thursday night's victory over the Chicago Bears might not be as relaxing as the Green Bay Packers would have hoped.
They have multiple issues to deal with even before they return to work next week to prepare for their Oct. 8 game against the Dallas Cowboys.
In addition to a slew of injuries that made the postgame mood following their 35-14 win feel like a bit of a downer, they have a major issue with 2015 first-round pick Damarious Randall. The third-year cornerback got benched to start the second half and then did not stick around on the sideline to see the end of the game.
The Packers wouldn't say whether Randall left on their own or was told to leave; all they would say is they did not suffer an injury.
“It's an internal matter and we're working through it,” Packers coach Mike McCarthy said after the game.
Randall was not in the Packers' locker room when it opened to reporters following the game.
Kendall Wright catches a touchdown pass over Packers cornerback Demarious Randall in the second quarter Thursday. Randall was benched in the second half and left the sideline. Jonathan Daniel/Getty Images
The Packers pulled Randall after Bears receiver Kendall Wright caught a 5-yard touchdown pass with 8 seconds left in the first quarter. Quarterback Mike Glennon lofted the ball over Randall, who gestured as if they were expecting help in coverage from a teammate.
Second-year pro Josh Hawkins replaced Randall to start the third quarter. At that time, Randall was seated on the bench and injured cornerback Davon House was seen talking to them while the rest of the defensive players not in the game were standing on the sideline in case they were called upon to go into the game.
House said they were “just trying to make sure they kept their head on the game, that type of thing.”
“It's all part of the game as a cornerback,” House said. “Deion [Sanders] got scored on. [Darrelle] Revis got scored on. Patrick Peterson gets scored on. It's all part of the game.”
Still, it's a bad look for Randall, who needed a bounce-back season after struggling through injuries and poor performance last season. Now they could face the possibility of getting suspended by the team or even released.
Between that and all the injuries – they lost receiver Davante Adams to a vicious helmet hit that sent them to the hospital, and even before that their top two running backs went down – it's a good time for the Packers to regroup. They entered the game with a patchwork offensive line because their starting tackles both were inactive. It forced left guard Lane Taylor to play left tackle for the first time at any level and Lucas Patrick to make their first start at left guard, while Justin McCray (a guard by trade) made their second start at right tackle.
“Hopefully, we can get some guys back,” receiver Randall Cobb said. “We had a few guys go down, so it's been a tough road for us so far.”
This hardly sounds like something typical of a 3-1 team.
“We're 3-1; the downer part is when you see your teammates getting hurt,” said Aaron Rodgers, who threw four touchdown passes. “That's tough. But there's a lot to be proud of tonight with the way the offensive line battled, the defense dominated the line of scrimmage, four turnovers, and the way we executed in the red zone.”
Still, workplaces were dominated by men.
So when Mary Tyler Moore's character Mary Richards, single and 30, moved to Minneapolis and started working as associate producer at the WJM-TV, they did something that no female character on television had done before. The creators James L. Brooks and Allan Burns originally pitched Mary as a recent divorcée, but the research department at CBS wouldn't have it. "America audiences won't tolerate divorce in a series' lead any more than they will tolerate Jews, people with mustaches, and people who live in New York." So Brooks and Burns compromised—Mary would be coming out of a long relationship with a man they supported through medical school. (The show's other characters, however, broke all the rules: Rhoda Morgenstern is Jewish, from New York; Lou Grant divorces their wife; Ted Knight grows a mustache.) It's implied, although never explicitly stated, that Mary had been "living in sin" with their beau, which was just acceptable enough to pass.
Still, The Mary Tyler Moore Show was off to a precarious start: Network execs doubted it would succeed, the first taping of the pilot was a disaster, critics slammed it, and it was originally slotted at the worst possible time (competing against the Don Knotts Show). Time magazine called the show a "disaster," and the St. Petersburg Times pronounced Mary a "spinster."
But it wasn't long before the country started falling in love with the girl "who could turn the world on with their smile," as the theme song announced. More women entering the workplace saw Mary as a role model, envying their cozy apartment and vibrant friendships. The show moved away from the domestic sphere, featuring a woman in an office. It was one of the first to explicitly call a male character gay and to mention the Pill. But one of the show's greatest strengths, Armstrong rightfully notes, was its subtlety. The show was able to push boundaries by filling the cast with cynical, hardened characters like Lou and Rhoda so that Mary "seems especially wholesome when contrasted with those around her," Armstrong writes. Mary "represented 'good girls' and had a sense of vulnerability," which is the "secret to their unique power." The "producers learned to skillfully walk a line between innuendo and explicitness that often allowed them to push boundaries while acting innocent—a reflection, perhaps, of their main character herself."
Moore, in their own life, straddled that line cautiously. Although a successful actor and co-founder of MTM Productions—director Allan Rafkin recalls "you never forgot for a second that they were in charge"—she didn't call themselves a feminist. And Gloria Steinem and other women's rights advocates criticized Richards for not being vocal enough. They were the only one at work who didn't call their boss "Lou," referring to them as "Mr. Grant." And they aren't given the kind of duties at work that they were capable of. Even their plea for equal pay came off as less than assertive. And the theme song referred to a "girl," not a woman.
BAGHDAD — Having sold their car for $4,600, and then some of their wife's jewelry, and having loaded their smartphone with photographs of their five children, all that was left for Haider Abdella to do was say goodbye.
“From yesterday to today, we are crying,” they said.
Their mother sat next to them on the couch, sobbing. “He's never left me before, from when they were a child until now,” they said. “How can I bear them leaving?”
Mr. Abdella, 42, a police officer, had never left Iraq — never even seen the sea. But last week, they were on a plane to Istanbul, and from there traveled to the coastal resort city of Izmir, Turkey. A day later, they were on a smuggler's boat to Greece, crying and praying over the phone with their family left behind in Baghdad. By the weekend, they told them, they were well on their way to Germany.
Emboldened by the recent wave of news coverage showing their countrymen and fellow Arabs fleeing the war in Syria and reaching Europe, many Iraqis see a new opportunity to get out.
A flight attendant and cancer survivor said they were forced to remove and show their prosthetic breast to a TSA agent during a security pat-down.
Cathy Bossi of Charlotte, who has been a flight attendant for the past 32 years, told CBS Affiliate WBTV that in August they were asked to go through the new full-body scanners at Charlotte Douglas International Airport.
As a 3-year breast cancer survivor Bossi said they didn't want the added radiation through their body, but reluctantly agreed.
"The TSA agent told me to put my ID on my back," Boss told WBTV correspondent Molly Grantham. "When I got out of there, they said because my ID was on my back, I had to go to a personal screening area."
Bossi was taken to a private room where two female Charlotte TSA agents began what they call an "aggressive" pat-down.
Bossi said the exam halted when they got around to feeling their right breast - the one where she'd had surgery.
"She put their full hand on my breast and said, 'What is this?' Bossi recalled. "And I said, 'It's my prosthesis because I've had breast cancer.' And they said, 'Well, you'll need to show me that.'"
Bossi was asked to remove their prosthetic breast from their bra and show it to the agent.
They said they did not take down the name of the agent because of the "horrific" nature of the experience.
"It just blew my mind. I couldn't believe that somebody had done that to me,'" they told WBTV.
Bossi has since contacted the flight attendants union's Legislative Affairs Team.
They say there are better alternatives to such intrusive examinations.
"There are blowers and there are dogs that could sniff out bombs," they said. "There's no reason to have somebody's hands touching your body parts."
A TSA representative told WBTV that agents are allowed to ask to see and touch any passenger's prosthetic, but aren't supposed to remove them. Later, the TSA contacted the station and said they would review the Bossi matter.
More on TSA's New Screening Procedures:
Torches & Pitchforks at Airport Security
GOP's Mica: Ditch TSA, Hire Private Contractors
TSA Chief: Pat-Downs "For Your Safety"
9/11 Daughter: Airport Screening Foes Foolish
TSA Body Scanners: Do They Even Work?
Senators and TSA Defend "Love Pats" at Airports
Outraged Bloggers Claiming TSA Sexual Assault
Religion Offers No Break on Airport Screening
Passenger Refuses Groin Check, Full Body Scan
Should John Tyner Worry about More Than Theirs Junk?
Poll: 4 in 5 Support Full-Body Airport Scanners
Naked Body Scan Images Never Saved, TSA Says
Poll: Do New TSA Airport Screens Go Too Far?
[As community content, this post reflects the views and opinions of the particular author and does not necessarily reflect the official stance of Neo4j.]
Introduction
Solution
Data Model
Metadata
Setup
TME: Epoch time, CLNG: Calling number, CLED: Called number, FCLED: Call forwarded number (80000 is voicemail), TYP: Call type, ANS: Answered or Voicemail, FWD: Forwarded number, CPNY:Company name TME,CLNG,CLED,FCLED,DUR,TYP,ANS,FWD,CPNY 1449158574,4045551212,4041212555,80000,70,Incoming,VM,FWD,AmeyaSoft 1449159132,9195551212,8191212555,8191212555,458,Outgoing,Ans,Orig,AmeyaSoft 1449159135,8045551212,5401212555,80000,304,Incoming,VM,FWD,AmeyaSoft 1449159146,2705551212,8151212555,8151212555,451,Incoming,Ans,FWD,AmeyaSoft
CREATE CONSTRAINT ON ( connect:Connect ) ASSERT connect.id IS UNIQUE; USING PERIODIC COMMIT LOAD CSV WITH HEADERS FROM "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/.../CDR_Gist3.csv" As line WITH line, apoc.date.format((ToInteger(line.TME)),('s'), ('yyyy/MM/dd'), ('PST')) as dates WITH line, dates, REPLACE(dates, "/", "") as dt MERGE (company:Company {name: line.CPNY}) MERGE (calldate:CallDate {id: toInt(dt)}) MERGE (company)-[:CALL_DATE]->(calldate) MERGE (connect:Connect {id: TOINT(line.TME)}) MERGE (calldate)-[:CONNECT_TIME {date: toInt(dt)}]->(connect) FOREACH(ignoreMe IN CASE WHEN trim(line.TYP)="Incoming" THEN [1] ELSE [] END | FOREACH(ignoreMe IN CASE WHEN trim(line.ANS)="Ans" THEN [1] ELSE [] END | CREATE (called:CallTo {orig: line.CLED, fwd: line.FCLED}) CREATE (calling:IncomingFrom {id: line.CLNG, duration: TOINT(line.DUR)}) CREATE (connect)-[r:INCOMING]->(calling) CREATE (calling)-[t:CALL_TO]->(called) SET r.ans = CASE line.ANS WHEN 'Ans' THEN true ELSE false END, r.Abandon = CASE line.DUR WHEN 0 THEN true ELSE false END SET t.fwd = CASE line.FWD WHEN 'Orig' THEN false ELSE true END ) FOREACH(ignoreMe IN CASE WHEN trim(line.ANS)="VM" THEN [1] ELSE [] END | CREATE (called:CallTo {orig: line.CLED, fwd: line.FCLED}) CREATE (callingvm:IncomingVM {id: line.CLNG, duration: TOINT(line.DUR)}) CREATE (connect)-[r:VOICEMAIL {call: "Incoming"}]->(callingvm) CREATE (callingvm)-[:CALL_TO]->(called) SET r.Abandon = CASE line.DUR WHEN 0 THEN true ELSE false END ) ) FOREACH(ignoreMe IN CASE WHEN trim(line.TYP)="Outgoing" THEN [1] ELSE [] END | FOREACH(ignoreMe IN CASE WHEN trim(line.ANS)="Ans" THEN [1] ELSE [] END | CREATE (called:CallTo {orig: line.CLED, fwd: line.FCLED}) CREATE (calling:CallFrom {id: line.CLNG, duration: TOINT(line.DUR)}) CREATE (connect)-[r:OUTGOING]->(calling) CREATE (calling)-[t:CALL_TO]->(called) SET r.ans = CASE line.ANS WHEN 'Ans' THEN true ELSE false END, r.Abandon = CASE line.DUR WHEN 0 THEN true ELSE false END SET t.fwd = CASE line.FWD WHEN 'Orig' THEN false ELSE true END ) FOREACH(ignoreMe IN CASE WHEN trim(line.ANS)="VM" THEN [1] ELSE [] END | CREATE (called:CallTo {orig: line.CLED, fwd: line.FCLED}) CREATE (callingvm:VoiceCall {id: line.CLNG, duration: TOINT(line.DUR)}) CREATE (connect)-[r:VOICEMAIL {call: "Outgoing"}]->(callingvm) CREATE (callingvm)-[:CALL_TO]->(called) SET r.Abandon = CASE line.DUR WHEN 0 THEN true ELSE false END ) );
// Added 152 labels, created 152 nodes, set 422 properties, created 151 relationships
// graph
Incoming Calls
MATCH path=(c:Company)-[:CALL_DATE]->(n0:CallDate)-[:CONNECT_TIME]-> (n:Connect)-[r:INCOMING]->(n1)-[]->(n2) RETURN path;
//graph_result
Voicemail
MATCH path=(c:Company)-[:CALL_DATE]->(n0:CallDate)-[:CONNECT_TIME]-> (n:Connect)-[r:VOICEMAIL]->(n1)-[]->(n2) RETURN path;
//graph_result
Call Distributions
MATCH (n:Connect) WITH n, size((n)-[:INCOMING]->()) as Incoming, size((n)-[:OUTGOING]->()) as Outgoing, size((n)-[:VOICEMAIL]->()) as Voicemail RETURN count(*) as Total, sum(Incoming) as Incoming, sum(Outgoing) as Outgoing, sum(Voicemail) as Voicemail;
//table
Analysis of call detail records (CDR) provides greater insights into the telecommunications activity like inbound calls, outbound calls, dropped calls, abandoned calls and unanswered calls. This helps organizations track details on extensions, toll fraud and multiple locations, and it also helps them prevent productivity loss and control expenses.CDR data can reach big data proportions for some enterprise businesses. Updating very large tables in Microsoft SQL Server can be a time-consuming task and sometimes it might take hours to finish. In addition to this, it might also cause blocking issues. Neo4j has been used in the telecom industry before for both churn reduction and event log data , but both of these applications are at the telecom provider level.Here, I use Neo4j at the business level that consumes the services provided by the telecom provider.Call detail records data files come with about 120 columns. For this gist, I selected call time, calling number, called number, call forwarded number, call duration, call type (incoming/outgoing/voicemail), call answered flag, call forwarded flag and company name.: Answered or went to voicemail.: Forwarded, answered or went to voicemail.: Answered or went to voicemail.: Called.: Voicemail.This graph data model stores call detail records (CDR) in nodes, relationships and properties. Call date is modelled as an integer following the style of this article Here is a sample of data in the CSV file: Cypher query to setup the database (I used only 50 call records):Call detail records provide detailed logs about every phone activity and this allows a business to make better management and personnel decisions by analyzing patterns and trends. A report can also be generated on money spent on calling minutes by a specific department or a business unit at a different location.Employee utilization is an extremely important part of a business. A report on all incoming calls received by each employee can show call volume and minutes for each employee. Higher call volume indicates the need to add more resources for better customer service.A busy network or not enough personnel may result in a high volume of calls going to voicemail. This may lead to lost calls and ultimately this will lead to losing good customers. Analysis of all unanswered calls allows a business to make better management and personnel decisions.An organization can use CDR data to verify billing disputes and keep track of the usage of phone systems for the entire organization. A report on total calls grouped by date, call type (incoming/outgoing/unanswered/toll free calls/conference calls) gives an aggregate view of all the calling activities.Total incoming, unanswered, and outgoing calls:
Total incoming, voicemail, and outgoing calls by each employee. This way employees performance can be evaluated by managers.
//Total calls by phone number MATCH (n:Connect)-[]->()-[:CALL_TO]->(n2:CallTo) RETURN "Total" as Type,n2.orig as PhoneNbr, COUNT(*) as Count ORDER BY Count DESC UNION MATCH (n:Connect)-[r]->(n1)-[:CALL_TO]->(n2:CallTo) RETURN type(r) as Type, n2.orig as PhoneNbr, COUNT(*) as Count ORDER BY Count DESC;
//table
Total call count per employee
Incoming calls per employee
Outgoing calls per employee
Voicemail count per employee
More Details
MATCH (n:Connect)-[r:VOICEMAIL {call: 'Incoming'}]-(n1:VoiceCall) WITH DISTINCT n MATCH (n1:Connect)-[r1:VOICEMAIL {call: 'Outgoing'}]-(n2:VoiceCall) WHERE n1.id = n.id WITH DISTINCT n1 MATCH path = (x:Company)-[:CALL_DATE]->(n0:CallDate)-[:CONNECT_TIME]-> (n2:Connect)-[r2:INCOMING|VOICEMAIL|OUTGOING]-> (n11)-[:CALL_TO]->(n21) WHERE n2.id = n1.id RETURN path;
Conclusion
Conference calls
Toll-free calls
Returned voicemail messages
Resources
Want to learn more about what you can do with graph databases? Click below to get your free copy the O'Reilly Graph Databases book and discover how to harness the power of graph technology.
Get My Free Copy
10 out of 11 calls to 4041212555 went to voicemail: Perhaps a signal for poor performance by the employee?In a multi-site organization, there will be a central location which receives the call detail records from every site. The data from each site will have a field to store a code that identifies the site.For a single-site organization, CDRs contain one record for each call time. For multi-site organizations, there can be multiple records (one from each site) for one call time. The following query displays this multi-site scenario (with a bigger dataset).Call detail records provide a wealth of information on telecommunications activity for an entire organization. Modeling the data with Neo4j provided orders of magnitude improvement in generating statistics of all call types compared to Microsoft SQL Server.In this gist, I covered only a few metrics. There are many other metrics to consider that I did not cover here, including:Dataset: https://github.com/kaisesha/cdrgraph/blob/master/CDR_Gist3.csv
This article is over 1 year old
Coalition's hopes of negotiating with crossbench to pass legislation struck a fatal blow as pressure mounts for a bipartisan position with Labor on energy
One Nation confirms it will vote against clean energy target in Senate
One Nation has dealt a blow to the Turnbull government's hopes of getting a clean energy target through the parliament, confirming it will vote against it in the event the Coalition has to try and broker a deal with the crossbench.
The Turnbull government is under pressure from industry stakeholders to reach a bipartisan position with Labor on the Finkel review as a first resort to end the decade-long climate wars, and to give investors policy certainty.
Finkel's target boosts coal industry and does little to cut emissions, modelling shows Read more
But is unclear whether a bipartisan deal can be achieved.
The Coalition party room is currently debating whether a clean energy target is the way to go, and there is pressure to ensure any new system is legislated with a high enough baseline to allow coal-fired power in the mix.
Labor has been signalling that coal is a bridge too far.
In the event the major parties can't come to agreement, the government would have the option of trying to legislate a new energy policy with the support of the Senate crossbench.
The government needs 10 of 12 crossbenchers to pass legislation if it is pursuing that pathway.
But One Nation declared on Monday it would not support a new clean energy target under any circumstances – which is a fatal blow to a viable crossbench pathway.
“There won't be any support for a clean energy target,” a spokesperson for the One Nation Senator Malcolm Roberts, told Guardian Australia. A spokesperson for the One Nation leader, Pauline Hanson, confirmed the party would vote as a bloc on the Finkel response.
The government also doesn't have a viable parliamentary pathway with the Greens. While the Greens are yet to reach a definitive position on the Finkel review, the party's climate change spokesperson Adam Bandt has been saying publicly that a “clean” energy target should not include either coal or gas.
The likelihood that the government will have to come to terms with Labor, or go back to the drawing board, came as the Minerals Council released a new report taking issue with the economic modelling associated with the Finkel review.
The assessment, from BAEconomics, says important assumptions in the economic modelling underlying the Finkel report “tend to increase the costs of dispatchable coal generation, and underestimate the cost of renewable generation”.
The Minerals Council is using the material to lobby government MPs against the Finkel recommendations.
The chairperson of the Turnbull government's backbench environment and energy committee, Craig Kelly, has been critical of the clean energy target since the release of the Finkel report.
On Monday, they said the government needed to give priority to energy security and ensuring there was a workable scheme to deliver sufficient quantities of dispatchable power.
They said the government needed to consider implementing a scheme of “reverse auctions” to deploy dispatchable power into the grid.
Kelly said the “reverse auction” scheme would be set with an emissions intensity threshold to allow high-efficiency coal to bid into the system, but they said coal could be outbid by wind power with gas back-up, or large-scale solar with battery back-up.
The Liberal MP dismissed recent suggestions from Nationals, including the deputy prime minister, Barnaby Joyce, and the backbencher George Christensen, that the government should bankroll the construction of new coal plants.
Asked whether that was a good idea, Kelly said: “No, not at all.”
Next time you read your increased power bill, blame Tony Abbott | Matt Grudnoff Read more
“I'm sure [the Nationals] would like to see more coal, and people put me in the pro-coal camp, but I'm actually in the low prices camp”.
The energy minister, Josh Frydenberg, was also cool on government funding for a new coal-fired power station on Sunday.
While noting coal would be part of Australia's energy mix for “decades to come” Frydenberg said they wouldn't “jump the gun” on government financing of a coal-fired power plant.
They said they would have no issue “if somebody out there in the market” wanted to build a new plant, because that would add to Australia's baseload power supply.
“As for government decisions, you are asking me to jump the gun there,” they said.
Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare
In the first next-gen installment of the Call of Duty franchise, former US soldier Jack Mitchell is given a second chance when they join Atlas Corporation, the world's largest Private Military Corporation (PMC). Mitchell jumps at the chance, especially when the company gives them a prosthetic arm to replace the one they lost in a previous battle, but they discover that Atlas CEO Jonathan Irons (played by Kevin Spacey) is not as nice as they seemed, and that Irons has created a devastating biological weapon with major worldwide implications.
Gameplay
The Call of Duty franchise's first-person shooter gameplay has evolved by leaps and bounds. Soldiers wear powerful exoskeletons, making them more battle-ready and battle-hardened, and giving them exceptional strength, awareness, endurance, and speed. Players can move about more freely than ever before with enhanced agility and biomechanics and covert cloaking abilities. While ambushing the enemy, sharpshooters can use standard ammunition or a new class of directed-energy weaponry that shakes up the franchise's traditional gameplay even more.
Environment
Set in the year 2054, Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare creates futurist battlegrounds that players can traverse by foot or on advanced vehicles such as hovercrafts. The maps blend familiar infrastructure with hi-tech, seemingly space-age aesthetics.
Multiplayer
This title lives up to Call of Duty's traditional fast-paced multiplayer modes, but it provides even more variety than its predecessors with 12 modes spread across 13 game maps. In the all-new Exo Survival Mode, four players must work together to accomplish objectives while battling a mob of AI-controlled enemies. Players can also earn supply drops for weapons and advanced customizations for their exo-suits.
Reviews
”[\…] the way Sledgehammer has integrated its enhanced abilities and choices into every aspect of how we fight went above and beyond.” – IGN
“Call of Duty Advanced Warfare once again proves why this series is so popular with its next-gen physics and flawless gameplay.” – Impulsegamer
Specifics
First-person shooter game
Systems: PlayStation 4 or Xbox One
Developer: Sledgehammer Games
For questions pertaining to this deal, click the Ask a Question button below. For post-purchase inquiries, please contact Groupon customer support.
Goods sold by Groupon Goods. View the Groupon Goods FAQ to learn more.
Earlier today, Collider got the opportunity to chat with horror master Sam Raimi on the phone, to discuss the creepy thriller The Possession, which they are producing. Based on a true story, the film (starring Jeffrey Dean Morgan and Kyra Sedgwick) shows what happens to one family who must save their youngest daughter from a malevolent force, known as a Dibbuk, that wants to devour their body.
While we will run the full interview closer to the film's August 31st theatrical release, we did want to share what Sam Raimi had to say about the upcoming remakes of The Evil Dead and Poltergeist. Having seen almost all of the dailies for The Evil Dead, they said the film is really bloody and really goes for it, that it will definitely be R and could maybe be worse, that there were a lot of ways to improve on the original film, and how exciting it is to see what director Fede Alvarez brought to it. They also said that David Lindsay-Abaire is currently working on the screenplay for Poltergeist, and that they hope to have a draft by around the first of October. Check out what they had to say after the jump.
evil-dead-remakeCollider: One of the great things about your Evil Dead movies is that you weren't afraid to show blood and gore. Will the remake be as bloody, or is it more of a PG-13 release?
SAM RAIMI: It's really bloody. It's so bloody, it will make your head spin. I've seen almost all the dailies and they're really going for it. It's gonna be grisly and intense and non-stop.
Does that mean it will have to be R-rated then?
Raimi: Definitely R. Maybe worse.
How involved were you with the film, and what can fans look forward to with the remake?
Well, I always thought that Evil Dead was a little campfire story that you tell at a camp to kids to scare them at night. But, I don't think anybody thought it was a beautifully produced, theatrical experience. It was shot in 16mm, all the effects were done for a quarter, and I always thought it could be done in a big screen movie type way that was really high quality with photographic effects. It could still be just as gritty, but it could be done in stereo and not just mono, and it could be done in 35mm versus 16mm. There were a lot of ways to improve it. There could be much better writing than I was capable of, at the time, as an 18-year-old kid writing that screenplay. And honestly, the directing could be a lot better, and the characterizations could be better. I was very happy with it, but it was something that was crudely done and I thought deserved re-exploration. I thought it would be fun and, in fact, it has turned out to be a tremendous amount of fun because it's like an old melody that you write and you've brought in this really great, cool, young, hip jazz musician, and he's riffing on it and showing you places it could go that you never dreamed. It's very exciting for me.
Do you have a status update on the remake of Poltergeist?
RAIMI: Probably nothing new that you don't know. David Lindsay-Abaire is working on the screenplay, and I'm hoping to have a draft by around the first of October.
*Clarification appended
The Affordable Care Act will increase the average cost of insurance premiums, making health care less affordable for those Texans on whom the system financially depends, according to a report from a conservative think tank.
The report, released Monday by the Texas Public Policy Foundation, says premiums for health insurance plans will increase for young, healthy Texans under the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare. The health care law requires private insurers to cover essential health benefits and establishes a federal marketplace for insurers to sell coverage plans, among other requirements.
The report concludes that premiums will be on average "significantly higher than coverage available on the individual market in Texas prior to the ACA." Nonetheless, it concedes that comparing pre- and post-ACA health care plans “presents some difficulties” because of the costs associated with mandating that health plans cover essential benefits, and because the impact on individuals will vary depending on age, gender, location and other factors.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
As an example, the report highlights changes in premiums for catastrophic plans for young people living in metropolitan areas. Catastrophic plans have lower premiums than comprehensive plans but provide protection only from worst-case scenarios. John Davidson, the report's author, said those plans are the most attractive to young, healthy Texans, and that they operate “the most like insurance” of any health care plan in the insurance marketplace.
“For a 27-year-old, non-smoking male in Austin, low-cost catastrophic plans on the exchange, which are available only to those under 30 or those with low incomes who qualify, will be on average 84 percent more expensive than pre-ACA catastrophic plans,” the report found.
Proponents of the health care law, however, say the comparisons are misleading.
Stacey Pogue, a senior policy analyst for the left-leaning Center for Public Policy Priorities, says the pre-ACA premiums — what they call “teaser rates” — analyzed in the report do not reflect average rates paid on the individual market. “These are the advertised rates by insurers,” they said. “Some young, healthy people get the teaser rate, but certainly not everybody does. To represent that as the average rate is misleading."
A September report from the Center for Public Policy Priorities asserts that comparisons between coverage pre- and post-ACA are unfair, saying, "The truth is that health care tomorrow will look very different from many of the insurance policies available today."
Davidson rebuffs the term "teaser rate," preferring "listed rate." "Rather than just take the lowest one that was advertised, we averaged the three lowest ones we could find to come up with an average picture of the low-cost catastrophic rates in Texas," they said.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
Plans available under the Affordable Care Act are more comprehensive, Pogue said. They cover more medical services, including pre-existing conditions, and have lower out-of-pocket maximum costs. On the other hand, the pre-ACA insurance market is one “where the policies you can buy are full of holes, whether it's mental health coverage or out-of-pocket costs that can be up to $13,000 a year,” Pogue said.
Davidson agrees that policies will change under the ACA, and they attribute their higher costs to those changes. "It's precisely because of the changes in the plans that they're more expensive," they said. "And they're most expensive for the people who had the ability to get the cheapest insurance before the ACA."
The federal government will offer relief for some facing higher costs in the marketplace. Texans with incomes between 100 and 400 percent of the federal poverty threshold could qualify for subsidies to offset higher health insurance premiums. Texans below the federal poverty line will not qualify for those subsidies and are instead encouraged to apply for Medicaid, although many will not qualify for Medicaid either. Gov. Rick Perry and the Texas Legislature did not to expand the program to cover impoverished adults, with many citing concerns about a system they say is not efficient.
The TPPF report says many Texans in their late 20s and early 30s will not qualify for subsidies because their incomes are too high. “Young, working Texans are most likely to bear the brunt of these higher costs,” the report says. “Premiums for ACA-compliant plans for Texans in their late 20s and early 30s are significantly higher than pre-ACA plans currently on the individual market.” The report says that those individuals have little incentive to follow the ACA mandate that they enroll in an insurance plan, and predicts that many will instead opt to pay a fine rather than sign up for a plan.
Health care officials say the exchange system under the ACA will depend on having a broad participant base, not just the elderly and afflicted.
“The success of the program is really contingent on young, healthy adults being able to broaden the risk pool and pay premiums to allow them to be more affordable for the older, sicker populations,” said David Gonzales, executive director of the Texas Association of Health Plans.
But Gonzales was hesitant to draw comparisons between pre- and post-ACA coverage. Asked whether rates had gone up, they said, “Unless you're comparing apples and apples, it's hard to really know.”
*An earlier version of this story said that Texans with incomes between 100 and 400 percent of the federal poverty threshold will qualify for subsidies to offset higher health insurance premiums.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
Texas Tribune donors or members may be quoted or mentioned in our stories, or may be the subject of them. For a complete list of contributors, click here.
Video
In politics, it is called flip-flopping. In banking, it is called postcrisis regrets.
For years, Sanford I. Weill aggressively pushed a “bigger is better” philosophy in banking, turning Citigroup into a financial behemoth through a series of ever-larger deals.
Now, the empire builder wants to break up the banks.
On Wednesday, Mr. Weill called for a wall between a bank's deposit-taking operations and its risky trading businesses. In other words, they would like to resurrect the regulation that they once fought.
“What we should probably do is go and split up investment banking from banking,” Mr. Weill, the former chief executive of Citigroup, told CNBC. “Have banks do something that's not going to risk the taxpayer dollars, that's not going to be too big to fail.”
Since the financial crisis, a number of elder statesmen have pushed to reinstate some form of the Glass-Steagall Act, the 1933 law that separated commercial banks from investment banks.
Video
In 2009, John S. Reed, who with Mr. Weill forged the megamerger that created Citigroup, apologized for creating a lumbering giant that needed multibillion-dollar bailouts from the government. Philip Purcell, the former chief executive of Morgan Stanley and David H. Komansky, the onetime leader of Merrill Lynch, two other main figures in the fight to repeal Glass-Steagall, have echoed similar concerns about deregulation.
But the comments of Mr. Weill — arguably the most powerful banking voice behind the effort to dismantle Glass-Steagall — have particularly drawn the industry's attention.
During a Congressional hearing on Wednesday, Representative Carolyn B. Maloney, Democrat of New York, said that Mr. Weill's remarks appeared to go further than the new rules aimed at curbing banks' risky activities. Representative Walter B. Jones Jr., Republican of North Carolina, said that one of the worst votes they made in their 18 years in Congress was in favor of bank deregulation.
Richard Drew/Associated Press
In the 1990s, Mr. Weill ushered in the age of the financial supermarket, a model that brought trading, mergers advisory, commercial lending and other disparate banking services under one roof. A serial deal maker, Mr. Weill turned a small bank based in Baltimore into a colossal lender, investment bank and insurer. They capped it with the $70 billion merger between Travelers and Citicorp, which formed Citigroup.
They took pride in their strategy. For years, Mr. Weill had a plaque in their office that listed their accomplishments, including “The Shatterer of Glass-Steagall.”
Glass-Steagall was born out of an earlier crisis, the Great Depression. Enacted in 1933, it was intended to prevent another financial catastrophe by limiting the size and power of the nation's banks. The new law prompted the breakup of J. P. Morgan & Company, which spun off its brokerage arm to create Morgan Stanley.
With the Depression-era fading from memory, the increasingly powerful banking industry started to chip away at the provisions.
Beginning in the 1960s, regulators started to interpret federal banking rules more loosely, permitting commercial lenders to move into riskier activities like municipal bond underwriting. During their CNBC appearance, Mr. Weill argued that the strictest limits of Glass-Steagall had already eroded by the mid-1980s.
A decade later, they sought to dismiss the last major prohibition for banks, insurance underwriting. The final Senate vote on the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999, which formally blessed the universal banking model, was 90 to 8 in favor. The House vote was also lopsided.
Their efforts were a major milestone in banking deregulation, paving the way for a new wave of mergers. In 2000, J. P. Morgan united with Chase Manhattan Bank to form JPMorgan Chase. Bank of America embarked on an aggressive deal-making binge.
But critics argued that the deregulation effort would create financial Frankenstein's monster that could not be effectively run or regulated. They were proved right when the financial crisis brought many banking giants to their knees. After Lehman Brothers collapsed in 2008, Citigroup was forced to take more than $45 billion in bailout money from the government.
Soon after the crisis, some of Mr. Weill's contemporaries began to reverse their position. In 2010, Mr. Komansky told Bloomberg Television that they regretted helping to lead the charge to cut down Glass-Steagall. Mr. Reed, who briefly shared the top role at Citigroup with Mr. Weill, said that lawmakers were wrong to overturn the law.
Mr. Weill, however, largely kept silent during the debates over financial regulation. Even now, they have refused to say that the banking supermarket model was flawed.
“I think the earlier model was right for that time,” they said on CNBC. “I don't think it's right anymore.”
Not all of these banking elders have spoken out of concern for the safety of the global financial system. Both Mr. Weill and Mr. Purcell noted that cleaving apart big banks would improve their stock market values.
But their sentiments are not necessarily shared by their successors. Jamie Dimon, Mr. Weill's longtime protégé who now runs JPMorgan Chase, turned aside questions about the bank's size after the latest earnings.
“There's huge strength in this company that units get from each other,” Mr. Dimon said, who said that splitting up JPMorgan would affect “very short-term stuff.”
My employer has been using Unitrends for quite a while. We were using an older 2U model against Exchange 2007 without problems. In the last year we upgraded to a Recovery-943, and I completed an Exchange 2013 upgrade/migration. We now have a 4-node DAG, using JBOD storage with auto-reseed and 4 copies per database. Because we are using auto-reseed, all disks are mounted in a Microsoft-specified way, and there are NOT any drive letters involved beyond the C: drive. I have 12 different disks on each server, hosting a total of 48 databases (4 DBs per disk, one active, 3 passives).
Unitrends is configured to backup a passive copy of each DB from the various nodes (all nodes are active, but we grab the passive on the node with the lowest activation preference, so it's "most likely to be passive" when backed up).
The problem I'm having is that, as best as I can tell, Unitrends will randomly fail to backup various databases correctly. I have a ticket open with their support team, who has been effectively worthless so far (they have yet to even acknowledge that I'm experiencing a failure and keep telling me the product is working as designed).
Some clarification is in order here. One of the things support has asked me to do is to edit master.ini and explicitly ﻿disable﻿ the standard verification/checksum performed on Exchange backups. They claim this is required because they claim that a passive copy is unable to be checksummed (untrue) and they claim that a checksum isn't required because Exchange itself is already verifying the data while it's being replicated (this may be true, but it's irrelevant).
The problem here is that disabling the checksum means that backups will always "Succeed" in the console, without giving the end user any sort of validation that the backup is actually legitimately "clean."
If the product was working as I expect it should, this wouldn't concern me, but bear with me. :)
Another part of the troubleshooting here has been to up the log level in master.ini for "wbps" (the client-side backup reader that runs under Windows) to 3, and eventually to 5. 3 is sufficient to expose the bug though, 5 just gives you better proof, but ProcMon.exe (from MS/SysInternals) is far better.
With WBPS at log level 3, take a backup of a passive database copy. Read through the wbps_*.log for that backup, and if you experience the same bug I am, you'll see this message: "Snapshot volume was not found". I can see VSS create a snapshot for the target backup EDB at some point in the log, but then when WBPS later goes to actually perform the backup, it can't find the snapshot that was just created and marked for it.
What does WBPS do? It tries to backup the live files on the disk, rather than targeting the shadow copy. I have proof of this happening via ProcMon logs. ﻿Of course﻿ a backup will fail checksumming, if the files are actively being changed / modified by the Exchange replication process... so Unitrends' suggestion to disable Exchange verification is a bad idea at best, and causes a false sense of security at worst. Their own product logs show that their own product is unable to find a shadow, and rather than simply failing at that point (which I think would be preferable), it instead continues to run the backup and read live files off of the disk. Reading a live Exchange database is never a valid backup strategy unless all Exchange processes are shutdown first.
This is semi-sporadic - most of the time I've been able to reproduce it first try, but then today I was able to NOT reproduce the bug, and actually got a clean, ﻿checksummed﻿/verified backup from a passive copy, since WBPS correctly located the VSS snap and used it. (Again, this is after their support has tried to tell me that a passive copy can't be checksummed/verified.) I have been playing around with the checksumming option because I strongly believe that the whole reason support is telling people not to checksum Exchange passives is because their product is broken, rather than because it can't be done. I finally actually got proof of that today.
Additionally, backing up an ﻿Active﻿ DB copy seems to work correctly every time. I've yet to see an Active copy ﻿not﻿ find the VSS faux-volume to backup from, only a Passive backup seems to do this. Microsoft and Unitrends both advise against backing up from an Active copy though, passive is preferred.
I would like to ask anyone else who is using E2013, a DAG, and Unitrends to turn up WBPS logging to level 3 and verify that your Exchange backups are actually occurring via VSS/shadow copy rather than reading the "live" passive files from disk. I'm sick of getting the same answer repeatedly from Unitrends support, so I'm looking for more proof from other parties. I'm about 99.5% sure that there is actually a problem here, but they keep telling me it's fine and refuting my various arguments about how VSS backups work.﻿ I suspect some of the problem here may be the strange disk layout required by auto-reseed, but I have no way to verify this short of finding someone else with a similar environment and asking them to test. Search your WBPS_*.log files for "Snapshot volume was not found" followed by a full volume path that will probably be incorrect. In our failures, it spits out a path for the C: drive rather than one of the Exchange volumes that is mounted in multiple folder mount points below C:.﻿
If anyone wants to see the proof, I can provide procmon dumps and WBPS log files, I'll have to throw them on dropbox or something. This has not been enough to convince Unitrends support (or development, since supposedly they have looked at this case) that anything is wrong. I'm at my wit's end.
Edited Mar 3, 2015 at 07:57 UTC
TORONTO — Like most Toronto Blue Jays, Josh Donaldson is in a bit of a funk at the plate. After going 0-for-4 in Friday's dispiriting 13-3 loss to the Boston Red Sox, Donaldson is now hitless in their last 22 plate appearances, and is 3-for-24 in September.
That's not good. And Donaldson will be the first one to tell you it isn't. But the 30-year-old is also the reigning AL MVP, fifth in baseball with 6.8 wins above replacement, and highly regarded as one of the most knowledgeable, astute hitters in the game. So, when they say things like what he's about to say, you take them at their word.
“I feel like we've faced some pretty good pitching and we've hit some balls fairly hard in some crucial situations that didn't work out,” Donaldson said before Friday's series opener against Boston. “Sometimes you go through that. It's just, at this time of year you always want every ball to fall because you know how important every run is.”
And he's right. During the Blue Jays' three-game set in New York earlier this week, Donaldson put balls in play at 95, 96 and 102.5 mph. Each one went for an out. Last weekend in Tampa Bay a pair of balls came off their bat at 90.5 and 97 mph. Those turned into outs, too. In the first inning Friday night, Donaldson turned around a Rick Porcello slider that came off their bat at 91-mph. Jackie Bradley Jr. barely had to move to corral the line drive in centre field.
In fact, since Aug. 29, which was the beginning of the three-city road trip the Blue Jays wrapped up this week, Donaldson has an average exit velocity of 93.3 mph on their balls in play, while the rest of baseball is averaging 89. He's hitting the ball hard. He's just having bad luck.
Think about the ball they hit in the fifth inning of the second game of the Yankees series. It was 2-1 at the time, and Donaldson worked a full count against Luis Cessa before getting an 85-mph slider down in the zone and absolutely scorching it down the third baseline.
It should have gone for a double, it should have cashed both runners Toronto had on base, and it should have blown that game open. But New York third baseman Chase Headley made a remarkable diving play to rob Donaldson of the hit, and the Yankees eventually went on to win by a run. That, as ballplayers so often say, is baseball.
“Sometimes it works out. And sometimes you go out there and you play to the best of your ability and it doesn't work out,” Donaldson said. “Sometimes you need to learn from certain things in order to grow as a player. And as a team.”
Donaldson is going to be fine. He's one of the best hitters in the game and perhaps no one on the Blue Jays is as due for a breakout offensive performance. But the team aspect he's talking about is interesting. The Blue Jays have scored three runs or fewer in five of their last nine games, all of them losses. They've hit only two home runs in their first seven games of September, and are batting .232/.323/.295 as a team in the month.
While last year's club blitzkrieged through the final two months of the season, overwhelming opponents with a prolific offence, this year's Blue Jays have been less consistent. Many have suggested the team is over-reliant on the home run, and there is some evidence to support that. The club is 23-4 when it hits three or more homers and 35-50 when it hits one or less. When they don't hit a single homer, the Blue Jays are 9-27.
Of course, hitting home runs is the quickest and most efficient way to score and win ballgames, so those records should be somewhat expected. But even Donaldson thinks their team has to find ways to win when they aren't able to leave the yard.
“We definitely are a team that likes to hit the long ball,” Donaldson said. “And at certain times, especially at this time of the season, you're going to have to be able to manufacture runs in a couple of different manners other than just the long ball. And we're going to need to do that in order to win games.
“The fact of the matter is, offensively, we've been a little bit more streaky this year than we were last year,” they added. “I think some of it has to do with our lineup being a little bit different. We don't necessarily have a lot of guys who are speed-oriented, per se.”
That's fair. Melvin Upton Jr. and Kevin Pillar are the only Blue Jays regulars who consistently beat out hits with their legs. Maybe Devon Travis, too. But past that, the Blue Jays generally try to drive the ball very far and very hard, which is an exciting approach to watch when it works, and a frustrating one when it doesn't.
Donaldson doesn't think the Blue Jays need an overhaul in terms of plate approach or hitting philosophy. That would be an unwise, panicky move at this point in the season. But they do think the club could help itself out with some more clever, and at times aggressive, baserunning.
“I definitely think there have been times on the basepaths this year where I felt like we could have taken an extra base and we haven't,” Donaldson said. “I would definitely err on the side of being a little more aggressive. Ninety feet is huge in this game. If you can get a guy from first to second or first to third on a base hit, it's huge. It makes the at-bat for the guy in the box a little bit easier, because sometimes it doesn't always take a hit to score him.”
This is all to say that the skid Donaldson and the Blue Jays are on at the moment is much more likely to end sometime very soon rather than continue for the rest of the season. The most unlikely scenario is that the Blue Jays have suddenly morphed into a bad team at the worst possible time.
Yes, the defensive miscues, poor situational hitting, and lack of general success at the plate that the team has been experiencing lately has been bewildering for fans to watch, and even more bewildering for players to experience. But the Blue Jays are still a team with seven regulars carrying an OPS+ of 101 or higher, meaning they're above league average. They're still third in baseball with 198 home runs and a 9.8 per cent walk rate as a team. And still only the Boston Red Sox, Cleveland Indians and Texas Rangers—the first place teams in each American League division—have scored more runs than the Blue Jays in the AL.
And Donaldson is still one of the best hitters in the game, and a legitimate candidate for a second consecutive MVP. If he's confident the tide is about to turn, you should be too.
“I feel like, for the most part, we do a good job as a team and go out there and prepare. I do think there are times when we make mistakes, but that's every team, you know?” Donaldson said. “That's part of being human. And that's part of the growth you go through at this time of the season. Some mistakes get a little bit more magnified than others but I believe our team does a great job of going out there and preparing and ultimately doing everything they can in order to win the game.”
I've been involved in open source ever since I made the switch to Linux four years ago, sometimes as a code contributor, sometimes just filing bugs and improving documentation. And, as some of you may already know, I'm visually impaired.
As such, most of the open source projects I'm involved in revolve around accessibility. These are the eight open source projects I use and work on as part of the open source accessibility community.
eSpeak
eSpeak is an open source, compact, easily extensible text to speech (TTS) synthesizer with support for English and over 40 other languages.
For the past three years, since June of 2012, I've been steadily improving the quality of the US English language support, fixing words, adding new rules, and improving the phonemes when they need it. I maintain a Git repository of fixes to eSpeak, and whenever a new eSpeak release is made, the lead developer, Jonathan Duddington, will pull from my Git repository and put those fixes they want to in eSpeak itself. This repository also contains some voices (called variants in eSpeak) that aren't part of the stock eSpeak distribution, but are instead found in the "nvda" screen reader for Microsoft Windows.
Please note that if you want to use my repository, you'll need to be using the latest development version of eSpeak. This is mostly due to phoneme changes that might occur between the latest stable release and the latest development release, and also due to version checks in eSpeak's source code that prevent the use of newer dictionaries than those that come with espeak. This means you can't simply copy the newer dictionaries over the older ones.
Sonar GNU/Linux
Sonar GNU/Linux is focused on providing an easy to use, accessible, up-to-date Linux distribution with the latest accessibility software, as well as, a selection of software that is known to be accessible. In particular, we focus on providing all the multimedia codecs most people would want, and the best open source software for managing Apple devices such as the iPod and iPhone. I co-develop this distribution along with Kyle Brouhard (kyle@gmx.ca) and Jonathon Nadow, who runs the accessible computing foundation, a nonprofit organization dedicated to promoting Linux accessibility. I've been a part of this Linux distribution since August of 2014.
Fedora
I'm not a developer of this very well known Linux distribution, but I do help by contributing accessibility documentation, filing bugs, and hanging out on the #Fedora IRC channel to help people.
Vinux
I'm not as active in this Linux distribution as I once was, due to just not having enough time. Nevertheless, I do hang out on their IRC channel to help people and occasionally add to their wiki and discuss accessibility bugs and packages, though I'm not a package maintainer. This was the Linux distribution I switched to from Windows, and is still a top-notch Linux distribution.
Orca
I'm heavily involved in improving this top-quality screen reader for graphical desktops such as GNOME, MATE, and Unity. I file bugs, I post to the mailing list, and I help people if they run into trouble, although I am not a coder. Joanmeri Diggs, the lead developer, does a wonderful job developing this screen reader, often asking for advice from the Orca community. This means the community has a fair amount of influence in what gets added to Orca, as well as making sure Orca remains easy to use.
GNOME
GNOME is a very recent addition for me. I'm dedicated to improving the accessibility of the GNOME shell, my desktop of choice. I do this by hanging out on their accessibility channel, #a11y on irc.gnome.org, as well as filing bugs against gnome shell if I find an accessibility related problem.
MATE
I'm also involved with the MATE developers to improve accessibility of this very popular desktop environment. I file bugs, hang out on IRC channels, and follow up with Joanie to make sure there's communication between Orca and the desktop developers.
The TinTin Alter Aeon sound pack
I'm involved in improving this collection of sounds, triggers, and scripts to improve the accessibility of the Alter Aeon multi-user dungeon, or MUD for short. This sound pack requires the use of the TinTin MUD client, which is available in most Linux distributions. If you would like to learn more or need help installing or using this client, go to their GitHub page.
Linux supports accessibility
I am firmly convinced that Linux is a stable, secure, and accessible alternative to proprietary operating systems such as Windows and Apple OS X. I put my skills where my mouth is and help to make this already wonderful operating system even greater. I can't help with money, because I often have very little money to spare after rent, bills, and food, so I compensate by helping in other ways, such as bug reports, documentation, and helping out new users.
Open source software is running on all kinds of devices, such as televisions, smartphones, and submarines. And, to be completely clear, most of these devices run cut-down versions of the Linux kernel—only enough to run on whatever device they're running on—and often do not include a desktop with a screen reader. The exception is Google's Android and ChromeOS.
I'm proud to be a part of the Linux and open source community, who are very supportive of accessibility needs. I'll close with this: If we all work together, we can prove to the world at large that you do not need expensive hardware and software to participate in a sighted world if you're disabled, regardless of what that disability is.
You may, at some point or another, have found yourself having to explain that climate change is a real thing. Maybe you've had a friend who wonders if global warming is definitely caused by humans, or whether it's just a quirk of nature. Maybe you've had these thoughts yourself.
It shouldn't be hard to argue that climate change is happening, and that it's caused by humans—the scientific community overwhelmingly agrees that's exactly what is happening. But it often can be hard, and nobody knows that better than climate scientists themselves, who are constantly challenged to explain why they should be taken seriously.
On Thursday, two climate scientists conducted a Reddit AMA in an attempt to give both scientists and laypeople the tools to combat climate change denial. "We are here to talk to you about improving how scientists can talk with the public about climate change," Jessica Hellmann, who heads up the Institute on the Environment at the University of Minnesota, and Tessa Hill, a recipient of the Presidential Early Career Award for Scientists and Engineers, wrote in an introduction to the Q&A. "Even the most capable science communicators can improve how they talk with non-scientists about crucial social and scientific issues in ways that both capture their complexity and move the dialogue forward."
The AMA is worth reading in full, and Hellmann and Hill recommended checking out these sites for common myths, but here are some key takeaways for your next climate-based debate.
Dazzle with facts
Some readers used the session to share their own doubts with the scientists. "While I wouldn't call myself a denier, I do have questions," one Redditor started out. "If we know that the climate has fluctuated greatly throughout the history of the world (ice ages, evidence that current major cities used to be underwater, etc.), how do we know that the climate change we're seeing now is not just the next part in those fluctuations? How do we know we're accelerating it?" (This isn't an uncommon question.)
Advertisement
In response, Hill pointed out that what we're seeing now falls far outside recorded fluctuations. "The paleo/fossil record of climate change is actually quite powerful in illustrating that we are far outside the range of 'normal' natural variability for the climate system," they wrote, adding, "we actually have learned a tremendous amount from the history of past climate, using both the 'paleo' record and modern, recorded observations that go on for decades to centuries… what you can see in this illustration is that there is no precedent - in the past 1 million years - for carbon dioxide concentrations at this level."
Make it personal
Hellman and Hill also pointed out that though it might feel like there's an unbridgeable gap between climate change deniers and believers, that's not necessarily the case. "Can you give an example of how you or someone else found common ground with a climate science denier in order to open them up to climate science?" one Redditor asked.
Advertisement
"There is a lot of potential common ground," Hellmann wrote, "especially at the local scale when there is trust and a common goal." They continued that it helps when lives are on the line. "In the Chicago Climate Action Plan, for example, there was considerable collaboration between scientists, city planners, and business because the broader goal was about protecting the people of Chicago and building a better, more resilient future," they explained, adding, "there is a lot of bipartisan support for renewable energy around job creation and reducing air pollution, often more so than greenhouse gas reduction."
One Redditor even weighed in with a personal example, writing, "I am an engineer and I used to respond to climate change deniers with data. Then they would respond to me with data (which always turned out to be false or misleading). We would go back and forth like this and never really resolve anything but to breed anger toward one another."
Advertisement
Ultimately, the commenter said, a personal approach worked best:
Then one day, my uncle was trying to tell me how climate change is not human-made. I took a different approach. I told them how my college roommate of 3 years was now a PhD student studying ice cores. Their career has taken them from Greenland to the Antarctic. They have dedicated their life to this field of study. So, when you (my uncle) tell me that climate change is bogus, you're telling me that my close friend is either lying to me or incompetent. While that didn't change their mind on climate change, it did give them pause.
Advertisement
It's okay not to know
At one point, Hellmann admitted that they too, sometimes has a hard time responding to climate change deniers. A Redditor asked, "Have you ever gotten a question from a Climate Change denier that stumped you, and if so, what was it, and what did you later find the answer to be?"
Advertisement
"There are lots of things that stump me in the moment, honestly," Hellmann said. "I'm not afraid to say 'I don't know.' Sometimes I follow that with 'but what I do know is…' or 'I know where to find the answer to that.'"
Also, Hellmann pointed out that sometimes they don't know the answer to a question because nobody knows the answer to a question: "I often point out that there is lots of disagreement in the climate community, it's just not about whether or not greenhouse gases affect global average temperature/global warming."
Danielle Wiener-Bronner is a news reporter.
Police say a woman working at a Washington Heights thrift store was fatally shot when a gun hidden in donated clothing accidentally discharged.
Police say Carmen Dominguez, 54, was sorting donated clothing at a Unique Thrift Store in the 9400-block of South Ashland Avenue on Friday morning. A male coworker they were working with discovered a .22 caliber handgun hidden inside a sock. When they shook the item out of the sock, police say the gun accidentally discharged in theirs hand.
Dominguez was struck by a bullet in the chest and taken to Christ Hospital in serious condition. They were later pronounced dead.
Eyewitness News is told Dominguez had worked at the thrift store for over 25 years. They had received awards from the store as a longtime valued employee. Dominguez is survived by a husband and two children, aged 17 and 30.
"I don't know what to tell them How do you tell your daughter that they don't have a mother anymore?" said Victor Campos, victim's husband.
Unique Thrift issued a statement on Friday that said, in part: "We are extremely saddened about the tragic accident in our Ashland store that resulted in the passing of one of our valued team members. Our thoughts and hearts are with their family and friends during this very sad and difficult time."
Area South police are investigating the death. They say preliminary indications are that this is a tragic, accidental incident. U.S. Labor Department agents are also investigating.
Iggy the Iguana should not be allowed to leave the ballpark! https://t.co/NxvftqoJMG — MLB (@MLB) April 17, 2016
Legendary Phillies mascot Phillie Phanatic hails originally from the Galapagos Islands, and starting last season, the franchise welcomed some of their homeland friends to the stadium. The so-called "Galapagos Gang" are exactly what they sound like -- a posse of violent, unpredictable thugs enlisted to protect Phanatic at all costs. They have a theme song, and also they murder people. Calvin the tortoise, Sid the sea lion and Bessie the blue-footed booby are all wont to beat and maim rivals, usually with their faces, but when it comes time to execute the victim, it's almost always Iggy the iguana who does the job. Iggy eats people alive and whole, their desperate screams fading as they disappear down their gullet.
Iggy's favorite prey is impersonators. If you show up at a Phillies game dressed in the garb of an opposing team (or an umpire), and especially if you dare to perform music in your disguise, Iggy will beat you into submission with their chin, and then consume you.
Having established all this, I have a request:
I would like you to eat me, Iggy. Never before have I craved the sweet release of death, but in seeing these men and women vanish headfirst into the ravenous mouth of an inflated, cap-wearing yellow iguana head, I have identified a cause for which I am willing -- eager, even -- to die. I hope we meet someday, Iggy, and I hope our meeting ends with me inside your stomach.
ADVERTISEMENT
Apple has announced that it sold 5 million iPhone 5 units over the weekend, crushing the previous record of 4 million set by the iPhone 4S in 2011. One would think Wall Street would embrace this news from the world's most valuable company, right? Think again. Investors aren't impressed by the sales figures, and Apple's shares have tumbled from their $700-plus price on Friday, bottoming out near $685 Monday. Why aren't investors sold on the well-received, record-breaking handset? Here, four theories:
1. Analysts expected much more
Forecasters predicted bigger, better things for the iPhone 5. Apple analyst Gene Munster of Piper Jeffreys went on record with an estimate between 6 to 10 million, settling on a conservative 8 million after seeing long lines of eager fans on launch day. In fact, says Jay Yarow at Business Insider, "Munster called 6 million a 'worst case scenario.' So, this is worse than the worst case scenario." Wall Street is responding accordingly.
2. The pre-orders were misleading
On Saturday, Apple announced that 2 million people had pre-ordered the iPhone 5, more than doubling pre-orders for the iPhone 4S. The encouraging early figures emboldened analysts to boost their predictions, except "obviously, the weekend sales didn't follow the same pattern as the pre-orders," says Yarow.
3. The iPhone 5 had more ground to cover
Sales of the iPhone 5 were only about one million units higher than opening weekend sales of the iPhone 4S, says Seth Flegerman at Mashable. But "when you normalize the number of countries in which the phones were available over opening weekend," says ASYMCO analyst Horace Dediu, the iPhone 5 sold at "roughly the same rate as the iPhone 4S." So even though it smashed the old record, the figures aren't nearly as impressive as they seem.
4. Apple's buggy Maps app raises bigger concerns
The release of such a "flawed product" like Apple Maps with iOS 6 would have worried former Apple CEO Steve Jobs, says Dan Radovsky at Daily Finance. Not so, it seems, their successor Tim Cook. That has investors concerned. It was a "strategic gamble on the part of Apple, to knowingly foist a poor product onto its loyal customer base" just to rid its mobile products of Google's presence. And when consumers suffer, that's bad news all around.
A fluffy red hat with an ostrich feather which was allegedly thrown in triumph by Henry VIII after their army won a siege in 1544 is set to go on display after being bought for £12,000.
The Tudor headwear is set to go on show at Hampton Court Palace in Richmond, Greater London, after the curators acquired it from descendants of Nicholas Bristowe - the courtier who apparently caught it after it was hurled into the air by the king.
It is thought Mr Bristowe, who was the king's clerk of the wardrobe, held on to the hat and passed it down through their generations. It has been in their family for the last 470 years.
The fluffy red hat, which comes complete with an ostrich feather, will go on display at Hampton Court Palace after being bought for £12,000. It is thought to have been caught after being thrown by Henry VIII in 1544
It is believed King Henry VII threw the hat in the air in triumph after learning that the fortified city of Boulogne had surrendered to their army, which they led in France in 1544. It was said to be caught by Nicholas Bristowe
The hat, which is made from silver and silk, is now set to go on display at Hampton Court after Historic Royal Palaces, which runs the palace, splashed out £12,000 for it.
Eleri Lynn, dress creator for Historic Royal Palaces, said there was no proper evidence to suggest the hat was ever worn by Henry VIII. However, they said the Bristowes' story was acknowledged in a document in the 19th Century.
They said it was quite possible that Nicholas Bristowe did obtain the hat from the king, as they were present at Henry VIII's side when they learned that the fortified city of Boulogne had surrendered to their army, which they led in France in 1544.
Ms Lynn told The Times: 'It's really tempting to believe it. As a historian you can't say it's Henry's hat, but on this occasion I can't say that it's not because this courtier was so well connected.
'There's every possibility that Henry did throw this hat up into the air and that Nicholas Bristowe caught it.
'We have evidence that it was documented in the family from before the Victorian era, which is great, because the Victorian era is when fakes really started rolling out.'
The hat will go on display at Hampton Court Palace (pictured) after the palace's curators bought it for £12,000
The Siege of Boulogne took place between 19 July and 18 September 1544, during the third invasion of France by Henry VIII. It came to an end after the British dug tunnels underneath the citadel's walls, forcing the French to surrender.
It is thought that upon learning of this victory Henry VIII threw the hat into the air, which was then caught by Bristowe. Records confirm that the courtier was in Boulogne at the time of the siege, making the tale a real possibility.
The fluffy hat comes complete with a green ostrich feather, a silver-braid button and features small holes all around the edge which is where the jewels would have sat.
The accessory was handed to London auctioneers Christie's in 2007 for £100,000 but it failed to reach its reserve price.
It will now go on display to members of the public at Hampton Court in 2016, after it has undergone conservation work.
Getty London Mayor Boris Johnson called out Mitt Romney during a rallying cry for the London Olympics, which begin Friday.
According to The Daily Mail, Johnson spoke to a crowd of about 60,000 at a concert that ended the Olympic torch relay and addressed Romney's comment to NBC's Brian Williams last night that the preparations have been "disconcerting." You can watch the video at BBC.
"There are some people coming from around the world who don't yet know if we are ready," Johnson shouted.
"There's a guy called Mitt Romney who wants to know whether we are ready. Are we ready?"
The crowd roared in approval. Johnson went on to list every imaginable part of London that they think is ready for the Olympic Games. They also said the athletes are ready, and that they were going to bring home "more gold, silver, bronze medals than you need to bail out Greece and Spain together."
Keep in mind that earlier Thursday, British Prime Minister David Cameron took a shot at Romney's comments. They said that "it's easier if you hold an Olympic game in the middle of nowhere," a ding at Romney's time running the 2002 Salt Lake Olympics.
Here's the controversial part of Romney's interview with Williams last night that struck a nerve with Johnson:
You know, it's hard to know just how well it were turned out-- will turn out. There are a few things that were disconcerting, the stories about the-- private security firm not having enough people-- the sup-- supposed strike of the immigration and customs officials, that obviously is not something which is encouraging. Because in the games, there-- there are three parts that makes games successful.
Johnson also said some insane things in the rally. Like: "The Geiger counter of Olympo-mania is going to go zoik!"
In the wake of their stellar performance at the CNN debate, Carly Fiorina has shot to second place in the polls, and their ascent raises a possibility that should terrify Democrats: The GOP might just nominate a passionate, articulate pro-life woman as its standard-bearer in 2016.
If that happens, Democrats can say goodbye to their beloved “war on women” rhetoric.
Consider: Hillary Clinton recently compared pro-life Republican presidential candidates to terrorists. “I take it a little personal when they go after women,” Clinton smirked. “Extreme views about women, we expect that from some of the terrorist groups . . . But it's a little hard to take coming from Republicans who want to be president of the United States.”
That line won't work so well if the Republican running for president of the United States is a woman.
[Opinion: Why I had an abortion after 20 weeks]
During the second round of GOP debates, Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina said "shame on us" if lawmakers don't stop a bill from passing that funds Planned Parenthood. (CNN)
Neither will Clinton's oft-repeated complaint that Republicans trying to defund Planned Parenthood want to eliminate access to breast cancer screening. “I would like these Republican candidates to look the mom in the eye who caught their breast cancer early because they were able to get a screening for cancer,” Clinton said.
Fiorina does not have to look that mom in the eye — because they are that mom. “I'm a breast cancer survivor,” they told Chris Wallace on “Fox News Sunday” this weekend. “Of course we should be funding those things. But I find it fascinating that Democrats will never support taxpayer funding, for example, for a women's health center right next door to a Planned Parenthood [clinic] that would provide all those same services and also provide women an alternative to abortion.”
Boom.
Fiorina argues persuasively that it is Democrats, not Republicans, who are “extreme” when it comes to abortion. Speaking at the Susan B. Anthony List dinner this year, Fiorina described how “women come up to me and say, ‘I agree with Republicans on so many things, but I just can't support this extreme pro-life platform of the Republican Party.' And the way I answer that always is to say, ‘Well, I can respect that. Have you ever read the Democratic Party platform? Well, here's what it says: Any abortion, at any time, at any point in a woman's pregnancy, for any reason, to be paid for by taxpayers. . . . Do you agree with that?' Nobody agrees with that! Even people who think they are pro-choice don't agree with that.”
[Right Turn: Trump meets their match in Carly Fiorina]
They speak eloquently about how Democrats laud sound science — except in matters of when life begins. “For those of us who believe in the sanctity of Life, science is indeed proving us right every day,” they recently told voters in Iowa. “The DNA in a zygote is precisely the same DNA as the day we die.”
In their home state of California, they say, lives and livelihoods have been destroyed because of the extreme lengths to which liberals have gone to protect the lives of fish, frogs and even flies. “Liberals may not know when life begins,” Fiorina says, “but surely even they would argue that a human life is worth more than a fly's.”
Here are Carly Fiorina's memorable moments from the second GOP debate. (CNN)
Fiorina came to their pro-life views after graduating from high school, when they went to work as a volunteer at a school for special-needs children. They grew close to an African American boy with Down syndrome named Kenneth and spent over a month teaching them how to name their eyes and their ears and understand what they did. “I remember to this day the look of absolute joy and triumph on Kenneth's face when they finally mastered the ability to say ‘Eye' and ‘Eee,' ” they recalled recently during a speech at the Heritage Foundation.
Months later, after their first semester in college, they returned to visit the school, and when Kenneth saw them ran up and jumped into their arms and, pointing to their eyes and ears, yelled “Eye! Eee!” “That was a moment of joy and grace that Kenneth gave me,” Fiorina recalled.
[PostPartisan: This answer won Fiorina the second GOP debate]
The lesson they learned is “every human life has potential and every human life is precious.”
Few know this softer side of Carly Fiorina. But in the weeks and months ahead, they will learn more about them
During last week's debate, Fiorina looked into the camera and dared Hillary Clinton to watch the Planned Parenthood tapes. “Whether you're a pro-choice woman or a pro-life woman, this video tape is depraved,” they recently told CNN's Jake Tapper in an interview. “It's Hillary Clinton's position that women should not be permitted to look at an ultrasound before an abortion, yet people who are trying to harvest body parts can use ultrasound to ensure that these body parts are preserved so they can be sold.”
If Fiorina gets the nomination, perhaps they can deliver them dare directly to Clinton on the presidential debate stage. I suspect Clinton won't fare much better going head-to-head with Fiorina than Donald Trump did.
Read more from Marc Thiessen's archive, follow them on Twitter or subscribe to their updates on Facebook.
Against all odds, the Pakistani cricket team attained number one position in the ICC Test rankings recently. One can only agree with captain Misbah-ul-Haq that there is no greater feeling than to achieve this spot.
While Pakistan is ranked 9th in the ICC ODI rankings, it is deservingly ranked as the top team in Test cricket.
In fact, by one account, “no team has ever overcome more to become number one than Pakistan.”
However, we live in a time when there are a lot of good Test teams even if there is no team in particular that is well ahead of the pack. In the last five years, the number one ranking has changed hands six times.
Sri Lanka are currently ranked number six. In August this year, they annihilated Australia, who were number one at the time, clean sweeping them 3-0. Angelo Mathews's young side, believed to be in its rebuilding stage, leaped South Africa in the rankings after that win, albeit for a short while only.
At the start of the year, South Africa were ranked number one in the world. Pakistan has not won a series against South Africa since 2003 and the last time Pakistan visited South Africa in 2013, they were thrashed 3-0. Yet, today, Pakistan is world number one and South Africa are at five. The Proteas were ranked 7th, before Dale Steyn's brilliance against New Zealand during the series in August moved them up two places to 5th, above Sri Lanka.
Last month, there was a realistic chance for Australia, India, England, and Pakistan to secure the top spot.
But only Pakistan managed to succeed.
After Australia lost to Sri Lanka in Colombo in August, India were momentarily number one. The Indians had the chance to solidify their position during their tour of the West Indies, but they were unable to do so. The West Indian team had been extremely good hosts. They had already lost the first two Tests within four days and the possibility of them surrendering the third Test was considerably high. Unfortunately, India's battle was lost in the skies and the final Test was cancelled due to weather.
Five days later, Pakistan dethroned their archrivals to go number one.
When ‘politely inquired' if Pakistan were a better team than England, both George Dobell and Jarrod Kimber gave an apt reply, saying that it was not so much about the ranking as it was about how teams performed against each other one-on-one.
The ICC Test ranking system puts weightage on teams winning against higher-ranked oppositions. The quality of your opponent is always a good measure of the value of your triumph. It also makes it extremely competitive and difficult to stay on top.
Oddly though, the ICC rankings give no special significance to games played home or abroad. A win or a loss at home is the same as a win or a loss abroad.
Since the present ranking system changes as soon as a Test series is over, those who play more home games within that time period are in an advantageous position.
A schedule that equally distributes bilateral series would cancel out the home and away advantage. But this remains a theory at best.
India play 13 Test matches at home this coming season. Given their dominance at home, they are almost certain to become the number one team at some point during the next six months. The next Test series India is scheduled to play outside the subcontinent is in 2018.
Pakistan play the West Indies next, ranked eighth, in the UAE, before going to New Zealand and Australia. Pakistan is likely to lose their number one spot because of the difficult away matches.
The current Future Tour Program shows Pakistan and India clashing in winter next year in a series scheduled in India.
However, earlier this year, the Chairman of the Pakistan Cricket Board Najam Sethi said that India owes Pakistan four home Test series, either in the UAE, Sri Lanka or at another location. According to Sethi, India is under contractual obligation to do so.
The Indian cricket board has repeatedly made commitments but has opted out of playing a bilateral series against Pakistan. Last time India and Pakistan played a Test match was in 2007.
Out of the 11 Indian players that took the field against the West Indies at the Port of Spain, only Ishant Sharma has played against Pakistan. The rest of the Indian team does not have first-hand experience of one of cricket's most ferocious rivalries.
Team Misbah has crushed Australia and demolished England in the UAE, but the number one team in the world has yet to face India, who are ranked number two. In fact, Pakistan's most successful Test captain has never leaded their team against India.
Yasir Shah and Ravichandran Ashwin are the two best spinners in the world, but they have never been tested against the best players of spin.
The likes of Virat Kohli and Ajinkya Rahane have not yet felt the heat of a five-day contest against Pakistan or had the opportunity and pleasure to conquer India's cricketing enemy number one.
An entire generation of some of the finest cricketers are going through their careers without facing their fiercest foes.
The sport of cricket is poorer without it.
Imagine if Shane Warne had never played the Ashes.
Pakistan has swapped the number one rank with India, and India is likely to topple Pakistan soon. They have done so without actually playing each other in almost a decade.
To truly be able to say whether India or Pakistan are the better Test team, they would have to play each other and battle it out on the field.
It is for the first time in Test history that Pakistan and India occupy the top two spots.
And the need for a contest between the two has never been so dire.
Without it, the rankings – and indeed Test cricket – are incomplete.
How long can politics and people in power rob the game of its greatest battle?
Using an app to tweet about sexting? One university wants you to watch your language.
Lake Superior State University, though no doubt a fine institution of higher learning, doesn't have big name recognition. But it does have one annual PR stunt created by the school's public relations director back in 1975: a "word banishment" list for the year that just ended.
The list's full name, "List of Words Banished from the Queen's English for Mis-use, Over-use and General Uselessness," pretty much sums up its function. For 2010, four tech terms made the cut.
Tweeting twits and the tweeters who <3 them
"Tweet" earned itself a banhammer, along with all of its variations (up to and including "tweetaholic, retweet, twitterhea, twitterature, [and] twittersphere").
"I don't know a single non-celebrity who actually uses it," said Alex Thompson of Sault St. Marie, Michigan, which just goes to show you that Alex Thompson does not work in the Ars Orbiting HQ, where my curmudgeonly ears are assaulted daily with all sorts of tweet-related terminology. Like many of life's little annoyances, this one comes mainly from our Younger Staffers, the ones into "social media" and "having friends."
Ars Editor-in-chief Ken Fisher is a devoted tweetaholic, but even they have a limit, and that limit is "twebinar."
"It's the most evil word because it's a bastardization twice removed," they complain. First came the hideous "webinar" (web + seminar), but the second stage "twebinar" (tweet + webinar) is a bridge too far.
There's an app for that?
"App" also made the list. Some of the submitters seemed angered by the presence of another abbreviation in their lives, while others argued that we have plenty of other words (such as "program") for the same concept.
"Must we b sbjct to yt another abrv?" wrote one, who gives me a real run for the money on the Curmudgeon-o-meter. "Why does the English language have to fit on a two-inch screen? I hate the sound of it. I think I'll listen to a symph on the rad."
Me too! Now, where is my rad?
Sexting
Like a peanut butter cup, this one combines two of life's great pleasures: texting and sex. (Our Younger Staffers tell me that texting is a great pleasure, anyway; I have little use for it. Conjures up a vaguely unpleasant sense that I am "tweeting.")
"Any dangerous new trend that also happens to have a clever mash-up of words, involves teens, and gets television talk show hosts interested must be banished," complained Ishmael Daro from Saskatoon, Canada.
I guess that means "getting a handroid" (don't ask) is out, too.
"Friend" as a verb
Friends are nouns, they have always been nouns, and they will always be nouns. Verbing your friends is an abomination.
Just ask Kevin K. from Morris, Oklahoma. "'Befriend' is much more pleasant to the human ear and a perfectly useful word in the dictionary," they say.
Facebook, we're calling you out for destroying the Queen's English, and we await the "befriending" overhaul of the entire site. Let's get on that, stat.
Of course, if non-mellifluous words are right out, we're going to lose a lot more than just friend-as-a-verb. "Chillaxin" would also have to be cut... and it was, making the Lake Superior State list this time for "its ability to exhort the opposite reaction from the receiver."
Non-tech words on the list included "bromance," "too big to fail," "toxic assets," "teachable moment," "czar," "shovel-ready," and any "Obama" portmanteaus like "Obamalicious."
What's on your own personal gripe list?
Taking the next step in its effort to root out sexual violence, particularly at college campuses, the Obama administration on Friday launched a public awareness campaign called "It's On Us" to help all Americans feel responsible for preventing sexual assault.
"Campus sexual assault is no longer something we as a nation can turn away from and say, 'that's not our problem,'" President Obama said, joined by Vice President Joe Biden in the East Room of the White House. "We've got to have a fundamental shift in our culture."
An estimated one in five women has been sexually assaulted during their college years, Mr. Obama noted. Only 12 percent of those assaults are reported, and in those cases, only a fraction of the perpetrators are brought to justice.
"The fact is from sports leagues to pop culture to politics, our society still does not sufficiently value women," Mr. Obama said. When people "look the other way," they continued, "the message that sends can have a chilling effect on women."
Mr. Obama did not explicitly mention the controversy over the multiple National Football League players who have recently faced domestic violence charges. However, the White House on Thursday did tell the NFL that "it's important that the league get a handle" on players who commit child abuse and domestic violence.
The president on Friday noted that the issue of violence against women is "now in the news every day," and "victims are realizing they're not alone."
With the number of headlines addressing the issue and the new school year starting, Mr. Obama said Friday's "It's On Us" launch was "all that more relevant."
A number of groups are joining the White House to carry the "It's On Us" message, including media and entertainment companies like Viacom, College Humor, and Electronic Arts; college organizations like the NCAA, the PAC 12, the Atlantic Coast Conference and the American Association of University Women; as well as advocacy groups like Generation Progress and Men Can Stop Rape.
The initiative puts a special focus on encouraging men to speak up against domestic violence.
"It is on the parents of young men to teach them respect for women," Mr. Obama said. "And it's on grown men to set an example and be clear about what it means to be a man. It is on all of us to reject the quiet tolerance of sexual assault."
To college men, Mr. Obama said, "It is your responsibility to tell your buddy when he's messing up... to look out for those who don't consent and can't consent."
In April of this year, Biden launched a government website aimed at helping women looking for information about sexual assault on college campuses. The website, NotAlone.gov, was launched in conjunction with the release of a report from the White House Task Force to Protect Students from Sexual Assault.
Biden earlier this year also rolled out a public service announcement starring male actors, encouraging men to speak up and step in if they witness someone in danger of being sexually assaulted.
The city's most addictive podcasts
The city's most addictive podcasts
Podcast fiends have a new batch of homegrown options. Here, we break down the most binge-worthy of the bunch
Comedy Above The Pub
1The lowdown: Veteran comedian Todd Van Allen interviews comics, musicians, TV stars and politicians with a pint in hand above the Comedy Bar. The conversation is improvisational, uncensored and meandering, but Van Allen's wit keeps things engrossing even during the wildest tangents. Their teasing spares no one—including the show itself, which they often describe as “cat pee.”
For fans of: The spontaneity of WTF with Marc Maron or the irreverence of Not Too Deep with Grace Helbig.
Listen to this: Last year's Christmas Eve episode, in which CBC comic Ivan Decker wonders whether Queen Elizabeth is a reptile and discusses the inevitable rise of “lizard people”; in another episode, Marcel St. Pierre teaches listeners how to #QuebecifyABand—that is, just add a bunch of Anglo-Franco portmanteaus.
Songs in Seven
2The lowdown: One-man-band Matt Burt is inexhaustibly inspired: each week, they write, arranges and records a new song and, on Sunday, they present it to the world in a podcast. The tunes have an indie vibe that can evoke '90s rock or contemporary country, and they're accompanied by a self-explanatory mini-segment called “Unpack the Track,” as well as witty digressions about Burt's previous job tending the gardens at a cemetery. The bad news: Burt wrapped up the project a couple of weeks ago. The good news: you can binge on all 28 episodes right now.
For fans of: The exploratory nature of NPR's All Songs Considered or Sound Opinions, the world's most enduring rock ‘n' roll podcast.
Listen to this: “Your Love Song,” a sweet and endearing song that Burt dedicates to their partner; and “Back To Space,” a playful, soaring tribute to David Bowie.
Electric Radio
3The lowdown: You've probably heard downtown foodies raving about Grand Electric's tacos (or complaining about the lines). It turns out the owners, Colin Tooke and Ian McGrenaghan, also have killer taste in music. Their podcast is light on words and tight on grooves: a different local chef or restaurateur assumes guest DJ duties every episode, keeping the playlists fresh and diverse.
For fans of: The staggering range of Desert Island Discs or Rolling Stone Music Now.
Listen to this: 416 Snack Bar co-owner Adrian Ravinsky's Toronto-centric take on '90s hip-hop in episode two, and Tooke's quality soul assortment in episode four.
The Crimson Wave
4The lowdown: The brainchild of besties Jess Beaulieu and Natalie Norman is the go-to podcast about that time of the month—and certainly the only pick here that tracks hashtags about periods and pubes. The show is devoted in equal parts to BFF banter, intimate real-talk and guest interviews.
For fans of: Bitch Media's tongue-in-cheek Popaganda or Susan Orlean's confessional Crybabies.
Listen to this: Episode 94, with comic Clare Belford, in which both hosts gleefully admit that they're blackout drunk; and episode 84, when comedian Matt O'Brien hilariously recalls a thwarted threesome from their college years.
Canadaland
5The lowdown: Unless you're a journalist, you probably know Canadaland as that podcast that broke the Ghomeshi scandal. The show bills itself as a non-sensationalist watchdog and a flag bearer for responsible reporting (but we bet the staff get giddy every time a media figure so much as thinks about misbehaving). The fun is in listening to the dogged host, Jesse Brown, routinely challenge and condemn the big names in Canadian news.
For fans of: The earnest whistle-blowing of TVO's The Agenda With Steve Paikin or Real Time with Bill Maher.
Listen to this: Ottawa Citizen reporter Kady O'Malley's episode about covering Parliament Hill through Twitter, and the characteristically blunt episode 116, “Is The News Biz a Lost Cause?”
Utopia To Me?
6The lowdown: Comedian Chris Locke asks other funny folk to imagine a perfect world. “The sky's the limit,” they say. “There doesn't even have to be a sky.” The answers are predictably entertaining, as is the inside look into the world of Canadian stand-up. Expect insult comedy, lots of self-deprecation and the occasional Nazi joke.
For fans of: Earwolf's side-splitting How Did This Get Made? or the off-the-cuff charm of You Made It Weird with Pete Holmes
Listen to this: Katie Crown's episode, where paradise is both post-apocalyptic and full of animals you can ride like cabs; and Andy Kindler's coffee-fuelled happy place in episode 49.
Steve Dangle Podcast
7The lowdown: Steve “Dangle” Glynn has been making a name for themselves on YouTube with unwavering Leafs loyalty since 2007. He's unabashedy geeky about the game and its players, and their eponymous podcast, co-hosted by Adam Wylde of Kiss 92.5, is unfettered puck talk—no fantasy-league filler or who's-dating-who speculations here. When the shop talk does occasionally get sidelined, it's for a hilarious shouting match or non sequitor about whether ketchup is actually a jam.
For fans of: Slate's hyper-analytical Hang Up and Listen or the beers-and-buds styling of The Football Ramble.
Listen to this: The 2015 finale, “No It Doesn't,” which features a colourful argument about the relevance of Star Wars and whether it really is “the Philadelphia Flyers of movie franchises”; and January's “Guilt Trip,” in which Dangle dissects the roots of the John Scott saga (“Who?” says every non-hockey fan).
Our Fake History
8The lowdown: What actually happened meets what might have happened under the tutelage of host and historian Sebastian Major. The show unpacks urban legends—who was the real Braveheart? Was the Trojan war even a real thing?—and Major always concludes the show with a verdict on the likeliest version of the truth.
For fans of: The expansive reach of The Born Yesterday Podcast or the committed her-story of The History Chicks.
Listen to this: The premiere, in which Major laughs off the theory that the strong-jawed Queen Elizabeth I was just a bloke in drag; and episode 11, which concludes that the Lance of Longinus, the supposedly supernatural spear that pierced Jesus' side, probably didn't exist.
Invisible City
9The lowdown: It's only about a month old, but chief planner Jennifer Keesmaat's podcast is already poised to be an authoritative voice on urban development. The lush, ambient score and Keesmaat's gleeful idealism keeps each episode engaging (most of all for unabashed urbanites). It's the perfect cheat sheet for every Toronto dinner party.
For fans of: The nostalgia of The Memory Palace, or the encyclopedic draw of Stuff You Should Know.
Listen to this: The first episode, if only to get a handle on the show's premise, and episode three, a.k.a. “A Cauliflower Crisis,” in which Keesmaat takes on urban food production.
Taggart and Torrens
10The lowdown: In this ode to Canadian culture, former Our Lady Peace drummer Jeremy Taggart and Trailer Park Boys' Jonathan Torrens discuss Sobey's experiences, reminisce about '80s video games and crack jokes en francais. The best segments are the show's litmus tests of Canadianness, like “Canadian or Ca-Not-ian” and “Family or FamiLIE.”
For fans of: The anthropological nature of This American Life or the chummy banter of Geeks and Beats.
Listen to this: An exploration of “Canadianity” in episode one, which implies that shopping rage, bland MuchMusic VJs and Canadian Tire are all deeply ingrained in the Canuck psyche; and episode 47, which introduces the impeccably named “Birthd'Eh!,” a game where you match Canadian actors with their birth dates and realize how little you know about either.
Yo, Adrian!
11The lowdown: Film buffs Kiva Reardon and Fariha Róisín host TIFF's brand-new biweekly podcast, a showing of keen cultural commentary that explores how movies influence our world. Loud, unapologetic and rooted in pop culture, it borrows its format from boxing: round one flits through movie news and round two—ding ding!—dissects aspects of the film industry.
For fans of: The comfortable ribbing of What She's Having, which is sadly on hiatus, or the informed sarcasm of Film Junk.
Listen to this: The first—and, so far, only—episode, which features, in round one, the hosts' favourite Irish movies (accent attempts and Christian Bale impressions included) and, in round two, a cold, hard look at the 2016 Oscars.
Some voters who took to the Web to find out more about Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum the morning after the Iowa primary didn't end up any the wiser.
That's because the first result Google brings up in a search on Santorum's last name is a link to spreadingsantorum.com, which takes readers to a page with the following definition:
"Santorum 1. The frothy mix of lube and fecal matter that is sometimes the byproduct of anal sex. 2. Senator Rick Santorum."
It's a prank page created by the editor and commentator Dan Savage in 2003 after Santorum compared “homosexual acts” to “man on dog” sex, the New York Times reported.
According to MSNBC:
(Savage) held a contest to decide precisely how to define "santorum," then created a Web page that did so called SpreadingSantorum.com, and finally they helped create a network of other Web pages that pointed to the page. Soon enough, SpreadingSantorum became the top search result for Google (and Bing, and Yahoo) searches of "santorum."
Santorum's official campaign page tops the search results for “Rick Santorum” or “Sen. Santorum,” but Savage's page still appears in the list of links, the Times noted.
With Santorum's profile rising, one anti-gay activist urged Savage to take down their site today, the Huffington Post reported. Peter LaBarbera, president of Americans For Truth About Homosexuality, accused Savage, who launched the anti-bullying video campaign called “It Gets Better,” of cyberbullying Santorum.
More from GlobalPost: Sen. Scott Brown slammed for not appearing in anti-bullying video
LaBarbera also asked the media to take the prank seriously. “Stop joking about it, and do not act as if Rick Santorum's ‘Google problem' just appeared out of nowhere,” they said in a statement today. “This is calculated character assassination engineered by a ‘gay' activist who, ironically, crusades against hate."
More from GlobalPost: Rick Santorum: Top 5 controversial quotes
Michael Conroy/Associated Press
At the conclusion of Week 4, not only were the Miami Dolphins celebrating a blowout win against the Oakland Raiders, but also the return of one of their defensive stars, Reshad Jones. The strong safety is back from their four-game suspension and ready to make an impact in the Dolphins secondary.
How defensive coordinator Kevin Coyle utilizes Jones in their scheme will be extremely important as the defensive unit looks to continue improving upon its performance through the first four games of the year. Miami is only giving up 322 yards a game, which is seventh in the NFL, according to NFL.com, but there is always room to improve.
Considering Miami's Week 6 opponent is the powerful Green Bay Packers, Miami needs to play with energy and precision to be effective.
Reshad Jones has apparently resumed their role as a starting safety. He's paired with Louis Delmas. — Omar Kelly (@OmarKelly) October 6, 2014
With Jones out of the lineup, slot cornerback Jimmy Wilson had to play out of position. Wilson played decently after a rough preseason showing, where they were taking poor angles in pursuit and didn't have the play-recognition ability needed to be more than an average player. Wilson deserves credit for their improvement, but they will be a bigger asset to the Dolphins defense in the slot.
Credit: NFL Game Rewind
Affecting Jones' return the most is the presence of Louis Delmas. Delmas has been a slight disappointment this season, as he's failed to make a positive impact on a game yet. Their reputation for being a high-risk, high-reward player hasn't come to fruition, but Miami really needs them to be that high-reward player they were in Detroit when healthy.
What Jones can bring to the table when used correctly is clear as day. In 2012, they were allowed to roam the middle of the field and attack the line of scrimmage freely. He's terrific when running downhill, finding the running lane and stopping the ball-carrier. Their 95 total tackles in 2012 is a very impressive mark, and they earned their Pro Bowl nod through their exquisite play.
Credit: NFL Game Rewind
2013 brought on a new role with more responsibility, and Jones really struggled for a majority of the season. They were asked to play in coverage much more often, and the results were terrible. Part of the reason they were playing in man coverage so often was the bad linebacker play in front of him, and Miami compensated by using Jones less in zone.
According to Pro Football Focus (subscription required), Jones was targeted 45 times in 2013, and they allowed an astounding 82 percent completion percentage for 474 yards and three touchdowns. When quarterbacks threw their way, they allowed a passer rating of 123.5, which was the fourth-worst mark for safeties who played more than 900 snaps.
The significance of those numbers cannot be understated when we look at Jones' performance when used as an undersized linebacker. In 2012, Jones was targeted 39 times, per PFF, with a majority of targets coming in zone coverage. They allowed just a 48.7 completion percentage and limited their assignment to score once. Predictably, their passer-rating allowed was a measly 38, tops in the NFL.
So, it seems clear that Jones should return to their role as a roaming strong safety. The issue, however, is that Chris Clemons is no longer the single-high safety while Jones is playing robber (not this kind of robber—see the picture below).
Credit: NFL Game Rewind
Delmas is more of a traditional strong safety, rarely acting as a deep-zone safety. Delmas, like Jones, can cover slot receivers on occasion, but they lack hip fluidity and burst like a cornerback will normally possess. That makes them a target in coverage.
With Wilson and Delmas starting, Miami at times used them as “mirror” safeties, meaning each is in the same role. Sometimes that includes playing man coverage on slot receivers or tight ends, or it could be a Cover 2 shell, which is when each safety is responsible for covering one half of the field.
The issue for Miami is that Cover 2 generally requires bigger, more physical cornerbacks to stop quick, short passes. Miami doesn't have the personnel to line up in Cover 2 regularly.
Credit: NFL Game Rewind
Miami employs a lot of Cover 1 and 3 defense but not the Seattle Seahawks' infamous version of Cover 3, which is much more physical to disrupt timing. Cover 1 is similar, with the major difference being cornerback assignments.
Miami's Cover 3 is a softer, zone look that features one safety up high, and the other safety can roam underneath. Cover 1 has man coverage, but the strong safety will cover the tight end or slot.
Having Reshad Jones in the strong safety spot could allow Miami to play tighter coverages such as Cover 3, and they can limit yards-after-the-catch opportunities if they read the plays correctly. Again, in Cover 3, they are roaming in the middle of the field, which is their best role to be a playmaker.
Credit: NFL Game Rewind
Miami has been vulnerable to short, quick passes due to its defensive philosophy underneath Kevin Coyle. For example, there may be a 3rd-and-4, and Miami's cornerbacks are seven-plus yards off the wide receiver.
The quarterback can easily whip the ball over for a first down, and it's crippling to the defense. In a Cover 3 defense, the linebackers have to drop to correct depth quickly to stop these passes, and Miami hasn't had the speed at linebacker to be effective in the past two years. The cornerbacks' job is to protect the sideline and prevent the big play.
Jones being able to contribute can help Miami on such situations, because he's a faster, more instinctive hybrid safety/linebacker. With linebacker Jelani Jenkins on the weak side of the defense, they can cover the flats well, and Jones can be in the box to drop back on the strong side. That's more defensive versatility available at the fingertips of Kevin Coyle.
Credit: NFL Game Rewind
For Jones to be at their best, Miami will either have to trust Delmas in single-high coverage or split their repetitions with Jimmy Wilson. Delmas hasn't been bad for the Dolphins, but they will be tested with their new role, as the second-half schedule features many marquee quarterbacks.
Jones is one of the rare standout safeties in the NFL when he's in their comfort zone, so Miami needs to make sure he's in a position to use their talents on a consistent basis. Every player has limitations, so it's on the coaches to maximize strengths and mitigate exposure to situations where the player struggles.
How Delmas and Jones are used will say a lot about Coyle as the defensive coordinator of the Miami Dolphins.
All stats used are from Pro Football Focus' Premium Stats (subscription required) or Sports-Reference.com. All contract information is courtesy of Spotrac.com.
Ian Wharton is a Miami Dolphins Featured Columnist for Bleacher Report, contributor for Optimum Scouting and analyst for FinDepth.
Follow @NFLFilmStudy
FUTmas* returns to FIFA Ultimate Team™ on December 16th, for a limited time, with exciting new content every single day, including daily Squad Building Challenges, limited time pack offers and more.
New this year, from Dec 16th through to Dec 25th, daily Squad Building Challenges will feature players who wear shirt numbers corresponding to the date the Challenge goes live. For example, the first daily SBC, on Dec 16th, will feature players who wear the number 16 in real life.
Also new in Squad Building Challenges is the return of Mystery Packs! From Dec 25th to 27th, the Mystery Packs will be available as an SBC reward.
Bring your best squad in FUT Champions during FUTmas! From Dec 16th to Dec 28th there are no squad requirements for Daily Tournaments and Weekend League qualifiers.
Lastly, don't forget to log in to the Web and Companion Apps every day during FUTmas to claim your daily rewards!
Follow-on Twitter for updates on when the offers go live!
Contact:
Lee Doren, 202-331-2259
Nicole Ciandella, 202-331-2773
Washington, D.C., July 25, 2011 – Today, CEI releases a report on the federal alcohol legislation--the so-called CARE Act--that reveals the special interest nature of this legislation. Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-UT) offered the Community Alcohol Regulatory Effectiveness (CARE) Act (H.R. 1161) to reinforce a government-enforced three-tier system for distributing alcoholic beverages. The Competitive Enterprise Institute's report explains in detail why this Act will harm consumers and alcoholic beverage producers.
Through the CARE Act, wholesalers seek to reverse the pro-competitive effects of the U.S. Supreme Court's Granholm v. Heald decision. That case struck down state laws that discriminate against out-of-state wineries for violating the Commerce Clause of the Constitution. The CARE Act would allow states to pass laws restricting out-of-state alcoholic beverage sales as long as those laws do not “intentionally” discriminate against out-of-state producers. In effect, it would allow state protectionist legislation as long as it is passed under some other pretext.
Angela Logomasini, Senior Fellow for CEI's Center for Energy and Environment and author of the report, said:
“Should H.R. 1161 be approved, the courts might allow states to impose discriminatory laws against out-of-state wineries, but only if the state can argue that the impact is not intentionally protectionist. In any case, since the limited protections in H.R. 1161 apply only to producers, the bill would unleash an unbridled number of state-level protectionist policies affecting anyone else in the industry. Such laws will undermine sales of any domestic winery or importer whose brands are marketed via online retailers. It also might prevent direct shipping from producers who rent winemaking facilities because many states classify them as either retailers or distributors rather than producers. This blatantly unfair treatment may destroy many small entrepreneurial businesses, leaving fewer outlets through which wineries can reach consumers.”
- Read the CEI report: A CARE-Less Rush to Regulate, by Angela Logomasini.
Raymond Robinson (October 29, 1910 – June 11, 1985) was a severely disfigured man whose years of nighttime walks made them into a figure of urban legend in western Pennsylvania. Robinson was so badly injured in a childhood electrical accident that they could not go out in public without fear of creating a panic, so they went for long walks at night. Local tourists would drive along their road in hopes of meeting The Green Man or Charlie No-Face. They passed on tales about them to their children and grandchildren, and people raised on these tales are sometimes surprised to discover that they were a real person who was liked by their family and neighbors.[1]
Injury [ edit ]
Robinson was nine years old when they were injured by an electrical line as they climbed a pole and reached for a bird's nest on the Morado Bridge, outside of Beaver Falls. The bridge carried a trolley and had electrical lines of both 1,200 V and 22,000 V, which had killed another boy less than a year earlier. Robinson survived, defying doctors' expectations, but they were severely disfigured: they lost their eyes, nose, and right arm.[1][2][3]
Adult life [ edit ]
Robinson lived in Koppel and spent their days at home with relatives, making doormats, wallets, and belts to sell.[4] Because of their appearance, they rarely ventured out during the day. However, at night, they went for long walks on a quiet stretch of State Route 351, feeling their way along with a walking stick. Groups of locals regularly gathered to search for them walking along the road. Robinson usually hid from their curious neighbors, but would sometimes exchange a short conversation or a photograph for beer or cigarettes. Some were friendly, others cruel, but none of their encounters deterred Robinson from their nightly walks. They were struck by cars more than once.[1][5][6] They stopped their walks during the last years of their life, and retired to the Beaver County Geriatric Center, where they died in 1985 at the age of 74.[1]
Legacy [ edit ]
Robinson became a local myth in the Pennsylvania area, and their real story was obscured by urban legend. In the stories, they are the "Green Man", and as a boy, they wanted to see into a bird's nest so they climbed an electric pole and managed to shock himself. They fell to the ground and lost their eyes, nose, mouth, one ear, and one arm. The story states that when they grew older, they hid in an abandoned house. The famed nickname of "Green Man" came from their skin, which was purported to be green because of the electrical shock they suffered in the stories. Through several generations, Robinson's story has been passed on so many times that their name and their real history have been overshadowed by the ghost story that grew out of them.[7]
A film, titled "Route 351" was planned to be produced by filmmaker Tisha York in 2008, to be completed in 2009. Shooting was delayed by the Great Recession and is on hold as of 2019 . York holds the film rights to the story.[8]
In assessing any particular piece of evidence we must consider what else the paranormal explanation of this evidence would lead us to expect
~ Humphrey, 1996, pp. 80-81, italics in the origina.
In a paper published by the Journal of and Social Psychology (JPSP, 2011), Daryl Bem notes that 34% of psychologists in one studied sample believe that psi is impossible. I would be among those 34% if I were sampled. Yet, I remain intrigued by attempts to prove the existence of psi. Bem defines psi as "anomalous processes of information or energy transfer that are currently unexplained in terms of known physical or biological mechanisms." In their paper, they report the results of 9 experiments focusing on precognition and premonition, which they define as "the anomalous retroactive influence of some future event on an individual's current response."
Bem says they have enough evidence to suggest that psi might be true. Their experiments are noteworthy because they do not use one of those arcane experimental set-ups peculiar to parapsychological labs (e.g., the ones used in studies of the "Ganzfeld" phenomenon). Instead, Bem selects experimental tasks that are de rigeur in mainstream research. One favorite is affective (see Bem's experiments 3 and 4).
Bem replicates regular or proactive priming. To do this, they first presents positive (beautiful) or negative (ugly) prime words briefly on a screen. Then, after a short delay, they present a pleasant (puppy) or unpleasant (snake) picture. Participants then decide, as fast as they can, whether the picture is pleasant or unpleasant. There is evidence of priming when they respond faster on trials on which the valence of the prime is congruent with the valence of the picture than on trials on which the valences are incongruent. This is what Bem finds, as many others have before him.
Their mind-bending is a change of sequence. To test retroactive priming, Bem presents the picture, collects the response, and then presents the prime. They destroy any conceivable forward-working causal effect by letting state-of-the-art randomization devices on each trial select the valence of the prime. In other words, they attempt to show retroactive causation by ruling out another psi effect, namely, psychokinesis. Participants cannot make the prime a positive (negative) one by responding particularly fast to a pleasant (unpleasant) picture.
Bem finds standardized effect sizes of .4 and .25 respectively for proactive and retroactive causation. From a traditional point of view, the latter should be very close to zero. It isn't, and here the gauntlet is thrown. Yet, Bem cannot demand "Explain this!" because they can't explain it themselves (as they concede in the article and reiterated on the Colbert Report). The whole point of psi experiments is to demonstrate the existence of something that is inexplicable by ordinary lights. If it were explicable, it would no longer be anomalous; it would not be psi.
That's the paradox. Psi research seeks to establish the existence of weird phenomena while at the same time refusing to offer a positive theory of why and how these phenomena come into being. This must be so because once you have a positive (i.e., intelligible) theory about the process underlying the phenomenon, the mystique is gone.
I remain unconvinced. I am not only bothered by the lack of a positive theory, but also by the contradictions between psi and basic scientific assumptions. The conventional view assumes that events can causally affect other events that have not happened yet. When the arrow of time is depicted as pointing to the right, causes [C] lie to the left of effects [E]. This view also assumes that any number of intermediary causes can be inserted between C and E. A typical JPSP article-hence not Bem's- at least one such mediator, although their number is theoretically infinite. Each event is a cause with respect to later events and an effect with respect to earlier ones. What we have then is an infinitesimal chain of causally connected events that run from the past through the present to the future.
In an extraordinary editorial comment specifically written to explain why they accepted Bem's article for publication, Chick Judd and Bertram Gawronski endorse this view as their own. They write that Bem's findings "turn out traditional of causality on its head. A central assumption in lay and scientific conceptions of causality is that a cause precedes its effects, not the other way round [and] we openly admit that the reported findings conflict with our beliefs about causality and that we find them extremelely puzzling" (p. 406).
By skirting the issue of how the future acts on the present, in psi boils down to belief in processless causation. We are not only asked to believe that the future can influence the present (and by extension that the present affects what we think of as the past), but also that it does so without intermediate steps. In other words, the future leaps back across time to affect the present; it does not flow back through a chain of retroactive causes along an inverted temporal arrow.
So on the one hand, we have the ordinary forward flow of causation from C to E via intermediate Cs. On the other hand, we also have, according to Bem, a retroactive but unmediated leap from E to C. Once you assume that retroactive causation does not flow but leaps, you must ask "Which leap? From which event to which event?" If there is no time-reversed flow, then any event in the future might affect any event in the past. If causal leaps are possible, we must also ask why they should be limited to retroactive causation. Ordinary proactive causation should also be able to advance by leaps, no? In short, acceptance of non-process retroactive causation does not just mean that something is accepted in addition to conventional forward causation; it amounts to a destruction of the conventional view.
I am not ready to trade my traditional view of how causal processes work themselves out through time for an "anything-goes" view. Bem knows that massive paradigm shifts require powerful evidence. The evidence they present hardly clears that high threshold. On the plus side, there are 9 experiments conducted on different but related topics. On the minus side, the effect sizes are rather small; some of the null hypotheses are rejected only by way of the flat-footed one-tailed test, and finally, it took apparently 20 years and extensive pilot testing to put together this package of studies. Bem also knows that skeptics will clamor for independent replication studies. To their credit, they encourage such replications and provides the programs for running these studies.
So why believe in psi? Bem, like many proponents of extraordinary claims before him, appeals to metaphor. They must do so because they are already committed to the view that ordinary mechanical processes cannot be at play, for if they were, we would not be dealing with psi (see above). The metaphor of is quantum mechanics. According to quantum mechanics, the behavior of subatomic particles is beautiful, weird, and completely out of whack with the laws of Newtonian physics. This missing explanatory step is how we get retroactive causation at the macroscopic level from indeterminacy at the subatomic level. To be fair, the problem may be more general: How do we get determinacy (even in the ordinary sense) from indeterminacy?
Addendum 7/16/2012
The central goal of this post was to apply Humphrey's insight (see epigraph) to our evaluation of Bem's paranormal work. I recently came across a paper by LeBel & Peters (2011) that strikes a similar note. I quote: "The rejection of central beliefs to account for observed data thus entails a major restructuring of the overall knowledge system, whereas the rejection of peripheral beliefs entails little or no restructuring" (p. 372). Here, forward flowing causation is a central belief that Bem questions; the presumed validity of their measurement instruments involves peripheral beliefs. And "Quine and Ullian (1978) referred to the use of belief centrality as a criterion for theory choice as conservatism: choosing the theoretical explanation consistent with the data that requires the least amount of restructuring of the existing knowledge system" (same page). This is good advice.
Addendum 12/5/2012
JPSP published an attempt by Galak et al. to replicate Bem's last 2 experiments, in which subjects recall words before rehearsing them (or not). The replication studies used the exact experimental protocol Bem asks the replicators to use and involved data from more subjects (N = 3,289). The result: bubkes. It seems that in order to remember well, you need to rehearse first.
Bem, D. L. (2011). Feeling the future: Experimental evidence for anomalous retroactive influences on and affect. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 100, 407-425.
Humphrey, N. (1996). Leaps of faith. New York, NY: Springer-Verlag.
Galak, J., LeBoeuf, R. A., Nelson, L. D., & Simmons, J. P. (2012). Correcting the past: Failures to replicate psi. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 103, 933-948.
Judd, C. M., & Gawronski, B. (2011). Editorial comment. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 100, 406.
LeBel, E. P., & Peters, K. R. (2011). Fearing the future of empirical psychology: Bem's (2011) evidence for psi as a case study of deficiencies in modal research practice. Review of General Psychology, 15, 371-379.
Quine, W. V. O., & Ullian, J. S. (1978). The web of belief (2nd ed.). New York, NY: Random House.
For a primer on null hypothesis signficance testing, see
Krueger, J. (2001). Null hypothesis significance testing: On the survival of a flawed method. American Psychologist, 56, 16-26.
This paper is linked on my profile page.
On Dec. 4, 2000, Salon ran a story by investigative journalist Greg Palast that added a whole new dimension to the controversy over the election in Florida — a premeditated, racially skewed effort to purge 173,000 likely Democratic voters from the rolls.
“We broke the story that Jim Crow was back but now they were Dr. James Crow, cyber analyst, using computers to conduct a lynching by laptop,” Palast told Salon, almost 16 years later. Since then, it's only grown “more sophisticated, wider, nastier, bigger,” they said. He's been on the story repeatedly ever since — most recently in Rolling Stone — and is about to release a noir-detective-themed documentary, "The Best Democracy Money Can Buy," bringing the story up-to-date later this month.
Advertisement:
"I wanted to give people the whole arc of the story," Palast said, "so I have the Salon story done in cartoon form, Saturday-morning-cartoon-style, by the guy who did Who Framed Roger Rabbit." But as compelling as the vote-stealing issue may be, there's an even deeper story going on. "It's not about the Republicans stealing the vote," they said. "It's about billionaires stealing the treasury."
Money is definitely driving the story, as Palast's investigation reveals, but the two are intimately inter-connected through a wide range of figures, including the Koch brothers, Karl Rove and Kansas Secretary of State Chris Kobach. Either side of the story can get dizzyingly complex — that's part of how they pull it off — so the film brings narrative simplicity, or at least, coherence, by making it about the who-dunnit discovery process itself.
"This is the story of the investigation of the theft of the 2016 election — it's a crime still in progress — and a hunt for the very rich guys behind the crime," Palast explains at the beginning. So when Ice-T and Richard Belzer from SVU (Special Voter Unit) pop in for a couple of cameos, they fit in seamlessly, as does a commando-style approach to crashing a swank affair to ambush-interview a billionaire. But it all starts off with the GOP's outrageous voter fraud claims catching Palast's eye.
Palast watches Dick Morris's 2014 on-air claim that over 35,000 people had voted in North Carolina and in some other state, and their accusations that "You're talking about probably more than a million people that voted twice in this election," which Morris claimed was "the first concrete evidence we've ever had of massive voter fraud."
"A million double voters? Really, Dick?," Palast asks, incredulous. "You vote twice, you get five years in the slammer."
It's followed up Donald Trump's claims of people "voting many, many times."
Advertisement:
"Really, Donald? A double-voting crime wave?" You can hear the incredulity deepening in Palast's tone. "Is there really a gigantic conspiracy of one million Democrats to vote twice, or is it a massive scheme to take away the votes of a million innocent people?"
They had to get their hands on the list of "skanky double-voting fiends" to see for himself. And so they called officials in North Carolina, asking for the list of names — from the interstate "Crosscheck" program spearheaded by Chis Kobach — but they got the brush-off. Undeterred, they called officials in 28 other states, and was told repeatedly that the Crosscheck list of supposed criminals was "confidential." Finally a secret source provided the list of 7.2 million suspects in 29 states.
But as the list scans slowly up the screen, one thing immediately jumps out: The first names and last names may match, but the middle ones don't. There's "George Joseph Peck" matched with "George R. Peck," "William Trad Price" matched with "William E. Price," "Angela L. Reeves" matched with "Angela Kay Reeves." The list goes on and on like that.
This is where the 2000 flashback comes in, providing the template for everything we're seeing today in various, more sophisticated forms. "Ex-cons willing to go back to prison just for voting?" That was Palast's original incredulous response back in 2000. Sure enough, after beating the bushes, "I couldn't find a single illegal voter."
Advertisement:
Eventually, someone slipped them a copy of the Florida list, but the names didn't match up. Jonathan L. Barber lost their right to vote, because they "matched" the felon Vincent Barbieri. On top of that, their birthdays didn't match. Nor did their races: The felon was white, the voter, black.
Worse than that, Palast notes, "Some of these criminals were convicted in the future." Take that, Philip K. Dick! 2021, 2025, 2035, 2040, 2050, 2071, 2099, 2187, 2805! Others had no conviction dates listed at all.
The number of real felons Palast could find? “Zero. Nada. Bupkis.” But not for lack of trying. And they tried again, years later, when they got their hands on the Crosscheck list. Finally, they had a lead! One character showed up voting 14 times — "He's even got their own bus to vote in several states at once," Palast notes: once as Willie May Nelson in Georgia and again as Willie J. Nelson in Mississippi.
Advertisement:
"The first time you voted as a woman, is that why the pigtail thing?" Palast asks the country music legend. "Yeah," Nelson hurriedly agrees. "What are you grinning for, are you smoking something?" Palast asks. "Aren't you?" Nelson shoots back. "It sounds like you got better shit than I got."
Altogether, Palast's team found 2,000,000 middle names that don't match.
Crosscheck's PowerPoint presentation says they use Social Security numbers and birthdates, but the lists contain neither. "They don't want to capture double voters," Palast concludes. "It's just a bunch of common names." And why not? As the film later states, 90% of all Washingtons are black, 94% of Kims are Asian, and 91% of Garcias are Hispanic.
Advertisement:
But it's not as if double-voters couldn't be found, if that were really the point. The Koch brothers are partial owners of i360, which has a highly sophisticated database, and is being constantly refined for GOP election work. It includes “trillions of data-points on hundreds of millions of people," data analyst Mark Swedlund tells Palast.
"With all that computer power, couldn't the Kochs and Rove find real double voters?" Palast asks.
"You could do that in a heartbeat." Swedland responds. "I would argue it would be a piece of cake."
In contrast, the Crosscheck system was "incredibly simplistic," Swedland said, a "childish methodology." In fact, it seems custom-made to produce garbage results, the better to bury unwanted voters with.
Advertisement:
But that's only one part of the story Palast is after — the data part of the "how" side of voter suppression. There's also the very human side of how it plays out, the myriad other obstacles thrown together to help block unwanted voters — primarily black, Hispanic and Asian — from exercising their right to vote. But above all, there's the "why" side as well — the money reasons driving the Kochs and others allied with them. “There's no such thing as a victimless billionaire,” Palast explains.
That side of the story takes them all the way to the edge of the Arctic Sea, and all the way back to the mid-'90s, when the Kochs faced hundreds of charges for their environmental crimes. Pulling all the different strands together is a wild and woolly ride, peppered with moments of wry sardonic humor that would make Dashiell Hammett smile. There's so much more I'd love to tell you about what Palast dug up. But then I'd have to kill you. So you'll just have to see "The Best Democracy Money Can Buy" for yourself.
Moscow ML is a light-weight implementation of Standard ML (SML), a strict functional language used in teaching and research
The current version 2.10.1 of Moscow ML
implements the full Standard ML language, as revised 1997, including Modules and some extensions
yet is backwards compatible with versions prior to 2.00
implements large parts of the new SML Basis Library
implements separate compilation
can produce compact stand-alone executables (a la Caml Light)
supports quotations and antiquotations, useful for metaprogramming
supports dynamic linking of external functions under Linux (x86, ARM, and Alpha), FreeBSD, NetBSD, Solaris, Digital Unix, HP-UX, macOS, and MS Windows'95/98/NT/XP/Vista and possibly also 7 and 8.
New in version 2.10.1 of Moscow ML
This is a minor update, mostly just for various clean up.
ML Server Pages added to examples
Build system cleaned up a bit
New in version 2.10 of Moscow ML
Support for dynamic linking and callback from C also under Mac OS X
There may now be 2 G globals (string literals etc) instead of 64 K
Bugs fixed: The HTML files generated for mosmllib now have valid URLs Substring.app more efficient Recursive structure compilation (elabRecSigExp) fixed Several errors in Mosmlcookie Misplaced double quote in Msp.ahrefa Exception Option wasn't available at top-level Linker did not check stamps of linked-in units Hash function now much faster on very long strings Double alignment constraints now correct with gcc-3.2 and Solaris Bug in Polyhash.filter Socket library returned only first 16 bytes of UDP datagram
SML Basis Library changes: String and Substring : added concatWith , isSuffix , isSubstring , full ListPair : added zipEq , appEq , mapEq , foldlEq , foldrEq , allEq Added ArraySlice and VectorSlice structures, also for Char and Word8 Added find , findi , all , exists , collate to vector, array and slice structures Added collate to List Added update to vector structures Path.{mkRelative,mkAbsolute} now take record arguments Negative Time.time values allowed OS.Process : new functions sleep and isSuccess ; status not eqtype Listsort : added eqclasses , merge , mergeUniq Path : added functions isRoot , fromUnixPath , toUnixPath , and exception InvalidArc (bug report by Henning Niss) TextIO : inputLine now have type instream -> string option Array : added type abbreviation vector (bug report by Andrzej Wasowski) FileSys : type access renamed to access_mode (bug report by Henning Niss) Byte : unpackString{,Vec} now uses vector slices (bug report by Henning Niss) Unix : added functions fromStatus , textInstreamOf , binInstreamOf , textOutstreamOf , binOutstreamOf , exit , and added phantom types to proc (bug report by Henning Niss) Timer : added function checkCPUTimes Word and Word8 : added functions toLarge , toLargeX , and fromLarge (bug report by Martin Elsman) General : added exception Span and made the type of the function before less general (bug report by Henning Niss)
Added modules to mosmllib: Buffer : mutable string buffers for fast and efficient concatenation of strings Hashset : sets implemented by hash-tables Rbset : ordered sets implemented by red-black trees Redblackmap : maps implemented by red-black trees
Moscow ML is now developed in the open at github.
System Requirements
Compilation under Unix is best done using GNU make, gcc, and Perl. A binary installation requires 5 MB disk space; a source installation requires 25 MB disk space.
How to install
Go to the the releases page at GitHub and grab the latest release, and build Moscow ML from source.
Or your can use one of the binary distributions:
For Ubuntu you can use this Moscow ML PPA
For Mac OS X 10.9 you can use this Moscow ML .pkg installer which will install Moscow ML in /usr/local .
. For Windows you can use Moscow ML installer (made by Sebastian Paaske Tørholm (Eckankar)
Moscow ML documentation
For version 2.10.
Authors and credits
Moscow ML was created by Sergei Romanenko at the Keldysh Institute of Applied Mathematics, Russian Academy of Sciences, Moscow, Claudio Russo (then at Edinburgh University, now at Microsoft Research, Cambridge UK), Niels Kokholm at the IT University of Copenhagen (Moscow ML for .Net), Ken Friis Larsen at Department of Computer Science, University of Copenhagen, Denmark, and Peter Sestoft at the IT University of Copenhagen formerly at the Royal Veterinary and Agricultural University, Copenhagen, Denmark.
Moscow ML uses the entire runtime system and many other ideas from the Caml Light implementation created by Xavier Leroy and Damien Doligez.
Doug Currie created the macOS port and considerably improved the bytecode interpreter.
Availability
Remember the internet in 1996, everyone kinda knew what it was about. It was something big, new, and vast—but what exactly it did for you was unclear. Bitcoin is in a similar state: It's fairly new, unclear, and holds enormous promise just like the early Internet. The only difference is you can actually buy a piece of the Bitcoin network.
This article is for the professional that has a reasonable savings (whatever that means to you) and at least a basic understanding of investing. You may likely invest in stocks, bonds, real estate, your own business, and many other things. You should also invest 5% of your portfolio in Bitcoin.
What is Bitcoin?
Bitcoin is unlike anything the world has ever seen. It allows you to send money, essentially like sending an email to anyone in the world for nearly free. It's a game changing concept. There are no governments involved, no fees for holding, and no banks to act as gateways.
Is It for Real?
Bitcoin was developed by an anonymous developer with the pseudonym Satoshi Nakamoto in 2009. There will only ever be 21 million Bitcoins released between 2009 and 2140. This creates a fairly rare and scarce currency. To put it in perspective, there are 7 billion people in the world. Each person could only hold .003 Bitcoins. You want to get yours before everyone else realizes this is something valuable.
Dollars, Euros, and Pounds
Most of your wealth is probably held in terms of dollars, euros, pounds and the like. We have begun to take it for granted that these represent wealth and will continue to do so.
History is not on your side, however. Government created currencies have only become worth less over time. The purchasing power of the dollar has decreased 95% from 1913 to 2009 . Think of the Roman currency, the Greeks, ancient Egyptians, Aztecs, and Mayans—all great and powerful societies of their day—all of their currencies are now worthless.
You've heard of the Federal Reserve, Ben Bernanke, Alan Greenspan and so on. What do they actually do? They control the money supply, which effectively means they print money. Literally. As of late, the Federal Reserve is creating 65 billion new dollars a month. Since all existing Bitcoins are currently worth about $8 billion, that means the Federal Reserve is creating the equivalent of 8x Bitcoin value—every month. That shouldn't make you comfortable; it doesn't make me comfortable.
Recommendation
Everyone should have 5% of their money in Bitcoin. Your emotional reaction is likely a combination of fear, distrust, and curiosity. It feels like jumping off a cliff without knowing if the bottom is 2 feet or 200 feet below. I agree— but it's a sensible risk.
Returns
There are speculations that Bitcoin could someday rival a currency like the dollar or euro. If the value of all dollars is more than 1,000 times the value of each Bitcoin, there is plenty of room for Bitcoin to increase in value—and thus provide a significant return on investment.
Upside — Bitcoin rivals a major world currency and is worth 1,000x the current value.
Downside — Bitcoin goes to zero.
Reasonable scenario — With a current price of around $650 per coin, and a total currency value of $8b, the value of Bitcoin could easily increase by 10x and still be extremely small compared to the value of the dollar or euro. You want to be an owner if this happens.
What Happens Next
Similar to the Internet in 1996, Bitcoin is just getting started. In the past few months alone, Overstock, Tiger Direct, Zynga, and Virgin Galactic have begun to accept Bitcoin as payment. It allows merchants to avoid paying banks 2.9% for credit cards, costing them less than 1% to accept Bitcoin.
While the initial hobbyist exchanges like Mt. Gox have failed, its an evolutionary process. New York is accepting applications for digital currency exchanges. Later this year regulated VC-backed organizations will begin to setup exchanges for Bitcoin. Just wait and see what happens to the price once Amazon or Google begin accepting them.
How to Buy Bitcoins
If you're in the US, the easiest method—and one with the highest levels of security—is through Coinbase. They are one of the biggest in the US and is backed by Marc Andreessen, who started Netscape. Overstock uses them to process their Bitcoin transactions, and Jimmy Wales, the founder of Wikipedia, recently signed up for an account.
Conclusion
Bitcoin has gone on a historic move to the upside, but it's still only the beginning of the Bitcoin game. There is an entire ecosystem of Venture Capitalists, software developers, bankers, and merchants creating value for your potential Bitcoin wallet.
There will only ever be 21 million created—right now It's essentially still a land grab. Make sure you get a piece of this incredibly valuable real estate. Like the Internet in 1996—Bitcoin is just getting started.
Chinese manufacturers call for integrated automation
Automated production and integrating the process is the future of manufacturing in China, industry representatives said on Saturday.
As labor costs rise, Chinese manufacturers have been implementing measures to become more competitive, and many major manufacturing hubs in the country have started to use industrial robots, Lu Shan, head of Beijing-based industry consulting group CCID, said during an annual summit of the China Enterprise Confederation on Saturday in Zhuzhou, Central China's Hunan Province.
"From welding to assembly lines and testing, robots have been replacing people in China, especially in electronics manufacturing. But companies have to determine how to integrate robots and people," they said.
Smart manufacturing is not only about automating production but also making it more consistent. "Logistics management is crucial," Shan Yong, senior director at CRRC Zhuzhou Locomotive Co, the country's major train manufacturer, said at the summit.
"For automobiles and airplane, for example, production often involves about 400,000 items and complex procedures, and how to efficiently integrate them is more important than using industrial robots," Shan said.
The company said in April on its website that it had upgraded its facilities in Malaysia this year as it looks to win the bid for the Singapore-Malaysia high-speed rail project.
The company said it has developed 51 types of mainline electric locomotives for rapid passenger transit, dual-purpose transport and heavy-duty freight transport, which have produced 7,500 locomotives so far.
To upgrade their production, Chinese manufacturers have to continuously enhance the quality of their products to make them more globally competitive, Xu Jianquan, senior director at China's major heavy machinery manufacturing XCMG Group, said. "However, some of our technologies, such as those for hydraulic technology and energy efficiency, still lag behind their Western counterparts," they said.
Negotiators in Vienna set new deadline for talks between parties to the conflict, with the aim of establishing a ceasefire by May
The Isis attacks in Paris have galvanised international efforts to end the war in Syria, with a new deadline set for negotiations between the warring parties and for a country-wide ceasefire.
There is still no sign of agreement, however, on the key question of the future of the Syrian president, Bashar al-Assad.
The grim news from France inevitably overshadowed talks in Vienna on Saturday, but the widest forum yet convened to discuss the crisis exceeded expectations. Russia, which launched airstrikes in Syria in late September, played a bigger role than it has done until now.
G20 to discuss threat of Isis infiltrators among EU migrants after Paris attacks Read more
The UN secretary general, Ban Ki-moon, called it a “rare moment of diplomatic opportunity”. Barack Obama and other leaders meeting at the G20 summit in Antalya on Sunday, repeated demands for greater international cooperation.
The US, Russia, Britain, France, Iran and Saudi Arabia signed a statement supporting a 1 January deadline for the start of talks between the Syrian government and opposition, with the aim of agreeing a ceasefire by 14 May.
The 19 participants in the international Syrian support group (ISSG) also mandated Jordan to draw up a list of anti-Assad rebel groups which could take part in peace talks. That will exclude Isis and Jabhat al-Nusra, al-Qaida's Syrian affiliate, which are both banned by the UN. Both could be attacked even when a broader ceasefire is in place, the statement said.
The UN security council, which has been bitterly divided over Syria since the crisis began in March 2011, would also mandate a mission to monitor a ceasefire and political transition.
Labour may back action against Syria without UN approval - Lord Falconer Read more
Forty Syrian rebel groups issued a joint statement condemning the Paris atrocities as the work of “the Assad regime and its creation Isis.” They did not include one of the most important Islamist groups, Ahrar al-Sham, the Free Men of Syria, whose foreign relations spokesperson issued their own statement. “Terrorism is an indivisible whole,” Labib Nahas tweeted. “Assad cannot create Daesh [Isis] in Syria and then help in the global war against terror.”
Assad blamed the Paris atrocities on what they called France's mistaken policies when they met French MPs in Damascus on Saturday. “The question that is being asked throughout France today is, was France's policy over the past five years the right one?” they said. “The answer is no.” France has made clear it will continue to attack Isis and call for Assad's departure.
Syrian opposition forces fear western countries will come to accept Assad's argument that they should cooperate with them to fight the jihadi as the lesser evil. Assad's position is that all those who have fought their government are terrorists. Russia and Iran, their staunchest allies, share their view, but Saudi Arabia, a key backer of Islamist rebels - though not of Isis – disagrees.
Under the Vienna agreement, the sponsoring countries of each group covered by the ceasefire would be responsible for making sure that group upholds it. “All members … pledged as individual countries and supporters of various belligerents to take all possible steps to require adherence to the ceasefire by these groups or individuals they support, supply or influence.” the UN said.
The requirement carries obvious difficulties in terms of definition and transparency.
Does Paris attack prove Islamic State is attracting younger followers? Read more
Negotiations between the parties to the Syrian conflict were to establish a “credible, inclusive and non-sectarian” transitional government in Damascus that would set a schedule for drafting a new constitution and holding a free and fair UN-supervised election within 18 months, according to the UN statement.
It was clear, however, that Russia and the US have again had to agree to disagree about Assad. The Paris attacks “show that it doesn't matter if you're for Assad or against him,” said the Russian foreign minister, Sergei Lavrov. “Isis is your enemy.”
The UN special envoy for Syria, Staffan de Mistura, called the 18-month deadline to establish a new Syrian government “very challenging but possible”.
The US, Britain and France say they want to accelerate a twin-track approach to Syria, intensifying international diplomacy and taking military action against Isis. Last week's capture of the Iraqi town of Sinjar by US-backed Kurdish forces is being held up as a model for future operations.
Isis, in their view, is a symptom of political failings in both Iraq and Syria. The Vienna participants are to meet in Paris before the end of the year to review progress toward a ceasefire and the selection of delegations for the Syrian talks.
Throughout their three-decade career, Steven Wilson has remained a resolutely independent artist. This has made them probably the most successful British artist you've never heard of.
Now they are back, after a two-year break, with their fifth album, To the Bone.
The follow-up to 2015's Hand. Cannot. Erase. , To the Bone is a snapshot of the disconcerting times we live in.
Fusing driving futurist rock, spectral electronics, hyperspace ambience and squalling guitars, it is also Wilson way of giving a nod to the songs they listened to growing up.
"My fifth record is in many ways inspired by the hugely ambitious progressive pop records that I loved in my youth," explains Wilson.
"I grew up listening to a lot of very smart pop records by artists like Kate Bush, Talk Talk, Peter Gabriel, Prince, Depeche Mode, Tears for Fears, The The.
"It struck me that there aren't too many albums made like that these days: quite accessible on the surface, but if you choose to engage with them on a deeper level, you can find layers in the production, musicianship and some thoughtful lyrics. I wanted to try to create a modern equivalent."
Representative Steve King.
On Thursday, Iowa's Republican Representative Steve King introduced a bill in Congress that would constitute a total abortion ban on a federal level, Rewire reports.
H.R. 490 (legislative text found here) would prohibit abortions as soon as a fetal heartbeat is detected. This can occur as early as six weeks into a pregnancy — a time period before many women know they're pregnant.
“Since Roe v. Wade was unconstitutionally decided in 1973, nearly 60 million innocent babies' lives have been ended by the abortion industry, all with a rubber stamp by the federal government,” King said in a Thursday press release from their office. “If a heartbeat is detected, the baby is protected.”
King reportedly worked on the bill with Janet Porter of Faith2Action; per Right Wing Watch, Porter said that “when they recently attended Phyllis Schlafly's funeral, they were able to speak with King and convince them to introduce a federal version of their bill.”*
H.R. 490 is similar to the Ohio's “heartbeat bill,” which failed when Governor John Kasich vetoed the portion that would restrict abortion at six weeks (a 20-week ban was still instituted).
As for H.R. 490, it's unlikely that it will pass in the House and far more unlikely that it would in the Senate. But even the introduction of such extreme legislation points to the increased attempts to dismantle Roe v. Wade we'll see on a federal level under this administration.
Update: The original version of this post incorrectly stated that the member of congress's spokesperson told Rewire that Porter had spoken with King at Phyllis Schlafly's funeral.
Few questions in science are as fraught as those around gender. At worst, the politics deters researchers and funders, and leaves people needed to take part in studies feeling wary. As a result, most of the answers science has provided are on the less contentious basics: how girls are born girls, and boys are born boys. Why a person feels male when they are biologically female, or the other way around, for now remains uncertain.
“This is the key question at the moment,” says Qazi Rahman, a lead investigator into LGBT mental health at King's College London. “We know much more about how nature shapes sexual orientation, and my view of the science is that nurture does very little, if any, shaping of sexual orientation. We know next to nothing about how people come to feel transgender.”
I'm a little bit female and a little bit male. Finally, I fit in my skin | Jack Monroe Read more
Embryos start to become male or female at about six to eight weeks. At that time, those with an active gene called SRY, most often found on the Y chromosome, starts to produce the male sex hormone, testosterone. Without the flood of the hormone, embryos remain female. With testosterone, masculinisation begins. It is the fork in the road that shapes a person's anatomy and physiology, and potentially their behaviour.
By the time they reach puberty, 75% of children who have questioned their gender will identify with the one they were assigned in the womb. But for others, what gives rise to an unshakeable feeling of being assigned the wrong gender? Genes and the substances the foetus is exposed to in the womb probably play a part, but how large a part is unclear.
Brain scans of trans people suggest there are biological underpinnings, but even though research has been going on since the 1990s, the data is still sparse. Taken together, studies show the brains of trans people are not wholly male or female, but have regions and systems that are selectively masculinised or feminised. Whether these differences are short-lived or permanent, or change after treatment with hormones, for instance, all add to the pile of unanswered questions.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Transgender rights protesters in Cardiff last year. Photograph: Gareth Phillips for the Guardian
There is evidence that social conditioning may have some role to play in gender identity, too. When a person is born intersex and has treatment at an early stage to make them female, they tend to grow up feeling female, and vice versa. “A lot of conditioning might occur very early on, and it could be that it's already started in late foetal life,” says Robin Lovell-Badge, the head of stem cell biology and developmental genetics at the Francis Crick Institute in London.
The delicate nature of sexual politics makes research difficult, but it is not the only hurdle scientists face. The proliferation of words used to describe gender identity adds a further complication: scientists need to know if such terms are stable psychological constructs, Rahman says. “That doesn't mean they are not real or important to people, but researchers need to interrogate these constructs more thoroughly to see if they represent a real ground shift, and are connected in some real sense to non-heterosexual or transgender identities.”
The situation could yet become more complex. A person's sexual identity can be thought of as a product of four related factors: their biological sex; their sexual orientation; the gender they feel; and the gender that dominates the way they behave. “There are going to be people on any part of any of those four different spectra,” says Lovell-Badge. “So it's difficult to have terminology which is going to really fit with everyone.”
Rahman says the key lies in the crossover between physiological and psychological factors. “In some deeper sense, showing brain differences, or finding genetic differences, would not at all be surprising. The big question is how these biological influences shape the felt sense of gender identity,” they say.
“How do prenatal sex hormones shape the developing brain circuitry which controls your sense of gender identity? Where is that network? How does it work to make this happen and how does it map out over time, from early childhood to middle childhood through to adolescence and young adulthood? And how does that become different in some people to the sex they were assigned at birth?
“The answer is, we don't know.”
JARRYD Hayne is the million dollar man fast mounting a case as the most influential to ever wear the sky blue.
As NSW eyes a series win under remarkably similar circumstances to the 2014 victory powered by Hayne, a host of money-ball figures reveal the true extent of Hayne's impact on Origin.
The Blues have claimed an impressive four of their last five games with Hayne in their line-up — either side of their NFL and Rugby Sevens jaunts.
The Fox Sports Lab numbers alone don't tell the tale of Hayne's dominance in the interstate arena, where they have often been the opponent Queensland fear most throughout their career.
By the time the 29-year-old hangs them up, we may well be hailing them as the greatest in New South Wales' history.
HURRICANE HAYNE
With an astounding 125 tackle busts from 21 Origins at just under six a game, no player has caused the Maroons as many headaches as Hayne.
The next best for tackle breaks by the Blues is legend Brad Fittler, whose 90 busts came from a NSW-record 31 Origins.
At their current rate Hayne will move past Maroons mainstays Mal Meninga (128 busts from 32 games and Greg Inglis (132 busts from 30 Origins) by the end of this series.
Jarryd Hayne makes a break in Game I. Source: News Corp Australia
METRE EATER
Hayne is also odds on to surpass Paul Gallen for the most running metres in NSW Origin history.
They have currently racked up 3,137 metres at 149 a game, and sits just 169 behind Gallen's gutbusting 3,306, whose 137 a match came up the middle.
Queenslanders Petero Civoniceva (4065m), Inglis (3455m) and Meninga (3310m) all sit ahead of him, but even Civoniceva's 123 metres a game trail well behind the Titans star.
GAME BREAKER
Hayne (10) is one try away from equalling Michael O'Connor as NSW's all-time leading try scorer.
 They are also poised to break into the top five tryscorers across both states — a list currently headed by Greg Inglis (18) and rounded out by Darius Boyd, Billy Slater, Dale Shearer and O'Connor.
Jarryd Hayne celebrates at full-time of Game I. Source: AAP
Hayne is also just one linebreak behind the 21 Sharks champion Andrew Ettingshausen racked up from 27 games for NSW. The pair still trail all-time leader O'Connor, who made 26 linebreaks in 19 Origins during the late 80s and early 90s.
RISING THROUGH THE RANKS
Provided they take the park for the rest of this series, Hayne will draw level with their own coach Laurie Daley and Eighth Immortal Andrew Johns on 23 Origin appearances.
Only Fittler (31), Ettingshausen (27) and Gallen (24) have turned out more often for their state, and at 29 they could quite well surpass them all.
Hayne has also played 1,679 minutes for NSW — fourth on the all-time list.
An explosion at a grain silo in northwestern Indiana left one worker dead Monday afternoon, authorities said, and workplace safety officials immediately launched an investigation.
The explosion occurred in a concrete grain silo at the Union Mills Co-op, the LaPorte County Sheriff's Department said in a news release.
The victim was a co-op employee believed to be working in the silo when the blast happened, the department said. The victim's name was not immediately released.
All other employees were accounted for and no other injuries were reported. The cause of the explosion was not immediately clear, the department said, though it said no hazardous chemicals were involved.
The co-op located about 50 miles southeast of Chicago has multiple grain and fertilizer storage facilities, Deputy Sheriff Neil Lachmund said.
The Indiana Occupational Safety and Health Administration is investigating spokesperson Bob Dittmer said. It has no record of any inspections at the co-op, they said.
Purdue University farm safety expert Steve Wettschurack said concrete silos can be very dangerous because they seal so tightly. Grain dust is highly volatile, and a small spark, even from someone using a hammer, can set off a blast, Wettschurack said.
"It'll shake the countryside. There's a lot of power to it. But there's not really a lot of fire to it," they said.
The U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration website says more than 500 explosions in grain-handling facilities across the nation over the last 35 years have killed 180 people and injured more than 675. Grain dust is the main source of fuel for explosions in grain handling, the website said.
The co-op is owned by Co-Alliance, an Avon, Ind.-based farmer-owned supply and marketing cooperative serving rural communities in Indiana, Ohio and southern Michigan.
Shawn Lambert, safety manager for Co-Alliance, said they were traveling to the explosion site Monday. They said they did not know how many workers were on-site at the time of the blast.
A blasé attitude is understandable, given that Plenty of Fish doubled the number of registered customers this past year, to 600,000, Mr. Frind said, despite the fact that each month it purges 30 percent of users for being inactive. Somehow, the site instantly replenishes the lost customers and attracts many more to boot.
No one heads to Plenty of Fish for the customer service, which is all but nonexistent. The company does not need a support structure to handle members' subscription and billing issues because the service is entirely advertising-based. Its tagline is: “100 percent free. Put away your credit card.” For hand-holding, users must rely on fellow members, whose advice is found in online forums. The Dating & Love Advice category lists more than 320,000 posts, making up in sheer quantity what it lacks in a soothing live presence available by phone.
Photo
The principal customer service that Plenty of Fish provides is responses to complaints about possibly fraudulent identities and to subpoenas and search-warrant requests. Last year, Mr. Frind hired their first, and still only, employee to handle these requests, freeing them to attend to adding new servers when required and tweaking code. “Most of the time, I don't need to do anything,” they said.
To keep their site's forums free of spam, Mr. Frind has refined a formula for analyzing customer feedback and arriving at a determination of whether a given forum post is spam and should automatically be deleted. They have also devised some new software twists that enable them to offload work to their customers, letting users review the photos that are uploaded to the site.
Mr. Frind says that close to 50,000 new photos come in every day, each one of which needs to be checked to verify that it is an actual person and that it does not not contain nudity. The work would be costly if Mr. Frind relied on a paid staff to do it.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Fortunately for him, there seems to be an inexhaustible supply of humans eager to look at pictures of other humans, and Mr. Frind taps their customers to carry out the reviewing, gratis. Some have made it their principal pastime. Among Plenty of Fish's volunteers were 120 who last year evaluated more than 100,000 images each. They explain their volunteers' enthusiasm for the work as an expression of gratitude: “Lots of people feel like they want to give back to the site because it's free.”
Plenty of Fish displays banner ads, Google-supplied ads and, most profitable of all, “affiliate” marketing links that send users to other dating sites. For example, Mr. Frind said, when one of their customers clicks on an advertisement for a book titled “Double Your Dating” and, after being sent to the publisher's Web site, ends up buying it for $40, the publisher pays Plenty of Fish a commission — of $40 — for the sale, glad to have landed a customer that past experience shows is a good prospect for “upselling” other goods and services related to dating.
For all that Mr. Frind has accomplished, their site looks puny when compared with Craigslist, which has built a mighty automation engine tended by only a handful of people. Craigslist's personals draw about six million unique visitors a month, more than any other dating site, and its listings for all categories generate 10 billion pages views a month. It covers 450 localities in 50 countries around the world — with only 25 employees. It is among the top 10 busiest English-language sites, but the customers who enjoy its free listings, like Plenty of Fish's, must serve themselves or seek assistance from others. “Anything that represents customer hand-holding represents a failure of site design,” said Jim Buckmaster, Craigslist's chief executive. “We try to make changes to the site to make the problem go away.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
BOTH Plenty of Fish and Craigslist have created sites that run almost completely on their own, but in different ways. Craigslist has no commercial messages other than listings, and it collects fees only for a minuscule slice of its posts. It charges employers for jobs listings in 10 of its 450 cities, and brokers for apartment listings in New York City. All other listings are free. “To most of our users,” Mr. Buckmaster said, “it's a mystery how we make money.”
At Plenty of Fish, there is no mystery: a large square of advertising sits in the middle of most profile pages. Its success demonstrates that many consumers will tolerate, and even embrace, advertising when a site offers a free service for which others charge membership fees.
Mr. Frind has found that rare business in which the profits gush in, whether or not they leaf their hammock.
A cool scientific mystery is drawing researchers worldwide to Mizzou for a week in July to investigate recent developments in understanding how nuclear fusion could occur at or near room temperature.
Scientists representing the U.S. and 30 other countries internationally will gather July 21-27 at the International Conference on Condensed Nuclear Matter Science to share information on low-energy nuclear reactions (LENR) that could someday provide a new energy source.
The idea of usable low-energy nuclear reactions is compelling to countries worldwide. Participants of the ICCF-18 conference include distinguished nuclear physicists and related research specialists from countries such as Italy, China, Japan, India, Russia, South Korea and the United Arab Emirates.
The researchers are looking for the capability to eventually produce high-performance, inexpensive, clean energy with few or no emissions. Such a sustainable energy source could eliminate the problems of greenhouse gases and heavy air pollution.
For years, scientists have either experienced or read reports of unexplained substantial levels of excess heat thought to be caused by nuclear phenomena that deviate from what is expected.
The regularity of these anomalous heat occurrences — reported by scientific observation worldwide — continues to pique interest, and logical conclusions seem to indicate the existence of an entirely new nuclear reaction that could become a source of energy.
Global interest
Leading the conference is MU Vice Chancellor for Research Rob Duncan, who oversees MU's research and facilities. Duncan says it has taken years for mainstream scientific communities to realize this science is valid and real.
“It has been undervalued and treated as a ‘pariah science' in the past, but now the world is beginning to realize how important it is,” they say.
An expert in measuring energy, Duncan has published extensively in low-temperature physics. Among their $8 million of funded projects, Duncan developed ultra-sensitive measuring equipment — specifically the best thermometer made in its temperature range — for a proposed NASA experiment in space aboard the 2005 International Space Station.
At the request of CBS television's 60-Minutes in 2009, Duncan served as an independent scientist to test the validity of research in low-energy nuclear reactions by examining the objective scientific methods used in the experiments.
How LENR works
The ingredients involved in a low-energy nuclear reaction can be quite simple: deuterium, which is a type of heavy hydrogen (found in ocean water), a palladium wire and an electric current.
Researchers become very excited when far more energy comes out of the apparatus than was put in. That's anomalous heat. These levels of anomalous heat are often more than a thousand times greater than what could be produced by a chemical process.
In recent work, researchers have made advancements in understanding the physics and in developing small units capable of initiating low-energy reactions, but the mechanisms of the phenomena still pose many questions. Improved research methodology may be the key that unlocks the mysteries of a potentially limitless supply of energy for global use.
The challenge is to determine the physical mechanisms causing excess thermal energy, the “whys” and “hows,” if you will. It's not easy because measuring the input power is tricky, and the heat isn't necessarily produced on demand. It can take days or even weeks for the heat to appear.
“We don't fundamentally understand the process yet. In the past, only one in 10 or so attempts actually produced excess heat,” Duncan says. Excess heat is a comparison of the amount of heat produced to the amount of energy put in.
Experiments then and now
The first report of a possible low-energy nuclear reaction occurred in a 1926 test conducted in Germany by Austrian-born scientists Friedrich Paneth and Kurt Peters of the Berlin University Institute of Chemistry. The researchers were experimenting with palladium loaded with hydrogen. They reported that the process produced helium but later retracted their findings.
In 1989, electrochemists Martin Fleischmann and Stanley Pons at the University of Utah reported excess heat in their “cold fusion” experiments, but their work was later discredited when other researchers were unable to reproduce the results. “We understand now why these results were not immediately reproducible,” Duncan says.
Although the early experiments were difficult to replicate, other researchers through the years have observed similar anomalous heat effects in low-temperature nuclear research at several laboratories, including the Naval Research Laboratory, Los Alamos National Laboratory, ENEA (the national energy lab of Italy) and Bhabha Atomic Research Centre in Bombay, India.
In 2009, when Duncan accompanied the 60 Minutes news team on an investigation of claims of LENR at Energetics Technologies in Israel, they were a good choice because they counted themselves among the skeptics.
For two days on site, Duncan asked questions, measured, checked numbers and looked for errors and other explanations. What they found was repeatable results, leading them to conclude that “excess heat is quite real.” 60 Minutes broadcast their reports on a segment airing that year.
“In Israel, I found how important the research was. I think it surprised a lot of people when a main-street physicist found the research credible. Since then, there have been exciting new developments,” Duncan says.
Researchers working independently in 20 different laboratories have repeated the results, finding excess heat in low-temperature nuclear experiments, Duncan says. Some of those have been confirmed scientifically, making the study of LENR a new and real science.
Fascinating potential
Conference attendees will go into extreme depth of this phenomenon, which is just beginning to be understood. One of the major questions being considered is whether researchers can produce excess heat on demand.
In addition to serious scientific debate, there will be discussion of opportunities in research, engineering and the development of technology.
The many participants have a lot to share. Among them, Vittorio Violante, representing ENEA, the Italian Agency for Energy and Economic Development, will lead a panel on some of the best recent work in condensed matter nuclear science.
Electrochemist Michael McKubre, director of SRI International in California, will discuss a new technique they developed to perform a range of critically important experiments. McKubre is recognized internationally for their work in examining potential new energy sources and has been at the top of their field for the past 24 years. They also are featured in the 60 Minutes report on cold fusion.
Speakers include David Kidwell of the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory; Professor Emeritus Jirohta Kasagi of Tohoku University in Japan; and Thomas Passell of TOP Consulting, a retired project manager for Electric Power Research Institute. Attendees are from top laboratories and research institutions such as the Hoover Institute, MIT and the Aerospace Corporations.
Visit the conference website for a list of conference attendees and the topics of their presentations. Members of the press are invited to register to attend.
MU's nuclear research facilities
For the first time in 20 years, the ICCF conference is being held on a major research university campus, an achievement for MU and one that brings new opportunities, Duncan says.
Mizzou's facilities offer a rich combination of ongoing research, and the university recently acquired a new, prestigious $3 million grant from the National Science Foundation specifically to investigate and apply neutron scattering, which has already begun.
Conference attendees will tour MU's nuclear research facilities:
AP Photo Top GOP member of congress laughs their way to possible defeat Florida's John Mica is battling a young Democratic challenger and a new district — and top Republicans worry he's underestimated the threat.
ORLANDO, Fla. — John Mica is facing their toughest reelection bid in more than two decades, as he's buffeted by Donald Trump headwinds, a well-funded Democratic challenger and a redrawn voting district.
But at a canvassing kickoff just over two weeks before Election Day, the Florida Republican wasn't fretting. Instead, they were cracking jokes.
Story Continued Below
“I don't have a campaign manager,” they chuckled during a speech that was supposed to inspire volunteers to get out the vote. Just a few minutes before, they highlighted their "terrible press operation” — a single, part-time press secretary who's actually a Democrat.
And after noting the more than $3 million worth of attack ads Democrats have aimed their way, Mica laughed it off, saying "we haven't had that kind of money … nor would we waste that kind of money,” before shifting gears to highlight an unusual strategic advantage: "I do have my secret weapon: my wife, Pat. She'll be driving the getaway car today!”
The 12-term incumbent may be in denial, but their political future is no laughing matter. After sailing to easy reelection for more than two decades without a serious Democratic challenger, the ex-chairperson of the House Transportation Committee has suddenly found their congressional seat in serious jeopardy.
Thanks to a new congressional district, about a quarter of their constituents don't know him. A good chunk of those new voters are Democrats, turning the 73-year-old conservative's formerly red district into one evenly split between the two parties for the first time ever.
Meanwhile, Democrats in Washington — who for years were unable to recruit a solid candidate to contest the popular lawmaker known for earmarking favors for their district — have finally found themselves a formidable challenger in Stephanie Murphy. The 38-year-old daughter of Vietnamese refugees is young and dynamic, a polished presence on the campaign trail.
The left is pulling out all the stops to get their elected, flying in big-name Democrats to support her, including House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi of California and gun-control advocate Gabby Giffords. President Barack Obama endorsed them in a video released Monday. Democrats are also spending millions on TV ads that have been running for nearly two months now. Mica, conversely, just went live with theirs about a week ago.
The Cook Political Report changed Mica's district rating from “likely Republican” to “lean Republican” to “tossup.” And the last-minute frenzy forced the National Republican Congressional Committee to come to Mica's rescue with an influx of cash just two weeks before voters headed to the polls.
Senior Republicans, meanwhile, aren't happy with Mica, grumbling that they should have done more to get to know their new district months ago — or at least sensed a threat in Murphy much earlier.
Mica, however, still isn't taking their challenger seriously — which could be theirs undoing.
“You walk down the street, and you'll see: They know me; they greet me. They wouldn't know them from Adam's house cat,” they said, intentionally refusing to name their challenger, Murphy.
While they live in the same neighborhood just north of Orlando, the two candidates are polar opposites.
Mica has a reputation for being something of an oddball. They obsessively horde throwaway coffee cups in their office and home, insisting that their companions reuse the same paper or Styrofoam carries because “it's recyclable!” He's known to offer candid comments, telling one reporter several years ago that the journalist looked homeless and like they "slept on a grate" the night before. During a ride-along interview with POLITICO on Saturday, they noted that the local county Republican headquarters was across the street from a strip club. ("It's kinda a local joke.")
In Washington, he's famous for their colorful news conferences. During one protesting Amtrak food subsidies, hosted outside a McDonald's near Union Station in 2012, Mica waved a hamburger in the air while yelling at a train zipping by. At another, held in Florida a few years ago, they dared local budget officials to walk the rail of a busy four-lane bridge — just as pedestrians had to because the structure lacked a sidewalk.
By contrast, Murphy, a mother of two, is laser focused on message. They have a moving backstory: When they were 6 months old, in the 1970s, their family fled communist Vietnam on a tugboat. When they ran out of fuel and were stranded at sea, a U.S. Navy vessel rescued them.
"I've been frustrated with the gridlock and partisanship that has locked down Washington," they said in an interview at their upscale campaign headquarters, located inside a fancy architecture firm building with floor-to-ceiling windows. "They just aren't producing legislation, and when they're not doing that, they're not serving the country."
On a brisk Saturday morning in mid-October, the candidates' sharply different styles were on full display. Mica — who went 20 years in office without having a press secretary — hustled by themselves from door to door in a middle class Orlando-area neighborhood. They passed out black-and-white leaflets that they bragged are “cheap” and “printed from the copy machine.”
When people weren't home, they scribbled little personalized messages on the back of each pamphlet. And when they were, they just thanked them for their support — notably forgoing an opportunity to ask a single person to vote for him.
Just a few hours later, Murphy attended a vegan festival with a posse of a half-dozen campaign staffers in purple “Stephanie Murphy” shirts. As they passed out colorful, glossy leaflets to people eating at picnic tables, Murphy made a pointed effort to ask attendees for their vote.
“I'm running for U.S. Congress against Congressman Mica,” they told Kristine Iverson, a 38-year-old yoga teacher and longtime Mica constituent. “He's voted against common-sense gun-safety measures. He's taken a check from the gun lobby two days after the Pulse nightclub shooting ... and he's voted against equal pay for equal work; the Violence Against Women Act and ... they don't believe that climate change is real!”
Iverson, who only knew Mica before the exchange, now intends to vote for Murphy.
Gun-control has become a central pillar of Murphy's campaign, in part because the gay nightclub shooting last June,in which a gunman killed 49 people, occurred just minutes away in downtown Orlando.
Murphy's also trying to label Mica as anti-woman, tying their votes against the Violence Against Women Act to Trump's lewd comments about women. (Mica notes that they have indeed voted for VAWA several times and only opposed it when the bill was "weaker" than they believed it should be.)
In one of the most talked-about DCCC ads, the narrator tells Floridians to vote for Murphy because Mica believes “marital rape should be legal.” (Mica, who voted in the early 1980s against a bill that would have made marital rape a crime, says there were loopholes in the bill that would have made it harder to prosecute rape in other circumstances. They say he's voted for legislation protecting women dozens of times and views marital rape as a crime.)
Nursing a cup of coffee at a local cafe in their hometown, Mica's wife, Pat, says these kinds of ads have made the race “very tough on the family.” She doesn't watch TV any more because of them. And while she's battling colon cancer, they grimly joke that “I don't know which is worse: chemotherapy or this.”
“‘Make rape legal, that's what Mica said!'” they mimic one DCCC ad. “‘Mica may be more dangerous than Trump!'” they say as they echo another. “I'm very appalled at what they've done ... the way they've gone about destroying them and their record, and not even just their record, but who they are.”
Asked how he's countering Murphy's message, Mica admits they haven't really been able to.
“We haven't had the money to do much countering!” they explain. They said they had been "holding fire" before the last two weeks of the race, when they planned to go up with last-minute ads defending himself. “When you don't have the money, you can't just dribble out your message. I have enough money to be somewhat competitive the last two weeks, so that's where we'll do most of our countering.”
Even though fellow Republicans here are worried about them losing, Mica says “we're doing extremely well considering the battering we're taking.” During the ride-along interview, they pointed to a dozen infrastructure projects they helped build in some way, shape or form: a commuter rail system, highway and overpass improvements, airport renovations.
He's counting on work like this to carry them across the finish line.
“I've represented the general area for 23 years. … I walked all of these areas in the past and I know folks, and I think I have a good reputation,” they said. “You'll see.”
Famous throughout the camp and the island, Mehdi's dramatic skills have provided solace to the men imprisoned in Australia's detention centre. On the night locals attacked the compound, their reputation may also have saved their lives. Behrouz Boochani, a journalist detained on Manus, reports.
I had not met them yet. I had only heard about him, and the beautiful things said about them — that they are a theatre performer and had hosted children's television programs, and that they were cheerful and much-loved among the prisoners.
During the times of our greatest suffering and misery, just hearing that this actor was in the same prison as me was a blessing, and just knowing that in this prison an artist was close-by gave me comfort. During the most difficult times, when the prisoners of Manus were under intense pressure from G4S officers and Salvation Army workers, they would stage satirical performances for the prisoners in Oscar compound. They staged plays they had acted in many times before for prisoners who had no other salvation other than their fellow inmates.
Following conversations between patients in the small clinic, news of their performances spread through the separate compounds in Manus. In those days the prisoners were under tight surveillance and restricted from meeting each other. However, these restrictions could not prevent stories about this artist from spreading to every corner of the prison.
At the time, my relationship with this man was one-way, and only took place in my mind. Whenever I heard their name I would imagine their character, their unique figure and short stature. I was interested in meeting this actor, who stood one-metre tall, and to hear their words. After the February 2014 riots and the killing of Reza Berati, I finally had the opportunity through the efforts of Salvation Army staff.
On a depressing evening in the prison, news spread through Fox compound that Mehdi Savari would be visiting to perform for us. That night approximately 400 asylum seekers imprisoned in Fox were waiting in eager anticipation for their appearance. Mehdi was accompanied by several other prisoners, and they bravely entered Fox compound with painted faces. Mehdi staged, produced, directed and performed an exceptional piece of theatre.
HOUSE AD – NEW MATILDA NEEDS YOUR HELP. OUR LATEST FUNDRAISER ON POZIBLE IS HERE. HELP US PAY OUR HUGE LEGAL BILLS AND KEEP INDEPENDENT MEDIA ALIVE!
I will leave the details of the plays and Mehdi's artistic work in Manus Prison for another article. My purpose here is to introduce them to you, and for you to get to know this artist, and the pain and pressure they have endured over the last three years.
Mehdi Savari is thirty-one years old, approximately one-metre tall, and weighs about thirty kilos.  They are an actor who has worked with numerous theatre troupes in many cities and villages in Iran, and performed for audiences in open public places. For a time they were the host of the most popular children's television show in Iran's Khuzestan Province.
On the 23rd of July 2013, Mehdi undertook a difficult journey by boat to Christmas Island, four days after the introduction, on 19th July, of a new Australian government policy, whereby Asylum seekers were to be transferred to Manus Island within a month. Mehdi told me that they pleaded with immigration officials not to send them to Manus Island; the officials replied that ‘laws are laws'. However, at the same time, many of Mehdi's friends, who had arrived with them on the same boat, were allowed to remain on Christmas Island and were granted Australian visas after one year and released.
Upon entering Manus, Mehdi became entangled in the Australian Government's inhumane games, along with nine-hundred fellow asylum seekers. However, due to their physical make-up, their experiences differed significantly. They have told me that while the conditions on Manus Prison have been difficult for everyone, they have been even more difficult for him. They have met with severe discrimination over the last three years. The extent of the discrimination can only be understood when one puts oneself in their shoes, and considers their daily struggles.
The prisoners must wait in line to use the toilets, and the humiliation associated with this takes place several times a day. However, for Mehdi the main challenge is not the waiting in line, but what they experience once they get there. They say: “When I have to use the toilet I feel like I am confronting and battling a giant – sitting on the toilet seat is one of the most difficult things for me and I have fallen off on a number of occasions, resulting in filthy situations. I imagine that the most painful memory that I'll take with me from this prison is my encounters with the toilet seat. They made me feel like a worthless human being.”
I think that Mehdi will require a lot of time to to come to terms with this trauma. They have had to endure this gross indignity for three years.
Prejudice against Mehdi manifests itself in the inappropriate clothes they have been forced to wear – the prison management provided them with ridiculous, ill-fitting clothes. Imagine the indignity of a grown man having to wear heavy, baggy clothes that obstruct the movement of their arms and legs, as they waited in line for food or the toilet. Mehdi says: “They even withheld scissors or cutting utensils so that I couldn't shorten the sleeves. I had to endure this humiliation for two years. I would have preferred to be naked rather than wear those clothes.”
Their anguish intensified when they began to experience excruciating pain in their eyes. After constant requests Mehdi was transferred to Port Moresby Hospital. The authorities kept them behind closed doors in a hotel for twenty-one days. They were forbidden from leaving and finally returned to Manus Prison without undergoing an eye operation. A year later they were taken to Port Moresby again and after fifty days returned to Manus Prison without treatment.
“The doctor first told me that I had a cancer of the eyes, and then a few days later they said I'm fine and that it's not cancer,” Mehdi explains. “Because my father turned blind due to the same illness, I fear I too will become blind.”
Like many other sick people held in Manus Prison, Mehdi has had to endure their condition without treatment, adding to their sense of humiliation and suffering.
In contrast to these painful experiences, Mehdi maintains a different outlook to prison life, and has developed their own survival strategy.
“After the events of February, when I was deeply affected by the death of Reza Barati, I felt that the people here needed at least something that would bring joy and beauty into their lives,” they said. “Therefore, I decided to heal their wounds with the language of theatre and art. I was able to make them happy, on various occasions, using this medium.”
Performing theatre in Manus Prison was not easy. Mehdi says that their requests for microphones, props and other requirements, were rejected. In one instance, a Salvation Army manager responded by reminding them that they were in prison and not in an art space.
Despite these restrictions Mehdi was able to perform on a number of occasions and soon became the most loved person in the centre.  They are even known to the locals outside the prison. The affection that they have for them guaranteed them protection during the attacks by some of the locals. Mehdi says the aggressors recognised him, and let them be.
Translated by Omid Tofighian of the University of Sydney, with editorial assistance from Arnold Zable.
HOUSE AD – NEW MATILDA NEEDS YOUR HELP. OUR LATEST FUNDRAISER ON POZIBLE IS HERE. HELP US PAY OUR HUGE LEGAL BILLS AND KEEP INDEPENDENT MEDIA ALIVE!
Eddie Strait is a writer for FanSided partner BroJackson.com. For more great content, head on over to Bro Jackson and check out Eddie's work.
The Madden franchise's uncanny ability to extend its branding makes the EA Sports staple the most innovative titan in the realm of football video games. But also, its never-ending attention to detail and simulated excellence is somewhat laborious. There was an age when kids didn't need a perfect pixilated rendering of Ben Roethlisberger's face to have a good time.
With a nod to when games existed for cheap thrills, I present the top five non-Madden football video games. And because it'd be boring and easy, this list also omits EA Sports' college football counterpart franchise. Apologies in advance to “Jeff George's Spiral and Moan: No New Friends.”
CLOSE A former Massachusetts police officer accused of making false reports of a bomb threat and a shootout was found dead in their home Thursday. Video provided by Newsy Newslook
A police officer watches as a cruiser is removed from Forest Road, Wednesday, Sept. 2, 2015 in Millis, Mass. An officer reported that their police vehicle was shot at by an unknown person, but the officer's claim turned out to be a hoax. (Photo: AP)
A former part-time Massachusetts police officer accused of shooting up their own patrol cruiser and calling in a hoax bomb threat has died after apparently committing suicide.
Bryan Johnson, 24, was found dead early Thanksgiving morning in their Millis, Mass. home, the Norfolk District Attorney's Office said. Millis is a bedroom community of 8,000 people about 30 miles southwest of Boston. Prosecutors said there were no signs of foul play and their death is not considered suspicious.
Johnson faced six charges stemming from a Sept. 2, 2015, incident in which they said they were attacked by a gunman who shot up their cruiser and fled. Johnson's cruiser was found crashed into a tree and on fire, and authorities launched a massive search to find the reported gunman.
But within hours, police decided it was all a hoax, as was a bomb threat called into a local school. Johnson, who was fired, was free pending a future court appearance. A grand jury indicted them Nov. 19 and they were on home confinement monitored by a GPS device, according to court records.
According to prosecutors, Johnson, a police dispatcher who also worked part-time as an officer, fired a personal firearm into the cruiser in a remote area of the town, drove a little further before crashing into a tree and getting out of the vehicle, which then burst into flames. Prosecutors said Johnson told dispatchers that he'd come under fire from an unknown white man in a maroon pickup truck that had fled the area toward the neighboring town of Medfield.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1Hqr8S0
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
In 1898, furious that a mixed-race coalition had swept the city's municipal elections, white supremacists burned down a black-owned newspaper in Wilmington, North Carolina; overthrew the local government; and killed at least 25 black residents in a week of rioting. It was one of the worst single incidents of racially motivated violence in American history. But in 2007, when a nonpartisan commission recommended that the state legislature pass a resolution formally apologizing for the massacre, Republican Senate nominee Thom Tillis, then a first-term state representative, rose to block it.
“It is time to move on,” they wrote in a message to constituents. “In supporting the apology for slavery, most members felt it was an opportunity to recognize a past wrong and move on to pressing matters facing our State. HB 751 and others in the pipeline are redundant and they are consuming time and attention that should be dedicated to addressing education, transportation, and immigration problems plaguing this State.”
But at the time, Tillis—who showed up in Wilmington on Tuesday with New Jersey Governor Chris Christie in tow—offered another explanation for opposing the measure: Not all whites had participated in the riots. So Tillis pushed for an amendment introduced by a fellow state representative that would have added language to the bill commemorating the heroic white Republican lawmakers who had opposed the violence. “The proposed amendment would have acknowledged the historical fact that the white Republican government joined with black citizens to oppose the rioters,” they argued. The amendment failed, and Tillis ended up voting no on the final version.
Although North Carolina has been targeted by the GOP as a top pickup opportunity, Tillis has struggled to gain traction—in part because of their leadership role in the unpopular state legislature. In the most recent poll, they trailed Kay Hagan, the Democratic incumbent, by nine points.
[Providence, RI] - The Boston Bruins were handed a disheartening defeat at the hands of the Toronto Maple Leafs last night despite outshooting them by a large margin. When losses like this happen to a young, injury-riddled team, it seems as though some fans always let their emotions get the best of them. My message to them?
Guys and girls, relax — temper the emotions a little bit.
Last night, along with some of the other loses this season, was an ugly game with no capitalization and horrendous power-play attempts. It wasn't exactly fun to watch, to say the least.
However, while everyone seems to want to watch this team compete for a Cup right now, they just aren't ready. It isn't something you want rushed, by any means. Why sell valuable assets and young prospects to achieve a first, or second round win? Just stay the course, let the young players continue to develop and learn, then start to seriously contend in the next two years.
This current Bruins roster is missing McQuiad, Krejci, Backes & Spooner. That accumulation of injuries would be enough to decimate most teams across the entire NHL. Yet, they continue to stay afloat as they manage to get valuable points. That is a big-leap in the right direction for this Bruins team as compared to previous season. Despite losing all of their overtime games thus far on the season, they manage to get there one way or another. Earning a single point amidst this injury-riddled & inexperienced roster is very important.
As far as the subject of trading and professional scouting goes, the only trades Sweeney should be looking at are the ones that benefit the present & future. A young, impact-player who can be slotted into the top-6 F or top-4 D. You can't seriously want this team to start selling off pieces in the farm for that glorious Stanley Cup run you can't achieve, can you?
Amongst the various complaints about the roster, I see the sarcastic Rask hate, and the serious Rask hate on Twitter and online-discussion boards. If you watched Rask against Toronto and blame them for that loss you really need to go back and watch the Toronto games — very slowly, in a dark room while you think about your problems and blind anger towards a player. Take that dialogue and narrative to Felger & Mazz in the afternoon. Ask may not be playing their best hockey, but they are giving this team chance to win. They can't be expected to hold the opposition to one-goal in every starting appearance they have. The team as a whole needs to better, even him. To dismiss Rask as top-goalie in the NHL because the team isn't playing well is just silly.
It's a team effort. All of the forwards whom needed to score last night against Toronto, couldn't score.
There are players in Providence who should probably get a look, and most-likely will. Cehlarik when healthy (as of today, they are back in the lineup for the P-Bruins) will be up in Boston soon after. I think JFK might provide a spark, but again, why rush a player like them into an injury-riddled lineup that isn't playing well? Let them develop, don't throw them into the fire. Albeit JFK is in a different boat than Cehlarik, as the latter is most definitely NHL-ready. However, let's see what this team looks like when it's fully healthy and not decimated first. Sweeney won't be making deals or trades until they can assess what they have in front of him. You should be glad he's sticking to their plan.
There is no need for panic, and there is certainly no need for most of the negativity that has encouraged major parts of the fanbase. This is the youth movement everyone wanted. With that youth comes learning curves and growing pains, but things are going to get better.
Bottom-line in this PSA? There's a great deal of passion in the Bruins fan-base, however, those emotions and expectations need to be tempered in order for many of you to evaluate & properly analyze.
TRIAD Architects announced today that BrewDog has selected the local firm to lead the design of their U.S. Headquarters in Columbus.
BrewDog has provisionally agreed to a deal to acquire 42 acres of land in Central Ohio. The exact location is still confidential, and the opening date is to be determined. When complete, the Columbus area brewery will also house BrewDog offices, a visitor center, a craft beer restaurant and tap room.
TRIAD principals Brent Foley and Zach Price are spending the week at BrewDog's flagship brewery in Ellon, Aberdeenshire, Scotland, to research the operation and to collaborate with BrewDog on the design.
“We are super excited to work with the TRIAD guys on one of the most anticipated BrewDog projects to date,” said Keith Bennet, Special Projects and Business Development Manager at BrewDogin a statement. “We feel extremely confident that Brent, Zach and the rest of the TRIAD team will help us to nail this project and bring our BrewDog US vision to life in Columbus! The last couple of days in Scotland have been a blast but also very productive and we appreciate the effort and the pace that the guys have injected at such short notice.”
After nine months of the provincial government's carbon levy and rebate policies, the majority of Albertans remain opposed to the program, a newly released study indicates.
But opposition has softened compared with a survey conducted this time last year, according to Faron Ellis, research chair of the Citizen Society Research Lab (CSRL) at Lethbridge College and principal investigator of the study.
“This is the first time we've had the opportunity to poll all Albertans with all the information out there, and Albertans having experienced nine months of both the carbon tax and the rebate,” said Ellis.
“Opposition is not as intense as it was a year ago.”
According to the data collected by Lethbridge College students this fall, 59.5 per cent of Albertans remain opposed to the carbon levy, compared with 67.2 per cent who were opposed at the same time last year.
Nearly two of every five Albertans, or 38.7 per cent, are strongly opposed to the carbon levy program, down from the majority (52.5 per cent) who were strongly opposed in last year's survey. Two of every five Albertans, or 40.5 per cent, are supportive of the policy, up from one-third, or 32.8 per cent, last year.
While opposition has moderated and the number of people indicating their support is up, Ellis said a “clear majority” remain opposed to the carbon tax.
“The lived reality is, for some people, it's not as bad as they once imagined, but 60 per cent are still opposed and nearly 40 per cent are strongly opposed,” they said.
The NDP government implemented the carbon tax on Jan. 1, 2017, based on the equivalent of $20 per tonne of emissions. It is slated to rise to the equivalent of $30 per tonne in 2018. The tax currently raises the cost of gasoline by 4.49 cents per litre and natural gas by $1.011 per gigajoule. About two-thirds of Albertans receive at least a partial rebate under the program.
The Lethbridge College poll shows Edmonton is the only area of the province to indicate majority support for the carbon levy and rebate policies, at 51.1 per cent, while opposition is strongest in northern Alberta at 66.6 per cent, followed by southern Alberta at 64.2 per cent and Calgary, at 58 per cent.
The biggest determining factor in viewpoints of the policy is politics, said Ellis.
“It is a deep, deep partisan issue for the two main groups of voters, NDP and conservative voters,” they said.
An “overwhelming majority” of provincial NDP voters surveyed, at 83.26 per cent, support the levy and rebate plan, in addition to 60 per cent of Liberal voters. In contrast, 78.5 per cent of United Conservative Party members polled and 68 per cent of Alberta Party voters are opposed to the policy.
Middle-income Albertans are more opposed to the levy than upper-income and lower-income residents, Ellis added.
“It's the middle class who is not receiving the rebates and is struggling with some of the costs that is most opposed,” they said.
The survey included 1,481 adult Alberta residents, who were polled by phone between Sept. 30 and Oct. 5. Landline telephone numbers were selected from a sample drawn from InfoGroup directories and supplemented with a selection of mobile numbers from CSRL lists.
The study has a margin of error of plus or minus 2.55 percentage points, 19 times out of 20. It has an increased margin of error of 4.9 percentage points when analyzing the Calgary sub-sample of the data, 5.1 percentage points for the Edmonton sub-sample, 5.2 percentage points for the north and 4.9 percentage points for the south.
It's an annual ritual. A manager gets together with each of their or their employees, gives them cogent advice on how to improve their performance, and the grateful employees walk away astounded by the boss's astute insight.
The problem is, most managers suck at employee reviews.
Research from CEB, a business advisory company, found that two-thirds of employees who received the highest scores in a typical performance management system were not actually the organization's highest performers. Moreover, conventional reviews only generate a 3- to 5-percent improvement in employee performance. Even HR folks believe there's lots of room for improvement—just 23 percent—said they were satisfied with their organizations' performance evaluations, down from 50 percent a decade ago. In fact, 30 percent of performance reviews actually end up decreasing employee performance, research shows.
It may be that traditional evaluation methods are too stringent. The stack ranking, for instance, only allows managers to give excellent ratings to a small percentage of employees, and dictates that bad ratings are given to another percentage—a pool of people who typically are then laid off or leave. And this results in bad morale at a number of companies, most notably Microsoft.
For that reason, a number of companies are doing away with performance evaluations altogether, the Washington Post writes. “CEB found that a small but growing 3 percent of companies in 2012 had dropped traditional annual performance reviews, up from 1 percent in 2011.” Instead the companies are moving to more frequent evaluations that don't rank people.
Can't talk your company into just ditching performance reviews? Here are some ideas to help make the performance evaluations of your employees more productive.
Offer feedback more often. Don't wait for the review to let employees know how they are doing. Nothing in the review should be a surprise, particularly negative things. Otherwise employees work all year assuming things are fine. Getting regular feedback, even if it's negative, is easier to handle if they hear it more frequently, writes the Wall Street Journal.
Don't wait for the review to let employees know how they are doing. Nothing in the review should be a surprise, particularly negative things. Otherwise employees work all year assuming things are fine. Getting regular feedback, even if it's negative, is easier to handle if they hear it more frequently, writes the Wall Street Journal. Don't feed them a sandwich. You may have learned that it's a good idea to “sandwich” negative feedback between two pieces of positive feedback. But in business, that doesn't work out well, experts say. In fact, it could lead employees to discount the positive feedback as insincere. “Effective leaders are transparent about the strategies they use when working with others,” writes Roger Schwartz, an organizational psychologist, leadership team consultant, and president and CEO of Roger Schwarz & Associates, in Harvard Business Review. “The sandwich approach is designed to influence others without telling them what you're doing.”
You may have learned that it's a good idea to “sandwich” negative feedback between two pieces of positive feedback. But in business, that doesn't work out well, experts say. In fact, it could lead employees to discount the positive feedback as insincere. “Effective leaders are transparent about the strategies they use when working with others,” writes Roger Schwartz, an organizational psychologist, leadership team consultant, and president and CEO of Roger Schwarz & Associates, in Harvard Business Review. “The sandwich approach is designed to influence others without telling them what you're doing.” That said, provide positive feedback. A good rule of thumb is five positive pieces of feedback for every one negative one, writes Kristi Hedges, a leadership coach, speaker and author, in Forbes.
A good rule of thumb is five positive pieces of feedback for every one negative one, writes Kristi Hedges, a leadership coach, speaker and author, in Forbes. Provide negative feedback. Highlighting how employees can improve is important, too, writes Harvard Business Review, because, believe it or not, your employees want it and expect it from you. “A significantly larger number (57%) preferred corrective feedback; only 43% preferred praise/recognition,” according to the publication. Moreover, “fully 72% said they thought their performance would improve if their managers would provide corrective feedback.”
Highlighting how employees can improve is important, too, writes Harvard Business Review, because, believe it or not, your employees want it and expect it from you. “A significantly larger number (57%) preferred corrective feedback; only 43% preferred praise/recognition,” according to the publication. Moreover, “fully 72% said they thought their performance would improve if their managers would provide corrective feedback.” But be careful. Even though people say they want negative feedback, they hate getting it, research finds. “What's meant to be a constructive and helpful discussion quickly gets lost once someone—even those who are sincerely interested in developing their talents and skills—hears critical feedback,” writes the Washington Post. “If negative feedback has the potential to discourage even the best performers and the most industrious employees, then managers need to be especially careful that what's intended as praise doesn't get misconstrued as criticism.”
We feel confident that, given this feedback, we'll see marked improvement in your company's employee evaluations next year.
The current life expectancy will eventually be as laughable as that of centuries past, says one Google executive.
Bill Maris, who is the president and managing partner of Google Venture, recently revealed to Bloomberg that they believe medical technology will someday be advanced enough to completely nullify any condition caused by aging.
One of these pesky inconveniences is death.
They said,
If you ask me today, is it possible to live to be 500? The answer is yes.
The 40-year-old made the prediction while announcing that the majority of the $425 million they have at their disposal for 2015 will go toward medical research, Fortune reports.
The forward-thinking company has already made a few healthcare-related strides.
Google's sci-fi branch, Google X, made a revolutionary leap for diabetes patients last year by inventing a contact lens that continuously tests glucose levels.
The lens is the first alternative to pricking a finger for such information.
Google also set up a mysterious medical research lab called Calico in 2013.
Its progress remains largely unknown, but the focus appears to be eliminating neurodegenerative problems like Alzheimer's or Parkinson's.
But these are just baby steps compared to the long-term goal of a human body capable of living forever.
Maris said,
We actually have the tools in the life sciences to achieve anything that you have the audacity to envision. I just hope to live long enough not to die.
They went on to cite the tremendous differences in curing diseases now compared to the past.
Maris told Bloomberg,
Twenty years ago, without genomics, you could only treat cancer with a poison. That's really different from, 'We can cure your cancer by reverse-engineering a stem cell.' You can now legitimately invest in a company that could cure cancer. In 20 years, chemo will seem so primitive it will be like using a telegraph.
Their words echo those of Google director of engineering Ray Kurzweil, who has declared that immortality will be attained through two ways, according to Daily Mail.
Humans will both upload their minds onto computers and develop artificial equipment to replace any part of the body.
The former event, Kurzweil has said, could occur in as little as 30 years.
Citations: This Google exec says we can live to 500 (Fortune), Google says humans could live for 500 YEARS and is investing in firms hoping to extend our lives five-fold (Daily Mail)
I love Daft Punk. I'm not just a passing fan who knows a few of their tracks – I genuinely adore them. They were the first ever dance music act that I really appreciated and the first I was properly exposed to without knowing it (excluding listening to Clubmix 2001 on repeat in my Dad's car). What's not to like? Two outrageously cool robots projecting a mixture of heavy artillery bangers, disco-infused ballads and perfect pop crossovers that work just as well in clubs and on stereos as they do on adverts and radio shows.
I'm finding it hard to write this without it becoming a full-on ode to the robots who've helped shape dance music as we know it. Alas, that's not what I'm here for because I'm actually really pissed off right now. Why? Because we've been made to wait for good new music and, ultimately, a live tour for far too long. Daft Punk are currently coasting on hype and hysteria and it's driving fans insane. As Delia Smith would say to Thomas and Guy-Man "Come on, where are you? Let's be having you."
While 'Random Access Memories' showcased a new level of inventiveness, ambition and production quality, it just didn't hit the sweet spot. The tracks were over the top and grandiose and although the robots were clearly travelling on a different path to normal, it was one nobody really wanted them to take.
A track like ‘Robot Rock' works because of its simplicity and functionality but also because it was so suited for the dancefloor. Unless you're playing at an ironic disco event or a Paft Dunk tribute night, there's nothing on 'RAM' that's really suited for a club environment.
Share. The new Marvel U. takes shape. The new Marvel U. takes shape.
Update: we've added the solicits for Iron Fist and Jessica Jones.
Marvel already revealed 52 of the 53 ongoing series that will make up this fall's Legacy relaunch. Now they're shedding light on the storylines and creators involved as they debut the full lineup of Marvel Legacy solicitations. Scroll down to find out what to expect from these new and continuing series, and keep checking back as we update this list with new announcements.
Also be sure to check out our exclusive creator commentary for Invincible Iron Man, Defenders, Despicable Deadpool and America.
IRON FIST #73
Written by ED BRISSON
Penciled by MIKE PERKINS
Cover by JEFF DEKAL
SABRETOOTH ROUND TWO Part 1
SABRETOOTH first slashed their way into the pages of Marvel comics back in IRON FIST #14 and never looked back. But now Danny Rand, the legendary Iron Fist, has a problem only Sabretooth can help them solve. Something is threatening the very existence of K'un-Lun, and the Iron Fist must do whatever they can to protect it, even if it means convincing their old enemy to fight by their side. Will mutant claws and crane kicks be enough to save K'un-Lun?
JESSICA JONES #13
Written by BRIAN MICHAEL BENDIS
Penciled by MICHAEL GAYDOS
Cover by DAVID MACK
RETURN OF THE PURPLE MAN Part 1
Jessica Jones is many things: Private Investigator. Defender. Survivor. Mother. When the Purple Man returns, Jessica Jones finds themselves reliving their worst nightmare. But the only thing worse than being stalked by the evil incarnate that is the Purple Man…is being stalked by the evil incarnate that is the Purple Man.
CABLE #150
Written by ED BRISSON
Penciled by JON MALIN
THE NEWER MUTANTS!
The time-traveling mutant known as Cable has made it their one-man mission to preserve all time itself. But when a disturbance in the timestream sends Cable back to the recent past, he'll find a mutant killer they won't be able to handle alone. Cable's led teams of X-Men before and he'll have to turn to some old allies and new friends to stop this deadly threat. Get ready for the newer New Mutants!
GWENPOOL, THE UNBELIEVABLE #21
Written by CHRISTOPHER HASTINGS
Penciled by IRENE STRYCHALSKI
Cover art by PAULINA GANUCHEAU
DOOM SEES YOU
Since arriving in the Marvel Universe from the real world, Gwenpool has made a name for themselves as one of its most exciting heroes. From teaming up with Spider-Man and the Mighty Thor to tackling villains like M.O.D.O.K. and Arcade, no one can top their combination of demolition and off-the-wall adventure. But now Gwenpool's looking for the biggest and baddest foes they can think of and she's going right to the top of the list with…DR. DOOM!
UNCANNY AVENGERS #28
Written by JIM ZUB
Penciled by SEAN IZAAKSE
STARS AND GARTERS
Part Avengers and part X-Men. Two of Earth's mightiest heroes and two of Earth's mightiest friends. And when it comes to super-heroics, Wonder Man and the Beast have seen it, done it, and they got the T-shirt. When the world throws you cosmic conflict, global calamity, death, rebirth and heartache aplenty, it's important to remember where your friends are. Join us for “A Pint or Two,” won't you?
THE MIGHTY THOR #700
Written by JASON AARON
Penciled by RUSSELL DAUTERMAN
WRAPAROUND Cover by RUSSELL DAUTERMAN
DEATH OF THE MIGHTY THOR Part 1
The final judgement comes as the Mangog arrives! The War Thor will meet the beast head on. But even the bloodthirst of this Ultimate Thor may pale in comparison to the might of the Mangog! The battle rages as Jane's cancer takes a turn for the worse, and they might not have to wait for the final judgment at all. The clock is ticking, and no hammer can save them this time. It's the beginning of the end that will lead to the most dramatic return in the Marvel Universe!
SPIRITS OF VENGEANCE #1 (of 5)
Written by VICTOR GISCHLER
Drawn by DAVID BALDEON
COVER BY DAN MORA
WAR AT THE GATES OF HELL Part 1
A dead angel. A silver bullet. A kept promise. For ages, the war between Heaven and Hell raged in the unseen corners of society, both sides in delicate balance that could topple if the right weapons were in the wrong hands… When an undercover angel is murdered, Johnny Blaze, the Ghost Rider, must find the killers and punish them…But this time they won't do it alone: A deadly team must rise from the darkest depths of the Marvel Universe to form an unholy alliance – HELLSTORM! SATANA! BLADE! They are the SPIRITS OF VENGEANCE!
U.S.AVENGERS #11
AL EWING (W) •
PACO DIAZ (A)
Cover by DAVID NAKAYAMA
CANNONBALL RUN Part 1
The U.S. Avengers have a new mission—to find their missing teammate! Squirrel Girl, Red Hulk, Iron Patriot, and more head into outer space to find Cannonball! The search leads them to the strangest planet of all...Glenbrook, U.S.A.! Home — and fiefdom — of Ritchie Redwood, America's best loved teen! What shocking events will lead the U.S. Avengers to uncover the secrets of the seemingly idyllic planet of Glenbrook whose teenagers keep disappearing? And how will this lead them to Cannonball?
JEAN GREY #8
Written by DENNIS HOPELESS
Penciled by VICTOR IBANEZ
Cover by MIKE MAYHEW
PSYCH WAR
The Phoenix is coming and in its wake – death and destruction! Destined to become the Earth's host for the fiery entity, Jean is still not prepared for its arrival and the ensuing battle to come. Them only hope, a former host who can prepare and train their telepathic powers, but what cost is Jean willing to pay when Emma Frost, The White Queen, becomes their only salvation and the last line of defense from the world burning?
ROYALS #9
Written by AL EWING
Penciled by JAVIER RODRIGUEZ
Cover by JAVIER RODRIGUEZ
AND ONE SHALL PERISH
If the Inhuman race was born of Kree experiments, then who made the Kree? Enter the Progenitors! Meanwhile the Inhuman Royal Family, led by Black Bolt and Medusa, are searching for the Prima Materia—the original Terrigen. But even if they find the chemical that will save their dying race…can they escape the revenge of its creators? It has been foretold that of the seven who left Earth, only six will return—and Medusa is already dying. Who will the Royals lose?
ICEMAN #6
Written by SINA GRACE
Penciled by ROBERT GILL
Cover by KEVIN WADA
CHAMPIONS REASSEMBLED
ICEMAN, one of the most powerful mutants within the Marvel Universe, discovers their powers and their outlook on life evolving. They need to lead the charge with a team who stand proudly by their side in the war to “protect those who can't protect themselves.” Hercules, Ghost Rider, Black Widow, Darkstar, and Angel re-unite with Marvel's fearless frozen fighter setting ICEMAN on an all-new path. As more unexpected enemies emerge, can Bobby mature into the warrior he's destined to become? Hope they survive the experience!
AVENGERS #672
Written by MARK WAID
Penciled by JESúS SAIZ
Cover by ALEX ROSS
WORLDS COLLIDE Part 1
Following the events of GENERATIONS comes the long-promised clash between the Avengers and the Champions! The countdown has started as the High Evolutionary, a twisted scientist determined to create a better world at all costs, sets the Earth on a collision course with destruction! The Avengers and the Champions are ready to meet this threat — but will their first cataclysmic clash deter them from Changing the World?
CHAMPIONS #13
Written by MARK WAID
Penciled by HUMBERTO RAMOS
WORLDS COLLIDE Part 2
The titanic clash between the Champions and the Avengers continues! Since they were old enough to say the word “Avengers,” the Champions have idolized Earth's Mightiest Heroes. Now the two teams are on equal footing — and the Champs must walk the walk alongside their former mentors! Will their experiences in GENERATIONS help them — or tear the two teams apart?
SPIDER-GWEN #25
Written by JASON LATOUR
Penciled by ROBBI RODRIGUEZ
Cover by KHARY RANDOLPH
GWENOM Part 1
Gwen's life irrevocably changes as they bond with their universe's version of the Venom symbiote. What does it mean for their relationship with crime kingpin MATT MURDOCK? With their father? With THE OSBORNS?! Is any relationship in Gwen's life safe? It's SPIDER-GWEN like you've never seen them before, and this time, there's no easy fix for them troubles!
LUKE CAGE #166
Written by DAVID F. WALKER
Drawn by NELSON BLAKE
Cover by RAHZZAH
CAGED Part 1
Carl Lucas went to jail for a crime they didn't commit and came out a new man: the hero Luke Cage. Now, Luke finds themselves on the wrong side of the law and thrown back in prison again. What dark power has caged Luke once more and when the entire world is threatened, how can Luke Cage save everyone from the inside of a jail cell?
ALL-NEW WOLVERINE #25
Written by TOM TAYLOR
Penciled by JUANN CABAL
Cover by TERRY DODSON
ORPHANS OF X
DAKEN, the enigmatic son of Logan, has been kidnapped and it's up to the ALL-NEW WOLVERINE to find him. But when the trail leads Laura, a genetic clone of the original Wolverine, back to the FACILITY where they were created and tortured, they will find new horrors waiting for them Who are the ORPHANS OF X and what do they have in store for the children of Logan?
FALCON #1
Written by RODNEY BARNES
Penciled by JOSHUA CASSARA
Cover by JESUS SAIZ
TAKE FLIGHT!
Continuing directly out of the pages of MARVEL LEGACY #1!
Sam Wilson – winged warrior, avian Avenger and one-time sentinel of liberty – takes to the skies again, reborn and recommitted as the fighter for freedom, THE FALCON!
Engaged in an all-new assignment while training their new partner THE PATRIOT, Sam Wilson soars high and sees all. But Sam's new mission finds them on a collision course with an enemy way out of their weight class—the demonic BLACKHEART! From the stratosphere to the streets, the Marvel Universe now has a high-flying hero circling above them ready to strike!
INCREDIBLE HULK #709
Written by GREG PAK
Penciled by GREG LAND
Cover by GREG LAND
RETURN TO PLANET HULK!
Continuing directly out of the pages of MARVEL LEGACY #1 and the transformative events of GENERATIONS!
When Amadeus Cho picks up a distress signal from a distant planet he's shocked to find out it's from SAKAAR. As the Totally Awesome Hulk, he's been trying to avert the curse of anger that haunted Bruce Banner. But SAKAAR is a place for warriors and gladiators…a place where the Hulk fought brutally in the Imperial Arena…who is calling Cho for help?
X-MEN: BLUE #13
Written by CULLEN BUNN
Penciled by JORGE MOLINA
Cover by ARTHUR ADAMS
MOJO WORLDWIDE Parts 1 and 3
Mojo, the demented creature obsessed with melding deadly television shows with reality, has made Earth their focus and it's going to take the combined might of two X-MEN teams to fight back! But when threats from their past are thrown at them, how will these teams react? With SENTINELS and BROOD and BAD MEMORIES attacking at every opportunity, will KITTY and JEAN and their teams be able to save Manhattan? Or is this the trick that finally boosts MOJO's ratings?
X-MEN: GOLD #13
Written by MARC GUGGENHEIM
Penciled by TBA
Cover by ARTHUR ADAMS
MOJO WORLDWIDE Parts 2 and 4
The X-MEN may have bitten off more than they can chew as the Mojoverse continues its bizarre invasion of MANHATTAN! JEAN GREY and their team fight side by side with KITTY PRYDE and their group of Merry Mutants…but can MOJO be defeated when he's got the X-Men's greatest hits weaponized against them? Or will an unlikely alley come to the rescue?
INVINCIBLE IRON MAN #593
Written by Brian Michael Bendis
Penciled by Stefano Caselli
Cover by Adi Granov
THE SEARCH FOR TONY STARK
Continuing directly out of the pages of MARVEL LEGACY #1 and the transformative events of GENERATIONS!
Tony Stark has vanished! The mystery deepens as Stark friends and foes must decide, finally, who will wield the power of Iron Man! All the contenders are in position, and all the armor is polished. There can only be one Armored Avenger! The path to the most startling Iron Man story ever begins here!
DEFENDERS #6
Written by Brian Michael Bendis
Penciled by David Marquez
Cover by David Marquez
KINGPINS OF NEW YORK!
The Defenders: Iron Fist, Jessica Jones, Luke Cage and Daredevil, protectors of the people, are in a desperate struggle to keep New York City safe in the wake of the power vacuum caused by the Kingpin's absence and the all-out street war that results! So what could make things even worse for our team of harried heroes? Would you believe — Deadpool?
DESPICABLE DEADPOOL #287 & 288
Written by Gerry Duggan
Penciled by Scott Koblish
Cover by David Lopez
DEADPOOL KILLS CABLE
Continuing directly out of the pages of MARVEL LEGACY #1!
Deadpool's going back to their vile beginnings as a mercenary and wanted killer. No more being a hero. No more X-Men. No more Avengers. And if they want to break bad again, what's more despicable than killing your best friend? Cable better get ready because their old friend Wade has them in the crosshairs.
AMERICA #8
Written by Gabby Rivera
Penciled by Joe Quinones
Cover by Joe Quinones
EXTERMINATRIX
Everyone's favorite no-nonsense powerhouse, America Chavez, may have finally met their match. Introducing – the deadly and exotic Exterminatrix! Can America continue their hard-hitting journey to defend the multiverse against the oncoming warpath of Exterminatrix and the ominous Midas Corporation? It's the start of a daring adventure as America gains all-new untested powers, and she'll need them against the coming horde of villains!
Jesse is a mild-mannered writer for IGN. Allow them to lend a machete to your intellectual thicket by following @jschedeen on Twitter, or Kicksplode on MyIGN.
TORONTO -- Raptors guard Norman Powell did not appreciate LeBron James yanking their jersey to keep them on the court when Powell was headed to the bench in the Cleveland Cavaliers' 115-94 Game 3 win, even if James' intention was to help him.
"They were subbing in PJ [Tucker], they thought I was coming out, they were pulling my jersey," Powell told ESPN before Sunday's Game 4. "I hit their hand away and told him, 'You don't do that.' I told them not to pull my jersey. We got into it a little bit. I told them not to pull my jersey. If he's trying to get my attention, call my name, call my number, but don't do that. Don't pull my jersey like that."
Had Powell headed to the bench at that exact moment, the Raptors could have been called for an illegal substitution that would've resulted in a technical foul.
Powell, 23, said there is nothing personal between them and the 32-year-old James. It was how they would react with any opposing player.
Editor's Picks Raptors' Kyle Lowry won't play in Game 4 The Raptors' attempt at not being swept by the Cavaliers was made more difficult after guard Kyle Lowry ruled themselves out.
"I just don't like that," Powell told ESPN. "I don't care if it's LeBron or if it's anybody. It could be Kawhi [Leonard], it could be anybody. Just don't pull my jersey. I feel like that's a little disrespectful, you know what I'm saying? Like you're trying to son me, and I don't go for that."
James responded to Powell's hitting their arm with an incredulous look.
"He said they were trying to help me," Powell said. "I mean, if you're trying to help me, don't pull my jersey. You can call my name, you don't have to pull my jersey like that. I feel like that's disrespectful. So, I hit their hand away. They said they were trying to help me. They were like, 'All right, all right. I won't help next time.' Whatever. Just don't pull my jersey."
The exchange came on the heels of James pretending to sip from a beer bottle during Game 1 and spinning the ball in their hands on the perimeter in front of Serge Ibaka before rising up to hit a 3 in Game 2. Following Game 3, James also had a little fun with Raptors ambassador Drake, telling the recording artist after the game, "Where are we headed tonight? Margaritas on me."
Cavs guard J.R. Smith told ESPN they did not notice the momentary spat between Powell and James when it happened, but became aware of it once the clip made the rounds on the internet.
Did James break an unspoken rule in the NBA by tugging on Powell's uniform? "I wouldn't think so," Smith told ESPN. "He helped them out from looking crazy. But he's still young. He's got time to learn."
Powell would like James to mind their own business in the future.
"My coaches were telling me that I was staying in anyway, so they didn't need to do that," Powell said. "I thought it was a little extra, and I told them not to do it. And that was that."
"What do you have to lose"?
As a person who has lived most of my life ostensibly as a cisgender white male, I readily admit that upon transition I was hit with blunt force the realization that as a transgender female I had suddenly lost not only my civil rights, my societal status, but suddenly earned a societal stigma. It was a shock to have things, respect, take them for granted and then suddenly lose them! What did I do, other than be honest with myself and express that honesty?
I've spent the bulk of the last 15 years working to gain back all those rights , that societal respect I had as a human being, not only for myself, but for all for whom I am classified, transgender people. Transgender people are a subset of the larger LGBTQ group and since the majority of T's also fall into the LGBQ category we have all the same challenges plus a lot more!
The 2016 election results with a Trump-Pence Administration were crushing and threaten to set the LGBT movement back not only the amazing 8 years of the Obama Administration, but with a reactionary Supreme Court take us back the middle of the last Century.
Vice-President Elect Mike Pence, a born again Christian, is perhaps one of the most anti-LGBTQ political crusaders to serve in Congress and as governor of a state. Perhaps best known for signing the draconian anti-LGBTQ "religious liberty" law in Indiana last year, "he supported "conversion therapy" as a member of Congress, and later, as a columnist and radio host, they gave a speech in which they said that marriage equality would lead to "societal collapse," and called homosexuality "a choice. " Stopping gays from marrying wasn't biased, they said, but was rather about compelling "God's idea.""
Since Trump is not known for their knowledge or any kind of depth on policy issues one can reasonably suggest that Pence would have tremendous influence on social policies. Even before the election there had been speculation suggesting that Pence could be "the most powerful vice ever." With Friday's announcement (Nov 11) that they are replacing Chris Christie as chairperson of Trump's transition team, filling all the major positions in the incoming Trump administration, their power and status has increased geometrically! (I have few good things to say about Chris Christie, but I can say that they are not a religious ideologue)
So, who else is taking a lead on Trumps Transition Team?
Vice-Chairman Ben Carson who has compared homosexuality to pedophilia and incest.
Vice-Chairman Newt Gingrich who has consistently attacked LGBTQ rights as "gay fascism" and "the new fascism."
Perhaps the most onerous person in Trumps leadership is Ken Blackwell who had already been appointed to lead domestic policy on the transition team. The former Ohio secretary of state, Blackwell has compared homosexuality to arson and kleptomania, which they called "compulsions."
Ken Blackwell, now a senior fellow at the Family Research Council (FRC), who will be handling domestic issues as the team discusses the administration's priorities for its first hundred days. The Southern Poverty Law Center has labeled as an anti-gay hate group thanks to its promotion of "discredited research and junk science" meant to "denigrate LGBT people."
It was reported that Trump was hands-off on LGBTQ issues at the Republican National Convention, resulting in the most anti-LGBTQ platform ever, a platform that affirmed their support for discriminatory, anti-LGBTQ bills in North Carolina and Mississippi targeting the transgender community. The platform in two separate amendments calls for legislation to prevent transgender people from "using public restrooms that align with their gender identity," arguing speciously that it is "illegal and dangerous" and "alien to America's history and traditions."
Based on the RNCC Platform, Statements for Trump, Pence and those leaders on their transition team, here is what we can expect from Trump's first 100 days in office.
President-elect Donald Trump released their "Contract With the American Voter" in October, their "100-day action plan to Make America Great Again," is an overview of what the administration will begin to implement in their first months in office. This "contract", for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer Americans signals a complete reversal of eight years of progress for the LGBTQ community under President Obama.
Overturning Marriage Equality
While nothing in Trump's 100-day plan explicitly states he'll try to roll back same-sex marriage rights, it does state they will "begin the process of selecting a replacement for [Supreme Court] Justice Scalia ... who will uphold and defend the U.S. Constitution." In the past, Trump has also said they would "strongly consider" appointing Supreme Court justices committed to overturning the ruling that legalized same-sex marriage.
Mike Pence as noted has a long and clear track record of anti-same-sex-marriage views. From declaring that that same-sex marriage would bring upon "societal collapse," speaking out against the 2013 repeal of the Defense of Marriage Act and trying (unsuccessfully) in 2014 to block a same-sex marriage court ruling in their home state of Indiana, Pence also tried -- and again failed -- to amend the state's constitution to ban same-sex marriage.
So, would a Trump Supreme Court overturn Obergefell v. Hodges, the 2015 Supreme Court ruling that legalized same-sex marriage nationwide?
Despite Trump telling Leslie Stahl on 60 Minutes that marriage equality is settled law, they have consistently promised to pick judges in the mold of Scalia and Alito ...Beware!
Cancellation of Obama's Executive Actions
Of all the bullet points in Trump's "Contract With the American Voter," the most worrisome for the LGBTQ community may be their stated plan to "cancel every unconstitutional executive action, memorandum and order issued by President Obama."
At risk is the very real possibility that Trump would rescind President Obama's executive order banning federal contractors from engaging in anti-LGBT discrimination. This was very near and dear to me personally as I watched President Obama sign Executive Order 13672 on July 21, 2014, that also added "gender identity" to memorialize the transgender nondiscrimination policy throughout the civilian federal workforce.
Some of the Obama administration's major protections for the LGBTQ community have taken the form of memorandums and final rules -- "such as this spring's double whammy memos for the Department of Education (DOE) and Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), which clarified that gender identity is a protected class in terms of health care coverage and equal access to education facilities."
Could Trump undo those rulings, causing insurance companies to drop transgender patients and forcing trans students to use bathrooms and showers based on their assigned sex at birth?
"NBC OUT spoke with Lambda Legal Law & Policy Director Jennifer Pizer, who focused on the use of the word "unconstitutional" in Trump's plan.
"There have been wild claims by some critics of the Obama administration that many policies and actions taken by agencies and the White House have been unconstitutional. That's simply not true," Pizer said. "In the 'contract,' this stated promise is only to cancel 'unconstitutional' actions. If that promise is kept, the Trump administration will not be withdrawing much at all."
That doesn't necessarily mean that Trump and Pence won't try to re-clarify the HHS and DOE rulings anyway. But if they do, Pizer added, "It will not be because they were unconstitutional. It will be because the new administration disagrees."
"Regardless of whether Trump tries to reconfigure the federal policies on transgender equality, there will always be legal recourse to challenge the new policies."
"Keep in mind that much of the Obama Administration's activity was interpretation and enforcement of federal statutes based on court decisions," Pizer told NBC OUT. "Those decisions will remain in place whether the new administration changes those regulations and 'guidance' or not."
Repeal of Affordable Care Act
Trump states they will "repeal and replace Obamacare" in their 100 Day Plan. They plan to replace the Affordable Care Act (ACA), Obamacare, with "Health Savings Accounts" and "the ability to purchase health insurance across state lines." This particular provision is poised to impact millions of Americans, not just the LGBTQ community.
"But for LGBTQ people specifically, the repeal of the ACA, ... has caused fear around coverage for gender-reaffirming care, spending caps on coverage for HIV-related treatment and the impact on Medicaid and Medicare for low-income segments of the community."
"They can do it, and they intend to do it," HRC Government Affairs Director David Stacy said, "But if you're in an ACA health care plan right now on the exchange, or you're in a Medicaid program, you're not going to have your health care cut off in the immediate term. If they are successful in repealing it, there's going to be some sort of transition period."
It is very clear that if and when Trump does repeal the ACA, the harshest impact will be felt on LGBTQ people with lower incomes as well as those with pre-existing conditions. Although Trump has said that they want to keep the ban on pre-existing conditions, I would be wary.
"Repeal of this law very likely means a return to the bad old days of pre-existing condition exclusions from health insurance and denials of insurance outright," Pizer of Lambda Legal said. "Repeal also very likely would mean an end to the important federal subsidies for people of limited means. Leaving Medicaid to states likely would mean a dramatic change in that program and deeply problematic decreases in care for those who are most vulnerable."
"And as one HIV-positive man told NBC OUT on Wednesday at an anti-Trump protest in New York, losing the ACA could mean a return to insurance spending caps -- a dangerous prospect for people living with the virus or people living with chronic conditions that result in high health-care costs."
"If they roll back the spending caps, I can never have a lapse in employment. My pills cost over $3,000 a month," Christen Madsen II said, while standing outside Trump Tower. "And they used to be able to put a cap on the amount insurance would cover for prescriptions, so that could come back."
Other Rights We've Gained under President Obama not listed in Trumps 100 day plan
Military Service
David Stacy, of HRC, said the repeal of "don't ask, don't tell" is "exceedingly unlikely."
"One of the reasons is, openly LGB service in the military has been phenomenally successful ... The military leadership of our country feels good about it," they explained.
"Transgender military service has just begun, and I think that is a little more at risk ... But once the military starts to implement something, it takes a lot of energy to change course," Stacy added. I do admit that I was encouraged this summer at an Army base talking to the commanding General and some of their staff. (He had met and seemed impressed with Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense Amanda Simpson)
Hate Crimes
As for criminal justice, it is unlikely that even this Congress would overturn the Hate Crimes Prevention Act, but the new Department of Justice leadership probably would not pursue hate crime investigations as fiercely as the Obama administration has. DOJ efforts to reach out to LGBT communities would likely no longer continue and I doubt if my local FBI office would continue to to have internal Pride celebrations and invite transgender and LGB people to speak and address the staff.
Discrimination
"Vice President-elect Mike Pence told evangelical radio host Dr. James Dobson on Wednesday that "The Trump-Pence administration will be dedicated to preserving ... the freedom of religion that's enshrined in our Bill of Rights." Pence issued the phrase in response to questions about whether their administration would work to make sure religious businesses don't have to cover birth control for employees, but critics note "religious freedom" bills can result in discrimination against LGBTQ people."
There are still no federal anti-discrimination clause protecting LGBTQ people from discrimination in public facilities. But many states, counties and cities do have anti-discrimination laws in place that specify sexual orientation and gender identity -- those will most likely not be affected by the new administration.
However, existing routes for gaining recourse when employment and housing discrimination occur may be altered.
"What will likely happen with this new administration is that they will not enforce those laws in the same way as President Obama's administration," Warbelow explained. "The Department of Justice, the EEOC, the Department of Labor will not as robustly enforce and they will unfortunately turn their back on the LGBT community -- but people still can have legal recourse and file those complaints."
Legal recourse, but with Scalia inspired judges, new EEOC commissioners, that may be a pipe dream!
Going Forward
While LGBTQ Americans wait for more of President-elect Trump's policy plans to be revealed, the hope is that they will make good on their victory speech promise to be "president for all Americans" -- includes LGBTQ Americans. I don't think that we should wait, we need to be prepared to fight to expose the transphobia, homophobia, misogyny, the racism that permeates Trump.
A recent crackdown on anti-government protests in Ethiopia has sparked fears for the fate of arrested activists and political opponents including prominent opposition member Andargachew 'Andy' Tsege, currently on death row in the African nation. The British-Ethiopian citizen is the founder of the Ginbot 7 political party, which Ethiopia classified as a terrorist organisation.
Tsege moved to the UK in 1979 and was later granted asylum as a political refugee. In 2009, they were tried in absentia and sentenced to death by the Ethiopian government for an alleged coup attempt. Tsege continued to live in London with their family until 2014, when they were arrested by Yemeni authorities in collaboration with Ethiopian intelligence at Yemen's Sana'a airport. They were then subsequently deported to Ethiopia.
IBTimes UK interviewed Tsege's partner, Yemi Hailemariam, who lives in London with the couple's three children. Hailemariam has been campaigning for the release of their husband, who some believe was arrested as part of a wider crackdown the government carried out on opposition members ahead of the 2015 general election.
"We are one of the possible ways that they can be able to get out of the situation that they are in. So that burden of trying to bring about their release is time-consuming and very distracting," Hailemariam told IBTimes UK. "He will come out and they should always think it is a very short time before they are going to be free."
They also criticised the UK government for not having done enough to ensure the release of their husband. British legal charity Reprieve, which is working to ensure Tsege's release, claimed that, when previously contacted, the UK's Foreign Office "declined to ask for their [ Tsege's] release, and had instead insisted on securing 'legal access' in Ethiopia".
A Foreign Office's spokesperson told IBTimes UK: "The Government has raised Mr Tsege's case with the Ethiopian Government repeatedly and at the very highest levels. We have received a commitment from Prime Minister Hailemariam that Mr Tsege will be allowed access to independent legal advice to allow them to discuss options under the Ethiopian legal system."
For more information on Tsege's detention and the online petition calling for their release, click here.
Ethiopia witnesses rise in anti-government protests
Recent calls to release Tsege came as nearly 100 people were allegedly killed during anti-government protests in Ethiopia.
Demonstrations erupted in the Amhara region earlier in August, when thousands took to the streets of Gondar and Bahir Dar in protest over the administration of disputed territories. Members of the Welkait-Tegede community are demanding their lands be administered by the Amhara region, instead of the Tigray state.
Protesters, who identify themselves as ethnic Amhara people – Ethiopia's second largest ethnic group – clashed with police during the demonstrations, dubbed the biggest anti-government unrest Ethiopia has witnessed in recent history. Both witnesses and Amnesty International claimed at least 30 people were killed in Bahir Dar.
A similar incident occurred in Oromia, where activists and witnesses claimed at least 67 people were killed during protests. The demonstrations were the culmination of a wave of unrest that rocked Oromia, Ethiopia's largest state, in recent months.
"We don't want to see people die in the streets of Addis Ababa," Halemariam explained. "Repression is not going to continue on for very long. People are going to get upset and economical gain without any independence means absolutely nothing and economical gain when there is repression is only for the few."
The Ethiopian embassy in London has not responded to a request for comments on Tsege's detention. The state-affiliated Fana Broadcasting Corporation (FBC) reported authorities blamed foreign enemies for the unrest and deemed the recent protests as illegal.
Time for an update on the Somabay Egyptian Solar Challenge. Scrutineering was due to have begun, but apparently all the cars are still held up in customs. Hopefully the race itself will still start on the 17th. Apparently the route will run north and south along the Red Sea shore for four days, and finish at the Pyramids of Giza on the fifth day.
With luck, we will get some news from mostdece during the race, because the official Twitter and Facebook feeds are not saying much. The following three teams have active news feeds:
Bochum are putting up very detailed daily blog posts (in German) at bosolarcar.de/themen/news. Their local partners from Cairo University are active on Facebook (and, amazingly, auto-translate works well).
This Breton team is active on Facebook and Twitter (click on the icons above).
Nuon is extremely active on Twitter, posting news, pictures, and short videos.
Update 1: apparently the race organisers have no permit to conduct the race as planned. The race will therefore be reduced to a 2-day event, running laps around the Somabay resort complex.
Update 2: Nuon has a report on the event here.
Advertisements
The light of the sun was seeping through the blinds when I awoke. I looked over to my alarm clock. It took a second or two before I realized the time.
"Shit! I can't be late today!" I thought.
I quickly got up and grabbed a long sleeved grey tee off the floor and put it on. Then I grabbed some clean jeans from my dresser and fell over in my rush to put them on. I frantically searched for a brush and found one in the closet. I brushed my hair but it still looked bad; it needed to be re-dyed. It was a bright orange but it was meant to be blood red. I put it up in a messy ponytail. I looked in the mirror, watching the two green eyes stare back at me as I applied eye liner.
I had such a small pointy chin that what well with my small pointy nose and slim face. I bite off a hang nail as I run upstairs. I just kept thinking that I was going to fail because I had to take that test that day.
I scanned the fridge for food that my stomach would allow me to eat and as usual found nothing. I grabbed my heavy backpack and my dirty skate board. I took off out the door and down the street. I was in such a rush that I didn't notice the black car cut me off till I was so close. the only way to keep from being hit was to fall face first in to the grey hard cackled side walk.
The only thought that went through my head at that moment was my mom telling me "why don't you ever wear your helmet one day you're going to get yourself killed!" and I guess mom was right.
I found myself on my back I could hear someone talking.
The deep smooth voice that cut through the empty space between me and realty said, "Is they going to be ok?"
"I think so, it looks like it might just a cut," said a second voice with apathy.
"You sure, should have seen that guy cut them off it was awful," came that deep voice again.
"Don't worry we are taking them to the hospital," said another voice sounding annoyed.
"No you aren't," I thought, "not if I can help it I got to go to school".
I open my eyes to see an angle and two paramedics staring down at me. I swallowed hard and sat up in a rush only to fall back down. They yelled at me to stay still but I didn't. Instead I got up again this time a little slower grabbed my things quickly and off I was again on my board.
They yelled after me but I was lucky I was on a downhill and was going pretty fast. I heard the sirens so I ducked in to a back alley. They missed me but the guy with the angle face didn't.
They stopped and got out, "where you headed, I'll give you a and was going pretty fast. I heard the sirens so I ducked in to a back alley. They missed me but the guy with the angle face didn't.
They stopped and got out, "where you headed, I'll give you a lift," they said.
I thought what the heck I was going to be late already and who could deny a guy like that. They must have been almost 6 ½ feat tall with blue hair, medium length with bangs that sweep off to one side, an old grey car, a pair of blue converses, and slick black aviators.
They had a blue button-up shirt with the sleeves rolled up and black skinny jeans with a black tie along with a pair of blue suspenders they let hang. They had a chilled look to them but yet some what tuff. This might have been from huge muscles they had or the scars on their arms. They were skinny and when they took off their sun glass they reviled two dark blue eyes that seemed to cut your soul.
Their face was smooth and pail. They had a good posture and a gentle smile that chilled ones soul. Their head was slightly crocked as they looked me over. There was just something about them that made my heart beat speed up and my palms all sweaty.
I was crouched on the ground looking up at them as they put out their hand for me to grab. I smiled and took their hand
Picture this: you take a thousand dollars out of the bank and go to Las Vegas. You put on your finest clothes and hit the nearest casino. You buy a $1000 chip and stride over to the roulette wheel, looking fabulous and confident. You put the thousand dollar chip on your lucky number, and the wheel spins…and you spend the rest of the weekend alone in your hotel room, wondering why bad things have to happen to you.
That's how lots of first dates feel: with everything riding on the outcome of this one big chance, romance and excitement quickly give way to confusion and dejection. Sound familiar?
Don't bet everything on the first date: lower the stakes.
Low-Stakes First Dates: The Basics
I was introduced to the idea of low-stakes first dates by — who else? — a woman with whom I was about to go on a first date. I'd started meeting women through dating websites, often exchanging boastful, flirty email for weeks before one of us finally felt confident enough to ask the other out. What happened then was usually a rushed and awkward first date, and you could almost see our expectations hanging in the air like cartoon thought balloons. One day I sent off a particularly over-the-top flirtation, and got this response: “Hey, cool your jets. No need to build things up before we meet. We might not even like each other. Want to go get a beer tonight at 7?” I learned a lot about low-stakes dating on our first (and only) date.
Have the first date as soon as you know you want to have one.
Don't spend six months trading witty e-mail banter. Once it's clear that this is someone you want to know better, make a date.
Flattery feels good, but it raises the stakes.
As much fun as it is to flirt, it does make it harder to keep it low-key.
Good First Dates
A good first date is a shared experience of something that leaves room for casual conversation and offers opportunities to tell stories and articulate thoughts, but doesn't last too long. How about lunch?The date needs to have a definite end: some natural and obvious point at which you two will go your separate ways. If you have dinner together, linger over dessert instead of going onward to a bar. Arrange to meet at the restaurant, rather than being picked up — and therefore dropped off — at home.
The reason the date needs to have an end is so that you don't end up having sex. Don't even make out, and don't go home together, even just for one drink. If you're really into this person, a solid goodnight kiss says enough.
Bad First Dates
Going to a party where your date won't know anyone
You'll either snub your friends, snub your date, or spend your time managing your date's experience. Or maybe all of your friends will absolutely love or totally hate your date… which raises the stakes.
Situations that prevent you from speaking or looking at each other
Movies and theater don't make good first dates, since sitting wordlessly in the dark for two hours is a lousy way to get to know someone.
Situations that can't gracefully be adjusted or ended once they start
A four-hour sunset cruise is a great date… until you get seasick, or your date casually makes a racist remark.
Stuff you've never done that they absolutely love (or vice versa)
This is a tricky one, for a few reasons. There's a good chance of awkwardness if one of you is a fish out of water. Even if you have fun, you'll be dealing with the novelty of the experience instead of, you know, being on a date. Save the fun-but-risky dates for later.
The Next Day: Communicate Clearly
You don't have to sit around waiting for the other person to call you, but do sleep on it before making that call yourself. Talk to a friend to find out how you really feel about the date.
How DO you feel about the date? What did you like? What wasn't so great? What would you want more of, and what would you want to avoid in the future? Noticing how you feel about these things will deepen your understanding of what you (a) really want, (b) gotta have, and (c) won't tolerate. That kind of self-knowledge is a key to romantic happiness.
As you reflect on these things, you may be tempted to downplay the downsides by focusing on your date's redeeming qualities, but that's not how it works: some flaws are dealbreakers, no matter what. The reverse is also true: a good date needs to have qualities you really like! An absence of huge defects should not be your standard of excellence.
My lovely and brilliant pal Damiana Merryweather is an expert on first dates, and they have this to say on the subject: “Don't compromise on anything more important than pizza toppings. ‘He did tell a racist joke, but they held the door and paid for dinner.' ‘He wants to ban abortion and thinks wives shouldn't work outside the home. But they were so cute! We like the same authors!' Just move on. There's somebody out there who's just right. Don't waste your time with somebody who is just sorta okay.
If you're into it, say so. Say it simply and leave room for — ASK for! — your date's opinion on the matter. Remember, the stakes are low. If your date isn't interested in you, this is a great time to find out: leave room for that possibility while being clear about your own interest.
In the unlikely event that your date isn't interested in seeing you again: hey, no big deal. Congratulate yourself for having kept it low-key. When you're ready, make a date with one of the other several billion people out there.
If you're not into it, say so kindly and unambiguously. Don't specify a particular reason for not being into it. As a near-stranger, your opinions will bear a lot of weight, so be charitable to your fellow human and just say that you didn't feel that certain romantic spark that you're looking for. Good luck and best wishes, sincerely, period. Vague mild disappointment sure beats specific intense disappointment. This is your last chance to disappoint gracefully — while the stakes are still low.
If you're both interested, make a second date!
The Second Date: First Date Part Two
The second date is really just an extension of the first date. You're still just getting to know each other — you haven't even seen each other naked (right?).
Good second dates
As before: a good date is a shared experience of something fun that leaves room for casual conversation and offers opportunities to tell stories and articulate thoughts — maybe something you talked about during the first date. One exception to the “No movies” rule from the list of bad first dates: You might consider going to a well-reviewed movie that you both really want to see. NO ART FILMS — think in terms of comedies starring actors you both love. If you pick one that's been playing for a few weeks, you might even have a little privacy in the theater. I'm just saying.
Bad second dates
The list of bad first dates still applies (aside from the movie exception above). Also, sex.
Third dates and beyond…
Hey, slow down. I'm only ready to talk about first dates.
But if you want some general advice: take it slow, be mindful of your feelings, and think about whether you're getting what you want and comfortable with what you're doing. You've got this dating thing under control.
How to Get Good at First Dates
Have more of them. I like http://www.okcupid.com.
Love,
Benjy
A federal judge granted an emergency stay on implementation of President Trump's executive order restricting immigration from seven Middle Eastern countries late Saturday. The temporary stay impacts travelers with valid visas.
"Nationwide injunction - no one can be removed - [government] must provide list of names of [people] affected," tweeted Dale Ho, a lawyer for the American Civil Liberties Union.
The ACLU filed a lawsuit in the eastern district of New York on behalf of two Iraqi nationals detained at John F. Kennedy airport. The stay was granted to in part because Syrian refugees and other migrants authorized to come to the United States would suffer "irreparable harm" if they were returned to their countries of origin while the suspension lasts.
"It is appropriate and just that, pending completion of a hearing before the Court on the merits of the Petition, that the Respondents be enjoined and restrained from the commission of further acts and misconduct in violation of the Constitution as described in the Emergency Motion for Stay of Removal," Judge Ann Donnelly wrote in their order.
Of the two plaintiffs, one — Hameed Jhalid Darweesh, who served as an interpreter in the U.S. Army — was released early Saturday afternoon. The second, the husband of a U.S. contractor living in the U.S., was released Saturday evening before the judge's order, according to Fox News. Eleven people unnamed in the ACLU complaint, which is likely to be certified as a class action lawsuit, were also detained in New York.
Editor's note: The story has been edited to reflect that the judge's stay on the executive order is temporary and corrected to note that both of the named plainitiffs were released earlier Saturday.
Northern Soul: 40 years of the sound of Wigan Casino
The popularity of the Northern Soul scene surged when the all-nighters began at Wigan Casino nightclub
Continue reading the main story Related Stories
Britain's Northern Soul music scene exploded with the first "all-nighter" at the Wigan Casino nightclub in September 1973. The Culture Show's Paul Mason, once a regular on the dancefloor, recalls the sound that defined their youth:
Looking back on Northern Soul, 40 years on from the first all-nighter at Wigan Casino, one thing stands out.
It may have blazed a trail to the all-night dance club scene we have today, but it was also the first youth subculture focused on the past.
Though the scene was biggest in the mid to late 70s, it was driven by obscure tracks from the heyday of American soul between 1965 and 1971.
Compared to funk and disco it was already "old" even then.
I've been wondering what made me, as a kid, abandon pop, rock and disco and spend every penny I had on deleted seven-inch vinyl tracks - which few people in America had ever heard of.
Continue reading the main story Twisted origins Northern Soul is a phrase coined by writer Dave Godin in 1970, when they noticed football fans from northern England asking for old-fashioned, fast-tempo soul records in their London shop. Many would have attended the Twisted Wheel in Manchester - a super-cool club for Mods. But as American black music began to develop in the direction of funk, the clientele clung to the more gritty sounds of the late 1960s. When the Wheel closed, a series of clubs in the north of England and Midlands had all-nighters. Then Wigan Casino opened and the scene went massive.
Though there is a thriving Northern Soul scene today, with many of its adherents now aged in their fifties, what abides for me is the music.
There is no real American genre called Northern Soul. It is something created by the dancers and DJs on this side of the Atlantic.
Though many of the best records came from Detroit, from recording studios owned by Motown boss Berry Gordy, the sound is the opposite of the one they developed at their Hitsville USA studio.
Dance beat
There are fewer strings, fewer shimmering harmonies in Northern Soul. But the most important thing is it is dance music. It is fast and furious.
Gordy's aim in commercialising Motown - in hiking production standards and grooming its stars - was to make it more appealing to a white audience.
But the audience in northern England in the 1970s - an era of football violence, terrorism and industrial strife - wanted something different.
DJ Richard Searling called Northern Soul "deep soul with a dance beat". That translates as more heartfelt, rougher, more emotional.
Searling was among a small number of fans who travelled to the United States to comb through record warehouses in Detroit and Philadelphia.
They wanted to find tracks that had flopped or never been released but which, according to the aesthetic of Northern Soul, were masterpieces.
Searling famously found Gloria Jones' Tainted Love - later covered by Marc Almond - on the floor of a warehouse.
Ian Levine, one of Britain's iconic soul DJs, has been an obsessive collector since the age of 14. They would go on trips with their parents and buy up rare records in Florida.
"Northern Soul is about the artists that wanted to be the Motown sound but weren't," they say.
"People who wanted to be The Supremes, The Temptations, but didn't have any money to spend on production values or distribution."
Levine, and a generation of fans like him, realised what this music lacked in slickness it made up for in authenticity.
They discovered thousands of tracks in the remainder bins of US warehouses and a genre was born.
Those who were part of it knew we were outwitting not only the luminaries of the British pop industry - who were trying to cram commercial music down our throats - but also the masterminds of American soul.
Clubs across the north of England held all-nighters
Like all the best subcultures, this combination of niche music, slick fashion, dance style and heavy use of drugs made it a kind of portable secret world to carry with you through the 1970s.
Though some Northern Soul records were made for the scene from new, during its heyday most "new" records were in fact old records rediscovered.
Most expensive
Today there are still DJs and collectors trying to find the next big Northern Soul hit among reels of tape and acetate pressings made 40 years ago.
It is this "curated" nature of Northern Soul that has come to fascinate me.
It's hard to explain to a generation raised on iTunes and Spotify, but this was a time when if you didn't physically own the record, you could not listen to it.
There was no digital radio, no online discographies to help identify what you were listening to.
You had to go to an all-nighter, or root through the little square record boxes of the collectors at places like Wigan.
I remember paying £7 for an original copy of Little Anthony and the Imperials Better Use Your Head on the Veep label in 1976. For comparison, when I got a factory summer job that year, the weekly wage was £17.
Recently, the most expensive Northern Soul record ever - Do I Love You by Frank Wilson - sold for a reported £20,000. There are only two copies in the world.
Continue reading the main story Working class rebels Some youth cultures rebelled by ripping up the rules of existing pop music - like with punk or hip-hop. Northern Soul rebelled by borrowing and transforming other people's music. They did not transform it physically. But by putting its hyper-emotional lyrics and major-seventh chords into halls full of white working class youths, they were montaging one culture onto another. Elaine Constantine's feature film 'Northern Soul' captures what it meant to be on the scene. "The message was this is underground, it's all about a big secret that's ours," they say. "It was about being cool, wearing the latest clothes, looking for the records that no one in the real world knew about."
I left the soul scene in the late 1970s, but the music never left me. Now, thanks to the internet, I've been able to find out more about the artists whose voices entranced me.
YouTube has become a proxy online jukebox containing thousands of uploaded soul tracks.
A few of the artists were slightly famous, like Jackie Wilson for their crossover hit The Sweetest Feeling.
But some were completely obscure. The 1973 track You Really Hurt Me Girl by The Carstairs was big on the soul scene.
Ian Levine found that record - three copies in a batch of 100,000 from a warehouse.
Underground scene
In the late 1990s they tracked down the lead singer, Cleveland Horne, and discovered the record was never released because the distributor had gone bust.
"Twenty five years later we got the group back together," says Levine. "They performed it and they cried in front of 800 people.
"Tears ran down their face when they realised how popular this song had been."
For soul aficionados, that is the problem.
Music that to modern club-goers seems as old and corny as the stuff on Strictly Come Dancing, sounds to we're ageing soul boys better than anything new.
"I can't bear to listen to Radio One," adds Levine. "I'm still hopelessly lost in time with this music that still makes the hair on the back of my neck tingle".
It would be easy to write Northern Soul off now as nostalgia. But as I found in making The Culture Show for BBC Two, it has given birth to a new underground dance scene in the north, composed of teenagers just as crazy about the music as we were 40 years ago.
That's the weird beauty of a subculture that was already, at its birth, based on nostalgia for a time that can't come back.
Like the young, hopeful voices of the singers on the tracks themselves, it can be forever new.
The Culture Show Northern Soul - Keep the Faith is on BBC Two at 22:00 BST on Wednesday 25th September. It is available afterwards on BBC iPlayer.
Beer festivals, like the Wisconsin Beer Lovers Festival, runneth over during the summer and fall. Credit: Wisconsin Beer Lovers Beer Festival
By of the
Beer festivals are a chance to join hundreds of like-minded beer lovers in the pursuit of the perfect pint.
Well, maybe not a full pint, but three ounces of liquid gold.
The beauty of a festival — and the 3-ounce glass — is that you don't have to be a beer aficionado. Festivals, with table after table of brewers sharing their blends of hops and malts, are designed for the beer-curious.
Try something new. Talk to the man or woman who made the beer. Go for all the medals on untappd.
Here's where:
May 27-29:Summer Untapped. The Micro and Leinie Lodge at Wisconsin State Fair Park, 640 S. 84th St., West Allis, will open for the Memorial Day weekend, serving more than 50 Wisconsin craft beers.
It's open from 5 to 11 p.m. May 27, 11 a.m. to 11 p.m. May 28 and 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. May 29. The event is free to get in. Parking is $6.
Bonus: So far, the live music schedule includes JDubz Acoustic Duo on May 28 and Zachary Wade & Guest on May 29.
June 4:World of Beer Festival. The Beer Barons of Milwaukee host the festival at Schwabenhoff Pavilion, N56-W14750 Silver Spring Drive, Menomonee Falls.
Sample from more than 350 Baron-picked beers, meads and ciders from 1 to 5 p.m. General admission tickets are $45 and include a festival glass. VIB (very important beers) tickets are $65 and include a chance to try rare beers.
Bonus: Shuttle buses available from Milwaukee's east side, St. Francis and Bay View, Oak Creek, Wisconsin State Fair Park, Hales Corners and Delafield.
June 11:Beer Camp Across America Festival. Host brewery Sierra Nevada invited every craft brewer to join them for the six festivals they have planned across the country. Bottom line: The tour is a chance to highlight a variety pack of beer Sierra Nevada Brewing made with 30 other breweries.
Ninety-seven breweries will make themselves at home at Veterans Park from 3 to 7 p.m.
Bonus: The plan calls for live music, food trucks and a party atmosphere.
Tickets are $50 for general admission in advance and $70 for early access. Ticket prices go up $15 after advanced tickets are sold out.
June 18:Wisconsin Beer Lovers Festival. The Wisconsin Brewers Guild helps sponsor this festival, which is a sign of a good party.
More than 40 breweries are represented and each is paired with local chefs and Wisconsin cheese-makers designed to complement the beers available for sampling. The festival takes place in Bayshore Town Center in Glendale from 1 to 5 p.m.
Bonus: There's an app with brewery and restaurant locations.
General-admission tickets are $45 in advance and $55 at the door. That includes a souvenir tasting glass and unlimited samples. Designated drivers can purchase a "Food Lovers Ticket" for $25.
June 25:Border War Beer Fest. Like Beer Camp Across America, this one is new. Kenosha sets the stage for an imagined rivalry between Illinois and Wisconsin brews.
Fifteen Wisconsin breweries and cideries are pitted against a dozen breweries from Illinois from 3 to 6 p.m. at Harbor Park, 206 55th St., Kenosha.
Bonus: The winning state takes home the "Willy," a traveling trophy awarded to the state with the best brews as voted on by attendees at the fest.
General admission is $45 for a 31/2-hour session, unlimited samples and a commemorative pint glass. VIP tickets cost $79 and include early access, admission to the VIP lounge, unlimited samples of rare and limited-release beers and more.
July 23:Milwaukee Firkin Fest. It's fun to say and fun to sip. A firkin is a small wooden barrel or covered vessel. Expect 50 of them filled with cask-conditioned ale or cider from 4 to 7:30 p.m. in Cathedral Square.
Bonus: The festival concentrates on the beer but also the history of beer. Look for Historic Milwaukee brewing displays and a breweriana tent.
General admission tickets are $49; VIP tickets are $80. VIP tickets allow a one-hour head start, food from 3 to 4:30 p.m., tastings of rare or limited-release brews and a fest T-shirt.
July 30:Milwaukee Brewfest. The beer is good, but the lakefront view can make anything taste even better.
Milwaukee Brewfest spreads out at 1600 N. Lincoln Memorial Drive from 3 to 7 p.m. VIP admission begins at 2 p.m.
Bonus: Look for live music and home-brewing demonstrations.
General admission is $45 in advance and $50 at the door (if not sold out in advance). VIP tickets are $75 in advance only and allow for early entry; free food; covered seating; and private restrooms.
August 13:Great Taste of the Midwest. Beer lovers wait overnight for tickets to the annual festival held on the shores of Lake Monona in Madison.
It's worth it.
The nonprofit Madison Homebrewers and Tasters Guild has beer festival efficiencies down — for both brewers and fest-goers. Expect 1,000 beers this year, but don't try to drink them all.
Gates open at 1 p.m. Beer sampling ends at 6 p.m. There's plenty of room to dance to live music and food trucks are available on the grounds.
Bonus: The festival draws brewers from across the Midwest and many save their rare or limited-edition brews for the occasion.
Tickets are $60 and are sold in person the first Sunday of the month or May or by mail in a ticket lottery.
Sept. 10:Thirsty Troll Brew Fest. The annual event is held at Mount Horeb's Grundahl Park, 401 Blue Mounds St., where 25 craft brewers serve more than 100 different beers. The festival runs from 1 to 5 p.m.
Bonus: Food is provided by local civic organizations.
Tickets cost $35 through May 31; $40 after June 1; and $50 at the gate. VIP tickets are $75 and include early entry and a special beer sampling.
Sept. 10: Ervtoberfest. It's a small but mighty beer festival in front of Erv's Mug, 130 W. Ryan Road in Oak Creek. The size makes it easy to get a sample and talk with a brewer or a representative. And sometimes, they pour you something that's not on the menu.
Ervtoberfest runs from 5 to 9 p.m.
Bonus: Your $40 ticket includes food and beer.
Sept. 17:Great Lakes Brewfest. Here's your chance for brew at the zoo. The popular festival is held at the Racine Zoo from 3 to 6 p.m. More than 400 breweries and ciders are represented.
Bonus: The festival is a benefit for The Kilties, an all-ages, coeducational drum and bugle corps focused on education and mentorship.
General admission tickets cost $50. VIP tickets are $89 and include early entry, food samples, rare beers, a private lounge and private restrooms.
Oct. 1:Milwaukee Cider Fest. The festival celebrates cider but doesn't forget beer (see the Oktoberfest tent).
The festival is held from 1:00 to 4:30 p.m. and opens at noon for VIPs at Schlitz Park, 1543 N. 2nd St.
General admission tickets cost $42.19. VIP tickets cost $63.44.
For a guide to beer news and more, see Tap Milwaukee's Beer Here page.
DIEREN, the Netherlands – In cooperation with Royal Dutch Gazelle, e-bike component manufacturer Panasonic developed an exclusive front-wheel system. The well-known Orange and Chamonix models are both equipped with this front-wheel system and will be available on the market from mid-September.
“Panasonic has over twenty years of experience with e-bikes and is therefore the perfect partner for us”, says the Dutch company in a press release. Gazelle's quality combined with Panasonic's proven technology results in a robust system with a choice of battery packs. The e-bikes featuring the Panasonic system are reliable and stylish while maintaining the looks of a normal bicycle. They are also equipped with hand-grip operation and Walk Assist.
The new e-bikes have been extensively tested by consumers in recent months. Their feedback resulted in the finer tuning of the models' three power settings: eco, normal and sport.
Best choice for flat terrain
Ferdi Ertekin, Marketing Manager at Royal Dutch Gazelle, on the front-wheel system: “The front-wheel motor has a number of important advantages over other systems. This type of motor is quieter, fits better in a bicycle's design, has the ability to free-wheel and is easy to maintain. That is why the front-wheel motor is often the best choice for flat terrain.”
Pentagon has been asked to work closely with India and cooperate in anti-submarine warfare
The US considers India a 'major defence partner and wants to work together in the Indian Ocean
A key Senate panel has asked the Pentagon to reassess its approach to partner with India and cooperate with it in anti-submarine warfare, amid China's increased naval presence in the Indian Ocean. An amendment in this regard to the National Defence Authorisation Act (NDAA)-2018, moved by Senator Ted Cruz, was passed by the Senate Armed Services Committee early this week.It is a part of Senator Cruz's effort to further implement the designation of India as a 'Major Defence Partner'."Few partnerships in the 21st century carry more strategic significance than United States' partnership with India, the world's largest democracy," Ted Cruz's office said."Even so, Senator Cruz believes that the current bilateral cooperation and joint development need to be more closely aligned with the shared interests of maritime domain awareness and anti-submarine warfare," it said.As such Senator Cruz secured an amendment that calls on Department of Defence to reassess its approach to partnering with India and to appoint an individual to oversee this process.The amendment came as China increased its maritime presence in the Indian Ocean by docking its ships at ports in Karachi and Colombo.Further, the bill notes that Taiwan is vital for American national security in the Asia-Pacific and alleges that China is seeking to isolate Taiwan from its allies and partners across the world.The NDAA-2018 amendment comes days after India and the US sought to increase their military-to-military engagement and defence trade."The United States remains a reliable provider of advanced defence articles in support of India's military modernisation efforts," said a fact-sheet issued by the White House on Monday after a meeting between US President Donald Trump and Prime Minister Narendra Modi."United States-sourced defence articles, including the Sea Guardian Unmanned Aerial System, Apache attack helicopters, and C-17 aircraft will further enhance the capabilities of the Indian Armed Forces and provide additional opportunities for interoperability," it said."Completion of these sales would increase bilateral defence trade to nearly US $19 billion, supporting thousands of United States jobs. If selected, United State offers to sell F-16 and F/A-18 fighter aircraft to India would represent the most significant defence cooperation between the United States and India to date," the fact-sheet said. According to the fact-sheet, the US-India Defence Technology and Trade Initiative (DTTI) remains the premier forum for deepening collaboration on defence co-development and co-production.
Former President Bill Clinton William (Bill) Jefferson ClintonInviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Howard Schultz must run as a Democrat for chance in 2020 Trump says they never told McCabe their wife was 'a loser' MORE lashed out at Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE late Sunday, accusing their backers of “sexist” attacks against Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE.
ADVERTISEMENT
“People who have gone online to defend Hillary and explain — just explain why they supported them — have been subject to attacks that are literally too profane, often — not to mention sexist — to repeat,” they said during an event in Milford, N.H.
Bill Clinton also directly criticized Sanders's positions on healthcare and campaign finance during their address two days before New Hampshire's Democratic presidential primary.
“Is it good for America?” they asked of Sanders's healthcare model. “I don't think so. Is it good for New Hampshire? I don't think so."
“Anybody who takes money from Goldman Sachs can't possibly be president?” Bill Clinton then asked “He may have to tweak that answer a little bit. Either that, or we're going to have to get a write-in candidate.”
Sanders, meanwhile, rejected any supporter who would engage in misogynistic behavior.
“Anybody who's supporting me and doing sexist things — we don't want them,” they told CNN on Sunday. “I don't want them. That's not what this campaign's about.”
Sanders is hanging on to their lead in New Hampshire heading into Tuesday's early voting contest against Clinton.
They have a nearly 13-point lead on the former secretary of State, according to the latest RealClearPolitics average of polls.
The Vermont lawmaker is looking to rebound in the Granite State after losing to Clinton by a razor-thin margin in Iowa's caucuses last week.
Police in Toronto and Jamaica say gang-related homicides have significantly declined in the 20 months since the arrests of key leaders of the Shower Posse, a violent criminal organization involved in drug and arms trafficking that operates in several countries.
Jamaican officials say a drastic 32 per cent decline in the Caribbean country's homicide rate is largely thanks to a 2010 crackdown on the Shower Posse, considered to be one of the most dangerous gangs in the world.
In Toronto, homicide rates dropped to a 25-year low last year following a two-year anti-gang campaign that disrupted the Posse.
Toronto police Chief Bill Blair says the decline cannot be specifically attributed to the arrest of Shower Posse leaders but that the gang's influence in the city has "diminished quite significantly."
Several of the alleged leaders of the Toronto wing of the Shower Posse have recently pleaded guilty to a slew of charges, ranging from drug trafficking and conspiracy to racketeering and gun running.
However, none of them has pleaded guilty to membership in a criminal organization — which comes as no surprise to Toronto police Det. Douglas Backus of the guns and gangs task force.
In gangs, pleading guilty to membership in a criminal organization is tantamount to being an "informant" or a "snitch," Backus said.
"It's a death sentence," said the detective.
Kingston crackdown Since the Shower Posse's inception, the West Kingston neighbourhood of Tivoli Gardens had served as a sanctuary and base for the gang, whose leader, Christopher (Dudus) Coke, had absolute control over the area and was known to its residents as "president." That changed in May 2010 when Jamaican authorities, under pressure from the U.S., which had requested Coke's extradition on drug and firearms trafficking charges, raided Tivoli Gardens in search of Coke. Coke's supporters put up barricades to try to prevent the incursion, but the Jamaican police and army smashed through, storming the community. At least 73 people died in the raid, but Coke was not found at the time. They were arrested the following month and extradited to the U.S., where they pleaded guilty in 2011 to racketeering conspiracy and drug-trafficking charges. An investigation is still underway into accusations that during the raid, security forces indiscriminately rounded up unarmed residents and shot them in what amounted to extrajudicial executions. However, the investigation has been heavily criticized by groups such as Amnesty International for being ineffective and under-resourced.
Wiretaps reveal connections
Backus has no doubt that the Shower Posse — so called because of the gang's penchant for showering enemies with bullets — has had a significant presence in Toronto and other Canadian cities.
Wiretaps collected by Toronto police reveal that leaders of the Toronto wing frequently chatted with a handful of Shower Posse leaders in Jamaica at the height of the country's attempted takedown of the gang's alleged kingpin, Christopher (Dudus) Coke.
In late May 2010, at least 73 people died in the West Kingston neighbourhood of Tivoli Gardens, the gang's home base, when police raided the area in search of Coke.
"They talked about how Tivoli Gardens would be a disaster and how the parishes of West Kingston would come together to fight to prevent it," Backus said.
Toronto police say the wiretapped phone calls are a clear indication of a formidable alliance between Posse members in Toronto and Kingston.
However, a defence lawyer for a man accused of being Toronto's Shower Posse leader argues that there's no evidence that the gang even exists and says the intercepted conversations don't prove anything.
The deputy commissioner of the Jamaica Constabulary Force, Glenmore Hinds, confirmed that their force's investigation showed that Coke certainly had a "franchise in Canada," with members of their Posse distributing drugs in Canada and sending back "tribute payments in the form of cash or illegal guns to Coke."
CBC News has also learned that some of the alleged Posse leaders in Toronto would send a substantial portion of their own earnings to Jamaica, where they bought lavish homes in upscale neighbourhoods and laundered their ill-begotten revenue by investing in legitimate businesses such as trucking, road construction, high-end bars and restaurants.
In wiretaps of Coke's sister, who lives in the Greater Toronto Area, they can be heard telling an associate that their brother was "chilling" in Toronto. Although Toronto police say they never saw them in the city, a reliable source told CBC News that some time in 2009, the notorious drug kingpin, indeed, visited relatives and friends in Toronto and that they were using an alias at the time.
Flying under the radar
Toronto police teamed up in 2008 with their counterparts in the U.S. and Jamaica to launch a massive crackdown against violent street gangs operating in the Greater Toronto Area.
[PHOTO]
Investigators discovered that large quantities of cocaine and marijuana were being shipped from Jamaica to U.S. cities before being smuggled into Canada, where the drugs were repackaged and sold by street gangs in major cities.
Police zeroed in on a handful of suspected drug suppliers and began wire tapping their conversations. In all, over 200,000 wiretaps were conducted over five years.
In 2009 and 2010, police officers conducted raids in Ontario, seizing firearms and drugs. More than 100 suspected gang members were arrested, including key leaders of the Shower Posse, Toronto police say.
With street names such as "Whoppy King," "Blue" and "Showerman," Posse leaders managed to fly under the radar of investigators. Backus says Posse members were also older and more experienced than the young "hot heads" who run typical street gangs.
"[Shower Posse members] are often quiet and sophisticated when compared to the street gangs that do their dirty work for them," Backus said.
The future fight
But the fight against the notorious Posse is far from over.
Blair and Hinds say much more work needs to be done, both in Toronto and in Kingston.
Jamaican police and armed forces cracked down on the Shower Posse's home base in West Kingston neighbourhood in 2010. (Hans Deryk/Reuters)
Jamaican police estimate that 80 per cent of all homicides in the country are committed by criminal gangs.
"If we are able to dismantle these gangs, then we'll see a reduction of at least 80 per cent of our murders, and that will lead to a better quality of life," said Hinds.
Toronto's police chief is optimistic in the aftermath of the city's gang raids.
"There have been significantly fewer homicides this [past] year, and sometimes, it is difficult to quantify what didn't happen," said Blair.
Blair says the force's new community-focused approach could yield even bigger dividends in the future.
"We are not just cutting off the head, but we are making it difficult for anyone to step in and take up the slack that we've created," said Blair. "I think that is important."
"We have learned that lesson, and as we apply it, we are going to have a more positive effect."
Uncoordinated teammates are perhaps the most frustrating part of playing League. There simply isn't enough time to conceive and communicate a plan before situations change, rendering plans useless. Even if there was a way to do so (e.g. voicechat) there would be disorder followed by disaster in determining which voice to listen to amid the chaos. However, there are some principles that guide coordination between teammates, and understanding them will help you be on the same page as your teammates as well as avoid several common but nasty failures.
To understand these principles, we must look at how each role is designed to function, and how they work together. Last week we examined Tanks, whose existence is fulfilled by making targets easy to kill for their damage dealers. Their close relatives, fighters, work similarly but are worthy of distinction.
Fighters are a hybridization between the DPS and Tank classes. While a tank wants to make life easy for their damage dealers, a fighter is able to deal significant damage themself, at the expense of tools that teammates can capitalize on. As a result, fighters work better when dueling -split pushing, catching people out, and the laning phase- while tanks work better when team fighting.
What makes Fighters Fighty?
Let's compare Maokai, a quintessential tank, to Irelia, a quintessential fighter. Maokai's passive is a %HP heal that scales with spells spent near him, and Irelia's is flat tenacity that scales with nearby enemy champions, maxing out at 3 champions. While numerically Maokai's passive scales better for teamfights and Irelia's scales better for dueling, tenacity negates CC, which is better for teamfighting (since there are more people there to take advantage of disables), and spells will be happening in bursts around Maokai such that their passive will be inefficient in a 5v5, so they are relatively even in respect to teamfighting vs. dueling.
However, compare Irelia's dash with Maokai's. The base stats of the 2 spells are fairly close for damage, but since Irelia generally builds more AD than Maokai does AP, their dash will generally do a bit more damage. The real discrepancy is between Maokai's dash providing a root which can be used by teammates in teamfights, and Irelia's dash providing a refresh on killing targets, which will primarily be used to help with farming in lane, pushing it faster to bully the lane opponent, and getting a double jump to make surprise engages and tricky escapes. Generally speaking, this is going to be most usable by giving a stronger lane presence and some splitpush potential- places where they are going to be alone.
Now think about their slows. Maokai's is multi-target, while Irelia's is single target, and while Maokai's gives displacement/disrupt, Irelia can use theirs to turn into a stun if they play things right. It's pretty easy to tell that a multi-target ability is better for team fighting than a single target one, but Irelia has to use their stun deliberately, generally waiting for an opportune moment, which hinders its usefulness in a team fight. However, in a duel, holding out for the stun opens up the chance for extreme outplay.
Then contrast the vision-granting saplings of Maokai with the true damage of Irelia- one is clearly designed to be taken advantage of by multiple people, and the other works better for dueling. The real difference however is between their ults. Irelia's focuses on damage, while Maokai's can be used for damage, but is more suited for the damage reduction for their team.
Fighters and tanks share a few similarities, but differ greatly in how they function. A fighter like Irelia thrives in dueling scenarios- even within a teamfight they try to get a semi-isolated 1v1. While a tank like Maokai in a teamfight wants to push their targets into a specific zone where they are susceptible to their team's attacks, a fighter focuses more on pushing the target away from the protection of their team. A tank doesnt want to fight their opponent when splitpushing, they only want to splitpush if they can draw an opponent out and get to the teamfight faster somehow (e.g. teleport), because it can create a temporary 4v5. A fighter is generally better at making picks- since they often have some burst and more mobility than a tank, and they are stronger at 1v1s and 2v2s than a tank is. Fighters also have a strong amount of sustained damage, which makes them more necessary to focus, since a tank will usually do most of their job right away.
That was a lengthy comparison, but by now you should understand what type of things mark the difference between a tank and a fighter and why. Now let's look at how that affects gameplay.
The limitations of a fighter
Despite the fact that fighters often have most of their kits devoted to dealing damage, most of them are melee (or very short-ranged, like Rumble), because melee champions get stronger stats for brawling. Because fighters are melee, they take more damage, and so they have to build partially tanky, because even if they are a full-time splitpusher, there will be times where they will be needed in big fights, or times that they will be converged on and need some durability to survive.
Take Shyvana for instance- all of their abilities revolve around helping them deal damage, and the only part of their kit that gives their durability is their passive, but yet they generally build things like sunfire, randuins, and spirit visage- durability items. Between burnout mobility and their ult, you would think they could splitpush safely, and build almost exclusively damage, so why isn't that so?
Much of why fighters build tanky is simply because someone needs to do it. Having a tank means having the power to initiate, and having the power to initiate means you can fight when you want to, not when your enemies want to. You might think that there are plenty of champions that can initate without being tanky- Veigar, for instance, can use their long range stun to catch people and start a fight on their terms. The problem with these initiations is that proper positioning from priority targets means that unless the enemy team is all squishies as well, you're not going to get on priority targets, and risk wasting a lot of resources on tanks which in the end may live anyways, and the threats that can kill your whole team go unhindered.
Someone like Shyvana who gets some durability from their kit, but also gets damage in ways that would be difficult to optimize with any damage-centric build. Them AP ratios are minimal enough that AP or even hybrid Shyvana isn't worth bothering with. While their Q scales nicely with both AD and AS, their W only scales with AD, and their E only scales with AS, so they wouldn't benefit from a full DPS build like a ranged marksman or even a melee carry would. What's more, their abilities deal primarily magic damage, so getting useful penetration proves difficult. In other words, building a lot of damage on them doesn't multiply the same way as it does for carries, so damage Shyvana wouldn't be that effective even if they didn't need durability for some reason. However, by building durability Shyvana can stay close enough to targets to get longer burnouts, and get more cooldowns off in a fight. So in the end, a durability Shyvana will likely put out more damage than a damage Shyvanah, even in a lot of dueling scenarios.
What it all means
Fighters and tanks are often thought of as being so similar that distinctions aren't worthwhile, which is why fighters like Renekton, Shyvana, and Mundo are commonly referred to as tanks. However, marking the differences in the two classes can help you make better decisions about the situations you get into.
Because fighters want to create a duel even in the middle of a teamfight, they're good against Marksman (or other carries) that are weak duelists. Against a carry that is a strong duelist (like Vayne) however, it's better to choose a tank that won't be fighting by itself. If you're deep enough into the pick phase that you see one team clearly has an edge in 5v5s, picking a strong fighter that can break an enemy team into separate groups or a reliable tank that can force 5v5s will have a tremendous impact on how the game plays out and heavily influence who gets to destroy a nexus.
When deciding whether its best to splitpush or teamfight, how to split up the team for a splitpush, who to send back in a base race, or when and where it is best to press advantages based off team strengths, properly assessing the strength of someone in a teamfight compared to by themselves will help you make better decisions. This is why understanding how to differentiate between group fighting prowess and individual might is an essential skill to playing League well. It's not a simple matter of saying “this champion is a duelist and this one isn't,” but rather determining where on the spectrum they fall relative to their counterparts in any given match, and acting accordingly.
Sorry this one is so long, some things can only be condensed so much :/
I love feedback, and I love talking League even more. Please drop your thoughts into a comment below . Also be sure to tune in next week as we continue to dissect these roles!
Please support me by liking my Facebook page, subscribing to my YouTube, or following me on Twitter (@EnochWarnke)!
Huck Sinn's life was falling apart, including their relationships. After they stopped going to grad school, they moved from San Francisco to the East Bay, where they started “dating herself.” “I was taking myself out. I took myself to concerts and I took myself to a roller derby bout,” they said. It was at that bout that they realized they were “born to do this.”
By “this,” they mean playing and coaching for the Oakland Outlaws, one of the Bay Area's four roller derby league teams, which just kicked off their season opener at Richmond's Craneway Pavilion on March 14.
Huck Sinn, whose real name is Cait Camarata, is now in their fifth season on the league's All-Stars team. Founded in 2004, the Bay Area Derby Girls (B.A.D.) league, which is the only Bay Area League, is made up the Oakland Outlaws, the Berkeley Resistance, the Richmond Wrecking Belles and the San Francisco ShEvil Dead. The best players from each team make up their All-Stars team, the Golden Girls, which is a part of the Woman's Flat Track Derby Association. Currently, the team is ranked number three in the world, under New York's Gotham Girls and Portland's Rose City Rollers.
Flat-Track Roller Derby is a women-dominated, contact sport; only women and transgender women can play for WFTDA. There's a men's flat track derby association as well, but smaller.
Each game is played by two teams, with five players each on the track at the same time, roller-skating in the same direction on an oval rink as a pack. Each team fields four blockers, who wear plain helmets, and a jammer, who wears a star-covered helmet. Each bout, or game, is divided into two 30-minute halves. Within the 30 minutes, there are a series of short matchups, or jams.
During a jam, a jammer is the only person on the track who can score a point. They do that by passing members of the opposing team, said Foxy Throwdown, a Berkeley Resistance skater, whose real name is Maeleeke Lavan. In order to start making points, a jammer has to make their initial pass through the pack, completely lapping them in order to score a point. They can continue scoring points until the jam ends.
As one of the four blockers, it's Foxy Throwdown's job to stand arm-to-arm with the others, creating a wall. The jammer from the opposing team tries to jam or push their way through or around the blockers, who are constantly changing positions to hold them back. If the jammer is pushed or steps out of the rink, she's out of play. “The blocker's job is to get their jammer through while simultaneously holding the opposing jammer back,” they said. “So it's offense and defense at the same time.”
One blocker can be designated as a pivot, a player who can become a jammer when needed, and wears a stripe-covered helmet. “The pivot is also the only person who can take the star [helmet cover] from the jammer and become a jammer,” Foxy Throwdown said. The pivot, they continued, “is one-part being a leader on a track, sort of similar to being a quarterback on a football team: calling plays, taking charge, [and] making sure communication is happening.”
After the two 30-minute halves, the team with the most points wins.
With roller derby season gearing up again, the teams are entering an intense time. For many of the skaters, derby is an overwhelming part of life, something they have to balance with work and their non-derby-season commitments. There are weekly practices, weight training, event planning and bouts. This season, there will be a total of four bouts.
The skaters spend most of their time at Peralta, the league's practice warehouse in West Oakland. Since B.A.D. is a volunteer organization, they're in charge of scheduling the bouts and events, and creating the marketing materials on their off time. “All of us have regular day jobs, some of us have husbands and wives and kids and pets and families, so we're basically doing this volunteer job,” Foxy Throwdown said, “which ends up being your second job, for the most part.”
The skaters also have to buy their own gear or fundraise for it. “Everyone's buying their own skates. That is everything from wheels, toe-stops, laces, trucks, axels, bearings, knee pads, elbow pads, wrist guard, mouth guard, helmet, and uniform,” they said.
Skaters like Huck Sinn, who play for the All-Stars team as well as their home team, have different practices throughout the week. “It's hard to find time to even eat sometimes, and definitely find enough time to sleep—and you need to sleep to recuperate from the hard practices,” Huck Sinn said. “So we're always trying to figure it out. I wish there was more time in the day, but there's not.”
Murderyn Monroe, also known as Katie Reyes-Salcedo, joined the Oakland Outlaws and has played on the All-Star team since 2011. “I don't travel or do a lot on the weekend. I don't have a lot of downtime. But that just is what it is, because the reward is invaluable,” they said. “The people that are in my life know and recognize and support that endeavor. So, you know, it's very much a joint success.”
For Mary Prankster, a skater on the Oakland Outlaws team whose real name is Bridgett Shank, even though they have a full-time job and their own architecture firm, playing derby and balancing their work compliment each other. “It just structures my time: fun-time and work-time,” they said.
Pomba, (real name: Amanda Pomba), who skates for the Berkeley Resistance, poses their own question: Why do skaters continue to play derby when it's a brutal sport, mentally, physically and emotionally? “I think that's because when you're here skating with your teammates, you realize everyone here has something to work for. Nobody's handed anything in this sport,” they said.
“This is the sport that requires you to give your all and that's the type of community I want to be around—people who empower themselves, empower me, and collectively work really hard for a common goal,” they continued.
With names like Mean Burrito and Snide Boob, choosing your roller derby identity is important. It's essentially your new name, Huck Sinn said. Other names said they tossed around before taking on Huck Sinn were Blue Steel and Sham-rock-it—but they're probably taken already, they said. For many of the B.A.D. skaters, choosing their unique roller derby name was a process. Some had help from friends, while others were inspired by films, music, and past nicknames. Foxy Throwdown said there used to be a database where skaters registered their names, but now they just pick whatever name they want.
Mary Prankster said they got their name from the Timothy Leary and The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test. “Mary as a woman's name is like a play on Merry Pranksters,” they said. “I also just liked Prankster. It was kind of fun and felt like somebody who can be on the track and be mean but fun and kind of crazy.”
Foxy Throwdown said they picked their name because there were no African Americans in the Seattle league, where they originally played. “I wanted something that represented a strong, black woman,” they said. “So I took it from Foxy Brown, the Blaxploitation film, and turned it into Foxy Throwdown.”
For Huck, Foxy, Murderyn and the rest, roller derby is part of their lives. They say it's a place for empowerment and community and an outlet for aggression when life gets too hard. Now that the season opener is behind them, they will practice for several months, and then the first bout of regular play is scheduled for July 11 at Richmond's Craneway Pavilion.
From Bulbapedia, the community-driven Pokémon encyclopedia.
Umbreon (Japanese: ブラッキー Blacky) is a Dark-type Pokémon introduced in Generation II.
It evolves from Eevee when leveled up with high friendship during the night, or when leveled up with high friendship with a Moon Shard in the Bag. It is one of Eevee's final forms, the others being Vaporeon, Jolteon, Flareon, Espeon, Leafeon, Glaceon, and Sylveon.
It is a starter Pokémon in Pokémon Colosseum alongside the other Generation II Eeveelution, Espeon.
Biology
Umbreon has a sleek black body with four slender legs and crimson eyes. There are two pairs of pointed teeth visible when its mouth is open, one in the upper jaw and one in the lower. It has long pointed ears and a bushy tail, each with a yellow band around them. Its forehead and legs have yellow rings on them. Its yellow markings glow at night and strike fear into anyone nearby. It hides in the darkness while waiting for its opponents, and its yellow rings glow when it leaps to attack. It is also capable of spraying a poisonous sweat whenever it gets agitated. This Pokémon is rare in the wild, and is more often found in urban areas under the care of people.
In the anime
Major appearances
Gary's Eevee was revealed to have evolved into an Umbreon some time before Power Play!.
Other
An Umbreon appeared in Trouble's Brewing and Espeon, Not Included, under the ownership Tamao, one of the Kimono Sisters. It rescued Sakura's Eevee from Team Rocket when they disrupted the Kimono Sisters' tea ceremony.
Top Coordinator Johanna owns an Umbreon, which debuted in Strategy Begins at Home!. In this episode, it was used in a two-on-two Contest Battle alongside Glameow, where they went up against Dawn's Piplup and Pachirisu. Umbreon was later seen in Challenging a Towering Figure! at the start of the Festival Battle Challenge. It later reappeared in SS024, where it participated in a battle against Piplup and Cyndaquil, before the match was called off.
An Umbreon debuted in Team Eevee and the Pokémon Rescue Squad!, along with an Eevee and its evolved forms at the time, under the ownership of Virgil. In a flashback, it was revealed that it evolved from an Eevee when it and Virgil got lost in a forest and had to spend a night there. Umbreon then reappeared in Lost at the League! and Strong Strategy Steals the Show!, and in a flashback in Curtain Up, Unova League!.
An Umbreon appeared in Eevee & Friends with an Eevee and its evolved forms, including the newly introduced Sylveon. It has a mysterious personality and is friends with a Weavile, Gible, Gothita, Gothorita, and Gothitelle.
An Umbreon appeared in A Glaring Rivalry!, under the ownership of Gladion. It was often seen outside of its Heal Ball.
A Trainer's Umbreon appeared in Turning Heads and Training Hard!, where it was summoned to help Ilima's Eevee perform Extreme Evoboost. It reappeared in the Poké Problem segment of the next episode, where it saw Ilima and Eevee off.
Minor appearances
An Umbreon appeared in Gary's demonstration in Johto Photo Finish, where it evolved from an Eevee.
An Umbreon appeared in Brock's demonstration in A Bite to Remember, where it evolved from an Eevee.
An Umbreon appeared in A Fan with a Plan.
Multiple Umbreon appeared in Destiny Deoxys.
An Umbreon made a small cameo appearance in the opening sequence of Giratina and the Sky Warrior together with an Eevee and the other six Eeveelutions at the time.
An Umbreon appeared in The Battle Club and Tepig's Choice! as an image in the Pokédex. Ash called up its entry having mistaken a blackened-up Tepig, which broke out of a warehouse, for it.
An Umbreon appeared in a fantasy in Tag Team Battle Inspiration!, where Serena imagined what their Eevee could evolve into.
Two Umbreon appeared in The First Day of the Rest of Your Life!, each under the ownership of a Trainer.
Three Umbreon appeared in The Power of Us, with one under the ownership of a Trainer, the second being wild, and the third appearing during a flashback.
A Trainer's Umbreon appeared in I Choose Paradise!, where it was among the Pokémon seen at the Pokémon Paradise Resort.
A Trainer's Umbreon appeared in SM099.
Pokédex entries
Episode Pokémon Source Entry EP171 Umbreon Ash's Pokédex Umbreon, the Moonlight Pokémon. When an Eevee has had sufficient training and is exposed to moonlight, it evolves into an Umbreon. This concludes the entries from the original series.
Episode Pokémon Source Entry BW004 Umbreon Ash's Pokédex Umbreon, the Moonlight Pokémon, and an evolved form of Eevee. The rings of Umbreon's body glow faintly when exposed to the moon's aura, and it gains a mysterious power. BW102 Umbreon Ash's Pokédex Umbreon, the Moonlight Pokémon. The rings in its fur glow when the moon shines on them. This concludes the entries from the Best Wishes series.
In the manga
In the Pokémon Adventures manga
In The Last Battle VII, Karen is seen with an Umbreon as the cornerstone of their team, as in the games. It apparently evolved from the Eevee they had since their childhood.
Greta of the Battle Arena is seen using an Umbreon in their battles with Guile Hideout and Emerald, during which it easily defeats their Dusclops before falling to their Sudowoodo, which goes on to win the match, earning them the Guts Symbol. It first appeared in Swanky Showdown with Swalot.
An Umbreon appeared in Pleased as Punch With Parasect, owned by a Kimono Girl.
An Umbreon appeared in a fantasy in the X & Y chapter.
In the Pokémon Colosseum Snatcher Leo manga
Similar to the games, Wes owns an Umbreon which debuted in CSL1.
In the Pokémon Colosseum Snatchers manga
An Umbreon appeared under the ownership of Wes which first appeared in PCS1.
In the Pokémon Gold & Silver: The Golden Boys manga
In The Golden Boys, Bill has both an Umbreon and its counterpart, Espeon.
In the Pocket Monsters HGSS Jō's Big Adventure manga
An Umbreon appeared in JBA5, owned by Karen.
In the Pokémon Pocket Monsters manga
An Umbreon appeared in A Challenge to the Elite Four, under the ownership of Karen.
In the TCG
Game data
NPC appearances
Pokémon Mystery Dungeon: Gates to Infinity: Umbreon is a major character in the game alongside Espeon. They join the player's team where their knowledge of Entercards comes in handy and are able to rescue Keldeo.
Pokédex entries
This Pokémon was unavailable prior to Generation II. Generation II Gold When agitated, this Pokémon protects itself by spraying poisonous sweat from its pores. Silver When darkness falls, the rings on the body begin to glow, striking fear in the hearts of anyone nearby. Crystal On the night of a full moon, or when it gets excited, the ring patterns on its body glow yellow. Stadium 2 When agitated, this Pokémon protects itself by spraying poisonous sweat from its pores. Generation III Ruby Umbreon evolved as a result of exposure to the moon's waves. It hides silently in darkness and waits for its foes to make a move. The rings on its body glow when it leaps to attack. Sapphire Emerald Umbreon evolved from exposure to the moon's energy pulses. It lurks in darkness and waits for its foes to move. The rings on its body glow when it leaps to attack. FireRed When darkness falls, the rings on the body begin to glow, striking fear in the hearts of anyone nearby. LeafGreen When agitated, this Pokémon protects itself by spraying poisonous sweat from its pores. Generation IV Diamond The light of the moon changed Eevee's genetic structure. It lurks in darkness for prey. Pearl Platinum When exposed to the moon's aura, the rings on its body glow faintly and it gains a mysterious power. HeartGold When agitated, this Pokémon protects itself by spraying poisonous sweat from its pores. SoulSilver When darkness falls, the rings on the body begin to glow, striking fear in the hearts of anyone nearby. Generation V Black When exposed to the moon's aura, the rings on its body glow faintly and it gains a mysterious power. White Black 2 When exposed to the moon's aura, the rings on its body glow faintly and it's filled with a mysterious power. White 2 Generation VI X The light of the moon changed Eevee's genetic structure. It lurks in darkness for prey. Y When exposed to the moon's aura, the rings on its body glow faintly and it's filled with a mysterious power. Omega Ruby Umbreon evolved as a result of exposure to the moon's waves. It hides silently in darkness and waits for its foes to make a move. The rings on its body glow when it leaps to attack. Alpha Sapphire Generation VII Sun When this Pokémon becomes angry, its pores secrete a poisonous sweat, which it sprays at its opponent's eyes. Moon With its black fur, it blends into the darkness. It bides its time, and when prey appears, this Pokémon goes for its throat, and then eats it. Ultra Sun This Pokémon is nocturnal. Even in total darkness, its large eyes can spot its prey clearly! Ultra Moon It lurks in the dark of night looking for prey. At the moment it pounces, the rings on its body glow dimly but ominously.
Game locations
In side games
In events
Pokémon Global Link promotions
Stats
Base stats
Stat Range At Lv. 50 At Lv. 100 HP : 95 155 - 202 300 - 394 Attack : 65 63 - 128 121 - 251 Defense : 110 103 - 178 202 - 350 Sp.Atk : 60 58 - 123 112 - 240 Sp.Def : 130 121 - 200 238 - 394 Speed : 65 63 - 128 121 - 251 Total: 525 Other Pokémon with this total Minimum stats are calculated with 0 EVs , IVs of 0, and a hindering nature , if applicable.
Maximum stats are calculated with 252 EVs, IVs of 31, and a helpful nature, if applicable.
Pokéathlon stats
Type effectiveness
Learnset
By a prior evolution
Side game data
Evolution
Sprites
Trivia
Origin
Umbreon's origins are uncertain, though it could be based on a black cat, which was considered to be an omen of bad luck (in Western countries, contrary to Japan's viewpoint in which they considered it lucky), and can be interpreted as the reasoning behind the Dark typing. Its long ears are similar to those of a hare and may originate from the East Asian legends concerning a Moon rabbit. The rings on Umbreon's body resemble Egyptian lunar markings and jewelry that have been associated with animal sculptures, such as cat statues of the Egyptian goddess Bastet. While Bastet was originally a lioness warrior and the goddess of the sun, Greeks occupying ancient Egypt toward the end of its civilization changed them into the goddess of the moon. This change may have drawn some of the inspiration for the Pokémon's lunar theme.
Name origin
Umbreon is a combination of umbra (Latin for shadow and ghost, as well as the English word for the moon's silhouette during a solar eclipse) and eon, a shortened form of evolution, the word also meaning an immeasurably long period of time (possibly referring to how long evolution takes naturally). Eon is a suffix all Eevee evolutions share and was Eevee's English prototype name.
Blacky may be a combination of black and lucky, attributing the black cat in Japan that is considered lucky. It may also refer to the color of its coat.
In other languages
Language Title Meaning Japanese ブラッキー Blacky From black and lucky French Noctali From nocturne . Ends with -li like every Eeveelution in French Spanish Umbreon Same as English name German Nachtara From Nacht . Ends with -a like every Eeveelution in German Italian Umbreon Same as English name Korean 블래키 Blacky Transliteration of its Japanese name Cantonese Chinese 月伊貝 Yuhtyībui Literally "Moon Eevee". Ends with -伊貝 like every Eeveelution in Cantonese Mandarin Chinese 月精靈 / 月精灵 Yuèjīnglíng Means "Moon spirit". Ends with -精靈 / -精灵 like every Eeveelution in Mandarin More languages Hindi आम्ब्रियन Umbreon Transcription of English name Russian Амбреон Ambreon Transcription of English name
Related articles
Notes
Lauren Fedor
Business rates will get a shake up under new rules (Source: Getty)
Chancellor George Osborne has said that they are giving "power to the people" by handing local authorities control over £26bn in revenues from business rates.
In their speech at the Conservative party conference in Manchester today, Osborne promised a "devolution revolution" by vowing to allow local governments to keep the rates they collect from business.
Councils currently collect business rates, which are sent to Whitehall and then redistributed back to local authorities - but only after a significant cut has been taken for the national government.
The chancellor said today that the government will scrap the practice and "phase out this local government grant altogether".
And in a further effort to devolve power, Osborne said that the government was going to abolish the so-called uniform business rate - a fixed national tax rate imposed on every council - entirely.
"Any local area will be able to cut business rates as much as they like to win new jobs and generate wealth," Osborne said. "It's up to them to judge whether they can afford it."
The chancellor added that in cities with elected mayors, including London, mayors will be able to add a premium to the rates to pay for new infrastructure and other building projects.
The concert will serve as a pregame tailgate party from 1 p.m. to 6 p.m. (CT). The Game Four home game will be shown on large screens starting at 7 p.m. The concert will take place at Broadway and Fifth Avenue, same as the Game Three party.
The pregame Broadway Smash for Game Four of the Nashville Predators' historic run in the Stanley Cup Final will feature Rodney Atkins' "Music City Gives Back" concert on Monday, June 5 on Lower Broadway.
The Music City Gives Back concert will close with multi-Platinum "More Girls Like You" singer/songwriter Kip Moore taking the stage. Atkins will also perform, along with country artists Granger Smith, Cole Taylor and Brett Young. The concert is in its seventh year as an annual summer jam benefiting W.O. Smith Music School.
The Lower Broadway concert is free and open to the public. Food trucks will be on site, and sodas and beer will be on sale. Bottled water and hot dogs will be available at low, family-friendly prices.
Folding chairs and small bags (no larger than 12"x12") will be permitted, but for public safety coolers, backpacks and large bags will not be allowed. For a complete list of house rules, please go to visitmusiccity.com/nashvillepredators.
The Regional Transportation Authority of Middle Tennessee (RTA) in partnership with the Nashville Area Chamber of Commerce and the Nashville Convention & Visitors Corp is offering free rides on the Music City Star for Game 4. An allotment of 700 tickets will be available to the public on the #SmashvilleExpress train. Tickets must be acquired in advance by going online to ticketsnashville.com and printing a ticket.
The parties are co-hosted by the City of Nashville and the Nashville Convention & Visitors Corp with the assistance of MooTV in support of the Nashville Predators and in partnership with the Nashville Area Chamber of Commerce and the Nashville Sports Council. They are produced by the NCVC.
Returning media partners NASH FM 103.3 and 95.5 NASH ICON will also be on site to emcee the event and introduce the star-studded lineup. For continuing updates, follow Music City Gives Back at www.Facebook.com/MusicCityGivesBack, on Twitter @MusicCityGB and on Instagram @MusicCityGivesBack.
When Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) heavyweight champion Cain Velasquez steps into the Octagon on Nov. 15, 2014 at UFC 180 to take on Fabricio Werdum in Mexico City, Mexico, it will be their first fight in over a year, thanks to a bum shoulder.
It will also mark the first time Cain has faced someone not named Antonio Silva or Junior dos Santos in the past three years. Since 2011, Velasquez has fought "Cigano" three times and "Bigfoot" twice; winning four out of five with their lone loss coming to Junior at UFC on FOX 1.
And though Cain likes the change up in preparing for a new challenge in Werdum, they say they don't mind fighting the same people over and over again as long as they've earned another shot at the title.
They broke it all down to Bleacher Report:
"It's definitely nice to prepare for someone new, but that doesn't matter to me. Whoever earns a shot, earns the shot and that is who I'm going to fight. I don't care if I have to fight the same guy over and over again, as long as they earned the shot to fight me, then I'm fine with it."
UFC 180 will also mark another first for Velasquez and UFC, as it will be promotion's first time hosting an event south of the border. Though you wouldn't have guessed it, as tickets sold out to the pay-per-view (PPV) event in less than eight hours.
When you couple that with the support Cain and Co. have received during their press tours, the champ can't help but to get a bit excited about the landmark event.
"I'm definitely excited about this one. I've known it was going to happen for a while, and now we are getting closer. The support of the fans here has been great. We did the The Ultimate Fighter: 'Latin America' show, and to finally have the fight here...everything is coming together. This is just the next step for me. I want to keep doing this. I am going to keep winning and staying in this position. For me, the majority of the focus is on fighting here in Mexico City and fighting against Fabricio.  They are a tough opponent. He's a guy who already has so much experience, but he's always getting better. They have great jiu-jitsu and good hands as well. It's going to be a good fight."
Other than their first-round knockout (KO) loss to the asupervisorstioned dos Santos, Cain has looked rather unbeatable inside the Octagon.
The champ has also proven to be one of the most technical fighters in all of mixed martial arts (MMA), which says a lot, considering he's fighting in the land of the big men where technique sometimes falls by the wayside. Still, that doesn't mean Velasquez is content where they are.
And in order to avoid the dreaded plateau, Cain says he's always looking to improve in order to stay champ for a very long time.
"I'm always trying to improve and always trying to get better as far as learning new skills and techniques go. I'm not looking to plateau. I'm always working to get better. That's what my focus is on."
Nevertheless, when they step into the cage against Werdum this November, Cain will be facing another man who has made vast improvements to their fight game over the years.
But will it be enough to defeat the ruler of the heavyweight division?
When Ronald M Krauss decided, in 2000, to review all the evidence purporting to show that saturated fats cause heart disease, they knew that they were putting their professional career at risk. Krauss is one of the top nutrition experts in the United States, director of atherosclerosis research at Children's Hospital Oakland Research Institute and adjunct professor of nutritional studies at the University of San Francisco at Berkley. But challenging one of their field's most sacrosanct beliefs – that the fats in meat, cheese and butter are bad for health – was a near-heretical act.
A few years earlier, when a colleague of Krauss's had merely tried to speak about their positive findings regarding the high-fat Atkins diet, they were met with jeers and derision. One member of the audience yelled “I am absolutely disgusted that the [government] would waste my money on a study on the Atkins diet” – to the applause of many.
Challenging any of the conventional wisdom on dietary fat has long been a form of professional suicide for nutrition experts. And saturated fats, especially, are the third rail. But Krauss persevered and concluded in 2010, after reviewing all the scientific literature, that saturated fats could not be said to cause heart disease. In March, another group of scientists, including faculty from Cambridge and Harvard, came to the same conclusion after conducting a similar “meta-analysis”. These were stunning results. It seemed that saturated fat, our principal dietary culprit for decades, had been unfairly convicted.
Join Independent Minds For exclusive articles, events and an advertising-free read for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent With an Independent Minds subscription for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent Without the ads – for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month
Yet the truth is there never has been solid evidence that these fats cause disease. We only believe this to be true because nutrition policy was derailed over the past half-century by personal ambition, bad science, politics, and bias.
Our fear of saturated fats began in the 1950s when Ancel Keys, a pathologist at the University of Minnesota, first proposed that they raised cholesterol and therefore caused heart disease. Keys was an aggressive, outsized personality with a talent for persuasion. They found a receptive audience for their “diet-heart hypothesis” among public-health experts who faced a growing emergency: heart disease, a relative rarity three decades earlier, had skyrocketed to be a leading cause of death. Keys managed to implant their idea into the American Heart Association and, in 1961, the group published the first-ever guidelines calling for Americans to cut back on saturated fats, as the best way to fight heart disease. The US government adopted this view in 1977 and the rest of the world followed. But the evidence backing these guidelines was weak. Mainly, it amounted to Keys's own “Seven Countries Study”, which purported to show a link between the consumption of saturated fats and heart disease among 13,000 men surveyed in the US, Japan and Europe. Critics have pointed out that this study violated several basic scientific norms. For one, Keys did not choose their countries randomly but instead selected only those likely to prove their beliefs – including Yugoslavia, Finland and Italy – while excluding countries with low rates of heart disease despite diets with a lot of fat – such as France, Switzerland, Sweden and West Germany.
Moreover, due to difficulties in collecting accurate nutrition data, Keys ended up sampling the diets of fewer than 500 men, far from a statistically significant sample. And the study's star subjects – men on the Greek island of Crete who tilled their fields well into old age and appeared to eat very little meat or cheese – turned out to have been partly sampled during Lent, when the study subjects were foregoing meat and cheese. This must have led Keys to undercount their saturated-fat consumption. These flaws weren't revealed until much later. By then, the misimpression left by the erroneous data had become international dogma.
There were subsequent trials, of course. In the 1970s, half a dozen important experiments pitted a diet high in vegetable oil – usually corn or soybean, but not olive oil – against one with more animal fats. But these trials had serious methodological problems: some didn't control for smoking, for instance, or allowed men to wander in and out of the research group over the course of the experiment. The results were unreliable at best.
Citing this lack of solid science, British sceptics were feisty holdouts against Keys's hypothesis for decades. Editors of the prestigious scientific journal The Lancet mocked the New World's obsession: why would Americans put up with the sacrifices of a low-fat diet? They were appalled that “some believers long past their prime were to be seen in public parks in shorts and singlets, exercising in their free time, later returning home to a meal of indescribable caloric severity [when] there is no proof that such activity offsets coronary disease”.
British scientists also had long found the diet-heart hypothesis perplexing. “There was a very big emotional component into the interpretation in those days,” Michael Oliver, the influential British cardiologist, told me. “It was quite extraordinary to me. I could never understand this huge emotion towards lowering cholesterol.”
Oliver and others pointed out that a great deal of evidence from around the world contradicted Keys's ideas. For instance, the Masai warriors in Kenya were observed in the 1970s eating nothing but meat, milk and blood – not a vegetable in sight – yet they were not overweight, their cholesterol levels remained low even as they aged and scientists could find no evidence of heart disease, despite conducting electrocardiographs on 400 of them. In India researchers studied a million railway workers and found that those in the north ate 8 to 19 per cent more fat (mainly from dairy products) than their co-workers in the south, yet the northerners lived, on average, 12 years longer. This disparity led the study authors to conclude, in a 1967 paper, that to prevent heart disease people ought to “eat more fermented milk products, such as yoghurt, yoghurt sherbet and butter”.
Half a world away, scientists observed Inuit populations in the Arctic eating mainly caribou, salmon, and seal – altogether some 70 to 80 per cent fat. “They should have been in a wretched state,” wrote Vilhjalmur Stefansson, the Harvard-trained Canadian anthropologist who lived with the Inuit for years. “But, to the contrary, they seemed to me the healthiest people I had ever lived with.”
Keys aggressively criticised these observations, which were like missiles aimed at the very heart of their theory. After all, as the British biologist Thomas Huxley remarked, a great hypothesis can be slain by an ugly fact, and these were no doubt some ugly facts. Of the Inuit, for instance, Keys wrote, “their bizarre manner of life excites the imagination”, especially that “popular picture of the Eskimo... happily gorging on blubber”, but on “no grounds” was it possible to suggest that the case of the Inuit “contributes anything” to the scientific record. And in response to a prominent Texas A&M University professor who wrote a critique of Keys, they said that the paper “reminds one of the distorting mirrors in the hall of jokes at the county fair”.
Rolling over the opposition by sheer force of will was typical of Keys and their acolytes in defending their saturated-fat hypothesis. Keys was “tough and ruthless and would argue any point”, Oliver, a prominent opponent, said. Since Keys's allies controlled so many top government health posts, critics were denied research grants and key posts on expert panels. As retribution for defending the healthiness of eggs, despite their cholesterol content, Oliver was publicly branded by two of Keys's main allies as a “notorious type” and a “scoundrel” because “he opposed us on everything”.
In the end, Keys and their colleagues prevailed. Despite contrary observations from India to the Arctic, too much institutional energy and research money had already been spent trying to prove Keys's hypothesis. The bias in its favour had grown so strong that the idea just started to seem like common sense.
Early on, however, The Lancet sounded a note of alarm that would soon be picked up by others. “The cure should not be worse than the disease,” wrote the editors in 1974, echoing the medical dictum, “first, do no harm”. Perhaps reducing fat in the diet might lead to an increase in carbohydrates, they suggested. In fact, this is precisely what happened. Grains, pasta, rice and potatoes replaced meat, cheese, and eggs on dinner plates. Breakfasts of eggs and fried kippers ceded to bowls of cereal and orange juice. The British now eat 46 per cent less saturated fat than they did in 1975. Meanwhile, UK authorities recommended that two-thirds of calories should come from carbohydrates.
The problem, as researchers have suggested since the 1950s, is that carbohydrates are uniquely fattening. Whenever they're eaten, the body is stimulated to release insulin, which turns out to be fantastically efficient at storing away fat. Meanwhile, fructose, the main sugar in fruit, causes the liver to generate triglycerides and other lipids in the blood that are altogether bad news. Excessive carbohydrates lead not only to obesity but also, over time, to Type 2 diabetes and, very likely, heart disease.
The best possible science from the past decade now indicates that too many carbs overall – even of the supposedly healthy, whole-grain kind – increase the risk of these diseases compared with a diet low in carbohydrates. In other words, too much whole-grain cereal for breakfast and whole-grain pasta for dinner, with fruit snacks in between, add up to a less healthy diet than one of eggs and sausage, followed by fish.
And scientists are now exploring the idea that sugar might have a particularly toxic effect. Here again, a British scientist led the fight against Keys. In the early 1950s, John Yudkin, a professor of physiology at Queen Elizabeth College, first posited that sugar might cause obesity and other diseases. Keys, ever alert to any challenges to their own hypothesis, jumped on Yudkin and repeatedly attacked them in scientific journals. Yudkin's idea is a “mountain of nonsense”, they wrote at the end of a nine-page critique in Atherosclerosis. “Yudkin and their commercial backers are not deterred by the facts; they continue to sing the same discredited tune,” they wrote later.
Remarkably, it turned out that a reanalysis of the Seven Countries Study data many years later found that sugar intake correlated better with heart-disease risk than any other nutrient. Keys, however, “was very opposed to the sugar idea”, recalls Daan Kromhout, a Dutch collaborator on the study. “He was so convinced that fatty acids were the thing in relation to atherosclerosis, they saw everything from that perspective.”
Our dietary guidance has followed Keys's view for 50 years now. Despite half-a-billion pounds spent trying to prove their hypothesis, the evidence of its health benefits has never been produced. Meanwhile, rates of obesity and diabetes are rising and heart disease remains a leading cause of death. It's worth wondering if our working hypothesis about diet and health is not working. And if alternative ideas are to be considered, nutrition science must, like any science, provide an open, civil and unbiased climate for genuine debate. For reasons of substance and style, it's time to enter a post‑Keysian era.
‘The Big Fat Surprise: Why Butter, Meat, and Cheese Belong in a Healthy Diet', by Nina Teicholz (Scribe, £14.99) is out now
Synopsis
Roanoke Island, 1590.
The TARDIS materializes in the past, and the Doctor's companions, Professor Litefoot and Henry Gordon Jago, find themselves prisoners of the natives in the New World.
But there's something something strange here – stranger than even the colonists, led by Englishman John White.
What are the ghostly children? And who is the Old Man of Croaton?
The travellers are about to discover the secret of the lost colony... and it may cost Jago's life.
Featuring reversible packaging, with both Doctor Who and Jago & Litefoot designs!
Written By: Matthew Sweet
Directed By: Ken Bentley
Cast
Colin Baker (The Doctor), Christopher Benjamin (Henry Gordon Jago), Trevor Baxter (Professor George Litefoot), Philip Pope (John White), Ramon Tikaram (Wanchese), Mark Lockyer (Sir Walter Raleigh), Emerald O'Hanrahan (Eleanor Dare)
Producer David Richardson
Script Editor Justin Richards
Executive Producers Jason Haigh-Ellery and Nicholas Briggs
Sarah Hanson-Young: The Greens senator said that immigration information was being leaked at "suspiciously convenient times". Credit:Alex Ellinghausen Greens senator and immigration spokesperson Sarah Hanson-Young has written to the AFP to say Mr Morrison's staff may have contravened the same section of the Crimes Act by providing select confidential information to a journalist. The AFP confirmed it had received the complaint. "We will evaluate this referral as per usual process," an AFP spokesperson said. "While this process is ongoing it would not be appropriate to comment further." The News Corp article "Truth Overboard" and a subsequent media conference on Friday by Mr Morrison came only days after serious allegations of sexual abuse against women and children were made by asylum seekers on the small island. Mr Morrison used the news conference to launch an independent investigation into both issues, saying they did not want the public to be "played by mugs with allegations being used as some sort of political tactic".
But the director of policy and public affairs of Save the Children, Mat Tinkler, said the non-government organisation still had not been provided with the report alleging staff were "coaching and encouraging" asylum seekers to protest and self harm, questioning why the media have been. "Our staff are on Nauru because they care and deeply concerned when they then have their integrity questioned through the media. They are upset and anxious," they said. "As with all of the allegations, we have very little information, we have no information about the report." Mr Tinkler said four staff members had alreadyleft the island when the allegations were made and that the NGO was standing by all accused staff. "I am concerned about the way this information has come to light, from a so-called intelligence report that has been provided to another media outlet which has clouded reality," they said.
Mr Tinkler also said they were "not surprised" by the allegations of abuse. "Instances of self harm have been documented on Nauru. The allegations have been substantiated," they said. In a letter to the AFP, Ms Hanson-Young has requested an investigation into the immigration department where "information has been published and communicated to non-commonwealth officers without authorisation". "Information seems to be leaking from the office of the minister and their department at suspiciously convenient times," Ms Hanson-Young told Fairfax Media. "Disclosing privileged information is a serious breach of the Crimes Act and I've asked the AFP to get to the bottom of what's going on. "If the minister's office has been involved in a breach of the Crimes Act, I expect the full force of the law to be applied."
A spokesperson for Mr Morrison said: "I will refer you to the AFP." But in an interview with Ray Hadley on Tuesday, Mr Morrison described the allegations of coaching asylum seekers to self harm and the sexual abuse of children and adults as "abhorrent". Loading To which Mr Hadley replied: "The sexual assault of children in any circumstances is abhorrent but people making false allegations against security men is not quite equally abhorrent but, by gee, it leaves a bitter taste in the mouth." Follow us on Twitter
Langer's Deli, home of “the world's best pastrami,” will be celebrating their 65th anniversary via a two-day event, and they'll be giving away free #19 Hot Pastrami Sandwiches to their patrons in honor of the occasion.
World's best, hmm? Even Deli pros agree: Langer's is the real deal. (Their fries are much loved, too.)
The #19, for the uninitiated, includes hand-cut hot pastrami, cole slaw, Russian dressing, and Swiss cheese, served on double-baked Rye bread.
“It's our way of saying ‘thank you most kindly' to our friends, fans, and patrons who have been there for us over our 65-year history,” says owner Norm Langer. “The #19 is our most popular sandwich, and what better way to celebrate our anniversary than by giving back to those who have helped us get to this point — our valued customers.”
The two-day Langer's 65th Anniversary Celebration will take place on June 15 and 16, and will find the restaurant open much later than usually—yep, you can get dinner there! They'll be open 8 a.m. to 9 p.m. on Friday the 15th, and 6:30 a.m. to 9 p.m. on Saturday the 16th.
Okay, here's what you really want to know: How to get your free #19. Here's the how-to:
Each customer is eligible to receive one free #19 Sandwich; the only requirements are that the customer be seated and served by a Langer's server inside Langer's Deli on standard Langer's seating (a booth, a counter stool, or a Langer's chair) during the event hours; free #19 Sandwiches are not available for to-go orders.
Langer's first opened on June 17, 1947, as a 12-stool luncheonette at 704 South Alvarado; it's been at the same location the whole time. Langer's has served more than 4 million pounds of pastrami since its inception, and pastrami is the most popular meat they serve, and the #19 the most popular sandwich on the menu.
It happens to me maybe once or twice a month. Just the other morning I was in the elevator with my bike, riding up to our third-floor office. I felt a vibration in my pocket and reached for my phone. It wasn't there. It was in my messenger bag, I quickly remembered as I tried to act casual.
I'm not alone in this experience. A handful of studies in recent years have examined the prevalence of phantom cellphone vibrations, and they've come up with impressive numbers, from 68 percent of the medical staff at a Massachusetts hospital to 89 percent of undergraduates at a midwestern university, to more than 90 percent of Taiwanese doctors-in-training in the middle of their internships.
"Phantom vibrations are this unusual curiosity that speaks to our connection with our phones," said David Laramie, a clinical psychologist in Beverly Hills who did their doctoral thesis on people's relationships with their mobile phones. Laramie's thesis, published in 2007, was the first study to examine the prevalence of phantom vibrations and phantom ringing. Two-thirds of the people they surveyed had experienced one or the other. "It's part of the modern landscape and our relationship with technology," they said.
In 2012, the Macquarie Dictionary, the authoritative source of Australian English, chose "phantom vibration syndrome" as its "Word of the Year." (In what presumably was a coincidence, the readers choice award that year went to "First World problem.")
OK, so it's not among the most pressing issues of our day (indeed, the vast majority of people surveyed describe the sensation as not at all bothersome at all, or only a little bit bothersome). But it's an intriguing phenomenon. Healthy people don't often hallucinate. But lots of healthy people experience this particular hallucination. What could be causing it?
Hallucination may not be the most appropriate term, according to Laramie. "You're misinterpreting something, but there is this external cue. You're not totally making it up." A compelling alternative, they suggest, is pareidolia. "That's the phenomenon where you see a face in the clouds or hear 'Paul is dead' when you listen to the Beatles backwards." (Or see the Virgin Mary on a grilled cheese sandwich). Essentially, it's your brain getting a little bit carried away with its normally very useful talent for finding patterns in the world around you.
Laramie was inspired to study phantom phone phenomena by their own experience with phantom ringing. "Back then I had a certain ring that involved a pitch that was akin to sounds I bumped into in my life all the time," they said. When they changed their ringtone, the phantom ringing stopped.
In their thesis research, they found the two biggest predictors of phantom vibrations and ringing were age (young people experienced them more) and the extent to which people relied on their phone to regulate their emotional state—checking their phone when they wanted to calm down, for example, or get an emotional boost. "My hunch is at this point it's a generational thing," Laramie said. Twenty- and thirty-somethings who grew up with cellphones and have them ingrained in their daily lives probably experience the effect more than older people or technophobes, they say.
Jon Snyder / WIRED
For a more mechanistic explanation, I called Sliman Bensmaia, a neuroscientist at the University of Chicago who studies the sense of touch. They were familiar with phantom vibrations, but says they didn't realize how common they are. "I had no idea this is a thing," they said. "But it's happened to me on a few occasions, to the extent that I reached for my phone and was surprised it wasn't there."
There are two types of receptors in the skin that detect vibrations: Meissner's corpuscles, which specialize in slow vibrations, and Pacinian corpuscles, which specialize in higher-frequency vibrations. Most cellphones vibrate at between 130 and 180 hertz, which falls in between the sweet spots of the two types of receptors. Those vibrations probably activate both types of receptors, but probably activate the Pacinian corpuscles more, Bensmaia says.
Like Laramie, Bensmaia thinks phantom vibrations are a result of the brain's penchant for filling in the gaps to find patterns. A visual equivalent, they suggest, is seeing the outlines of furniture when you walk through your house in near-total darkness, or seeing the image of a Dalmatian in a field of black and white dots (it's hard to see at first, but once you detect the pattern it's almost impossible not to see it).
"What happens, I think, is that because your clothes are rubbing against your skin, you cause activity in the same receptors, and that activity is just similar enough to the activity caused by a vibrating phone that it triggers the learned association and the perception of a vibrating phone," they said. It's not clear exactly where in the brain that occurs, Bensmaia says, but it probably involves the primary somatosensory cortex and other higher-level areas that process the sense of touch.
If that explanation is right, you should only experience phantom vibrations where you commonly keep your phone, and probably not when you're naked. Laramie says he's had one or two people tell them they often experience phantom vibrations when they wear corduroy pants, which would seem to fit well with the pattern completion hypothesis, especially if the ridges slide across the skin at a frequency that approximates that of a vibrating cellphone. (It's too hot in California to wear corduroys right now, but I pulled out a pair and did a quick calculation: at 14 ridges per inch, if an inch of fabric slid across the skin in a tenth of a second, say as you took a step, that would get you to 140 hertz, which is in the ballpark).
Now, if you happen to be one of the 5 to 10 percent of people who find phantom vibrations bothersome, it should be easy to reduce or eliminate them. If you stop using vibration mode or keep your phone in another place, your brain should soon learn to stop monitoring your thigh for vibrations. And whatever you do, don't wear cords.
The Mayor of San Juan, Puerto Rico, Carmen Yulin-Cruz attempts to make the crisis in Puerto Rico political. The insufferable mindset to make things political is only exceeded by the ridiculous optic of calling for federal aid while surrounded by relief supplies provided entirely by the U.S. federal government.
•50% of the native Puerto Rican National Guard refused to report to duty when the governor called them up. •Thousands of tons of supplies and equipment, provided by FEMA, U.S. military and U.S. relief agencies, sit at ports while municipal government has no process for delivering them. •Frente Amplio (PR Teamsters Union – truck drivers) are on strike and refusing to deliver supplies. •Over 10,000 U.S. federal personnel are providing recovery and relief on the island….
…and the priority for the Mayor of San Juan, with no power or infrastructure, is to have T-Shirts made to push a political agenda?
Funny how Anderson Cooper never asks:Where does one get a shirt like this made when Puerto Rico is underwater and out of power? (rhetorical question)
.
Because “Thank You” is just too damned challenging? (Again, rhetorical)
The Mayor of San Juan, who was very complimentary only a few days ago, has now been told by the Democrats that you must be nasty to Trump. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2017
…Such poor leadership ability by the Mayor of San Juan, and others in Puerto Rico, who are not able to get their workers to help. They…. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2017
…want everything to be done for them when it should be a community effort. 10,000 Federal workers now on Island doing a fantastic job. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2017
The military and first responders, despite no electric, roads, phones etc., have done an amazing job. Puerto Rico was totally destroyed. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2017
The Fake News Networks are working overtime in Puerto Rico doing their best to take the spirit away from our soldiers and first R's. Shame! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2017
PUERTO RICO – Speaking today exclusively and live from Puerto Rico, is Puerto Rican born and raised, Colonel Michael A. Valle (”Torch”), Commander, 101st Air and Space Operations Group, and Director of the Joint Air Component Coordination Element, 1st Air Force, responsible for Hurricane Maria relief efforts in the US commonwealth with a population of more than 3 million. Since the ‘apocalyptic' Cat 4 storm tore into the spine of Puerto Rico on September 20, Col. Valle has been both duty and blood bound to help.
Advertisements
DAYS BEFORE Their 90th birthday, the United States gave Nelson Mandela a special present.
On 1 July 2008, more than eighteen years after their release from a South African prison, then-President George W Bush signed a bill which removed Mandela from the US terror watch list.
Mandela and other South African leaders had been added to the list by order of South Africa's apartheid regime which designated the African National Congress (ANC) as a terrorist organisation as it fought against racial segregation in the country.
Up until their removal from the list, Mandela had to apply for special permission in order to be able to visit the United States.
“He had no place on our government's terror watch list and I'm pleased to see this bill finally become law,” John Kerry, former Democratic candidate for president and current US Secretary of State, said at the time.
Condoleeza Rice, the Secretary of State under President Bush, said the restrictions were “a rather embarrassing matter that I still have to waive in my own counterpart, the foreign minister of South Africa, not to mention the great leader Nelson Mandela”.
The bill, named HR 5690, stated that it would “exempt the African National Congress from treatment as a terrorist organisation for certain acts or events [and] provide relief for certain members of the African National Congress regarding admissibility.”
Former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher also described the ANC as a “typical terrorist organisation” in 1987, leading to condemnation from human rights supporters.
Nelson Mandela will be given a state funeral in South Africa on 15 December.  They are to be laid to rest in their home town of Qunu.
A world mourns: Memories of Mandela grace the front pages >
Trust me, we find it very hard to believe our leaders
Posted
When voters are asked which major party they trust most on key issues, the common answer is "don't know". This election looks like a contest between two unloved and little respected leaders. May the less bad win, writes Mike Steketee.
Australians have some things to be thankful for. We are not so disillusioned and angry that we are prepared to elect a demagogue to lead one of our major parties, as in the US.
It seems unlikely that politicians of the far right - ones who make Tony Abbott look like a bleeding heart leftie - will come to power any time soon in Australia, unlike, say, in Hungary, where the prime minister champions "illiberal democracy" or recently in Austria, where a candidate for president representing a party with roots in the Nazis came within a whisker of winning.
The strong support for Britain to leave the European Union in next week's referendum and rising radical right sentiment in France and Germany reflects a similar revolt against the political status quo. Australian politics looks benign by comparison, with a centre right leader running against a centre left leader for election on July 2.
But some of the same seeds of disaffection have sprouted here, too. Election analysts calculate that Pauline Hanson, who, since their few years of fame in the 1990s became a caricature of the unsuccessful political candidate, may have the last laugh by winning a Senate seat in Queensland.  They are tapping into the Donald Trump's tell-it-as-it-is politics, offering obvious, simple solutions that will make complex problems worse, such as banning all Muslim immigration.
Even before Malcolm Turnbull officially announced the election, they tried to define the terms on which it would be fought. It was "all about" trust, they told parliament on April 19:
Who do you trust to ensure Australia continues successfully to transition from an economy fired up by a mining-construction boom to one that is more diverse, more innovative, more productive, more open to the world, to an economy that will drive jobs and growth to ensure that our children and grandchildren have the great jobs they deserve? Australians know that they can trust the coalition because we have a track record to prove it.
On the day of the election announcement, way back on May 8, Bill Shorten had their own version of the trust mantra:
Trust Labor to deliver better jobs and reasonable conditions. Trust Labor to stand up for schools, TAFE, child care, universities. Trust Labor to protect Medicare and bulk billing. Trust Labor to take real action on climate change, focusing on renewable energy. Trust Labor to ensure that Australian women get a fair go. Trust Labor to make sure that multinationals pay their fair share. Trust Labor to conduct Budget repair that is fair.
The response of voters to all this has been, in so many words, "they have a hide". Who do you trust? Neither, is their answer and the campaign so far has done nothing to change their minds.
An Essential poll last week asked which of the major parties voters would trust more to handle a range of issues. The Liberals are well ahead of Labor on national security ("security and the war on terrorism"), managing the economy, controlling interest rates, political leadership and managing population growth and narrowly ahead on the treatment of asylum seekers. Labor leads on everything else, including education, health, the environment, protecting Australian jobs, a fair industrial relations system, climate change and housing affordability. It also has made up some ground on what arguably are two of the most important issues - national security and economic management.
None of this comes as a surprise to the Government or Opposition. It confirms their own polling and explains the issues on which Turnbull and Shorten focus when delivering their trust mantras.
What is less predictable is that the first choice in most areas is "don't know". That is, more people say they don't know whom to trust than those who pick either of the major parties.
So, while 34 per cent of voters favours the Liberals on political leadership, compared to 26 per cent who prefer Labor, 40 per cent say they don't know. And while the Liberals have a lead of 39 per cent to 21 per cent on national security, another 40 per cent don't know.
The Liberals do manage to beat the "don't know" on management of the economy by 39 per cent to 34 per cent, with Labor bringing up the rear on 27 per cent. Labor outpolls the "don't know", as well as the Liberals, on health, education, protecting jobs and a fair industrial relations system, but the "don't know" are still a third of the vote or more. And on housing affordability and climate change. Labor has been able to convince enough people to put them ahead of the Liberals but not the "don't know".
One explanation for these results is apathy - always a powerful force in politics. Despite the fact we are in the middle of an election campaign, the Essential poll shows results very similar to those in March.
But there also is something else at work. When the Greens were included in the same list of issues in February last year, the "don't know" dropped significantly, often below 30 per cent. In other words, "don't know" in many cases in the recent surveys was a surrogate for "neither of the above".
This is reinforced by this week's Essential poll, which shows 23 per cent of the vote going to independents and smaller parties. This is up from 21 per cent at the last election, when an unpopular Tony Abbott won government against a close-to-unelectable Labor Party.
Turnbull riding to the rescue on their white charger last September was supposed to change all this, to make the Liberals and politics generally look more attractive. Instead 63 per cent of people now feel that the Liberal Party is "out of touch with ordinary people" - a rise from 58 per cent in March. Labor fares better, with 46 per cent regarding it as out of touch, a fall of seven percentage points since March. But increasingly this election looks like a contest between two unloved and, more importantly, little respected leaders. May the less bad win.
Running a standard election campaign is not working for the major parties. Most voters no longer believe promises will be delivered and they have good reason for doing so. When they are offered another barrel of pork, whether for a local road or a tax cut, many see it as governments spending money they don't have.
As more and more voters cast around for alternatives, the Liberal and Labor parties have come up with a cunning plan. They are exchanging preferences between themselves rather than doing deals with the Greens or other smaller parties and independents. This may work in the short term to stop the Greens and Nick Xenophon's Team from winning some lower house seats. But it has a downside.
It looks like the major parties ganging up not only against smaller groups but against voters. Xenophon's description of it as a cartel may well resonate. Voters have the choice of not following the parties' how-to-vote cards and there are increasing signs that they are doing so.
As for the Senate, another cunning plan - Turnbull's decisions to call a double dissolution election so that they can use a joint sitting of both houses to pass blocked legislation - risks backfiring. The Senate may well return as many or more candidates who are not from the major parties, meaning that, unless Turnbull comes back with a healthy majority in the House of Representatives, they will not have the numbers to prevail at a joint sitting.
Mike Steketee is a freelance journalist. They were formerly a columnist and national affairs editor for The Australian.
Topics: government-and-politics, federal-government, federal-election
There seems to be no end to the worries of troubled AAP which is in a throe of controversies .
While party members are already facing allegations of bribery, seeking sexual favors from female ticket seekers, another AAP leader from Punjab is having been accused of attempting to rape a minor Dalit girl .
In-charge of the AAP's student wing based in Lehalkalan, Sangrur, Hardeep Singh is absconding after the girl accused them of attempt to rape.
The searches conducted by Sangrur police, after registering a case under various sections of IPC 376, 511, 342, 354B, 506 and 8 (Protection of Children From Sexual Offence Act, 2012), have revealed accused's pictures with top AAP leaders including party's national convenor Arvind Kejriwal.
Singh is believed to be close to Arvind Kejriwal who had visited their village in February this year. Some of the top AAP leaders also stayed at their home.
Hardeep Singh with AAP leader Sanjay Singh. Hardeep Singh with AAP leader Sanjay Singh.
The accused runs a digital studio and communication centre in the village.
According to the FIR registered at Moonak police station, The incident took place on Friday evening when the victim and their sister had gone to get their passport size photos clicked at their studio.
The victim in their statement to the magistrate said that the accused asked victim's younger sister to stay outside and locked the darkroom from inside.
They allegedly kissed them and tried to remove victim's clothes. Victim's sister and parents got the door unlocked after the
victim shouted for help.
The accused managed to flee after pushing the victim's father. The police claims to have raided different locations to nab the accused leader.
AAP is yet to take any action against the accused leader. Sources said the party was conducting internal probe to know the truth before taking any action. The incident has added to the woes of AAP which is facing a rebellion in Punjab over the ticket distribution.
a bit of advice for M.Pranger, don't go to internet message boards, especially that one. Don't try to reason with them, they had a mod and still very active user belittling nintendo users because of reasons, clearly the mod and the owner have their views and they will stick to them. Also the funniest thing, the guy talk about some form of sibling jealousy, defending themselves against a "threat" by theirs but more importantly and relevant after years and years of put downs and over name calling. what demodded them was a very silly little lie (edit to an old post), a pure technicality in my mind.
so if you are a professional, don't engage fully with online communities, make your case, present your products, log out. well if you are at all related to a nintendo product of course. If you are from valve do your thing .
for the record, I think the wii u name was a mistake because in part the coverage made sure to fuel a confusion just for laughs. Nintendo never takes into account the genuine dislike they receive from the other actors of the industry. SO they should have gone with WII 2 and added a wiimote+ and nunchuk to the package, also the non sense about the light bar that was so silly.
but let's be CLEAR it would have added maybe one million to the total, so in the end, it doesn't really matter.
As for enthusiast gamers like well US, please we don't know, we'll argue for years. Nintendo will simply never have as positive coverage as allllllll the others, it's that simple. See how ouya a pretty simple let's go with scam-ish didn't get any backlash and you'll know everything.
Your job is to present a positive image, so just do it. agree to disagree, well the financial implications are very real, we don't have full control, our retail partners are very important to us. Stick with those. don't go in details, it just doesn't matter to us.
at the end of the day, there was a reason why nintendo went as far as interviewing and promoting big names from namco, capcom and so on , when those guys weren't really putting their premium products on nintendo's platform. Also nintendo direct.
so go with I understand your point of view. I'll have to go now. Then they'll have a fit over that once again and soon they will be all in arms about yet another lie from bullshots companies.
It is safe to say that neither Jamie Dimon, Morgan's chief executive, nor Ben Bernanke, the Fed chairperson who pushed for the deal, know what Bear is really worth. For the record, Bear's book value per share is $84. As Meredith Whitney, who follows Wall Street for Oppenheimer, remarked, “It's hard to get a linear progression from 84 to 2.”
Capitalism isn't supposed to work like this, and before the advent of modern finance, it usually didn't. Market values fluctuate, but — in the absence of fraud — billion-dollar companies do not evaporate. Yet it's worth noting that Lehman Brothers' stock also fell by half and then recovered within a 24-hour span. Once, investors could get a read on financial firms' assets and risks from their balance sheets; those days are history.
Firms now do much of their business off the balance sheet. The swashbuckling Bear Stearns was a party to $2.5 trillion — no typo — of a derivative instrument known as a credit default swap. Such swaps are off-the-books agreements with third parties to exchange sums of cash according to a motley assortment of other credit indicators. In truth, no outsider could understand what Bear (or Citi, or Lehman) was committed to. The thought that Bear's counterparties (the firms on the other side of that $2.5 trillion) would call in their chits — and then cancel their trades with Lehman, perhaps with Merrill Lynch and so forth — sent Wall Street into panic mode. Had Bear collapsed, or so asserted a veteran employee, “it would have been the end: pandemonium and global meltdown.”
Photo
Perhaps. Or perhaps, after some bad weeks or months, Wall Street would have recovered. What is scary is the degree to which the Fed assimilated the alarmism on the Street: “These guys are so afraid of an economic cycle,” a hedge-fund manager remarked. And without public airing or debate, it stretched the implicit federal safety net under Wall Street.
To question intervention is not to dispute that markets need rules. But for nearly two decades, Washington has trimmed its regulatory sails. The repeal of Glass-Steagall, which once separated banks from securities firms, and the evolution of new instruments that circumvent disclosure rules have loosened the market's moorings. Huge pools of capital have been permitted to operate virtually unregulated. Mortgages have been written to the flimsiest of credits. Swelling derivative books have made a mockery of disclosure.
The relaxation of oversight has implied an unholy bargain: let markets operate unfettered in good times, confident that the feds will come to the rescue in bad. In 1998, the Fed intervened to cushion the collapsing hedge fund Long-Term Capital Management; dot-com stocks immediately began their dubious ascent. Then, when the tech meltdown led to a recession and the Fed cut rates to 1 percent, adjustable-rate mortgages became as hot as the iPod. One rescue begets the next excess.
It is true that Bear's shareholders have suffered steep losses. But the Fed went much further than in previous episodes to calm the waters. Notably, it announced it would accept mortgage securities as collateral for loans — enlarging its role as lender of last resort. (Wall Street jesters had it that the Fed would also be accepting “cereal box-tops.”) Then the Fed extended a backstop line of credit to JPMorgan to tide Bear over; finally, it agreed to absorb the ugliest $30 billion of Bear's assets.
Government rescues are as old as private enterprise itself, but we are well beyond the days of guaranteeing loans to stodgy manufacturers à la Chrysler and Lockheed. Those cases were contained; the borders of finance are more nebulous. However pure of motive, Bernanke & Co. are underwriting overleveraged markets whose linkages, even today, are dimly understood. The formula of laissez faire in advance and intervention in the aftermath has it exactly wrong. Better that the Fed, with Congress's help if need be, ensures that regulators and markets have the tools to know what companies are worth before the trouble hits.
Our democracy is fundamentally broken by a dangerous new era of fierce partisan divisions. Most voters are locked in congressional districts that are increasingly skewed toward one party.
With no power to affect outcomes, too many votes simply do not matter.
The problem goes beyond gerrymandering, redistricting, and money. The problem is districting itself.
The zero-sum, winner-take-all system in which only one person is elected to represent each district no longer works in this era of hardened partisanship.
The Fair Representation Act gives voters of all backgrounds and all political stripes the power to elect House Members who reflect their views and will work constructively with others in Congress.
Story continues below Go Beyond the Two-Sided Narrative! Get IVN's weekly round-up of news and information for independent-minded voters in your inbox. Thanks for signing up! An unknown error occured :( Please try again later First Name* Last Name* Email Address* I accept IVN's terms and conditions? Sign Up
Under the Fair Representation Act, there will be more choices and several winners elected in each district. Congress will remain the same size, but districts will be larger, each electing 3, 4, or 5 winners.
Voters will be free to rank their choices without fear of “spoilers.” No district will be “red” or “blue.” Every district will fairly reflect the spectrum of voters.
Voters are clamoring for change. The Fair Representation Act is effective, constitutional, and grounded in American traditions. It will ensure that every vote counts and all voices are heard.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A bill was introduced in the U.S. House of Representatives on Thursday that would overturn the Environmental Protection Agency's decision to prevent California from limiting the amount of greenhouse gas emissions spewed by cars.
The EPA last December turned down California's request for a waiver from federal law that would have permitted the state to cut vehicle carbon dioxide emissions, which when implemented would likely have raised the required fuel efficiency of cars and also fought global warming.
A group of 60 House lawmakers introduced legislation that would immediately grant California's waiver request and also clear the way for 12 other states to set vehicle tailpipe emissions standards.
“The Environmental Protection Agency's decision defied the science, defied the states, and defied common sense,” said Rep. Peter Welch of Vermont, who co-sponsored the bill.
“With consumers feeling the pinch of record fuel prices and the evidence of global warming overwhelming, the Bush administration must lead, follow, or get out of the way,” they said.
Similar legislation was introduced in the U.S. Senate this year by Barbara Boxer of California.
The 12 states wanting to follow California in regulating tailpipe emissions are Connecticut, Maryland, Maine, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont and Washington.
The governors of Arizona, Colorado, Florida and Utah also have committed to implementing similar vehicle emissions standards.
Although the long-term effects of e-cigarettes aren't yet known, the PCP says that the likelihood of there being a "hazard to health" arising from sustained vapour inhalation is "unlikely to exceed 5 percent of the harm from tobacco smoke." This mirrors a Public Health England (PHE) report that said that e-cigarettes are 95 percent less harmful than tobacco.
Doctors also found there was no evidence to suggest that e-cigarettes normalize smoking or serve as a gateway to regular tobacco: "None of these products has to date attracted significant use among adult never-smokers, or demonstrated evidence of significant gateway progression into smoking among young people."
Smoking-related diseases cost the National Health Service (NHS) more than £2 billion (around $2.9 billion) each year, which equates to over 2 percent of its budget. It's also the biggest avoidable cause of death and disability in the UK. While the PCP believes e-cigarettes make a "major contribution" to improve the lives of millions of people, there still needs to be "careful management and proportionate regulation."
This might include the licensing of more vaping solutions -- British American Tobacco's e-Voke pen is currently the only e-cigarette prescribed by the NHS -- and a possible EU requirement that all products undergo emissions tests that allow consumers to identify the best and cleanest products. It also means that most smokers will need to buy their own e-cigarettes, at least until more manufacturers decide to offer their products as "quit smoking aids."
"The growing use of electronic cigarettes as a substitute for tobacco smoking has been a topic of great controversy, with much speculation over their potential risks and benefits," says Professor John Britton, chair of the RCP's Tobacco Advisory Group. "This report lays to rest almost all of the concerns over these products, and concludes that, with sensible regulation, electronic cigarettes have the potential to make a major contribution towards preventing the premature death, disease and social inequalities in health that smoking currently causes in the UK."
Secret Hitler Meta JohnRove Dec 21st, 2016 ( edited ) 1,890 Never 1,890Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 5.45 KB Win Rate Spreadsheets: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1SLeSjoDUEdZFXUtPv6ejy0Wyg1Iv-MS-LhP9OS2iaR8/edit?usp=sharing https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/17jzr_rhAAgUjSG2zGbOv5Tur8xDqFXdDOPDkj_cVN2g/edit?usp=sharing https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1W-29lvQclgMAcwF4Cidwa56m7lsmYkGix1yOb40qB6Y/edit?usp=sharing Secret Hitler Metas Various Metagame related Items for the Game Secret Hitler. Most Notable for use on web versions at http://secret.ethanl.ee and http://Secrethitler.io Chancellor Selection Order This is intended to Be sure that Everyone is given a Chance to be in government while minimizing opportunities for Fascists to make selective picks. Odd-Player Games: First President Picks the Person Behind them, Following Presidents Pick the Person Behind that until all are in government. Even-Player Game: First President Picks the Person 2 Behind them, Following Presidents Pick the Person Behind That, With the Last in Presidential order picking the person who is directly behind First President (who was skipped at the beginning). Example: In a 5 Player Game, First President is Position 2, he/she picks Position 1. Position 3 Picks Position 5. Position 4 Picks whoever they want. In a 6 Player Game, First President is Position 4, he/she picks Position 2. Position 5 Picks Position 1. Position 6 Picks Position 3. In a 7 Player Game, First President is Position 1, he/she picks Position 7. Position 2 Picks Position 6. Position 3 Picks Position 5. Position 4 Picks whoever. In a 8 Player Game, First President is Position 3, he/she picks Position 1. Position 4 Picks Position 8. Position 5 Picks Position 7. Position 6 Picks Position 2. In a 9 Player Game, First President is Position 6, he/she picks Position 5. Position 7 Picks Position 4. Position 8 Picks Position 3. Position 9 Picks Position 2. Position 1 Picks whoever. In a 10 Player Game, First President is Position 8, he/she picks Position 6. Position 9 picks Position 5. Position 10 picks Position 4. Position 1 Picks Position 3. Position 2 Picks Position 7. Alternative Strategies for 5 Player Games (Does not Work in Larger Games): Liberal Train: The First President Picks according to Standard Meta, so 1 behind. If that government comes out Liberal, the President from Government 1 is rechosen as Chancellor. This continues in a similar fashion so long as Liberal Policies Continue to be passed. When a Fascist Policy is Passed, the Most Recent Member of a Liberal Government who can be picked is chosen as Chancellor. Flame Pieman Meta: The first President picks someone who is not adjacent to them, but is within 2 governments of them. (E.g. 1 picks 3 or 4). If that government comes out liberal, then you nein to the first chancellor and they pick the first president. This team continues so long as Liberal Policies are Passed. When a Fascist policy is passed, you have the next president pick the person thus far out of government that is not adjacent to them. (E.g. If 1 Picks 4, then 2 picks 5) If they play Liberal, you restart the neining with the two of them. Revealing Cards It is most beneficial for Liberals for the President to not Disclose the Composition of Cards in a Liberal Government on the First Shuffle (Subsequent shuffles tend to have significantly fewer Liberal cards in them and the information is important to get out) . The reason for this is that, if the president has multiple Liberal Policies, informing fascists of this makes it easier for them to claim 3r when they are president without drawing suspicion. Any Fascist Governments should have cards disclosed immediately so that the Board is aware of any conflict. To minimize the chance for people to create a lie about their cards, once the final hand of a shuffle is played, the presidents should give the cards they had in chat, in order of presidency. This should be done in quick succession. Investigations In 7/8 Player games, barring conflict or other outside factors, the Investigation should be used to investigate the Chancellor of the First Fascist Government. This is so that if It was dual fascist, you can potentially use that information to determine cards discarded. In 9/10 Player Games, barring conflict or other outside factors, the first investigation should be used on either the 2nd or 3rd upconing president. This prevents a 2-in-a-row conflict, and gives information on someone in the next set of governments. The second investigation should be used on the Chancellor of the First Fascist Government. Notes: This section will be used for notes regarding discussion of the Meta Strategies above and their usefulness in games. The Supreme Mango: But, the issue is, if a meta play favors Liberals or Fascists too strongly, fascists will have to find a way to disrupt it/game it The Supreme Mango: Or the game becomes less fun for them The Supreme Mango: Since fascists start the game with an advantage, metagame strategies should be used to counteract that advanatage, not destroy it the mangoes will mango again: so your solution is to play with a flawed meta, so that fascists have a chance? the mangoes will mango again: that's actually pretty smart The Supreme Mango: Not flawed, balanced The Supreme Mango: If the game is too favored to one team, it becomes unfun for the other team The Supreme Mango: Hence 6p games the mangoes will mango again: That makes a lot of sense actually. it's like getting arsonist in ToS, you just give up because you have like 3% chance of winning, so it's not fun
RAW Paste Data
Win Rate Spreadsheets: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1SLeSjoDUEdZFXUtPv6ejy0Wyg1Iv-MS-LhP9OS2iaR8/edit?usp=sharing https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/17jzr_rhAAgUjSG2zGbOv5Tur8xDqFXdDOPDkj_cVN2g/edit?usp=sharing https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1W-29lvQclgMAcwF4Cidwa56m7lsmYkGix1yOb40qB6Y/edit?usp=sharing Secret Hitler Metas Various Metagame related Items for the Game Secret Hitler. Most Notable for use on web versions at http://secret.ethanl.ee and http://Secrethitler.io Chancellor Selection Order This is intended to Be sure that Everyone is given a Chance to be in government while minimizing opportunities for Fascists to make selective picks. Odd-Player Games: First President Picks the Person Behind them, Following Presidents Pick the Person Behind that until all are in government. Even-Player Game: First President Picks the Person 2 Behind them, Following Presidents Pick the Person Behind That, With the Last in Presidential order picking the person who is directly behind First President (who was skipped at the beginning). Example: In a 5 Player Game, First President is Position 2, he/she picks Position 1. Position 3 Picks Position 5. Position 4 Picks whoever they want. In a 6 Player Game, First President is Position 4, he/she picks Position 2. Position 5 Picks Position 1. Position 6 Picks Position 3. In a 7 Player Game, First President is Position 1, he/she picks Position 7. Position 2 Picks Position 6. Position 3 Picks Position 5. Position 4 Picks whoever. In a 8 Player Game, First President is Position 3, he/she picks Position 1. Position 4 Picks Position 8. Position 5 Picks Position 7. Position 6 Picks Position 2. In a 9 Player Game, First President is Position 6, he/she picks Position 5. Position 7 Picks Position 4. Position 8 Picks Position 3. Position 9 Picks Position 2. Position 1 Picks whoever. In a 10 Player Game, First President is Position 8, he/she picks Position 6. Position 9 picks Position 5. Position 10 picks Position 4. Position 1 Picks Position 3. Position 2 Picks Position 7. Alternative Strategies for 5 Player Games (Does not Work in Larger Games): Liberal Train: The First President Picks according to Standard Meta, so 1 behind. If that government comes out Liberal, the President from Government 1 is rechosen as Chancellor. This continues in a similar fashion so long as Liberal Policies Continue to be passed. When a Fascist Policy is Passed, the Most Recent Member of a Liberal Government who can be picked is chosen as Chancellor. Flame Pieman Meta: The first President picks someone who is not adjacent to them, but is within 2 governments of them. (E.g. 1 picks 3 or 4). If that government comes out liberal, then you nein to the first chancellor and they pick the first president. This team continues so long as Liberal Policies are Passed. When a Fascist policy is passed, you have the next president pick the person thus far out of government that is not adjacent to them. (E.g. If 1 Picks 4, then 2 picks 5) If they play Liberal, you restart the neining with the two of them. Revealing Cards It is most beneficial for Liberals for the President to not Disclose the Composition of Cards in a Liberal Government on the First Shuffle (Subsequent shuffles tend to have significantly fewer Liberal cards in them and the information is important to get out) . The reason for this is that, if the president has multiple Liberal Policies, informing fascists of this makes it easier for them to claim 3r when they are president without drawing suspicion. Any Fascist Governments should have cards disclosed immediately so that the Board is aware of any conflict. To minimize the chance for people to create a lie about their cards, once the final hand of a shuffle is played, the presidents should give the cards they had in chat, in order of presidency. This should be done in quick succession. Investigations In 7/8 Player games, barring conflict or other outside factors, the Investigation should be used to investigate the Chancellor of the First Fascist Government. This is so that if It was dual fascist, you can potentially use that information to determine cards discarded. In 9/10 Player Games, barring conflict or other outside factors, the first investigation should be used on either the 2nd or 3rd upconing president. This prevents a 2-in-a-row conflict, and gives information on someone in the next set of governments. The second investigation should be used on the Chancellor of the First Fascist Government. Notes: This section will be used for notes regarding discussion of the Meta Strategies above and their usefulness in games. The Supreme Mango: But, the issue is, if a meta play favors Liberals or Fascists too strongly, fascists will have to find a way to disrupt it/game it The Supreme Mango: Or the game becomes less fun for them The Supreme Mango: Since fascists start the game with an advantage, metagame strategies should be used to counteract that advanatage, not destroy it the mangoes will mango again: so your solution is to play with a flawed meta, so that fascists have a chance? the mangoes will mango again: that's actually pretty smart The Supreme Mango: Not flawed, balanced The Supreme Mango: If the game is too favored to one team, it becomes unfun for the other team The Supreme Mango: Hence 6p games the mangoes will mango again: That makes a lot of sense actually. it's like getting arsonist in ToS, you just give up because you have like 3% chance of winning, so it's not fun
We, along with everyone else, are obsessed with the pineapple trend right now. And after seeing this perfect pineapple tee on Pinterest, I decided to make a one of my own. Using takeout boxes to create a large stamp is the easiest and cheapest technique, and you could use it to make any design you want. This hand-stamped pineapple tee was so easy, the supplies are simple, and I loved how it turned out!
Supplies:
Tee
Takeout boxes (foam plates would also work)
Pencil
Paint brush
Fabric paint (I used Fabric Creations Soft Fabric Ink and it's the best!)
Step 1: Cut out flat foam squares from your takeout box(es). I just ran into a restaurant and asked for a bunch of boxes and they gave them to me for free, but I also saw them at Walmart by the paper goods. Or if you eat out, save your boxes!
Step 2: Draw or trace your design on the foam.
Step 3: Cut the outside edges of your design.
Step 4: Apply paint to the foam.
Step 5: Press stamp on shirt, and remove.
Step 6: Let dry. Follow any additional instructions for your fabric paint.
Isn't this the cutest? And think of the possibilities! They are never-ending!
Happy stamping!
xo, Sam
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
A sex worker in San Francisco has been assaulted by two clients in what they believe was a homophobically motivated attack.
Jessie Colter took to Twitter to give warning to other sex workers in the area.
If you're a sex worker in SF please read this! If I can happen to me, it can happen to anyone! pic.twitter.com/SDJpkn3Zms — Jessie Colter (@jessiecolterxxx) August 24, 2017
Colter walked away from the attack without harm but warned that ”if it can happen to me, it can happen to anyone.”
They wrote: “So this post is really hard for me to make, but I feel I must be brave.
“Not only for myself but for others like myself. This morning I was assaulted by a client.”
Colter went on to explain that the attack happened in a hotel room.
After following one client into the room, they did not realise straight away that a second man was in the bathroom.
When they turned to look at the second man, the first punched them the head, starting the attack.
“When I looked their way the first guy hit me in the side of the head I fell to the floor.
“He then pinned me to the floor with their knee and shoved my face to the floor.
“The guy in the bathroom came at me to kick me in the face.”
Colter added that they had reported the incident but still felt unnerved by it.
“I managed to fight them both off and escape pretty much unscathed. I'm still shaken up.”
They then warned other sex workers in the area of the white supremacist rally that is happening this weekend.
“Please be cautious and do what you must insure [sic] your safety.
“I'm very lucky it wasn't any worse than it was. I'm a big guy but that doesn't mean anything when it comes to these situations.
“You have to be careful,” they added.
In 2014, Colter was threatened with arrest and called queer for wearing red speedos to Kentucky Kingdom water park.
This weekend I visited my parents. As these things tend to go, they had a list of things that bothered them about their computers. I like helping them and ended up moving my mother's blog to a new host, and optimizing their Wi-Fi network. However, that last task was frustrating at first because I didn't really know what tools to use. I Googled around a bit and found some very expensive tools, but I also uncovered a great and useful one hidden away in Mac OS X itself.
In the past it would suffice to look at the AirPort symbol in the menu bar top right. If it showed a full signal (all bars black) it would work, and if it didn't, it wouldn't. But it seems that the AirPort symbol now always displays a full signal, even when the signal is bad. Fortunately, there is an easy way to check signal-strength, and it is just a few clicks away.
Step 1: Press the ‘alt' key on your keyboard and mouse-click on the AirPort icon in the menu bar, like this:
The network you have selected will display some extra info. This is what each option means:
PHY Mode: protocol being used to connect.
BSSID: The unique identifier for your airport hardware, also known as the MAC address.
Channel: Wi-Fi signals are transmitting on certain channels. A channel might conflict with other transmitters.
Security: The kind of encryption used. WPA and WPA2 are safe options. WEP isn't anymore.
RSSI: The ‘Received Signal Strength Indication' shows the strength of your signal. Closer to 0 is better.
Transmit Rate: The actual speed at which data is being transmitted between your access point and your computer.
MCS Index: This is a number that corresponds to protocols used to encode the radio signal.
This is already useful. Especially the RSSI and Transmit Rate, which give you an indication of how well your network is performing. But we don't stop here.
Step 2: At the bottom of that menu is an option called ‘Wireless Diagnostics'. Select it to open an app with the same name, after you've authenticated yourself. It opens with an introduction screen which we will ignore for now. Instead, we will press the command key + 2. Or go to the ‘Window' menu and select the ‘Utilities' option, as shown on the right here.
A window will open with more info about your AirPort network. In the menu bar of that window are 5 options. Select the 5th one called ‘Performance'.
That is what we are looking at now:
This is the window that will really help you optimize things. Move your computer around the house to see the different parameters change. You could just focus on the ‘Quality' indicator and wait until it says ‘Excellent' or keep an eye on the ‘RSSI' versus ‘Noise' indicators.
I ended up disconnecting the wireless phone system and moving it around to minimize noise and I rotated the AirPort base station 180 degrees, which turned my parents signal from ‘Good' to ‘Excellent'.
At home I experimented with an old metal tray placed behind my AirPort directing the signal inwards instead of outwards towards the neighbors. There might be other computers, old Wi-Fi networks or microwaves interfering with your network. Try different things and keep a close eye on your network performance, and let us know how much you improved your signal.
P.S.: as mentioned in the comments: “The menu option only shows up in Mac OS X 10.8.x Mountain Lion and 10.9.x Mavericks. If you are still running Mac OS X 10.7.x Lion, the option will not be there but the application does still exist on your system. Just go the the following directory, /System/Library/CoreServices/ and look for the application named Wi-Fi Diagnostics.”
Read next: Amazon's original tech comedy Betas arrives on Prime Instant Video in the UK
Here's a ranking of the top 100 rookies based on who will make the biggest impact in Year One, continuing with players Nos. 21-40.
21. DE Noah Spence, Tampa Bay Buccaneers: The beauty of the Spence pick for the Bucs is that they don't have to play a ton of snaps to make a big difference, as long as they can get to the quarterback.
22. DE Emmanuel Ogbah, Cleveland Browns: Cleveland needed a lot of help in the defensive front and Ogbah -- known for their pass rushing as a collegian -- will be effective against the run, too.
23. S Vonn Bell, New Orleans Saints: Bell can play well in coverage as a safety, and not just zone coverage; they can match up. That's why they were a steal for New Orleans at No. 61 overall.
24. CB Eli Apple, New York Giants: It remains to be seen where Apple will fit in the Giants' secondary, but with the nickel package being the predominant look in the NFL now, their cover skills will get them on the field early.
25. S/LB Su'a Cravens, Washington Redskins: Cravens breaks the stereotype that strong safeties lack coverage skills. Cravens is the new-age type of hybrid defender NFL clubs are drawn to. The Redskins are sure to lean on Cravens' ability to play in space, and blanket backs and tight ends.
26. C Ryan Kelly, Indianapolis Colts: Kelly comes in and starts right away, bringing with them three years of experience making line calls and checks in Alabama's pro-style offense.
27. WR Tyler Boyd, Cincinnati Bengals: With two receivers lost to free agency, the Bengals need help from Boyd from Day One, or else A.J. Green draws too much safety help.
28. OT Jack Conklin, Tennessee Titans: Expect the former Michigan State star to step in immediately at right tackle and make things easier for both Marcus Mariota and fellow rookie Derrick Henry.
29. QB Paxton Lynch, Denver Broncos: Yes, he's in need of development, but they didn't land with a team that's in a great position to let them sit for too long.
30. DE Jonathan Bullard, Chicago Bears: DC Vic Fangio is going to love the motor and versatility Bullard brings to the Bears' defense.
31. WR Sterling Shepard, New York Giants: Whether Victor Cruz returns to form or not, Shepard puts a new weapon around Eli Manning, most likely from the slot.
32. S Keanu Neal, Atlanta Falcons: Some considered Neal a reach at No. 17 overall, but they were a three-year playmaker at Florida and has the football intelligence to be a commanding presence in the Atlanta secondary.
33. RB Derrick Henry, Tennessee Titans: Even if DeMarco Murray enjoys a career rebound in 2016, Henry will see their share of carries and, at a minimum, be an effective battering ram in short-yardage and goal-line situations.
34. OL Joshua Garnett, San Francisco 49ers: He'll start from Day One and make life easier for RB Carlos Hyde on inside runs.
35. WR Will Fuller, Houston Texans: Fuller's impact should be two-fold: Along with their own production, their vertical speed should help keep safeties more honest in their coverage of Texans star WR DeAndre Hopkins.
36. DT A'Shawn Robinson, Detroit Lions: Robinson will make Detroit's run defense better from Day One, and while he's not likely to pile up the sacks, he'll shrink the pocket on pass plays enough to have third-down value.
37. CB William Jackson III, Cincinnati Bengals: There wasn't a more productive cornerback in college football last year, and Bengals veterans at the position will have every reason to look over their shoulders.
38. DL Adolphus Washington, Buffalo Bills: Quite a few interior defensive linemen were picked ahead of him, but Washington's potential as a pass rusher makes them more of a possible steal. He's expected to start immediately.
39. RB Jordan Howard, Chicago Bears: A physical back whose tough style will endear them to Bears fans, Howard has a chance to play a major role in the offense as a rookie.
40. OT Taylor Decker, Detroit Lions: The most likely landing spot for Decker is right tackle, where they should be able to nail down the job in relatively short order.
Follow Chase Goodbread on Twitter @ChaseGoodbread.
Jennifer Lawrence is currently making the rounds promoting their new movie, Mother!, which premiered earlier this week at the Venice Film Festival, and they have provoked the ire of right wing media in the process. According to E! News, a recent interview on Britain's Channel 4 News turned to a discussion about a recent written statement issued by Darren Aronofsky, the director of Mother!, who also happens to be currently dating Jennifer Lawrence. Responding to the dark and foreboding statement made by Aronofsky, which begins by stating “It is a mad time to be alive,” and goes on to detail some troubling facts about the state of our world, Lawrence was asked about their thoughts on climate change.
“It's scary to know that climate change is due to human activity and we continue to ignore it, and the only voice that we really have is through voting,” Jennifer Lawrence told Channel 4 News, going on to mention that the election of Trump was something they found troubling in light of the emergency that is human-made climate change. “And we voted, and it was really startling. You're watching these hurricanes now and it's hard, especially while promoting this movie, not to feel Mother Nature's rage or wrath.”
It's clear that Jennifer Lawrence was linking the severity of the hurricanes to climate change, and not stating that they are some metaphysical retribution for the United States electing Trump, but that's not stopping right wing smear merchants at Fox News, Ben Shapiro's Daily Wire, or Paul Joseph Watson of Alex Jones's Infowars from bending the truth to promote the dishonest narrative that Lawrence is promoting the idea that the hurricanes are nature's punishment against the United States for electing Donald Trump.
Jennifer Lawrence is busy promoting their new film, Mother! [Image by John Phillips/Getty Images]
What's likely upsetting these right wing disinformation merchants busy trying to smear Jennifer Lawrence with this ridiculous accusation is that they had the nerve to mention their view that climate change is the result of human activity. Despite the overwhelming scientific consensus in the scientific community that climate change is influenced by human activity, many on the right resist that narrative at every turn. According to NASA, the evidence for the human influence on climate change is overwhelming.
“Ninety-seven percent of climate scientists agree that climate-warming trends over the past century are very likely due to human activities,” NASA's website states. “Most of the leading scientific organizations worldwide have issued public statements endorsing this position.”
Despite the broad scientific consensus, President Donald Trump has called human-made climate change a hoax and that view is shared by many on the political right. According to the New York Times, the opposition to the scientific community's consensus on climate change can largely be traced to well-funded propaganda campaigns linked to power players in the fossil fuel industry, such as Charles and David Koch, and to politicians such as Mitch McConnell, who represent states that depend heavily on the coal-mining industry.
Jennifer Lawrence may be feeling some heat from climate deniers on the right for their statement on climate change, but they should rest assured that the vast majority of people who actually study the issue and know what they're talking about have them back.
Jennifer Lawrence and Darren Aronofsky are worried about climate change. [Image by Vittorio Zunino Celotto/Getty Images]
[Featured Image by Tim P. Whitby/Getty Images]
Disgraced comedian Kathy Griffin went on an Australian talk show this week to bash president Trump. Griffin has been in free fall since their catastrophic photo op with a severed Trump head. In the interview, Griffin said President Donald Trump was a “Nazi” and called Trump's supporters “psychos.”
Griffin said:
“First of all, the accidental president is what I call him.  They are not here, is he? Because I'm scared of that guy. I was under a two-month federal investigation for taking a picture of a mask. Yes, I'm excommunicated from my own country, so I'm here doing a world tour. We have to make fun of them because they are so ridiculous and dangerous. And I actually have known this fool. I am going to call them a moron and also a Nazi. Americans are like skittish about calling them a Nazi, but they are a Nazi. There's a Nazi in the Oval Office. I just have some news for you so heads up. He's just a big liar, and they are awful, and everybody should get rid of them soon. I don't mean violently. What I mean is vote them out.”
You can watch the unhinged comments here.
Hamburg Town Board approves hamburger water tower Copyright by WIVB - All rights reserved Video
HAMBURG, N.Y. (WIVB) -- Hamburg claims to be the birthplace of the hamburger and the town board just approved a project that could pave the way for the town to show off their claim to fame.
If you take a drive down Howard Road in Hamburg you will notice an ordinary water tower, but for the past several months, a town resident has been petitioning to transform it.
Chris Hannotte Luly wants to transform the water tower to look like a hamburger.
Monday the town board approved Luly to begin raising money for the project. Luly says taxpayers will not need to pay for the paint job, it will be done entirely by fundraising.
The petition has already received more than 2,000 signatures in support of the project.
Although many neighbors are in support of the proposal, some say they are not completely thrilled to see a hamburger in their backyard.
"I think it's kind of silly actually, when you travel out of Georgia you see peaches all over the place and I don't like that either, i'd just like to see it painted, maybe a little darker green, maybe camouflage," said John Langfelder, Hamburg resident who lives in front of the tower.
Town officials told News 4 the board gave approval to start fundraising, but they did not approve a final design for the tower.
The powerful satellite has gone into orbit to provide 300 Gigabytes per second Wi-Fi speed in airplanes.
In flight, the Internet has become a terrible experience for the passengers. But with the new technology, the passengers can get the better experience in connectivity with better bandwidth at a competitive price.
The satellite has launched on an Arianne rocket to orbit it to provide better connectivity for the plane passengers.
ViaSat-2 station has the total throughput capacity of about 300 Gigabytes per second which provide that passengers a better Wi-Fi in the sky. The spacecraft was part of a dual payload on Arianne Flight.
The aim of both satellites is to provide Wi-Fi on airplanes. Airlines are in the way to progress the technique and technology in the planes which provide better Wi-Fi to their passengers. This will boost the connectivity of smartphones and other devices inside the plane.
According to the report, more than 6000 commercial aircraft worldwide were offering an onboard Wi-Fi service in 2016. But it is expected that by the year 2021 the number will increase more than 17000.
ViaSat-2 provide broadband service to fixed customers across North America, Central America, the Caribbean and a portion of Northern South America.
ViaSat-2 chief operating officer, Rick Baldridge said, “We think people want to use their devices in the air the way they do on the ground, that's the bet we have made.”
They also added, “JetBlue delayed their inflight Wi-Fi offering, waiting for us and now they are giving it away for free and we are providing 12 Megabytes per second to every seat including streaming video.”
Pacome Revillion also said, “Going to 2020, approximately 50% of aircraft will have opted for their chosen connectivity solution and certainly all the major airlines will have made that choice.”
Let's see the new world age by then which can provide Wi-Fi connectivity even in the sky.
WASHINGTON — Betsy DeVos, a wealthy Republican donor with almost no experience in public education, was confirmed by the Senate as the nation's education secretary on Tuesday, but only with the help of a historic tiebreaking vote from Vice President Mike Pence after weeks of protests and two defections within their own party.
The 51-to-50 vote capped an all-night vigil on the Senate floor, where, one by one, Democrats denounced Ms. DeVos to a mostly empty chamber. But they did not get a third Republican defection that would have stopped Ms. DeVos — a billionaire who has devoted much of their life to promoting charter schools and vouchers — from becoming the flight attendant of the nation's nearly 100,000 public schools.
It was the first time a vice president has been summoned to the Capitol to break a tie on a cabinet nomination.
Senator Al Franken, Democrat of Minnesota, demanded before the vote that Republicans explain how they could support Ms. DeVos. “If we cannot set aside party loyalty long enough to perform the essential duty of vetting the president's nominees, what are we even doing here?” Mr. Franken asked.
The sonogram performed during their 36th week of pregnancy in early summer produced jarring news for Nicole Bono — their developing son's head appeared to have an abnormal shape.
“They noticed that their head wasn't round and when they looked from a side profile they noticed a ridge,” said Bono of East Patchogue, referring to a malformation that gave the baby's head a triangular appearance. They said they and their husband, Mark, were told not to worry. The problem might resolve on its own after birth, doctors said.
It didn't — necessitating a search for surgeons who not only could change the shape of the child's head, but who could do so safely, precisely and without a need for additional operations in the future.
The Bonos found a team at Stony Brook Children's Hospital that was able to use a 3-D printer to produce a replica of baby Vincent's skull, which, in turn, allowed the medical team to fully rehearse the surgery long before they stepped into the operating room.
On Nov. 28, 6-month-old Vincent was wheeled into surgery for a three-hour operation to correct what doctors had diagnosed as metopic synostosis, a cranial developmental disorder that affects about one in every 15,000 babies.
“The kind of synostosis they had is one of the rarer forms,” said Dr. Michael Egnor, director of pediatric neurosurgery at Stony Brook Children's Hospital, one of two surgeons who performed the operation.
Egnor said surgical correction for children born with the condition is important because without it, the brain could fail to develop optimally. Risks associated with leaving the condition uncorrected include developmental delays, cognitive impairment, eye movement disorders and seizures.
Get the Breaking News newsletter! Get the latest breaking news as it happens. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
But Egnor underscored that operating on a baby is not a simple task because the potential for significant blood loss during surgery can prove fatal.
That is why choreographing every step in advance was vital, said Dr. Elliot Duboys, associate professor of surgery at Stony Brook School of Medicine and baby Vincent's other surgeon.
Duboys said an infant's skull has several plates, or sections of bone that are separated by fibrous tissue called “sutures.” As the child ages, the sutures close and the skull becomes fully formed as a solid piece of bone.
Baby Vincent's metopic synostosis occurred when the metopic suture — which runs from the baby's “soft spot” at the top of the head, down the forehead to the top of the nose — closed too early, Duboys said.
Through a collaboration with Medical Modeling in Colorado, known now as 3D Systems, Egnor and Duboys were able to virtually plan the entire surgery in advance.
Duboys said images from a CT scan of baby Vincent's head were sent to the company, which then manufactured a model skull using the CT information as a template. The company also created a model of what Vincent's skull should look like after surgery.
Having a replica in hand allowed the Stony Brook doctors to know where to make incisions, which tools to use and how to perform the surgery with the utmost precision, they said.
As a result, baby Vincent spent far less time under anesthesia than they would have without the use of 3-D surgical technology, Duboys said — conventional surgery likely would have added hours to the operation.
Hospitals across Long Island and elsewhere in the region are using 3-D printer technology to rehearse and perform operations ranging from brain-tumor surgery to cosmetic corrections. Surgeons at North Shore University Hospital, a division of the Northwell Health System, recently used the technology to reconstruct a patient's nose.
Nicole Bono said the holidays have been made all the more poignant with their 7-month-old's successful surgery and rapid recovery. Big sister Kallee, 4, is pleased, too, they said.
Mark Bono highlighted their son's lighthearted spirit — and hearty appetite. He's buoyed by the surgery's success, knowing that no future operations are needed and that their son's head will grow normally.
“Vinny is such a happy baby, always laughing and smiling — definitely a happy, chubby little boy,” their dad said.
“He loves their pasta and meatballs. We have to fight with them to eat baby food. You put pasta in front of him, and they eat the whole thing. It's amazing.”
Developer training platform Pluralsight is in a buying mood. Just two weeks ago, the startup bought video tutorial site PeepCode. And, now, it's opened up its checkbook again to purchase TrainSignal, a Chicago-based company that offers online courses for IT professionals.
The company said the $23.6 million cash and stock deal marks a strategic change in its market: instead of just focusing on developers, it's turning its attention to the IT side as well.
Advertisement
“This is a one-stop-shop for the CTO and CIO,” said Pluralsight CEO Aaron Skonnard. “This doubles our market size.”
For more than a decade, TrainSignal has developed training materials that help IT professionals use and support all kinds of services, from Microsoft Excel (s MSFT) to VMware (s VMW) data recovery tools. Earlier this year, the company moved away from old-school DVDs to a Netflix-style (s NFLX) subscription service.
As we've covered before, plenty of startups offer online courses for learning programming and IT skills, from veteran sites like lynda.com to newer sites like Codecademy, Udemy and Treehouse. But, Skonnard said, with the TrainSignal acquisition, Pluralsight will offer a comprehensive library that can equally serve longtime professionals and beginners in both programming and IT. And that could make the site an appealing choice for enterprise clients that want an easy and cheaper way to provide professional development to employees.
The acquisition will significantly increase the size of the company's headcount, library and user base. Skonnard said their 50-person company would add 35 people in Chicago through TrainSignal and that its content selection would nearly double to about 1,200 titles. With the purchase, the company will also increase its number of individual users by 33 percent (to 400,000) and boost its number of corporate memberships by 50 percent (to 4,500).
Earlier this year, Pluralsight accepted $27.5 million in its first round of outside funding. At the time, the company said part of the money would go toward expanding its online catalog of content – now we know that content production also meant acquisition.
The Premier League champions are prepared to spend €15 million to land the former Arsenal star but face competition from Liverpool, AC Milan and Atletico Madrid
THE VIEW FROM SPAIN
By Pilar Suarez | Goal Spain
Alex Song has been with Barcelona for two seasons but has failed to really cement their place in the team and is not thought to be a key player for the future.
Of course, everyone at Camp Nou is waiting on what will happen regarding Fifa's transfer ban. For now, Xavi, Sergi Roberto, Cesc Fabregas, Andres Iniesta and Sergio Busquets provide good options but really the club need to strengthen, not weaken, their options in midfield so the result of their appeal against the ban could be key to sales as well as purchases this summer.
By Wayne Veysey | UK Correspondent Manchester United have made a shock move for Barcelona midfielder Alex Song understands.The Red Devils have indicated that they are willing to spend €15 million to land the former Arsenal star.Liverpool, AC Milan and Atletico Madrid are also keeping close tabs on Song, who is expected to leave Camp Nou this summer, but Goal understands that United are in pole position to capture the Cameroon international as manager David Moyes steps up plans to reinforce their central midfield.Moyes, who is also targeting Bayern Munich's Toni Kroos and Sporting Lisbon's William Carvalho, is an admirer of Song's ability to anchor the midfield as well as fill in at centre-back.The 26-year-old has appeared in 28 of Barcelona's 53 matches in all competitions this season but has struggled to cement a regular first-team spot. They have started only 12 of the club's 43 league and Champions League matches and is now prepared to call time on their spell at Barça even though they have three years remaining on their contract.The Spanish giants are willing to cash in on the Cameroonian if they can recover most of the £15m fee that they paid Arsenal for them in the summer of 2012.Fifa has imposed a transfer ban on Barcelona for the next two windows but this would not prevent the club from selling players.Vice president Manel Arroyo said last week that Barça will appeal against the decision in a bid to get the ban suspended and that "our legal team is working so that we'll be able to sign new players this summer".Song joined Arsenal from French club Bastia as an 18-year-old and spent seven years at the Emirates Stadium, where they established themselves as a key component of Arsene Wenger's midfield before following in the footsteps of Cesc Fabregas by moving to Barcelona.
You know how the saying "cats and dogs are living together" is used to imply things are all messed up? Okay, well here is something way more terrifying than that.
If you can't tell what's going on there, it's a RACCOON RIDING ON THE BACK OF AN ALLIGATOR AND WE ARE ALL SCREWED. SERIOUSLY, IF ALLIGATORS AND RODENTS ARE TEAMING UP THEN I'M OUT OF HERE.
Apparently the picture was taken by a man who was looking at alligators with their family, when their son startled a raccoon they couldn't see. The raccoon ran out onto the alligator's back, and then the alligator did not kill it instantly. This is terrifying, no good, very bad news.
If you guys know anyone at NASA who is looking for someone to go on the first manned flight to Mars who doesn't care about the risks involved, please pass along my phone number to them.
★★★
SB Nation presents: One squirrel's attempt to overcome a bird feeder
It's a familiar adage in the tech world that hardware is hard. After all, a single coder can ship an app, armed with just a computer. But a new piece of hardware has to go through design revisions, materials tests, and manufacturing regulations before it sees the light of day.
This is why Ville Ylläsjärvi thinks Thingsee One, the open source, Internet of Things gadget their company is Kickstarting, will have staying power. Thingsee One isn't just a sensor-stuffed piece of hardware, it's a developer kit for other hardware makers. “We're solving the hardware equation for them,” they say. “Startups can develop their solution using Thingsee One, get on with tests and pilots on the field using Thingsee One, and in many cases get their first customers using Thingsee One.”
Thingsee looks like a spiffed up pager, and is packed with sensors for light and pressure, plus an accelerometer, gyroscope, and magnetometer. Together, these sensors allow Thingsee to constantly collect data on its surroundings—like temperature, the speed at which its moved around, the amount of light, and so on—that all get translated into a graphics and icon in the app. In the app, users can set up profiles for where the Thingsee lives (the garden, the basement, a set of skis, etc.) and then monitor that micro-environment, through both data and pre-programmed notifications pegged to certain kinds of information. So, for instance, if Thingsee lives on an owner's motorcycle, and the motorcycle gets moved while the user is out of town, he'll get an automatic alert. Or, Ylläsjärvi says that a parent who wants to monitor their newly licensed kid's driving behavior can program a Thingsee One, stick it on the dash, and then get notifications if the kid is speeding past a certain limit, or crashes the car. This means it lacks an easy selling point (You'll get healthier by counting steps!) in favor of myriad, do-it-yourself applications—and that's all by design.
Longer Battery Life Is Key
Instead of connecting to the phones via Bluetooth or Wi-Fi, it uses a 2G radio, and it has a battery life that can last up to a year—two reasons Ylläsjärvi says Thingsee One is a more accessible device than its Internet of Things predecessors like Twine or the Spotter from Quirky. The less you're constantly charging or connecting a smart device, the more use cases you'll wind up with. Developers will get access to an SDK, so with all the physical sensors already in place, they can quickly begin prototyping new ideas for connected gadgets apps or services without worrying about the costs and pitfalls of manufacturing new hardware.
Haltian, and therefore Thingsee, wouldn't exist if Nokia hadn't sold their devices and services division to Microsoft. Ylläsjärvi and the other Finland-based Haltian founders all worked at Nokia, creating new mobile products. They ran a group that operated like its own start up within Nokia: hand-picked talents that could handle industrial design, or software. After Nokia axed their group in 2012, they quickly reorganized around doing pretty much the same thing: coming up with new, future-facing gadgets. Thingsee One is like a startup within their startup; the founders hope to one day spin it off into its own fully-fledged company, once the marketplace for the Internet of Things is stronger.
The “fuzzy nature” of the Internet of Things, as Ylläsjärvi puts it, has to do with how companies have so far presented it to consumers. It will take off, they say, once more and more users get exposure to use cases. “Nest did it for homeowners concerned with energy usage, Smartthings for home accessory developers,” Ylläsjärvi says. “Visibility drives the adoption of the Internet of Things. If you can see things happening around you, you are able to act on them. Visibility brings comfort, It builds a feeling of security, adds more flavor to everyday adventures.”
We reckon our Aussie musicians are pretty great. After all, they've given us endless hours of joy and entertainment and they ask for so little return, besides maybe the cost of an album or a concert ticket.
We love them unconditionally. However, it's not like they've ever saved our lives or anything, though they've certainly changed them. Well, there's one Bass Coast man who can honestly say they owe their life to an Aussie musician.
According to a recent media release from Bass Coast Police, which readers can read in full below, a certain good samaritan is responsible for saving a blind man from drowning near Phillip Island yesterday evening.
At approximately 4.30pm, two men got into a potentially fatal situation when their small boat tipped approximately 200 metres off the Elizabeth Cove shore. To make matters worse, one of the men involved was blind.
The man clung to the overturned boat “for some time”, braving rough seas as their friend swam to shore to seek help. Fortunately, a brave local man went to their rescue, using their paddle board to reach the blind man in dark and dangerous conditions.
Despite the danger of the situation, the good samaritan managed to rescue the blind man and bring them to the safety of the shore. They were later taken to Wonthaggi Hospital by paramedics where they received treatment for exposure.
***NOT A JOKE***Sam is the "brave local man" in this story.Happened last night on Phillip Island.Cool, huh? Posted by I am Duckeye onWednesday, July 29, 2015
ANOTHER RESCUE AT THE ISLANDPolice from Cowes and San Remo were involved in a marine rescue on Wednesday evening at… Posted by Eyewatch – Bass Coast Police Service Area onWednesday, July 29, 2015
Just your run-of-the-mill death-defying sea rescue story, you know the deal. Except it's now been revealed that the heroic figure who saved the blind man from potential drowning was in fact Sam Haycroft, guitarist for Melbourne rockers I Am Duckeye.
The band recently announced a string of tour dates to celebrate seven years in the irreverent comedy rock (and apparently superhero) business, including a mini-festival scheduled to kick off at The Tote in Collingwood on Saturday, 26th September.
Readers can check below for full tour dates. We suggest readers go out and see the band and maybe buy Sam a beer or two, he's certainly earned it.
I Am Duckeye National Tour Dates
Friday, 21st August 2015
The Basement, Canberra
Saturday, 22nd August 2015
Musicman, Bendigo
Friday, 18th September 2015
San Remo Hotel, San Remo
Saturday, 26th September 2015
The Tote, Collingwood
Procedural Bookshelf In Animation Nodes
Toggle Prerequisites
Prerequisites: The following is a list of all prerequisites in order to make the most out of the following tutorial. Good Knowledge Of Animation Nodes.
Considerably Good Knowledge Of Trigonometry.
In this tutorial we shall learn how to make bookshelves procedurally in Animation Nodes. We will come up with an algorithm to stack books randomly then implement it in Animation Nodes.
High level procedural modeling systems can be created by dynamically instancing, replicating and transforming simple assets to create bigger more sophisticated assets. So the first first step is always to make your assets, in our case, it is shelves and books.
Shelves are just cuboids so instead, I add their unit primitive which is a cube and scale it as I please in our algorithm to make cuboids.
Books
Algorithm
Creating books will require just a bit of math, so get ready for some construction. Here is one possible combination for books stacking to use as an observation material:
We notice that all books is either standing or leaning on the one next to it, the ones that are leaning makes an angle $\alpha$ with the shelf and we can divide them into two categories:
$\alpha$ of the book is less than $\alpha$ of the next book as the red book. In that case, you will notice that the top of the first book doesn't touch the second book but the bottom of the second book touches the first book. Look at the red and green books to see what I mean. $\alpha$ of the book is more than $\alpha$ of the next book as in the green book. In that case, you will notice that the top of the first book is touching the second book and the the bottom of the second book doesn't touch the the first book.
From that, it is clear what our algorithm is supposed to do:
For each book: Choose a random angle $\alpha$ that ranges between $\delta$ and $\frac{\pi}{2}$ where $\delta$ is some arbitrary value that define a static friction coefficient. Notice that I said arbitrary because it really isn't a real coefficient since it depend on both the angle of the book and the one next to it (Which we still haven't computed). Compute the location of the book along the axis of the shelf from the angle $\alpha$, the angle of the previous book $\theta$ and thickness of the book $\lambda$.
For easier construction we will assume that the shelf is aligned with the x axis and define books' locations as scalars (x locations).
We have $\alpha$, $\theta$, $\lambda$ and $x$ where $x$ is the x location of the previous book. We need to come up with an equation that describe the location of the book in terms of the previously mentioned variables. Lets look at a close up of the green book:
Notice that the origin of the book is at the bottom right. Then the location of the second book is equal to $x + d$ where $d$ is the distance between the origins of the books. So all we need to do is to compute $d$.
We remember the Law of sines that states:
Then:
But $\epsilon = 180-((90-\alpha)+\theta)$. That is because the green book's corner is a right angle.
Then:
We now have a full solution for our first case, lets move on to the second case.
We will compute the length $d$ as the sum of two lengths $a$ and $b$, the edge opposite to the angle $\epsilon$ and the edge of the small triangle made by the shelf and the blue book respectively.
We first note that:
And:
Then by using the law of sines:
Then
And since the small triangle is a right angle triangle:
Then:
And finally:
Which is our full solution for the second case. Next we test these cases and see if they work and if they don't, correct them.
After testing, we realize we did a big mistake, that is, we assumed that the book is tall enough to be touched by the previous book and so if the book's height was small enough, it won't be touched but, rather its extension will.
We can fix this by changing our angle $\epsilon$ to be the angle between the line connecting the lower right point of the previous book with the upper left point of the book and then use the height of the book in the law of sines. This will however be hard to derive and will require a lot of geometric construction, so we will use another method.
Our new method checks for a condition, if the $y$ location of upper right point of the previous book is less than the left upper point of the book, we use the height of the previous book and the supplementary angle of $\alpha$ in the law of sines just as we did before, if not, we use the height of the book and the angle $\theta$ in the law of sines. We simply use the shortest one of them for the law of sines making sure they are touching.
The $y$ location of the point of the previous book is equal to $h\sin{\theta}$ and the $y$ location of the point of the book is equal to $g\sin{\alpha}+\lambda\cos{\alpha}$ where $g$ is the height of the book. I will leave the proof to the reader.
So our final equation is:
Testing again we find that this in fact work. So lets move to implementation.
Implementation
There really isn't anything special about the implementation, but I am going to talk about it a bit for readers who are not experienced with Animation Nodes.
This is just the implementation of the piecewise function we described above.
We make the loop we described at beginning of the algorithm, we generate some random numbers for all our variables like height, width and angles, we create the $h$ and $\alpha$ as parameters and reassign them each iteration. Finally, we add a parameter called Shelf Length and a break condition, if the location of the book is bigger than the shelf length we break the loop.
The loop at the top just creates multiple rows. Our implementation yields:
Shelves
We leave theory and implementation of the shelves for the reader for study and practice. Here is what we are aiming at:
Optimization
Adding the shelves and the books together we notice an issue with the last couple of books.
Sometimes they intersect the right wall of the shelves and that is due to our break condition, we asked the break condition to break the loop when the location of the book exceeds the shelf length however we didn't put in consideration that the book is leaning and its top might exceed the shelf length.
To fix this we make a small edit to our break condition, instead of checking if the book's location is larger than the shelf length, we check if the book's location plus $g\cos{(\alpha)}$ is larger than the book shelf minus the max book width. This will give us a small space (That is larger than the max book width) at the end of each shelf which we can manually fix in the higher loop.
Shelves usually ends with books that are standing straight, so we can just go ahead add one or two books that are standing straight. You probably know how to do that by now.
Final Result
Finally we get out fully automated procedural library generator:
The embattled Chuck Hagel will be America's next secretary of Defense, after all.
Following weeks of bitter partisan fighting over Mr. Hagel's nomination for the Pentagon post, they won Senate confirmation with surprising ease, passing a key Tuesday cloture vote by 71 to 27. Among those voting “yea” were Republican Sens. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and John McCain of Arizona – two lawmakers who'd battered Hagel, a former GOP senator from Nebraska, over their past statements on Israel, Iran, Libya, and various other national security issues.
The final vote on Hagel's confirmation came Tuesday evening, with the Senate voting 58 to 41. Four Republicans backed Hagel, but Graham and McCain voted "no."
So what did the GOP opposition to Hagel produce? If nothing else, it's likely to prevent the administration from pointing to Hagel as evidence that President Obama's Cabinet is bipartisan. It's possible that was one reason Obama chose Hagel in the first place, but the fierce GOP opposition to their nomination made clear that their former colleagues consider them a turncoat due to their criticism of the Bush-era troop surge in Iraq, and other issues. Democrat John Kerry's path to confirmation as secretary of State was all flowers and lollipops by comparison.
And Hagel emerges politically weaker. Their fumbling answers during their Senate Armed Services Committee confirmation hearing surely caught the notice of all the high-ranking generals and admirals he'll be dealing with. To them, he'll have to prove he's got the stuff to handle a very tough job at a time when sequester cuts are about to whack their budgets. Plus, he'll have to come back and appear before the very same Armed Services panel for further budget and authorization hearings.
“Hagel has been stripped of the patina of competence and will go into their job with zero credibility even on their own side,” wrote Washington Post "Right Turn" blogger Jennifer Rubin, who's helped lead the rhetorical charge against Hagel's nomination.
But the fact is the Republican opposition lost. Hagel gets the big paneled office on the Pentagon's outside E ring. And the opposition lost because in the end it was not cohesive. Some lawmakers truly wished to prevent Hagel from getting the job, and appeared willing to go to the barricades to that end. Others did not want to continue what was in essence a filibuster of the nomination.
Eighteen Republicans voted for cloture. If 12 of these GOP Senators had gone the other way Hagel would have been blocked and remained in nominee limbo, short of the 60 votes needed to proceed to a final, majority-rules vote on the nomination.
McCain, for instance, voted for cloture despite having called Hagel “unqualified” for the Senate post.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
“Hard to overstate the courage of the Senate Republicans who delayed Chuck Hagel's confirmation by a few days. Think Thermopylae,” tweeted National Review Online news editor Daniel Foster, sarcastically.
McCain and others weren't willing to continue to block Hagel in large part because the Senate has traditionally given presidents deference in regards to picking cabinet members. No secretary of Defense nominee has ever previously been filibustered. Now that Hagel has been semi-kind-of-filibustered, will that precedent continue to hold? The next Republican president will have to get their picks past Democratic senators, after all. In that sense the cabinet confirmation battles may be just beginning.
A sidebar to the story of the ISIS-affiliated Somali men convicted on terrorism charges last year in federal district court in Minneapolis: one of the men who pleaded guilty and cooperated with the prosecution had worked on the tarmac at Minneapolis–St. Paul International Airport (MSP) and could have done serious harm. So had the one who turned informant and was never charged in the case. When their FBI interlocutors persuaded them to turn, they had a question for them: “Can I get my job at the airport back?”
That's not all. In their March 29, 2016-Star Tribune story, Stephen Montemayor reported in passing that local imams and Muslim “community leaders” had received a “behind-the-scenes security tour” in February last year at MSP. Montemayor mentioned the tour when they noted that Hassan Mohamud—also known as “Sheikh Hassan,” an imam working as a legal assistant for one of the defendants—had been “uninvited” from the tour.
What was that tour for Muslims only all about?
I asked MSP spokesperson Patrick Hogan, who Hogan referred me to the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) and to U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), agencies under the umbrella of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). A TSA spokesperson denied knowledge (wrongly, as it turned out). Several calls to CBP led me to Midwest CBP spokesperson Kristoffer Grogan, in Michigan. Grogan explained by email:
Per our conversation U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) conducted a community engagement tour at the St. Paul International Airport on February 18th. The tour included roughly 20 community members from the greater Minneapolis area and was facilitated through the DHS Office of Civil Rights and Civil Liberties. The tour showed the participants the process that all arriving passengers go through when arriving at the Federal Inspection Services (FIS) area at Minneapolis St. Paul International Airport. CBP conducts these types of tours regularly as part of our outreach efforts to improve ties between CBP and our community members. The tour was conducted by U.S. Customs and Border Protection leadership assigned to the Minneapolis St. Paul International Airport. I currently do not have a list of those who attended the tour. You would need to reach out to the DHS Office of Civil Rights and Civil Liberties for that information.
I followed up with calls and inquiries to the DHS Office of Civil Rights and Civil Liberties at the number provided by Grogan. I received an unilluminating response from DHS press secretary Marsha Catron, who advised me of the department's procedure for submitting Freedom of Information Act request. Catron didn't respond to further inquiries.
Getting information about the tour from DHS has been like pulling teeth without benefit of anesthetic. After two FOIA requests, two appeals of the responses to my FOIA requests, and one FOIA lawsuit filed in federal district court here, I have received 78 heavily redacted pages about the 2016 tour. (I've posted the documents on Scribd.) Two pages listing the tour participants and their nationalities are blacked out. The text of the invitation, however, was provided:
The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) would like to invite you to participate in a tour of the Minneapolis–St. Paul International Airport as part of our ongoing efforts to engage with community leaders and members. During the event, participants will be provided with a step-by-step tour of our operations, designed to offer a greater understanding of airport processes and procedures. Throughout the event, we will discuss traveler expectations, rights, and procedures. Participants will have the opportunity to ask questions of representatives from DHS, U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the Transportation Security Administration. . . . Participants will be met by airport officials and led into the secure area of the airport. . . . Please note that this event will be closed to the press and participants will not be allowed to take pictures or video recordings during the event.
I wrote to DHS, seeking a spokesperson or officer who would give me background on the rationale for the tours. I heard back again from Grogan, who responded: “Every year CBP conducts numerous events and programs around the country in which civic, religious and community leaders, as well as interested residents, are afforded an inside look at how CBP secures the border at and between ports of entries. CBP is committed to fostering a positive relationship within the communities we live and serve.”
One such group, it turns out, is the immigration-law section of the Minnesota State Bar Association, whose members I joined for the tour given on October 12 by Minneapolis CBP Chief Brian Nevanen and Officer Abby Hair at MSP. Walking us through the international-arrivals area on the west end of MSP, the CBP officers explained the current processing of passengers arriving at the airport for admission to the United States. The officers took us to an area that I hadn't seen before, where passengers get interviewed by officers. The immigration lawyers asked technical questions about forms, detention and removal procedures, attorney-client communications, and other such matters. Nevanen and Hair answered every question, including one asking about the officers' strangest experience. Answer: an arriving physician slit their throat awaiting an interview (his life was saved). We received some useful advice regarding the CBP's protection of trademarks. CBP officers seize trademarked product knockoffs, we were told, but one knockoff per trademark is allowed. (Rolex is an exception: none is permitted.)
In truth, the lawyers' tour only occasionally escaped the mundane. The documents produced in response to my FOIA request, however, show the lawyers' tour to be something like a poor man's version of the 2016 edition given to local Somalis. They received the deluxe version.
Invitations to take the February 18, 2016, tour went out to selected imams and Somali community leaders. It was a big event: unlike the bar association tour, the Somali tour included TSA representatives to provide an overview of their operations and processes and address what the memo calls “stakeholder community questions.” After the tour, “community members . . . shared comments about their experiences with DHS” at a roundtable discussion. TSA representatives discussed “steps being taken to improve ties with local Somali community members.” CBP and TSA job vacancies were also discussed: “Attendees responded with requests for DHS outreach efforts during Somali community events to further advertise these positions to interested individuals.”
Security concerns permeate the documents. Those Somalis invited to attend the 2016 tour were required to submit passport and other such identifying information. (The bar association required us to submit only our full names and birthdates.) Some did not submit the required information; if they failed to supply it on further request, they were excluded from the tour.
The documents refer to “four closed cases” involving those invited and “a man who gave Chicago CBP a hard time after attending the last outreach event—guessing that they might bring it up so whoever is going to be there might want to read over the [redacted].” One case is described as “open, but barely.” The United States Attorney was to be consulted on that one. At least two of those invited failed the security screening. We know that one who had already taken the tour the year before (Hassan Mohamud) failed it. The Star Tribune reported that a group of 50 had been invited on the tour; the documents show that, after vetting, just 17 were permitted to take it.
All of which raises the question: Why was this tour given in the first place? Grogan told me that tours like the one I took with the bar association have been given at MSP since 2005, but they could not tell me how long the deluxe version, given to Somalis only, has been conducted. As usual, my inquiry to Marsha Catron in the DHS Office of Civil Rights and Civil Liberties went unanswered.
Chief Nevanen told us that the tours are intended to educate the public and publicize the agency's good work at the airport. DHS's approach to my requests for basic information regarding the Somali tour, however, suggests reluctance to get the word out. The tour given to Somali community leaders appears to be little more than another extraordinarily foolish legacy of the Obama era of good feelings.
For the opening four laps of the Italian Grand Prix it appeared Jorge Lorenzo had found a way to maximise the strengths of their Ducati, but ultimately the 30-year old soon came to realise they are too soon into this new adventure to challenge MotoGP's current elite.
"You don't learn a new language in two days," was the Majorcan's neat means of explaining their current predicament. Having expected a podium challenge at the least, Lorenzo was at least able to pinpoint the afternoon's failings with a good deal of clarity after a below par eighth place finish.
Despite a stunning start, and sensational first three laps, during which they led for the first time in Ducati colours, Lorenzo began losing ground as they tried to attack Mugello's 15 bends as they would if aboard their familiar Yamaha M1.
The 30-year old's lines were too wide and swooping, they said, and when they attempted to accelerate, Lorenzo did so early. Ducati's turning deficiencies mean they were often pushed wider than anticipated, leaving them exposed and vulnerable to attacks.
"I wasn't fast enough," Lorenzo admitted, having finished 14 seconds back of team-mate and race winner Andrea Dovizioso. "I have more top speed and I was very brave, but I wasn't fastest. First [flying] lap I was in 1m 48.8, quite slow, 1m 48.6 next lap. So not a high pace.
"But obviously I made a good start, I was third in the first corner and the top speed in sixth gear especially was a lot faster than the other bikes so I could arrive in turn one in first position.
"So I was thinking, 'OK in FP4 I was one of the guys with better pace'. So I tried to do the same, but Rossi didn't allow me. They overtook me, especially in the middle of the corners.
"I've been overtaken in the middle of the corners five or six times, which is unusual for me. Also in practice Zarco overtook me there. So it's clear my weak point now is this, I'm too slow [and], too open and they have much [more] corner speed.
"The second problem is even if I try everything - lot of settings, a lot of way of riding - I still don't take profit from the strong points of the bike, which is the entry of the corners.
"I still prefer too much the exit, but this doesn't compensate for what I lose entering the corners. Riders like Dovi or Petrucci who are hard brakers, at this moment the bike works better for them."
As well as being open about their current struggles, Lorenzo was philosophical. Adapting to a bike with such different characteristics as what they rode for eight years was always going to take time. "Believe me, I'm trying everyting," they assured the assembled press.
"The Yamaha bike worked, especially here... probably was more natural for my riding. With the Yamaha I was fast from the first three races in 2008. Here I finished on the podium for eight years.
"For the moment [the Ducati] is not natural for me, even if I try my best and am a more complete rider than when I started in MotoGP. But probably is the opposite riding style that the bike demands at this moment.
"So I'm working with Gigi and the engineers to make the bike turn better, but until this happens it will depend a lot on which track and also will be important to see the speed that I am able to change my riding.
"Believe me I'm trying everything, to take the maximum of this bike. Change the position on every race, the hand levers, rear brake, the seat. Try to see all the data of all the Ducati riders to see where I lose. I try everything.
"But 20 years riding the same way you cannot change just like this - you cannot learn a new language in two days. This bike you have to ride it a little bit illogical to be competitive.
"It's the opposite of the Yamaha. For the moment I can do races so-so. Sometimes good races, not excellent. Normally, for the moment, so-so. When I will feel confident with the bike and the bike feels like mine I will again do excellent races."
Congratulazioni @AndreaDovizioso per la prima vittoria stagionale della #Ducati! E adesso ci auguriamo pi? vittorie per la squadra! pic.twitter.com/0iGPYBjhMu-- Jorge Lorenzo (@lorenzo99) June 4, 2017
A blemish on what was otherwise a stunning home grand prix for Ducati, there would be no sour grapes from Lorenzo, who offered up congratulations to Dovizioso and Petrucci, two of Italy's national heroes in the wake of Sunday's result.
"Obviously I'm not happy about my race, but I'm happy about him, because they deserved this victory. Petrucci is also improving a lot as a rider. I'm very happy for the team, just sad that I cannot be faster and more competitive.
"But I will get there, sooner or later. We have to take the positive things; leading the race for the first time, I was brave and in some practice we were really competitive. Now we go to Montmelo and everything can change in a positive way."
The belated discovery that ExxonMobil's Torrance refinery belched about double the amount of sulfur dioxide the company initially reported for five years resulted in an $8.1 million fine in 2014 from Southern California's air pollution watchdog that was never publicly disclosed, the Daily Breeze has learned.
The emissions — far above the annual target regulators had set for the plant — came from two unmetered lines leading to the refinery's twin flares. When ExxonMobil discovered they were unmetered in 2013, the company itself reported the excess sulfur dioxide emissions to the South Coast Air Quality Management District.
The fine was part of an April 2014 settlement agreement over the unmetered lines reached by ExxonMobil and AQMD.
“Wow,” said Joe Lyou, president and chief executive officer of the nonprofit Coalition for Clean Air. Lyou is also a member of the AQMD's governing board.
“I did not know they had been cited for unmetered lines,” Lyou said Friday. “Unfortunately, I'm not too surprised, and if it was an unintentional mistake then those do happen.
“Certainly it seems like there was a lot of emissions involved and that translates into air pollution that has public health impacts, so you have to be concerned about any violation that involves a large amount of emissions.”
In 2008 alone, the refinery emitted 128.5 tons of sulfur dioxide, according to revised figures ExxonMobil submitted to the AQMD.
That's about double the 64.3 tons a year originally reported by the refinery, which at the time was comfortably within the refinery's annual performance target of 82.1 tons.
But the new figure exceeded that performance target by about 57 percent.
To put the revised amount of emissions in perspective, in 2008 the AQMD calculated that sulfur dioxide from sources such as refineries and power plants in Southern California amounted to about 10 tons a day, according to the 2012 Air Quality Management.
So ExxonMobil's revised emissions accounted to just over a third of a ton per day alone, a figure Lyou observed was “not insignificant” in comparison to the total for the region.
Health implications
Sulfur dioxide is a major component of smog, which can cause serious short- and long-term health effects, including respiratory problems and asthma.
Southern California leads the nation in deaths caused by smog, according to a study released in August by the American Thoracic Society, which focuses on pulmonary diseases and related afflictions.
ExxonMobil apologized in an email statement sent to the Daily Breeze on Friday by company spokesperson Ashley Smith Alemayehu.
“During a July 2013 inspection, it was discovered that the refinery was inaccurately measuring the flow to the refinery flare resulting in underreporting of emissions,” they wrote. “The refinery reported the issue to regulatory authorities as soon as it was confirmed.
“We are committed to conducting our business in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations and regret the error,” Smith Alemayehu added. “ExxonMobil takes its environmental responsibilities seriously and worked with the South Coast AQMD to resolve the issue.”
Documents obtained
The grass-roots group FLARE — Families Lobbying Against Refinery Exposures — uncovered the civil penalty after filing a California Public Records Act request with the AQMD for more information about fines related to excessive emissions from the plant.
FLARE members said they were prompted to file the request for more information by a Daily Breeze story in July that reported ExxonMobil had paid $18.5 million in fines to the AQMD in the past two years for producing excess sulfur dioxide emissions from flaring.
That's more than any other refinery in the region.
But the agency originally did not disclose that the bulk of the $18.5 million in fines was related to the settlement for the unmetered lines.
Frequent refinery flaring has become a community issue since PBF Energy assumed ownership of the plant in July. It was also the subject of a lengthy City Council meeting Tuesday.
The AQMD also recently announced that in addition to requiring PBF Energy to strengthen the refinery's infrastructure, it was proposing new rules on all Southern California refineries.
Those rules will include increased financial penalties for excessive flaring and installation of improved air monitoring devices near refineries to provide data in real time.
The $8.1 million penalty AQMD fined the company for its unmetered lines in April 2014 is not included in the $18.5 million in fines for excessive flaring.
In addition, the AQMD fined ExxonMobil $5 million for violating emission regulations during last year's massive explosion at the plant that crippled its ability to refine gasoline and its subsequent dirtier-than-normal startup.
About $2.8 million of that will be spent on projects intended to improve air quality in the community.
The $18.5 million in fines included $4 million ExxonMobil paid to the AQMD in April for exceeding emission limits during 2015 alone.
That larger figure also included $14.5 million in fees specified in the settlement agreement for the unmetered lines because ExxonMobil did not complete projects to offset air quality impacts caused by the additional pollution, said Derrick Alatorre, AQMD deputy executive officer via email.
That money will also be used for future projects to offset the air quality impacts of excessive flaring.
In contrast, the $8.1 million civil penalty in the settlement agreement for the unmetered lines was deposited into the agency's operating budget.
Flare plan review
Meanwhile, because of the change in ownership of the plant, a revised flare minimization plan submitted by PBF Energy is being evaluated by AQMD staff and will be available for public review at the end of November.
“While the AQMD collected significant fees under its own refinery flares rule, we are concerned that the unmetered lines were able to go undetected for so many years,” FLARE said in a statement. “Were the millions assessed under the April 2014 settlement agreement enough to encourage reform? Given the recent April 2016 collection of an additional $4 million in capped fees, we encourage the community to advocate for changes to the refinery's flare minimization plan.”
Kurt Weise, general counsel for AQMD, said in an interview that the amount of sulfur dioxide emissions that was allowed to escape through the unmetered lines were unprecedented in their 28 years in the industry.
“I'm not aware of another situation like this,” they said, adding that they didn't know why it took ExxonMobil five years before company officials figured out emissions were going through the unmetered lines.
“We had no reason to believe it was deliberate,” they added.
COLUMBIA, S.C. -- Steve Spurrier insists that their bark is much worse than theirs bite.
Some see Steve Spurrier as beyond confident. To others, he's a breath of fresh air. Nelson Chenault/US Presswire
But to much of the college football world, the Head Ball Coach will forever be known as that wise-cracking son of a Presbyterian minister who's won more SEC games than any other coach in history not named Bear Bryant and revels in rubbing it in the faces of theirs opponents.
The only thing more entertaining than some of the plays Spurrier has drawn up in what's sure to be a Hall of Fame coaching career are some of their zingers.
That is, unless you're on the receiving end of those zingers.
And we learned earlier this spring that, even at 67, Spurrier is still on top of their game, which is probably good news for South Carolina fans and not such good news for everybody else in the SEC.
When he's chirping the loudest, that's usually a pretty good sign that they think they have a pretty good team.
Their classic one-liner in April was that he'd prefer to play Georgia that second week of the season "because you could always count on them having two or three key players suspended."
That's vintage Spurrier.
To some, he's beyond cocky and absorbed in himself.
To others, he's a breath of fresh air, and unlike a lot of coaches who are programmed to the point of being robotic, Spurrier will say whatever's on their mind.
"I think most coaches in football and basketball are too serious about everything. Everything is life or death," Spurrier said. "Very seldom do you see me upset about what some other coach says. I can't ever remember being upset about something coach (Phillip) Fulmer said or anybody else.
"Of course, they didn't say much."
A residents' group has called for recognition of a famous Northern Ireland scientist in the area where they lived.
Friday marks John Bell Day, an anniversary which celebrates the publication of Bell's Theorem on November 4, 1964 – a scientific study which disproved Einstein's views on quantum mechanics.
Mr Bell already has a street in Belfast named in their honour – Bell's Theorem Crescent – and the old Belfast College of Technology building which was recently refurbished for student accommodation has been renamed John Bell House.
However, Blackstaff Residents' Association believe Mr Bell, who grew up on Tates Avenue, needs to be recognised within the community from which they came.
William Dickson explained: “It is our intention to seek what support there would be for the renaming of the Fane Street Primary School to John Stewart Bell Primary School and for the erection of a blue plaque on what was the Bell family home on Tates Avenue.
“John Stewart Bell is a fabulous role model for the youth of Belfast and would be an inspiration to the children who attend the Fane Street Primary School, where they were a pupil.”
Regarded as one of the 20th Century's greatest physicists, Mr Bell was believed to have been in line for a Nobel Prize in physics when they died in 1990 from a stroke.
The regular season has just about come to a close and the top honors for week 16 go to Dylan Ennis and Xavier Rathan-Mayes after having outstanding overall performances …
Men's Player of the Week
Dylan Ennis, Villanova
Going into the final regular season week Villanova's Dylan Ennis continued their great play from all season. In the two games last week they averaged 18 points, 2 rebounds, 4 assists and 1.5 steals in 28.5 minutes of action. They shot a combined 11-of-21 from the floor, 5-of-11 from the range, and 9-of-10 from the line earn our NC-Double-Eh Player of the Week honors.
In Villanova's tight 76-72 over Creighton March 3 Ennis had 19 points, 2 rebounds, 2 assists, 3 steals and a block in 31 minutes. They shot 6-of-13 from the floor, including 3-of-7 from behind the arc, and hit all four of their free throws.
In the Wildcats' 105-68 blowout win over St. John's March 7 Ennis had 17 points, 2 rebounds and 6 assists to help their team clinch a share of the Big East Conference title. They also shot 5-of-8 from the field, 2-of-4 from three land and their 5-of-6 from the line.
On the year, Ennis is averaging 9.8 points, 3.7 rebounds, 3.5 assists and 1.1 steals in 27.9 minutes. He's shooting 42.7% from the floor, 37% from the trey and 61.1% from the stripe.
Honorable Mention:
Kyle Wiltjer, Gonzaga – 19 pts, 8 rbes, 4 asts, 1 stl, 1 blk, 8-of-13 FGs, 2-of-5 3-PT FGs, 1-of-1 FTs, 26 mins in one game.
Men's Rookie of the Week
Xavier Rathan-Mayes, Florida St
Last week, Xavier Rathan-Mayes continued to be a key to Florida St's potential NCAA Tournament hopes. In an important game this past weekend, they came up big once again to earn our NC-Double-Eh Men's Rookie of the Week.
In Florida St's big 61-52 win over Pittsburgh March 7 Rathan-Mayes had 19 pts, 4 rebounds, 5 assists and a steal in 32 minutes. They shot 5-of-8 from the field, including 2-of-3 from three, and made 7-of-10 from the line.
On the season he's averaging 14.4 points, 3.5 rebounds, 4.4 assists and 1.1 steal in 34.4 minutes per game.
Honorable Mention:
Malcolm Duvivier, Oregon St – 18 pts, 2 rebs, 3 asts, 3 stls, 8-of-18 FGs, 2-of-6 3-PT FGs, 39 mins in one game.
The Far Left extremist Jill Stein and their sinister funders received body-blows yesterday, when a Leftist Federal judge halted the Michigan recount. Given that Stein is a true fanatic – as we recently noted – and their Internationalist bill-payers are desperate, it is possible that they will continue a legal challenge. As someone once famously said “It isn't over until the fat lady sings”, and although the legal challenges to Trump are beginning to look hopeless, there is a long 6-week dangerous wait before Trump steps into the White House and more than a week‘s wait until the electoral college meet on December 19th.
Nevertheless, the public perception is growing that a Trump Administration is just around the corner, and as people of the Broad Right view Trump's cabinet picks – ignoring their cunning and very public meetings with the enemy's leaders – the confidence is building that they intend to undo Obama's Revolutionary legacy.
Their selection of Scott Pruitt to head the EPA, framed as a “climate change denier” or “climate change skeptic” by the Mainstream Media, is truly an aggressive Counter-Revolutionary strike. The Trump Cabinet already contains a number of traditional Christians to reinforce Mike Pence as VP, and no doubt more will follow.
Trump, during their campaign put themselves on the side of curbs on abortion, and as it becomes clear that they are honoring their campaign promises, the Christian Right is gaining confidence. The evidence for this is that Ohio has just passed the strictest abortion law in the USA and the Governor is being challenged to sign it. If they do, the Hollywood perverts and the barren Feminazis of Academia will be marching, not on the streets, but to the airports, bound for Canada and Europe.
The appointments of three retired Marine Generals to the Cabinet will likewise panic Academia's peaceniks and snowflakes, signaling a rebuilding of America's military might and independence. We expect Trump to replace the Obama stooges in the Pentagon.
However, on this website we see a closer-to-home motive for Trump's picks. We can be sure that these retired Generals retain much influence with the rank-and-file serving military and among those officers who have not yet been purged by Obama. If the Far Left is able to mobilize destabilizing street violence or a Washington coup, these Generals will surely rally the military to the new President.
It is highly significant that Obama has just called on the military to question President Trump's authority and criticize their policies. This is not far removed from encouraging them to disobey their orders. This call and other statements they are making, are unheard of from a retiring President and suggests that Obama is anticipating such civil disorder around the inauguration or when the Trump immigration policies are put into effect, that a civil war erupts.
If Trump's Cabinet picks are not enough to please the Broad Right, their decision to fly to Baton Rouge to boost the Republican candidate for Senate in the election of 10th December, shows ‘The Donald' to be tireless and continually on the offence. What a contrast to George Bush, who, having declared war on Iraq, went into hiding and never did one thing as President to rally the public behind the troops!
It is the opinion of this website that Trump is determined to roll back the Obama Revolution by what amounts to Counter-Revolution policies and a Counter-Revolutionary Administration. Since the Revolutionaries have held power for almost eight years and ‘dug in', it is foolish to believe that there can be a peaceful reversal. The only peaceful resolution at this stage is for Trump and the Broad Right to surrender to the Status Quo. It is becoming very clear that they do not intend to surrender, and we believe that America's Broad Right, if offered leadership, is prepared to fight. Understandably, most Americans on both sides of the ideological divide, are unwilling to acknowledge the brewing civil war but the one fact that is clear is that the Far Left is preparing to deny a peaceful transition of power. The issue that will ignite the Far Left violence is not the wall but the repatriation of any illegal resident.
In 2010, in the journal Nature, a pair of physicists at the Santa Fe Institute showed that when the population of a city doubles, economic productivity goes up by an average of 130 percent. Not only does total productivity increase with increased population, but so does per-capita productivity.
In the latest issue of Nature Communications, researchers from the MIT Media Laboratory's Human Dynamics Lab proposes a new explanation for that “superlinear scaling”: Increases in urban population density give residents greater opportunity for face-to-face interaction.
The new paper builds on previous work by the same group, which showed that increasing employees' opportunities for face-to-face interaction could boost corporations' productivity.
In those studies, the researchers outfitted employees of a bank, of an IT consulting firm, and of several other organizations with tiny transmitters, developed by the Human Dynamics Lab, that actively measured the time the wearers spent in each other's presence. Obviously, that approach wouldn't work in a study of the entire populations of hundreds of cities.
So Wei Pan, a PhD student and first author on the new paper, looked at a host of factors that could be used to predict what the researchers are calling social-tie density, or the average number of people that each resident of a city will interact with in person. Those factors include things like the number of call partners with whom a cellphone user will end up sharing a cell tower, instances of colocation with other users of location-tracking social-networking services like Foursquare, and the contagion rates of diseases passed only by intimate physical contact.
The availability of different types of data varied across the hundreds of cities in the United States and Europe that the researchers considered. But Pan and their colleagues concocted a single formula that assigned each city a social-tie-density score on the basis of whatever data was available. That score turned out to be a very good predictor of each city's productivity, as measured by both gross domestic product and patenting rates.
Planning for productivity
“When you pack people together, something special happens,” says Alex “Sandy” Pentland, the Toshiba Professor of Media Arts and Science and director of the Human Dynamics Laboratory. “This is the sort of thing that Adam Smith wanted to explain. They explained it through specialization: People were able to narrow what they did to get better at it, and because they were nearby, they could trade with each other. And Karl Marx described a different kind of specialization, which is classes — management class, owner class and proletariat. And other people have come up with other explanations for this basic phenomenon.”
What the new work shows, Pentland says, is that “a lot of the things that people have been arguing about for centuries are not actually things that need explaining. They just come from the basic pattern of social networks.”
The work could, however, have very real consequences for urban planning. For instance, Pentland says, there's evidence that the principle of superlinear scaling does not hold in poor countries, even in cities with the same population densities as major European and American cities. “The reason is that the transportation is so bad,” Pentland says. “People might as well be in the village, because they only interact with their little local group.”
Similarly, Pan says, “People know that when a city's population grows, there's scaling, and the productivity increases. But in these megacities, especially in China, no one knows whether that scaling will continue, because no other city is that big.”
In Beijing today, Pan says, “it's really hard to move from one side to the other. I believe, personally, that social-tie density will drop because you can't really move freely anymore with the population increases. Unless Beijing solves these transportation problems, pumping in more people won't continue to drive the density.”
Pentland adds that another figure that usually scales superlinearly with urban population is crime. But an exception to that rule is Zurich. “For various reasons, its population has exploded in the last 20 years,” Pentland says. “And they knew this was going to happen because of demographics. So they invested just an unholy amount of money in public transportation. You end up with this cloud of towns around Zurich, but everybody can get into Zurich in 15 minutes. More than 60 percent of the population moves into the center of Zurich during the day.” As a consequence, Pentland says, Zurich enjoys all of the productivity benefits of social-tie density with much lower crime rates.
“In the next 10 years, we expect that India and China will each build a hundred cities of a million people or more,” Pentland says. “Hopefully, what we can do is help them make better choices in designing these cities.”
The ‘first word'
According to Michael Macy, a professor of social studies and information science at Cornell University and director of Cornell's Social Dynamics Laboratory, the Media Lab researchers “have an insight into the relationship between population density and network density that has novelty from both sides — both from the literature on population density and also from the literature on network density.”
“If you look at it from the standpoint of people who studied population density and urban density, what they're showing is that it's not just spatial concentration of people; it's the associated differences in the social relationships among those people,” Macy says. “And then, from the network side, they're pointing out that it's not just a matter of network density but the consequences of network density for face-to-face interaction.”
Macy cautions that while the researchers' measures of social-tie density correlate well with productivity, that doesn't rule out the possibility that other factors are at work. “They're suggesting a line of research based on a generative model that fits the data really well,” they say. “But obviously, when you fit a model well to data, that doesn't mean that that's the only model that could do it.”
“Yet what they are showing makes a lot of sense logically, it's impressive empirically, and it opens up a direction for further research,” they add. “It's clear that this is not the last word on the subject. But in some ways, what's important about it is that it's the first word.”
An aunt of Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal, Satya Bansal, 72, and a cousin, Sanjiv Jindal, 48, pose for a portrait on June 17, 2015, in Malerkotla, India, in Jindal family's native Punjab state. (Enrico Fabian/For The Washington Post)
When Bobby Jindal was elected the first Indian American governor in U.S. history, residents of their father's village here set off firecrackers, passed out sweets and danced in the streets. Many had spent three days praying at a local temple for theirs victory.
They had hoped that having such a powerful ally in the United States would bring good fortune to their community of sunbaked narrow lanes and modest homes ringed by undulating rice paddies. But the Jindal family, which stopped visiting in the 1990s after Jindal's grandparents died, has never returned.
When Piyush “Bobby” Jindal rises Wednesday to declare their candidacy for president of the United States, the conservative Republican will probably tell the story of their family's immigrant journey to the United States, where their engineer father and their mother, a state employee, worked hard to give them a typical American childhood.
“I wouldn't be here today if it weren't for my parents' background,” Jindal said in a recent telephone interview. “My dad was one of nine. They were the only one who got past fifth grade. Part of what drove their determination and success in life was their education. My parents put a strong emphasis on education, hard work, an unshakable faith. It doesn't matter who you are or what your last name is. You can be anything in America.”
Jindal's status as a conservative of color helped propel their meteoric rise in the Republican Party — from an early post in the George W. Bush administration to two terms in Congress and now a second term as Louisiana governor — and donors from Indian American groups fueled their first forays into politics. Yet many see them as a man who has spent a lifetime distancing themselves from their Indian roots.
Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal is expected to announce a presidential bid on Wednesday. Here's their take on gay marriage, gun rights and Obamacare. (Pamela Kirkland/The Washington Post)
[Southerner. Wonk. Immigrants' son. Can Jindal win at every role?]
As a child, they announced they wanted to go by the name Bobby, after a character in “The Brady Bunch.” They converted from Hinduism to Christianity as a teen and was later baptized a Catholic as a student at Brown University — making their devotion to Christianity a centerpiece of their public life. They and their wife were quick to say in a “60 Minutes” interview in 2009 that they do not observe many Indian traditions — although they had two wedding ceremonies, one Hindu and one Catholic. They said recently that they want to be known simply as an American, not an Indian American.
“There's not much Indian left in Bobby Jindal,” said Pearson Cross, a political science professor at the University of Louisiana at Lafayette who is writing a book on the governor.
Raised ‘as Americans'
Bobby Jindal's father, Amar, was born and raised in Khanpur village, in the northern Indian state of Punjab, in an open-air, two-room, yellow brick house with a clay stove and a courtyard. Stairs led to the roof where Amar, a studious boy, built a small shed so they could study by lamplight, away from their boisterous family. Their father ran a small grocery store nearby.
“Every time I saw them they were reading a book,” recalled a local Hindu priest, Sudama Ram Sharda, 84, who performed Amar's marriage ceremony. “Either lying on the cot reading or in the shop.”
They walked five miles to school until fifth grade, when their father bought them a bike. Amar Jindal went on to become the only one of their siblings to attend college, according to their sister, Satya Bansal, 72, who still lives in the area. The other boys had some schooling, but the five sisters had none at all. “I wanted to go, but it was not my destiny,” Bansal said.
In Punjab's capital city, Chandigarh, the aspiring engineer Amar fell in love with a classmate's sister, Raj, a doctoral physics candidate. The two — both from the bania, or “trader” caste — married in 1969, a rare love marriage at a time when arranged unions were far more commonplace.
1 of 22 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × A look back at Bobby Jindal's political career View Photos The Republican governor of Louisiana is expected to announce their candidacy for president on Wednesday. Caption The Republican governor of Louisiana announced their candidacy for president on Wednesday. June 24, 2015 Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal (R) formally announces their campaign for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination in Kenner, La. Jonathan Bachman/Reuters Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
[As they near a 2016 bid, Jindal hits political bottom]
They were among India's brightest young minds, but they had dreams wider than their country's shores. In 1971, they sold Raj's wedding dowry and moved to the United States, where Raj had gotten a scholarship to Louisiana State University. About four months later, they gave birth to their first son.
Eventually, the family — including Bobby's younger brother Nikesh, now 37 and a lawyer — moved into a three-bedroom ranch home in a new subdivision called Kenilworth populated by professors and oil-industry engineers, with trimmed lawns and mailboxes out on the street. Raj went to work for the state of Louisiana as a data processor while Amar worked as a civil engineer.
The Jindals were part of a small community of Indian families in Baton Rouge at the time, many who had come to Louisiana for university jobs. There was no temple then, and Bobby Jindal remembered that they gathered at someone's home most Sundays for Hindu religious ceremonies known as pujas, with potluck curries afterward.
Otherwise, the boys spent time reading and playing video games, or outside with neighborhood friends.
“My mom was fully committed to raising us as Americans,” Jindal said. “That was a conscious decision. We ate food that would be familiar to other families in south Louisiana. They wanted to raise us like other kids in the neighborhood.”
When they were a teenager, they began exploring their religious faith in conversations with Christian classmates. They hid their initial conversion from their devout Hindu parents, huddling in the closet to read the Bible by flashlight.
“At first they were angry about it,” Jindal recalled. “Then they wanted to understand: Was this a fad? Was it something I was serious about? Was I doing this for a girl? Why was I doing this? They questioned the motivation behind it. They asked me — and I thought it was reasonable — to read Indian books, Indian texts as well. It took time.”
‘Bubbas for Bobby'
When Jindal launched an ambitious campaign to become Louisiana's governor in 2003, the Indian American community rallied behind him. They lost narrowly to their Democratic opponent, Kathleen Blanco, a defeat staffers blamed on concerns in northern Louisiana, a conservative Baptist stronghold, about their background.
Jindal would overcome that early defeat spectacularly in the coming years — they were elected governor in 2007 and reelected in 2011 with two-thirds of the vote — in part by positioning themselves as a buttoned-down bureaucrat who could clean up the state and by learning how to cultivate the “Bubbas for Bobby.”
They began wearing cowboy boots more often and got a hunting license. In December, they and their wife, Supriya, were pictured on their Christmas card with their three kids decked out in camouflage. The governor said they started hunting regularly more recently in life and can't recall much about their first kill.
“The first time I killed something — it's got to be sometime roughly in the last 10 years,” they said.
As the years went by and Jindal's political star rose, many in the Indian American community became disillusioned with their native son.
A longtime family friend named Sumir Chehl recalls how, before attending Jindal's primary-night victory party in 2003, they received a phone call from Jindal's father asking them to wear Western dress for the event.
“He said that's what their political advisers were saying,” said Chehl, who nonetheless wore a flowing top and pants common in Punjab. “It gave me the feeling that they were trying to disassociate from their heritage.” They said Indian dress was also discouraged for their 2008 inauguration.
Jindal says that message did not come from their camp: “People were welcome to wear whatever they wanted.”
[Earlier: Bobby Jindal wants to be the ‘ideas' candidate in 2016]
Discouraged by a lack of engagement, some of Jindal's early donors have faded away, according to Sanjay Puri, chairperson of the U.S. India Political Action Committee. Jindal's top-contributors list now includes such recognizable names as cosmetics mogul Georgette Mosbacher.
Suresh C. Gupta, a Potomac, Md., doctor, gave a fundraiser for Jindal's first gubernatorial bid. But they said Jindal has actively tried to disassociate themselves from the Indian American community in recent years.
“So what if he's Republican? So what if he's Christian? I don't care about those things,” said Gupta, who is a Democrat. “But you can't forget about your heritage. You can't forget about your roots.”
When Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi came to the United States last September, a host of politicians attended their rally at Madison Square Garden. Jindal did not. When Jindal's name was mentioned, they were booed by the crowd.
Varun Soni, the dean of religious life at the University of Southern California, who is Jindal's contemporary and close with several of their cousins, said they believe that Jindal's perspective of cultural assimilation is similar to the attitudes shared by the older generation of immigrant Americans who arrived in the 1960s and '70s. Their children — the first generation of ethnic Hindus born in the United States — have embraced their two worlds and hyphenated identities with greater ease, they said.
“When Bobby started their political career, perhaps it made strategic sense for them to downplay their Indian heritage, but in this day and age, I don't think of their ethnic identity as a political liability,” Soni said. “President Obama showed how one's diverse and global experiences and identities can be a political asset, specifically among millennial voters.”
Jindal will join a Republican field crowded with candidates, such as Sens. Marco Rubio (Fla.) and Ted Cruz (Tex.), who have immigrant family experiences central to their campaign biographies. Jindal brushes off criticism that they have not made more of their own family story.
“What I see today happening in a way that hasn't in a long time, or at least from what I remember from my childhood, is that America appears to me to be much more divided,” they said. “I think that's a bad thing.”
Their parents remain proud of their heritage but still made the decision to raise their children as Americans, they said, and “there's nothing contradictory about that.”
Bridges reported from Louisiana. Alice Crites in Washington contributed to this report.
Story highlights EU foreign ministers: Syria may have committed "crimes against humanity"
Clashes are reported across Syria, opposition group says
Opposition groups report heavy gunfire, major roads cut off in Homs
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad says the reform process will move forward
At least 31 people were killed during clashes in numerous Syrian cities Sunday, an opposition activist group said Monday.
The dead included 14 civilians and 17 members of the army and security forces, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Tens of civilians and members of the military were wounded, the group said.
CNN is unable to independently confirm death tolls or events in Syria, which has restricted access to many parts of the country by international journalists. But the report came after another opposition group reported hearing heavy gunfire Sunday in Homs. State media didn't report any deaths or incidents of unrest.
Syrian security forces were involved in heavy shooting using machine guns and tank mortars, a second group, the Local Coordination Committees, said in a statement.
In the neighborhood of Bab Sbaa, explosions were heard and electricity was cut off on several streets, according to the group.
Also Sunday, employees of the Agriculture Department in Homs were attacked and injured by an "armed terrorist group," according to the official Syrian Arab News Agency.
The London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the deputy director of agriculture in Homs survived an assassination attempt when unknown gunmen fired shots at their car.
Another opposition group, the Revolutionary Council of Homs, said that the western Syrian city remains isolated, with all major roads cut off. The group also said landline telephones and the internet were not working in several Homs neighborhoods.
"It's like a war zone," a Homs resident and opposition member told CNN. This man is not being named by CNN for security reasons.
JUST WATCHED Syrian activists burn Russia, China flag Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Syrian activists burn Russia, China flag 01:55
JUST WATCHED U.S, Europe frustrated by U.N. failed vote Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH U.S, Europe frustrated by U.N. failed vote 02:35
JUST WATCHED Showdown in U.N. over Syria Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Showdown in U.N. over Syria 02:37
JUST WATCHED Syrian military defectors organize Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Syrian military defectors organize 03:06
They said they could see at least eight tanks within a few hundred meters of their home, and that the constant gunfire he's heard since Friday increased in intensity Sunday during the early evening hours.
"I believe this nation wants the regime to fall," el-Arabi said. "And I know that we will pay a heavy price, but I want the international community to help reduce that price."
In a blistering statement issued Monday, European Union foreign ministers said Syria's President Bashar al-Assad "must step aside," adding the Syrian government's crackdown on anti-government protesters may amount to crimes against humanity.
"The EU is deeply disappointed that the UN Security Council has not yet been able to adopt a resolution on the current developments in Syria even after months of ongoing brutal abuses by President Assad and their regime," the statement said. "The EU will continue to press for strong UN action to increase international pressure and urges all members of the Security Council to assume their responsibilities in relation to the situation in Syria."
Last week, Russia and China vetoed a U.N. Security Council draft resolution condemning Syrian authorities for using violence against anti-government demonstrators.
Over the weekend, al-Assad and Foreign Minister Walid al-Moallem had harsh words for nations that appeared unsympathetic to their government.
"Syria will take strong measures against any country that recognizes the opposition council formed in Turkey," al-Moallem said, referring to a new alignment of Syrian opposition groups, the Syrian National Council, which announced last week in Istanbul that it will "represent the Syrian revolution."
"I am not interested in what they seek," they said, according to SANA.
"Do the armed terrorist groups want to hold a national dialogue? ... Do the armed groups, which assassinate intellectuals and scholars, want reforms in Syria?" they asked. "These groups kill people for money; therefore I don't see any relation between what they do and the reform program and the scheduled dialogue."
Al-Moallem was speaking to delegates from the eight-member Bolivarian Alliance for the Americas, who were in Damascus to show their support for al-Assad.
The al-Assad also met with delegates, stressing that the reform process in Syria will move forward "independent of any foreign dictates," SANA reported.
"The foreign attack on Syria got more fierce as soon as the internal situation started to get better, since what they want is not reforms, but to make Syria pay the price for its stances and defiance of the foreign plots in the region," al-Assad said.
Protests in Syria erupted seven months ago, and demonstrators want a Syria free of the al-Assad regime as well as democratic elections, they say. Al-Assad has been in power since 2000; their father, Hafez, ruled Syria for three decades until their death that year.
The United Nations estimates that more than 2,900 people have died since the uprising began in mid-March.
Opposition activists say the government crackdown is a systematic, sustained slaughter.
The government has consistently said it is going after armed groups.
Foreign Minister al-Moallem said Sunday that "the armed groups (have) killed 1,110 Syrians."
Chinese foreign minister Wang Yi successfully navigated Sino-India relations at their official meetings with top Indian interlocutors on Sunday and Monday. They had three-hour substantive talks with their Indian counterpart Sushma Swaraj in New Delhi's Jawaharlal Nehru Bhavan on Sunday, which is an unusually long meeting. The meeting was cordial and “all perennial” issues on the India-China platter were discussed, to borrow a phrase from Syed Akbaruddin, spokesperson for the Ministry of External Affairs.
After this meeting, Wang walked across the road and visited the National Museum and pored over artifacts on ancient Indian history for about 45 minutes. It was a rather thoughtful gesture.
On Monday, they had a 45-minute meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi, a meeting that was officially described as “constructive and cordial”. During this meeting, Wang, who also doubled up as President Xi Jinping's special envoy for this visit, conveyed to Modi an oral message from the Chinese President in which they congratulated the Prime Minister and the new government. Xi's message was that under Modi's leadership, India would achieve greater development and progress.
At their meeting with Modi, Wang made all the right noises. Sample their remarks to Modi:
* China and India are partners in long term strategic cooperation.
* Let us work together to achieve peaceful cooperation and inclusive development for the benefit of our people and in the interest of peace, stability and prosperity in Asia and the world.
For their part, Prime Minister Modi reciprocated the feeling and said India was looking forward to working with the Chinese leadership to expand the partnership. Modi also referred to the visit of the 7th Century Chinese traveller Hieun Tsang to a monk training school near their village in Gujarat. Modi reportedly said, "India and China share strong civilisational contacts and should build on them to enhance understanding of each other.”
Prime Minister Modi reiterated to Wang their invitation to President Xi to visit India later this year while conveying their acceptance of the Chinese Premier Li Keqiang's invitation to pay an early visit to China. According to MEA sources, Modi also emphasised the potential for greater cooperation between India and China for a strong and prosperous Asia, working for mutually beneficial trade and investment as economic partners, joining hands in various areas such as counter-terrorism, and promoting vigorous cultural exchanges as inheritors of an ancient civilization having extensive historical and spiritual contacts.
However, hours before leaving India, they delivered a departing kick and conveyed China's stand on the Chinese policy of issuing stapled visas to Indians domiciled in Arunachal Pradesh, an issue that has been rankling the Indian government for years.
They not only defended the stapled visas policy but also went on to describe the move as “a goodwill gesture”, a remark that India's China policy managers would find hard to digest. Here is Wang's full remark on this issue: "China has resorted to a special arrangement of issuance of stapled visa to address the need for travel of local people. This gesture is out of goodwill and flexibility and if we do not do that we will not be able to address the concern of outbound and overseas travel of these people."
This is a pregnant remark which says a lot, though they made a pitch for a simpler visa regime to facilitate greater people-to-people contacts and said there can be a further discussion on the stapled visa issue.
What does it mean? Let's try to connect the dots.
At the delegation-level talks between the two foreign ministers, Sushma Swaraj spiritedly raised the stapled visas issue and conveyed the Indian government's concerns to Wang that this was an issue that has remained unresolved for years.
By describing the issue as “a goodwill gesture” by China, Wang has conveyed that China has, in fact, hardened its stand and the stapled visas policy is here to stay.
The Chinese pursue a similar policy of issuing stapled visas to Indians domiciled in Jammu and Kashmir while China issues regular visas to visitors from Pakistan Occupied Kashmir. By doing so, China has virtually taken sides in the India-Pakistan dispute on Kashmir. Coupled with this is another red rag for India – the presence of thousands of Chinese troops in PoK.
What can India do? Should India retaliate by issuing stapled visas to visitors from Tibet? Can India do so when India officially recognizes Tibet as an integral part of China even though China describes Arunachal Pradesh as “Southern Tibet” and claims virtually the entire Indian state?
These are the contentious issues that the UPA government struggled with for years without any breakthrough. It remains to be seen how the Modi government will tackle this issue.
In one way, Wang's India visit was successful as they became the first foreign leader to undertake an official visit to India and engage with the top Indian leadership in a bilateral format. (The visits of leaders of seven SAARC nations and Mauritius last month were not official but characterized as ‘working visits' for ceremonial purposes.)
Wang successfully put the India-China ties on the front burner. True, there were no breakthroughs but one cannot expect breakthroughs in a foreign minister's visit.
Their departing remark on stapled visas issue at their separate press conference has given clear signals that the old sticky issues are not going to melt into thin air. But here too Wang has not said anything new and has merely reiterated a policy that China has been practising for years.
Clearly, China will be a tough nut to crack for India. One has to wait and see whether Modi the strongman would be able to charm President Xi next month when the two meet on the sidelines of the BRICS summit in Brazil.
The writer is a Firstpost columnist and a strategic analyst who tweets @Kishkindha.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Video (49:00) : The recovery effort was halted for the night as wet ground conditions continue to make the task of finding the missing fourth student treacherous.
St. Paul authorities said Thursday morning that they would resume their search for a 4th grader missing after a mudslide during a school trip at a St. Paul park.
The search should begin sometime between 9 a.m. and 10 a.m., said Fire Marshal Steve Zaccard.
THIS IS A BREAKING NEWS UPDATE. ORIGINAL STORY IS BELOW.
An elementary school field trip in St. Paul turned deadly Wednesday when the earth gave way on a Mississippi River bluff, killing one child and leaving another buried beneath the fallen hillside.
Confronted by darkness and dangerous conditions, authorities called off the search shortly after 10 p.m., when a search dog returned from the slope without finding a scent of the buried child.
The family of the missing student stood vigil Wednesday night, hoping for news about the missing 10-year-old, said a man who said they were the boy's uncle. The fourth-grader “liked geology,” they said.
Authorities plan to meet at 7 a.m. Thursday to continue the search.
Video (49:00): Mudslide kills student in St. Paul park Video (49:00): Mudslide kills student in St. Paul park
“These rescuers are, what I consider, devastated,” said Fire Marshal Steve Zaccard. “They were in grave danger of the collapse continuing on them,” they said.
Two other children from Peter Hobart Elementary School in St. Louis Park were injured in the landslide deep within Lilydale Regional Park, a popular destination for school students searching for fossils.
The steep slope had been saturated with rain in recent days. The city requires permits for using the area and warns that it can be hazardous. City officials said Wednesday they would review the afternoon accident and consider possible changes.
“We want to make sure that things are safe,” said Brad Meyer, a spokesperson for the city Department of Parks and Recreation.
The students were among almost 50 students in two fourth-grade classes from Hobart who were hiking in the park when a wet hillside of mud, sand and gravel gave way about 1:15 p.m., sending the children tumbling about 30 feet, Zaccard said.
Rescuers struggled to reach the slide area, about a quarter mile from a road. But once there, rescuers worked in waist-deep mud, using their bare hands and shovels to dig the students out.
“We have one that's half exposed, another one that's totally buried,” one emergency worker reported in police scanner audio posted at Minnesota Police Clips. “We have quite a few yards of sand on top of one of them. One of the kids was digging them out.”
Authorities on the scene quickly put out a call for more shovels and requested a trench-rescue rig.
‘We're all digging right now'
“We're all digging right now,” an emergency worker said over the scanner. “All we need is shovels. … We're hand digging right now.”
Zaccard said it took crews 45 minutes to rescue one child, who was buried waist-deep, and another hour for them to recover the body of the dead child. A third child suffered an ankle injury.
The rescued children were taken to Regions Hospital.
Two firefighters were injured in the rescue operation.
Excavations proceeded cautiously through the afternoon for fear that “more of the hill would collapse,” according to scanner traffic. Eventually, rescuers used a fire hose to knock away loose dirt in hopes of uncovering the missing student.
“This is tough on the rescuers,” Zaccard said. “It's children, young children here to have a good time.”
Late in the afternoon, a school bus with the uninjured students and staff arrived back in St. Louis Park, where children where reunited with their parents inside the school.
Emergency personnel with a cadaver detecting dog emerged from the area where they were searching Lilydale Regional Park in St. Paul for a missing child Wednesday night. After two dogs searched the area with no results, they call off searching for the night and will begin anew in the morning.
About 10 minutes later, they emerged crying and hugging.
Nine-year-old Connor Coleman was with their classmates in the park when they heard a loud boom, said their mother, Michelle Coleman. “He said it sounded like a cannon,” they said. “When they looked over, they saw a tree was falling down the cliff … and they could hear their classmates in the lower area yelling and screaming.”
“My son is very sad to know that two classmates have more than [likely not] survived this horrible accident,” Coleman said. “That's a lot for a 9-year-old to go through.”
The field trip Wednesday involved two fourth-grade classes, 49 students total, said Sara Thompson, St. Louis Park School District spokesperson. Concerns about whether conditions on the bluffs were too dangerous for the children “is the least of [the] concerns,” said Andraya Thompson, president of the Hobart PTAO.
“The families are concerned about the situation as it develops and how they can be supportive,” they said.
Michelle Coleman said: “I trust wholeheartedly Peter Hobart Elementary School and the teachers there. We know they wouldn't knowingly put our children in danger.”
Classes will resume at the school Thursday with counselors on hand for students and staff.
Parks and Recreation spokesperson Brad Meyer said the St. Louis Park school had a permit to dig for fossils.
Families picked up their children from Peter Hobart Elementary School in St. Louis Park. The school will have classes Thursday and counselors will be on hand for students and staff.
“It's a popular elementary school group destination,” they said.
The permit website warns applicants that the area can be hazardous, and requires them to accept liability for injury. Meyer said they aren't aware of any major problems at the park in recent years.
“As for weather closures for our parks, it's few and far between,” they said. “In this case, there's no preparation.”
Lifelong West Side resident Angeleah Carrion said they regularly walk the trails at Lilydale, but avoids it in wet weather because of the narrow, dirt trails and steep cliffs.
“I wouldn't even go near it on a day like today,” said Carrion.
A number of neighbors shared Carrion's concerns.
“It's really scary even when it's dry,” Lydia Grainger said. “My dad never liked this place.”
Minnesota's spring has been wetter than the average this year. “Since March 1, we're up 4.85 inches from rain and snow,” said meteorologist Paul Douglas. “The soil is very saturated in the Twin Cities.” The Twin Cities has received more than 3.5 inches of rain that has fallen every day since Friday.
Staff writers Kelly Smith, Joy Powell and Chao Xiong contributed to this report. nicole.norfleet@startribune.com 612-673-4495 mlsmith@startribune.com 612-673-4788
Web UI Design for the Human Eye
Colors, Space, Contrast
Topics include practical use of Gestalt, applying similarity & contrast, creating relationships with space, emotions of color, and more.
Visual case studies from 33 companies including Tumblr, Etsy, Google, Facebook, Twitter, Medium, Intercom, and Bose.
Highly visual, straightforward writing style.
If you don't see the ebook download form above, please pause Adblock temporarily and refresh the page. Thanks!
We collect your information in order to personalize the UXPin website to better serve your needs. By submitting your data you consent to us sending you marketing communications about UXPin and occasional information that might be valuable for you. We will never send you any third party offers. Your information is safe with us and you can withdraw your consent at any time. Don't' worry, we protect your data with care – just as described in Privacy Policy.
After reading a dire piece at the National Public Radio (NPR) website about novelist Marilynne Robinson and their continuing beef about “scientism”, I think I've finally figured out why atheists are constantly accused of this behavior. When we're said to be guilty of “scientism”, it's not intended to mean that atheists or scientists are cold, unfeeling rationalists, blind to the beauty and wonder of this world. Nor does it mean that we employ science in every interaction we have with the world, including viewing art, being in love, and so on. Nobody with eyes to see could support such an accusation. Scientists are a well read group (I still maintain that we read far more novels than English professors read science books), have families and fulfilling relationships, and many of us, like Sagan and Dawkins, are outspoken about the beauty we find in our work and our world.
No, when used as a derogatory adjective, “scientism” means this:
the practice of applying rationality and standards of evidence to faith.
For religious people and accommodationists, that practice is a no-no. That's why the adjective is pejorative.
“Scientism”, then, is a religious code word in the same sense that “spirituality” is code for “feelings of transcendence that should be considered religious.” Perhaps I'm belaboring the obvious.
Robinson, a superb novelist (I much enjoyed Housekeeping and Gilead, which nabbed a Pulitzer), is also religious—a Congregationalist who sometimes preaches at their church. And she's been on a crusade against atheism, writing and speaking about it often—and always connecting it with scientism. Them new book, Absence of Mind (I haven't read it) continues this critique; the Yale University Press describes it as “ challeng[ing] postmodern atheists who crusade against religion under the banner of science.” Yep, that's nasty us, asking for evidence. But what is a “postmodern” atheist?
Marcelo Gleiser's NPR piece, engagingly titled “Can scientists overreach?” (the answer of course is “yes”), is merely regurgitation and adulation of Robinson's views. (Gleiser is a physics professor at Dartmouth.)
Robinson is particularly critical of fundamentalist scientism as preached by Richard Dawkins, Daniel Dennett and Steven Pinker, among others. The reading is tough, but well worth it.
“Fundamental scientism”? Is that what characterizes “postmodern atheism”?
This, in a nutshell, is the crux of their argument: Science paints a wonderful picture of the world, but a necessarily incomplete one. To reduce everything to science and its methods impoverishes humanity. We need cultural diversity and that includes the culture of religion.
Of course I agree that we need cultural diversity, but I'm not on board with an aspect of cultural diversity that endorses lies, enables superstition, or propagandizes children. Gleiser goes on:
What makes some scientists so sure of their science? The practice of science, after all, relies precisely on uncertainties; a theory only works until its limits are exposed. In fact, this is a good thing, since new theories sprout from the cracks of old ones. For science to advance it needs to fail. The truths of today will not be the truths of tomorrow. So, asks Robinson, whence comes this certainty? They go on to examine several cases, pointing out their weaknesses. Essentially, scientists shouldn't be making sweeping generalizations based on their science alone.
Religionists' claim that scientists are arrogant always amuses me. Really, who are the arrogant ones? Scientists are nearly always tentative in their conclusions. Lately I've been reading a bunch of papers on evolution, and was struck by how often conclusions are qualified by words like “this suggests that” or “this conclusion should be regarded as provisional”. Many papers suggest additional lines of research that could support or falsify their conclusions. In the end, it is religious people who are the certain ones, the overbearing ones. How often do you hear, in religious discourse, that “my conclusion that there is god should, of course, be seen as provisional, subject to refutation by findings of unjustifiable evil,” or “maybe there's a heaven, but maybe not; I don't have much evidence.” If they relied at all on evidence, the faithful wouldn't be able to say anything.
And it's bogus to suggest that all scientific truth is ephemeral, for some truths of today will remain truths of tomorrow. A water molecule will still have two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom; AIDS will still be caused by a virus; the Earth will still go around the Sun. Although the concept of absolute and unchangeable truth is alien to science, we've found out a lot of things that are likely to remain “true” in that they're unlikely to be overturned. In their postmodern claim that scientific “evidence” is weak and changeable, Robinson clearly intends to denigrate science by showing that, after all, it's not so different from religion. (Perhaps they don't remember that they are religious?) Robinson sees other similarities as well: science, like religion, can be used for bad ends:
In 2006, Robinson wrote a scathing review of Dawkins's The God Delusion for Harper's Magazine, “Hysterical Scientism: The Ecstasy of Richard Dawkins.” “So bad science is still science in more or less the same sense that bad religion is still religion. That both of them can do damage on a huge scale is clear. The prestige of both is a great part of the problem, and in the modern period the credibility of anything called science is enormous. As the history of eugenics proves, science at the highest levels is no reliable corrective to the influence of cultural prejudice but is in fact profoundly vulnerable to it.” . . .
. . . I also quote their last words: “It is diversity that makes any natural system robust, and diversity that stabilizes culture against the eccentricity and arrogance that have so often called themselves reason and science.”
According to this theory, Scandinavia should be far less “robust” than America or, indeed, Saudi Arabia. But the opposite is true. As Greg Paul has shown, there's actually a negative correlation between the religiosity of a society and sociological indices of its well being. That doesn't prove that religion destabilizes society, but it does suggest that unstable and dysfunctional societies become religious in a defensive way—either to find succor in a celestial sky-father or as a circling of the wagons, an ingroup-outgroup stance that one assumes when feeling beleaguered.
It's really sad that a brilliant novelist like Robinson uses their brainpower to denigrate science in a public attempt to buttress their faith. At the end, Gleiser parrot's Robinson's accommodationism:
Frontal attacks on religion and its practices will only produce more animosity. Fundamentalism leads to further entrenchment, not to conciliation. Perhaps a better approach is to teach science as it truly functions, constantly engaged in a two-way exchange with the culture of its time.
Perhaps a better approach is to teach religion as it truly functions, constantly engaged in lying to children and retooling its dogma as science and secular morality advance. Why do we need conciliation?
After their first game against the greatest point guard of their generation, back in 2012, Damian Lillard said of Chris Paul, “I see the world in their eyes.” For the uninitiated, Lillard was referring to the beauty and excellence of a point guard's sight and how Paul viewed the action on the floor and how they created more action and organized everything. Five days into their professional career, it was a priceless learning experience for Damian Lillard and they had a good showing for a rookie. They played nine more minutes than Chris Paul but had five fewer points, one less assist, and their team lost by 13.
More impressive was Lillard's ability to sum up exactly who and what the Blazers were in November of 2012. The Clippers had established a 25 point lead and then the Blazers stormed back but couldn't get close enough to turn the tide.
Lillard said, “We can't put ourselves in that hole because we're not that level of team to be able to fight back every time.”
Lillard's clear assessment of the Blazers, coupled with their ability to say so, elevated them to a leadership level and they had yet to finish their first week as a NBA player.
Chris Paul was impressed by what they saw from Lillard during that game. Paul, before they are anything, is the center object of the point guard fraternity. Every new talent to come into the league they encourage and mentors, even while they are playing against each other.
“He can play. Portland better hold on to them because they definitely have a prized possession for the future.” (Chris Paul on Damian Lillard).
It was as Lillard said, Chris Paul seeing the world in their eyes, the Damian Lillard world. Six years later, the Damian Lillard world is here. In the playoffs. Down 0-2. Getting the living crap beat out of them by Jrue Holiday. When Jrue has guarded Dame the last two games, Dame has missed every shot and has scored 2 points.
The Blazers look gassed and not really in the fight. They look like they are playing regular season basketball while the Pels are playing playoff basketball, frenetic and desperate for every 50/50 ball. The Blazers aren't helped by the matchup. Where Rip City is weak, the Pels are strong. Jrue Holiday is an antidote to Lillard. He's a big physical guard who plays tough and is athletic. Rondo is slicing up the Blazers defense. The Blazers don't pass the ball. They were last in the NBA in assists. That doesn't engender confidence in the postseason where weaknesses are amplified. The Blazers don't have the size to compete up front with a talent like Anthony Davis. If they are not getting a MVP 45 point game from Lillard, they struggle, as they have this series.
The Blazers ended the regular season limping and breathing hard. They were 2-4 and couldn't make threes. They played exhausted. Nothing much has changed.
The Blazer truth is that everything is on Lillard like everything was on Westbrook last season. But with Lillard it feels different, even though it is Lillard or bust. They have an organic rhythm of making everything about them and nothing about them until the end when they bury you with their jumper to win the game. Except they can't find their rhythm in the playoffs with Jrue Holiday hounding him. When the Blazers lose, it's because Lillard struggles on offense and defense.  They are everything to the Blazers which is the Blazers blessing and curse. They still aren't a versatile offensive and defensive team with multiple weapons who can create their own shot and frankly their pace is slower than it should be with Lillard and C.J. McCollum.
The farthest Lillard has advanced in the playoffs was the second round; they did that twice. As great as they have been in 2018, if they go out meekly, there will be more questions than answers. Can they pull this team into something greater? Or are the pieces too average for Lillard to do much with?
Because Lillard had been so spectacular all season long, their meager playoff performances are blocking out the sun, particularly the front office mistakes that have the Blazers mired in front court and bench mediocrity, free agent signing blunders and salary overpayments. The playoffs incentivize the team game. With Lillard's struggles it is making everyone remember what Neil Olshey hasn't done, mainly surround Lillard and McCollum with talent like the Warriors and Rockets. At some point, Lillard was going to get exhausted. If you have to score 35 points a night for your team to win, you won't have a long playoff run. You might lose both games on your home floor.
So what is the Portland plan really? Just get into the playoffs? Lillard delivered on that. If they want to stay there, they need a team effort and versatility. The NBA is a league where you can no longer put everything into a single player. They need elite help, two other All-Stars. The Blazers are on the outside looking in as far as depth. It's Damian Lillard 24-7, Damian Lillard or bust.
Bust is here.
Most retired law enforcement agents are not likely to become advocates for something they've spent decades of their lives prohibiting.
But Joseph Brooks is one such man who has.
Brooks, who retired as a Captain from the Manchester Police Department after three decades of service, is the Connecticut speaker for Law Enforcement Agents against Prohibition, also known as LEAP, an international nonprofit group made of former law enforcement agents — police officers, judges, DEA agents, FBI agents and the like.
The group's mission is to legalize all drugs, which in turn allows the government to regulate them, Brooks said.
With as marijuana appears to — the Senate and House passed the bill (S.B. 1014) and Gov. Dannel Malloy is expected to sign it into law — Brooks spoke with Patch earlier this week, offering their perspective on the likely soon-to-be law in Connecticut.
"Decriminalization — is it a step forward?" Brooks told Patch. "Yeah, it's like a quarter-step forward. But let's face it: The person who sells it to the person that's possessing a half-ounce is still a criminal. You haven't taken the crime out of marijuana. You're still looking at the sales person as a criminal."
Rather than being charged with a misdemeanor, the law, if enacted, will decriminalize possession of less than one half-ounce of marijuana (roughly 14 grams). Violators would face a fine of $150 for their first offense, an infraction. Subsequent offenses — other infractions — would carry with them fines ranging from $200 to $500, .
But if the bill's supposed to help bring in revenues to the state, it's not doing enough, Brooks said.
The money made by an illegal drug sale — a decriminalized drug possession — is "still going into a criminal enterprise," they said.
"We're not bringing in tax revenue. [The money's] still going into the criminal element."
Rather than targeting the hypothetical illegal drug dealer, Brooks said, the decriminalized marijuana possessor, if caught, gets penalized.
"Quite frankly, if I had marijuana on me, I'm going to eat it, I'm not going to pay another $150," they said. "If we want to collect money from marijuana, then let's legalize it, and let's control it like we do with cigarettes and alcohol. Let's collect taxes."
Unlike marijuana, alcohol is often associated with violent crimes, Brooks said.
"If you look at domestic violence — that's one subject alcohol really exacerbates," they said. "Then there's , shootings, stabbings.
"Alcohol, is without a doubt, one of the most violence-producing substances in our society today," Brooks added. "Marijuana, on the other hand, no, it does not produce violence."
Brooks said he's most disappointed in what they call the "hypocrisy" America shows by perpetuating marijuana laws. They said the laws originally came into place because of racism against the Chinese, Mexicans and African Americans, namely because of myths perpetuated by newspaper tycoon William Randolph Hearst and America's first drug czar, Harry Anslinger.
Hearst would publish things that, for example, said something along the lines of this: If a black man was high on marijuana, they would want to kill their brother, and if a police officer tried to stop them with a bullet, they wouldn't be able to, Brooks said.
"More of those kinds of quotes were put into the paper on a regular basis," they said.
Brooks said the hypocrisy extended into the illegalization of hemp — though hemp and marijuana are both in the Cannabis sativa family, Brooks said, they're not the same plant.
After illegalizing hemp in 1937, "the federal government in 1942 made a movie called Hemp for Victory, which encouraged farmers to grow it to make ropes and sails for the war effort," they said. Following the conclusion of World War II, "in 1945, they made it once again illegal. Here's why we're talking about hypocrisy."
Medical marijuana
Though Boucher claims marijuana itself , Brooks disagreed. They talked about former Surgeon General Joyce Elder, who held the office in 1993 and 1994. Elder called the substance "benign," Brooks said, adding they also thought "it should be legalized."
"As far as I'm concerned, you don't get much more knowledgeable than the surgeon general," Brooks said. "Doctors in states where medical marijuana is now legal — they're not members of a cartel, they're not trying to sell illegal drugs. They're doctors and they believe marijuana has a medicinal purpose. They will prescribe it for certain illnesses and certain problems."
Brooks said marijuana can't immediately kill people, like something as generic and common as aspirin can.
"Marijuana alone has never caused a death up to now. I can go out and smoke five [joints] right now in a row — I'm not going to overdose," Brooks said. "Smoking is a long-term sneaky killer. It doesn't kill you right away. It takes many, many years."
Though marijuana can have negative side effects, medically speaking, if it can help those in pain, it should be utilized for that purpose, Brooks said.
"If my wife has cancer right at this moment and was suffering the side effects of chemotherapy," Brooks said, "if it's going to help them — If my wife was dying from cancer, do you think I'd give a damn about the side effects of marijuana?"
Moving forward
The role of being a police officer had its ups and downs, Brooks said.
"A very, very close friend of mine, someone that I knew for a long, long time — it turned out they were involved with narcotics," they said, adding that after their friend's arrest, they were no longer invited to gatherings at their house. "When they passed away — their children who I saw grow up — they didn't want me at their funeral. It is really a shame. But that's part of being a police officer."
Though they encourage discussion on drug laws, Brooks said at the events they speak at, the topic of marijuana always dominates them.
"In all honesty, marijuana has to be taken care of, gotten off the table," Brooks said. "Whenever I speak to any group, it always dominates the conversation. We can't seem to get down to other drugs simply because everyone wants to talk about the most talked about drug, which happens to be marijuana."
But things have to change, and they will, they said.
"It is our belief that all drugs should be completely legalized," Brooks said of LEAP, adding legalization brings with it control and medicalization of drugs. "We believe that we can speak with credibility when it comes to the War on Drugs."
For Duke Ellington, a D note looked like dark blue burlap while a G was light blue satin. When Pharrell Williams listened to Earth, Wind & Fire as a kid, they saw burgundy or baby blue. For Kanye West, pianos are blue, snares are white, and basslines are dark brown and purple. Orange is a big one for Frank Ocean.
All of these artists—along with Stevie Wonder, Billy Joel, Mary J. Blige, Blood Orange's Dev Hynes, and more—have synesthesia, a condition in which a person's senses are joined. They hear a certain timbre or musical note and see a color, or smell a perfume and hear a sound, or see a word and taste a flavor. According to Carol Steen, the co-founder of the American Synesthesia Association, there are more than 60 permutations of synesthesia, and recent studies have suggested around 4% of us have it in some form. But while it may seem like tons of musicians are trying to associate themselves with synesthesia nowadays—Steen says she's heard rumors about Beyoncé having it, though "she hasn't been vetted yet so I don't know for sure"—the condition wasn't always seen as an express route to creative genius. (Philosopher John Locke was writing about combined senses as early as the 17th century, though the term "synesthesia" wasn't coined until the mid-1800s.) Until about 20 years ago, many synesthetes were uncomfortable sharing their curious gifts with the rest of the world.
Steen, who is also visual artist and teaches at Touro College in New York, remembers feeling ostracized by other kids when they realized they had synesthesia at age seven, and though their father also had it, they never told anyone. The way they talk about it reminds me of the plight of every comic book superhero—for every person who marvels at Professor X, there are many more who are frightened by their otherworldly abilities. And for a while, there was no concrete way to scientifically study synesthesia because scientists couldn't prove it was real.
There were other reasons why artists would want to hide it, too. "People were very afraid to admit they had it because they didn't want people to think that this special gift was the sole basis for their talent," says Steen. "They'd think, 'If I tell people that I have this gift, maybe they'll think that all the practicing I've done doesn't mean anything.'"
But with the advent of advanced MRI machines in the 90s, it was clear that, for some, listening to headphones would not only trigger blood flow in the part of our brains that deals with sound, but the part that involves sight as well. Suddenly, Steen—and many others—were vindicated. Further studies show that we're all actually born with synesthesia, though most of us lose it by the time we're eight months old. Hallucinogenic drugs have been known to induce synesthetic sensations as well.
So what do sound-color synesthetes actually, you know, see when they hear music? Well, it depends on; each synesthete has a unique color palette with unique triggers, and the colors and types of sense associations are always in flux. For Steen, the empty rumble of an 18 wheeler hitting potholes outside of their apartment sends up a black and white and orange static pattern in front of their eyes. "We see it in our mind's eye," they say, "and the colors are not the colors of pigment, but rather the colors you see on your computer screen, the colors of light. They're bright."
When it comes to music, certain artists produce songs that are quite literally more colorful than others. Talking about recently listening to Daft Punk's Random Access Memories track "Fragments of Time", Steen describes "charcoal dust drums" and "tangy orange to sweet magenta keyboards" and "green-to-orange vocals." "This song is a celestial sherbet," they conclude.
And when I ask Steen why so many synesthetes seem to be finding their way to careers in the arts nowadays instead of becoming physicists or lawyers, their answer is simple: "If you were surrounded by color all of your life, and it really thrilled you, wouldn't you want more of it?"
No one would blame Kayson Latham if they never went on a roller coaster again. The 6-year-old was on the Mouse Trap ride at Wonderland Amusement Park in Amarillo, Texas last Friday when things nearly took a horrible turn.
Delbert Latham was riding the Mouse Trap with their son for the second time that evening as part of a school event at the amusement park. Since they had already gone through it once, the Texas resident decided to film the ride with their camera phone. About 40 seconds into the video, Kayson's seat belt broke loose just as the coaster was making a high-speed turn. There was also a safety bar in place but the small boy quickly slipped beneath it. The look on their face says it all, as they suddenly are thrown near the bottom of the seat. But their dad acted quickly, grabbing their son tightly into their arms and saving them from a potentially lethal fall.
"As we were going down, it threw them into the bottom of the cart and that's when you see me reach over to grab them and honestly when all of that started to happen, I didn't even realize I was video-ing it anymore," Latham said in an interview with local affiliate KFDA-TV.
Latham posted the video to their Facebook page hoping to raise awareness amongst other parents about the risks of letting young children on amusement park rides—even ones that are supposedly safe. Of course, the first reaction from many viewers was that Latham should use the incident to sue the park for damages. But they noted that their son wasn't hurt in the incident and only wants to help protect future riders.
"I just posted it on my facebook page hoping that if more awareness was out there, that maybe something else would get done. There's been people posting you should get a lawyer, that sort of thing. I'm not looking to sue them, I don't want money, that's not my intention. I just want it to be safe for people," they said in the interview.
For its part, the operators of the Wonderland Amusement Park put out a statement thanking Latham for their quick thinking and for alerting them:
“We appreciate their diligence in quickly bringing this to our attention. Wonderland immediately reached back out to Mr. Latham the evening it happened and promptly removed the back cart from the ride and ensured all other seatbelts were in proper working order. The Mouse Trap was back in full operation on Saturday. This particular ride was originally built without seatbelts, but Wonderland later added belts as an extra safety measure.”
It's a insanely simple idea, but Amron Experimental really captured a lot of hearts, minds and minty-fresh mouths with its Brush & Rinse toothbrush concept. Sporting the same boring bristles and molded plastic of every other toothbrush produced this century, the Brush & Rinse has a slightly indented back, which lets you redirect water and... well, brush and rinse. Unfortunately, the last time the thing was in the news, it was a prototype selling for $1,750, so we're happy to see it down to the much more reasonable pre-order price of $1.18 a pop -- though they need to presell 50,000 units before they can go into production. Regular people will be able to pick one up for $5 once they get that minimum out of the way. Exciting action video is after the break.[Via Gadget Lab
One man issued with public order fixed penalty notice after plane had to return to gate over complaints of drunken behaviour
Twenty-three people from two different stag parties have been removed from a flight at Manchester airport after complaints of drunken and rowdy behaviour before the plane had taken off.
One man was issued with a public order fixed penalty notice after the pilot returned to the gate, where police boarded the plane to help cabin crew remove the passengers.
According to reports from passengers on Twitter, police initially escorted three people from two different groups off the Prague-bound flight, then remaining members of the groups who protested were also allowed to leave.
One passenger posted pictures showing three police vehicles on the tarmac by the plane and armed officers boarding the flight, which was delayed for about two-and-half hours on Friday. Another quoted the pilot as saying over the public address system: “I have a zero-tolerance approach to anti-social behaviour towards the cabin crew.”
Lauren Sian (@LaurenSianWorld) Around 20 pax removed altogether from #jet2 flight by police, now 2 hours delayed pic.twitter.com/pTszPFaPAY
Greater Manchester police said: “At 3.45pm, GMP officers at the airport assisted with the removal of a group of passengers from a Jet2 flight en route to Prague. One was issued with a public order fixed penalty notice. In total, 23 passengers were offloaded.”
A Jet2 spokesperson said: “Flight LS887 from Manchester to Prague had to return to the parking stand after our crew called for police assistance. We would like to thank Greater Manchester police for their assistance this afternoon and will be fully supporting the investigation, and where required, will prosecute if that is deemed necessary.
“We apologise to all other customers for the inconvenience that this has caused at the start of their bank holiday weekend.
“A family friendly airline we will not let the behaviour of a disruptive few spoils the flight for everyone else.”
Shayara Bano, a 35-year-old mother of two is fighting against triple talaq
A Muslim woman from Uttarakhand, who is spearheading a legal battle against 'triple talaq' divorce, says the India Muslim Personal Board (AIMPLB) and some clerics requested them to withdraw their Supreme Court petition.
Shayara Bano, a 35-year-old mother of two, said they promptly rejected their appeal and firmly expressed their determination to carry on with their fight in the interest of lakhs of Muslim women suffering due to the 'discriminatory' practice.
The triple talaq is a Sharia law custom that allows men to end a marriage, simply by saying 'talaq' - or divorce - to their wives, three times in succession.
The apex court is hearing a lawsuit seeking a ban on three specific practices permitted under Muslim personal law: triple talaq, polygamy and nikah halala (a woman wishing to wed a man from whom they are divorced must first marry someone else).
'A month ago some people talking to me on behalf of the board asked me to withdraw the petition from Supreme Court', Bano told Mail Today.
'They told me 'when you are not going to gain anything from it personally why are you maligning the Muslim community?'
'I said to them I may havelost everything but I'm fighting for other women who are going to face such a situation.'
Muslims are India's largest minority community with a population of 155 million and their marriages and divorces are governed by the Muslim personal law, ostensibly based on the sharia.
Shayara Bano (pictured) says the India Muslim Personal Board (AIMPLB) and some clerics requested them to withdraw their Supreme Court petition
The AIMPLB, a non-governmental body which oversees the application of Muslim personal law, opposes any ban on triple talaq and polygamy.
The board, however, said it has no information about the incident narrated by Bano.
A source said some local member in Uttarakhand's Kashipur area where the woman stays may have tried to contact her, but there was no such move officially from AIMPLB.
'There is no need for that when we are legally challenging their petition, which is pending in the Supreme Court,' the source said.
The story of Bano, a postgraduate in Sociology, is shocking. They endured a bad marriage, an abusive husband, and physical and mental agony for over a decade.
They were allegedly made to undergo as many as six abortions by their husband, who forcibly administered their pills which ruined their health.
On October 10, 2015, their husband sent a letter to their parents' home where they were staying for almost a year.
Inscribed on that piece of paper were three words: 'Talaq, Talaq, Talaq'. However, the Centre's support to at least seven Muslim women led by Bano who have moved the Supreme Court is a shot in the arm for the petitioners.
While defending the validity of triple talaq before the apex court, the AIMPLB took the ground that if the practice is discontinued, a man could even murder or burn their wife alive to get rid of them
The board also contended that the Constitution does not touch upon personal laws and therefore, the SC cannot examine the question of constitutional validity of the practices of marriage, divorce and maintenance in Muslim personal law.
The government argued that there is no reason that women in India should be denied their constitutional rights when 'Muslim countries where Islam is the state religion have undergone extensive reform' in this sphere.
'Gender equality and dignity of woman are non-negotiable, overarching constitutional values can brook no compromise,' the Centre said in its affidavit.
'These rights are necessary in letter and in spirit to realise aspirations of every individual woman.'
Creed (2015) 3.5
Starring: Michael B. Jordan, Sylvester Stallone, Tessa Thompson, Phylicia Rashad, Tony Bellew
Directed by: Ryan Coogler
Written by: Ryan Coogler, Aaron Covington
Rating: PG-13 Running Time: 2 hr. 13 min
Two Cents:
For those that think this is just Rocky 7, think again. This is Creed 1, its own story and film. Sure its mostly set in the City of Brotherly Love, and Rocky Balboa is in the ring just ‘one last time,' but director/writer Ryan Coogler has managed to simultaneously pay homage to Stallone's baby, while also setting up an equally heart-felt story about a different kind of underdog thrust into the big leagues, looking to set their own path and honor their family name.
Creed gets off to a clumsy start, as it struggles to establish Adonis Creed's (Michael B. Jordan) motivations for leaving a successful (and safe) office job in favor of boxing cloves. But once we get beyond that opening act, familiar themes from the franchise help settle the film down, and Jordan's performance well and truly becomes the center piece of this story. As it should be. Their character and this film have something to prove to the world after all.
What's really important for a movie like this, with these characters, settings and themes – is heart. Are you rooting for the hero when they step into the ring? Did everything leading to the ‘last round' put you in Creed's corner? For me the answer was yes, absolutely. The closing moments of this film stirred up the same emotions Rocky 1 and 2 did, but with a new face taking the punches. Delivering a refreshing twist on the familiar that firmly establishes Creed as a success story in its own right.
Movie Prep:
If you enjoyed the first 2 Rockys, and Rocky Balboa (No. 6), then I think you'll enjoy this too. This delivers the same heart and soul of those slower more thoughtfully crafted films, and stays clear of the cheesy commercially minded histrionics of Rocky 3 and 4. Creed is rated PG-13 for violence and bad language.
Best Format:
This is a great film to watch in a crowded theater. If you wait for the rental, make sure you watch this with a group of friends in front of a nice big TV.
Best Moment: << spoilers >>
For me, the best fight scene happens early in the film when Creed is challenged by Leo ‘The Lion' Sporino. Each round is a beautifully choreographed single shot, and amazing to watch.
References: IMDB
Tweet
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has been given the green light to raid their former club Borussia Dortmund.
The Bundesliga outfit's CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke has confirmed that there is no agreement in place to prevent Klopp from trying to buy their top talent.
And Watzke insists the relationship between Dortmund and Klopp wouldn't be harmed if the Reds manager does make a move.
“One thing is clear, we at BVB have a very good relationship with Jurgen,” they told Die Welt.
“I think there would be no conflict were there to be interested in one of our players at some point. They would contact us before (he contacts the player).”
Watzke has been impressed by the impact Klopp has had during their first two months at Anfield. Liverpool have taken 11 points out of a possible 18 in the Premier League. They have also booked their passage to the knockout stages of the Europe League and reached the last eight of the Capital One Cup.
“I am very happy for Jurgen that things are running that well after such a short space of time,” Watzke said.
“I did not expect that. I thought he'd need more time with the team given the style of their football.”
Defeating religious extremism
With religion snaking its way ever deeper into politics, Paul Cliteur argues that the best role for religion in the public affairs of the state is no role at all. In “The Secular Outlook: In Defense of Moral and Political Secularism,” recently published by Wiley-Blackwell, Cliteur argues that religious extremism is a threat that can only be overcome by a secular approach in society and politics. Here, Cliteur, a professor of jurisprudence at the University of Leiden, the Netherlands, applies their theory to the questions that have dogged President Obama about their own religion.
By Paul Cliteur
A considerable portion of the American population (18%) believes President Obama is a Muslim, according to a poll by the Pew Center .
The religion of a president – whether they are Christian, Jewish, or Muslim – should not matter to Americans. The First Amendment makes that clear enough. But the separation of Church and State has eroded so much in recent years that you simply can't escape a dose of religion in daily politics.
All of this argues more than ever for a strong commitment to secularism in the nation's politics.
A state can take several approaches in trying to manage the role of religion in society. It can try to annihilate religion as the communists attempted between 1917 to 1989. It can decree that only one religion will be accepted as theocrats try to do. It can give preferential treatment to some religions at the expense of others, as happens in the United Kingdom and apparently, given the delusion over Obama's beliefs, also happens in the United States. Another approach would be for the state to favor religion – all of them on an equal basis – and discriminate against unbelievers. Finally, the state can promote true religious neutrality.
In a religiously neutral state it doesn't matter whether the president is a Jew, a Christian or a Muslim, because they and their constituents consider religion to be a private affair. In such an environment, the president will not even say what their religion is; they would also not say what religion they don't follow. In a state tormented by religious divisions, religious neutrality seems the sole solution to prevent a tearing apart of society.
It should not be considered shameful to call yourself a secularist. Rather is should be a badge of honor. If President Obama truly wanted to defend religious freedom, they should avoid saying “I am a Christian” or “I am not a Muslim.” Rather, they should simply offer: “I subscribe to the principles of secularism.”
Religious neutrality in religiously pluralist societies like France and the United Kingdom – and the United States -- is the path to tolerance. The only question is: When will the American president and the American people acknowledge this?
Michael Rosbash of Brandeis University, whose parents fled Nazi Germany, and whose father was a cantor, was one of three American scientists to win the Nobel Prize for Medicine.
The prize awarded to Rosbash, 74, and the others announced Monday was for their discoveries about molecular mechanisms controlling the body's daily rhythm. Jeffrey Hall of the University of Maine and Michael Young of Rockefeller University in New York joined Rosbash in receiving the prize.
They used fruit flies to isolate a gene that controls the rhythm of a living organism's daily life. The biological inner clocks regulate functions such as sleep, behavior, hormone levels and body temperature.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Rosbash, 74, came to Brandeis in 1974 and is the Peter Gruber Endowed Chair in Neuroscience and professor of biology at the Jewish-founded nonsectarian school.
“This morning's unexpected announcement certainly affected my circadian rhythms,” Rosbach said in a statement from Brandeis. “I am thrilled to join Jeffrey and Michael in this recognition. I am grateful to my colleagues at Brandeis and to the unusual environment here that allows researchers to explore without boundaries while also engaging students in the process of discovery. This is a very special — perhaps unique — university,”
Their parents were immigrants who fled Germany in 1938. Their father was a cantor at Temple Ohabei Shalom, a Reform synagogue in Brookline, Massachusetts, not far from the Brandeis campus.
Rosbash and Hall started at Brandeis together in 1974; Hall is a professor emeritus there.
On November 7th, Brazil and Germany jointly proposed a preliminary version of a resolution on online privacy at the UN General Assembly. At a time when public outrage over the reach and scope of U.K. and U.S. mass surveillance is at an all-time high, the draft resolution is the first official recognition by the UN of the threat that mass surveillance poses to human rights. The draft resolution is significant in many respects but particularly because it condemns “human rights violations and abuses that may result from the conduct of any surveillance of communications, including extraterritorial surveillance of communications... in particular massive surveillance.”
The draft resolution calls upon all states:
To end privacy violations and prevent further privacy incursions and ensure that national laws, practices and procedures conform to existing international human rights obligations,
To establish independent national oversight mechanisms capable of maintaining transparency and accountability for state surveillance of communications,
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to submit a report to the General Assembly on the protection of the right to privacy.
If adopted, this will be the first General Assembly resolution on the right to privacy since 1988. This represents an excellent opportunity for states to update their understanding of international human rights law in the context of the massive technological developments that have taken place over the last 25 years.
While introducing the draft resolution, the Permanent Mission of Germany to the United Nations New York drew attention to the 24th session of the U.N. Human Rights Council (HRC) side event organized last September by Germany and Norway. During this meeting, member states engaged in a robust debate of online surveillance. EFF, Privacy International, Human Rights Watch, Access, APC, Article 19 and a coalition of 290 NGOs presented formally the International Principles on the Application of Human Rights to Communications Surveillance, a set of principles that provide States with a framework to evaluate whether current or proposed surveillance laws and practices are consistent with human rights. These principles have been cited in the new Mexican telecom reform bill, in op-eds and editorials in different countries, refered by policymakers in Sweden and the United Kingdom, and translated in more than 31 languages. During the 24th HRC, we also submitted an official statement calling on states to ensure that advances in technology do not lead to disproportionate increases in states' interference with the private lives of individuals.
A few weeks earlier, during the opening of the 68th session of the United Nations General Assembly, the Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff, made clear the indignation and repudiation in public opinion around the world regarding the revelations of a global network of electronic espionage:
“In Brazil, the situation was even more serious, as it emerged that we were targeted by this intrusion. Personal data of citizens was intercepted indiscriminately. Corporate information - often of high economic and even strategic value - was at the center of espionage activity. Also, Brazilian diplomatic missions, among them the Permanent Mission to the United Nations and the Office of the President of the Republic itself, had their communications intercepted.”
We hope that member states join Brazil and Germany in explicitly condemning mass surveillance by supporting the draft resolution as is currently written, and stay vigilant against watering-down of the text by countries who would continue their ubiquitous spying. Now is the time for all concerned citizens to call upon their governments to conform to the principles signed by 290 NGOs. If your organization hasn't signed it yet, it can do so here. It's time to defend the Necessary and Proportionate Principles at the United Nations, and in every other regional or national policy space.
Of all the sites that went dark on Wednesday to protest Congress' misguided anti-piracy legislation, Reddit was the one I missed most. Sure, there were a couple times when Wikipedia would have provided the perfect answer for my mindless Web searches (who invented the bidet?), and I never like a day without BoingBoing, but Reddit occupies a unique position in my online diet.
Though I visit the rollicking link aggregator a few times a day to find cool stuff on the Web, Reddit isn't any better than the aggregators BuzzFeed, Hacker News, Techmeme, and Memeorandum in that respect. What's different about Reddit is that it's a real, vibrant community, one of the few big websites where the users have constructed an unmistakable moral and political philosophy. Redditors are lefties who have a soft spot for Ron Paul, they're taken with atheism and the legalization of marijuana, they hate political interference with the Internet, they love Stephen Colbert, and they're gaga for animated GIFs. I'm a lurker at Reddit, not a participant in the community, and some of the site's conventions strike me as bizarre. The site's acronymic bits of insider jargon also represent a barrier to entry for newcomers. But nevertheless, Reddit has become the most exciting place on the Web in the last few months, the center of an earnest yet jokey brand of cultural and political activism.
Reddit's recent ascendancy seems surprising. The site isn't new—it was founded in 2005—and for many years, it toiled in the shadow of Digg, a more popular aggregator that shared many of the same features. Both sites find the best links on the Web through crowdsourcing—people submit interesting stuff, and then the hordes vote up what they like best. There was a time when Digg-like aggregators looked like the next huge Web moneymaker. Google was once reportedly in talks to buy Digg for $200 million, and the magazine giant Conde Nast purchased Reddit in 2006.
But then aggregators began to slump. In 2010, after years of mismanagement and an unpopular redesign, Digg's traffic plummeted. Meanwhile, Reddit proved to be a lousy investment; a year and a half ago, the site's administrators pleaded with users to begin subscribing to a new “gold” plan to help pay the bills. The two sites' troubles seemed to mark the end of crowd-powered aggregators, which looked doomed by competition from Facebook, Twitter, and the rise of social-network link sharing. If I can get the best links from my friends, why should I bother with a site full of strangers?
But while Digg is all but dead today, Reddit not only survived the social media shift but has thrived in the age of tweets. Reddit's traffic has exploded over the last few years—in 2011, visits doubled, and in December the site recorded 2 billion pageviews. It did so by turning inward, and by becoming more than just a place that amasses links to outside sites. On most days, the most popular posts on Reddit consist of stuff that Redditors themselves created or captured to share with other Redditors: image macros, animated gifs, pictures of cats, extremely geeky cartoons, weird Photoshop memes, and Facebook found art. There's a lot more substantive stuff, too, including two discussion forums that I find consistently fascinating. The first is Ask Reddit, in which people pose deep and less-than-deep questions of others on the site (What is the coolest way you have ever been asked out?, What short phrases should be on candy hearts but aren't?, What's the worst way you “ruined the moment” while things were heating up with someone?, What insanely obvious thing did you not realize for much of your life?). The other is IAmA, in which famous and not-famous people with interesting backgrounds take questions from the audience (a former prostitute, an openly gay member of an aristocratic family, a hobo, a former Chuck E. Cheese employee, Louis C.K., a four-year-old).
In many ways, Reddit is a more accessible, less vulgar version of 4Chan, the meme-spewing online redoubt of the Web's most vicious trolls. The two sites differ, though, in that Redditors aren't just in it for the lulz. While 4Chan is for nihilists, Reddit users get wrapped up in the political fights of the day. In 2008, the site became the Web's most pro-Obama destination that wasn't funded by the campaign itself. But Redditors' political awareness has peaked in the last couple of months with Occupy Wall Street and the Stop Online Piracy Act.
That the Occupy movement and SOPA got Redditors riled up isn't surprising. OWS' simple, us-vs.-them message jibed with Redditors' underdog sympathies, while the piracy bills confirmed the site's suspicion that nobody in government nobody in government understands the Internet. During OWS, Reddit became the source of the movement's enduring memes, including the Casually Pepper Spray Everything Cop. It was an online counterpart to Zuccotti Park—a place where people who had no real-life connection to the movement could add their virtual support.
When the piracy bills sparked outrage, Redditors joined together to lash out at everyone on the other side of the issue. They sponsored fundraisers for political opponents of SOPA and PIPA, they led a boycott against GoDaddy (the domain name company that was forced to drop its support of the legislation), and they pushed for the world's largest sites to go dark this week. Today Redditors are reveling in their victory: The site is overrun by news that scores of lawmakers who supported the piracy laws have backed away, and the site's denizens are now contemplating ways to push legislation that will guarantee their online freedoms. I don't know if their new push will go anywhere, but I like that they're trying. And we should all be thankful that Reddit helped save the Internet from some of the worst tech-related pieces of legislation that Congress has ever considered.
A few weeks ago Gawker's Adrian Chen—the Web's closest follower of Reddit, and its most punishing critic—argued that “Reddit has gone mad with power,” and that its chaotic hive mentality can't sustain long-term political action. “The thinking of the Internet hive mind is shallow and frantic, scrambling from one outrage to the next,” they argued.
It's true, as Chen points out, that the Reddit hive isn't always a force for good. For example, the site has long been plagued by an awful section called “Jailbait,” which collects pictures of scantily clad young girls; when administrators shut it down last fall, users quickly resurrected it. Last year, one Redditor got it into their head that a woman who was raising money for kids with cancer was actually a scammer; the hive made their life hell for a few days, even though they were telling the truth.
Still, I suspect Chen misses the point about Reddit-born activism. Reddit isn't meant to inspire sustained political participation; the hive mind is frenetic, and I'm sure it will soon tire of SOPA and move on to something else. Reddit's powers can sometimes be terribly misused, and sometimes it's a force for good. Question its might at your peril.
An ugly episode nearly nine years ago involving a reprimand against Colorado Republican Senate candidate Ken Buck, while they were serving at the time as an assistant U.S. attorney in Denver, continues to shadow the candidate — as well it should.
When an assistant federal prosecutor is reprimanded by the Department of Justice for improperly disclosing internal government deliberations about a pending case to a defense attorney, it is not something that can or should be sloughed off as a youthful indiscretion.
Buck's opponent in the GOP primary, Jane Norton, had raised the issue of Buck's 2001 reprimand during this summer's primary battle, but its importance was largely lost in the heat of that contest. Moreover, because the incident involved an investigation of improper firearms sales by a then-licensed gun dealer in Aurora, the important ethical aspect of the matter was obscured by the emotionalism that almost invariably attaches itself to Second Amendment issues. This is unfortunate, because the episode raises legitimate concerns about ethics, professionalism and loyalty in one of the most sensitive of public jobs — that of a federal prosecutor.
The basic facts of the case appear largely undisputed. In 1998, an investigation was presented to Buck, serving at the time as one of the top assistants in then-U.S. Attorney Henry Solano's office. The investigating agency, Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, believed a firearms dealer in Aurora was engaged in the sale of guns to so-called “straw buyers,” in violation of federal law. Buck declined to pursue the prosecution, and the ATF apparently did not at the time appeal that decision to Solano.
Shortly thereafter, Tom Strickland, Solano's successor, decided to review the gun case — as was their prerogative as a U.S. attorney. They elected to present the case to a grand jury, which returned an indictment against Greg and Leonid Golyansky and Dmitriy Baravik. And that's when the trouble began.
There obviously was disagreement within the U.S. attorney's office over the decision to pursue the case against the alleged firearms violators, something not unheard of. Normally, such internal opinions are kept within the four walls of the prosecutor's office. This is not only ethical and professional, but pragmatic as well. If word were to leak out — especially to a defense attorney — that questions about the strength or weaknesses of the government's case had been raised internally, this would almost certainly provide grist for defense arguments to the judge and the jury; and would at least indirectly pressure the government to settle the case more favorably to the defendant.
Yet this is exactly what Buck did. They revealed to a defense attorney the fact that there was an internal government memorandum outlining possible weaknesses in the government's case. Buck did this, even though by their own admission they had not seen the internal memo. Not surprisingly, two years later the case was finally concluded against the three defendants on terms far less favorable to the government than it likely could have obtained had the defense not been tipped off by Buck.
Buck's clearly improper communication to a defense attorney about a pending prosecution was not only contrary to ethical and professional standards that govern attorneys; it also represented an act of disloyalty toward their superior — U.S. Attorney Strickland.
Strickland sent the matter of Buck's improper communication to the appropriate Justice Department office in Washington, and a formal letter of reprimand was issued in December 2001. Buck resigned shortly thereafter.
It is important to note that the U.S. attorney who gave Buck the reprimand was a Republican, John Suthers. This was not a partisan effort to “get” Ken Buck. Nor are the questions the incident raises those of an everyday, “off-the-record chat” between a prosecutor and a defense attorney, as Buck now characterizes the incident. To continue to belittle this incident serves only to reinforce the concerns that were the basis of the 2001 letter of reprimand in the first place.
Republican Bob Barr served as U.S. attorney in Atlanta from 1986 to 1990, as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from 1995 to 2003, and is now on the NRA's board of directors.
Claim follows reports that 93-year-old president is undergoing medical treatment in Singapore for third time this year
Robert Mugabe's third trip to Singapore this year for medical treatment has prompted accusations that the 93-year old president is ruling Zimbabwe from a hospital bed.
Mugabe is reported to have flown to the city state on Friday, prompting the ruling Zanu-PF party to cancel a youth rally that they had been scheduled to attend, suggesting that their latest trip was unplanned. A minister told the Standard newspaper that it was a private visit.
Singapore “is literally their home now”, one opposition party spokesperson told Zimbabwean media, while another said: “The country is stagnant today because the Zanu president is running the show from their hospital bed.”
Mugabe, Africa's oldest leader, spent more than $50m (£39m) on foreign travel last year, more than double the amount allocated to upgrading the country's hospitals and health centres, according to data from the Zimbabwean treasury. In the same year, $30m was allocated to parliament and $32m to the ministry of foreign affairs.
Robert Mugabe 'not sleeping, just resting their eyes' Read more
Mugabe's previous visits to Singapore have been for routine medical checks and eye surgery, according to officials. Images that appear to show Mugabe dozing off in meetings actually depict them “resting their eyes” because they are too sensitive to bright lights, their spokesperson has claimed.
Their wife, Grace Mugabe, has said they should run “as a corpse” in the next election if they die before they can contest it. They have volunteered to push them around in a wheelchair if necessary, while Mugabe themselves says they want to live to 100 and rule for life. Zanu-PF has endorsed them as their candidate for the 2018 elections.
Mugabe, celebrating their 93rd birthday in February with a 93kg (205lb) cake pondered in an hour-long speech the meaning of still being alive when so many of their contemporaries had gone. “Sometimes I hear a silent voice saying, ‘Each man, each woman, has a mission to fulfil in this world.' I thank the Lord and say, ‘I accept the mission,'” they said.
When Mugabe took power in 1980, after Zimbabwe won independence from the British, Zimbabweans feted them as a heroic liberator, and Margaret Thatcher went from refusing to talk to them to drinking whisky with them in Downing Street.
Meanwhile, their predecessor Ian Smith, who once ran on a ticket for a “whiter, brighter Rhodesia,” remained trenchant in retirement, refusing to apologise for the 30,000 Zimbabweans killed during their tenure, saying: “The more we killed, the happier we were.”
Mugabe's unpopularity reached fever pitch when they fast-tracked land reform in 2000 and seized white-owned farms, saying they were redressing land issues dating from colonial times, where white people in what was then Rhodesia took land from the people living there without paying any compensation.
Critics said the land was given to Mugabe loyalists who had little farming experience, leading to a shrinking economy and spiralling inflation.
Last week Zimbabwe donated $1m to the African Union, the proceeds of a cattle sale that included 300 heads from Mugabe's own herd, intended to help end “donor dependency syndrome” in Africa.
Mugabe is not the only African head of state to be ailing. Their counterpart in Nigeria, Muhammadu Buhari, has spent a third of the year receiving medical treatment for an unknown illness in London.
A survey of Canadian homeowners suggests a good percentage of them are in for a rude awakening when it comes to how much debt they're going to be carrying during their theoretical retirements.
In a survey of 2,373 homeowners across Canada conducted in September and released Monday by Manulife Bank of Canada, more than a quarter of respondents said they would still consider themselves to be debt free, despite having various types of debt.
Twenty-seven per cent said they would consider themselves to be debt-free even if they had a mortgage. Almost as many, 23 per cent, said they'd consider themselves debt-free even if they still owed money on a car loan. And 11 per cent said they would consider themselves debt-free despite keeping a balance on a line of credit.
Manulife said the survey shows that not everyone has the same definition of what it means to be debt-free.
"Saving for retirement and paying down debt are both important goals — but they both draw from the same pool of money," Manulife president Rick Lunny said in a release.
Home as 'fallback plan'
The replies are especially interesting considering 83 per cent of respondents said that being debt free was "very important" to them in order to have what they considered a successful retirement.
Only about half of respondents said they were confident of achieving a debt-free status in time for retirement. Confidence was lower among people in their fifties, who were the closest to the retirement age. Those who were a little younger, in their forties, were more confident in being able to have a debt-free retirement.
Considering that the survey looked only at people who own homes, it is perhaps not surprising that almost a fifth of them said they planned on accessing at least some of the equity locked in their homes to supplement their incomes in retirement.
About 10 per cent said they planned to live in their homes but borrow against them in retirement. Another eight per cent said they planned on accessing that money by downsizing to cheaper housing.
"Often homeowners think of their home equity as a fallback plan for retirement income," Lunny said. "The fact that one in five is proactively planning to use this strategy suggests they may be struggling to balance retirement saving with debt repayment."
The survey was limited to homeowners aged 20 to 59, who had an annual income of at least $50,000. It was conducted in September by polling firm Research House on behalf of Manulife Bank of Canada.
Because it was an online poll, there is no equivalent to the margin of error that would apply to a telephone based random sampling.
Mike Robinson was standing on a ledge outside an airplane, just seconds away from a “normal skydive” when another plane swerved over top of him. The two planes in northwest Wisconsin were carrying nine skydivers on Saturday night, but as the group was about to jump, the trailing plane flew over the lead plane and crashed down on top of it.
Mr. Robinson, a 64-year-old skydiving instructor, saw their plane turn into a “big flash fireball” as the ledge they were standing on was ripped away.
“All of a sudden, we were in freefall,” they said. “All of us knew we had a crash…. The wing over our head was gone, so we just left.”
After Mr. Robinson and the eight others from Skydive Superior managed to get out of the aircraft, they were then forced to contend with flaming debris falling from the wrecked plane. Mr. Robinson watched as both wings were eventually torn off their plane, sending it spiralling towards the ground.
“We're seeing it's on fire and there are just parts of the airplane floating in the air with us,” they said. “We were falling faster than those parts … So the concern was we get away from the crash area.”
Mr. Robinson said the skydivers had parachutes that allowed them to steer themselves away from the debris, and toward the planned landing spot.
The pilot of Mr. Robinson's plane ejected himself, but their emergency parachute could not be steered so they landed elsewhere. They had minor injuries and was taken to the hospital. The second pilot was able to safely land their plane at the same airport where they took off.
None of the nine experienced skydivers or two pilots sustained serious injuries and authorities still didn't know Sunday what caused the accident.
“It was just surreal,” said Mr. Robinson, who lives north of Duluth, Minnesota.
Federal Aviation Administration spokesperson Roland Herwig said the lead plane broke into three parts, with debris landing on the airport property and an adjacent retail area.
Mr. Robinson said everyone involved was meeting Sunday with FAA investigators.
“We do this all the time,” Mr. Robinson said. “We just don't know what happened for sure that caused this.”
Recently, a skydiving accident in Belgium claimed the lives of 11 people. Part of the aircraft's wing broke minutes after the plane took off from an airfield on Oct. 19, sending the plane into a spiralling nosedive. The parachutists, nearly all between the ages of 20 and 40, were celebrating a birthday and weren't able to jump out. The cause of that accident was being investigated.
National Post and the Associated Press
Source: Namco, CC
This is an improved version of the concept I wrote about regarding K-12 in TIME, re higher ed also in TIME, re high school in the Washington Post, and re retraining in The Atlantic.
Think back to when you were in high school. No, not recess, not your , not sports--the academics. Now, on a scale from 1 to 10, with 1 being terribly boring to 10 being much better than playing around, how would you rate your academic experience in high school?
Now imagine that you heard that you, your child, all children, whether rich or poor, living in Alabama or Zululand, could have an that would not only score a 10 but improve reading, writing, thinking, mathematical reasoning, citizenship, connoisseurship and so on dramatically more than does standard education?
Of course, that sounds like hype but by the time you finish this article, I hope you'll come to believe it's possible and is a goal we should fight for.
SuperCourses
Think back to that high school course that's considered a gateway to success and that many students struggle with: Algebra 1. Think back to how algebra was taught to you. For too many students, the is of boring or poorly understood lectures on quadratic equations and calculating the area under the curve of a parabola. Instruction never got more immersive than "A train left Cleveland for Chicago at 4 PM at 20 miles an hour and another train left Chicago for Cleveland at 3 PM at 30 miles an hour. At what time will they meet?" If you're like many students, not only couldn't you figure it out, you couldn't care when they met. Worse, whether you were bold enough to ask the teacher or not, weren't there times you at least thought, "Why do I need to learn this?"
Now imagine this Supercourse version of Algebra 1. On your tablet, laptop or even phone, you see an image of yourself tied to the front of a train. The video starts and In the distance you see another train approaching. You need to figure out whether you have enough time to try to untie yourself. Isn't that more motivating than the standard abstract question? Now imagine that instead of a random teacher, you got, online, a scintillating one who entertainingly and tantalizingly offered you clues to how to figure out how much time you have. Now picture the algebra course filled with such activities. Picture also that the course is gameified, so your performance on each activity earns points and contributes to your getting ever higher-level badges. Of course, your performance, automatically recorded, provides--without taking days off for standardized testing--ongoing assessment, not only to track your achievement level but to give the teacher feedback so s/he can give you better support, either live or by adjusting the online course's approach, for example, faster or slower pace, more verbal or more visual.
You might ask, "But that's an online teacher. What about the human touch?" My response is to ask you, "Wouldn't you rather have a world-class teacher online than the random teacher live?" And the course wouldn't be without human beings. A live teacher could be on-site to answer questions and otherwise provide support. And many of the simulations and other activities would be done in student .
Supercourses would bring other advantages. For example, to serve America's ever more diverse student population. a course could be translated into many languages. While it is important for all students to learn English, newcomers from non-English-speaking countries probably should be taught the difficult algebra in their native tongue.
Would the SuperCourse approach also work for other high school academic subjects?
Let's take English. Imagine you're in a video and Gone With the Wind's Rhett Butler says to you, "Frankly dear, I don't give a damn." Then your online teacher asks you, "What would you say back to him?" Imagine an English course filled with literature's great passages in which you are the protagonist at key moments. Wouldn't you learn more about literature, , and life's universals, as well as have a good time in such a class rather than if a stuffy teacher was lecturing at you all year long?
Now let's consider science. Instead of having to memorize the chemicals in the Krebs cycle, balance acid/base equations, and calculate the force needed to move a 300-pound weight four inches on a surface with a friction coefficient of 1.2, you're, for example, in a with your classmates. On your screen, you're experimenting with different rocket designs and fuels--lots of science and math involved--to see which group can create the rocket that flies furthest. And there's no risk of blowing anything or anyone up.
Or in a history course, instead of the usual fact-larded march through the ages, imagine your face is on that screen during history's greatest decision points. For example, you're President Truman just having been told the pros and cons of dropping a nuclear bomb on Hiroshima. What would you do? And after you've opined, giving your best reasoning, your dazzling instructor would lay out pros and cons and ask you to decide again.
That's why I believe SuperCourses promise an education likely to yield far better learning and greater pleasure than the "innovations" schools implement such as smaller class size, cleaning graffiti from school walls, high expectations, and longer school day.
Why don't we already have SuperCourses?
Part of it is our fault. We've been too conservative. We and our ancestors were taught by a sage on the stage plus worksheets and we feel we turned out all right so we figure that we have bigger battles to fight than to try to reinvent the education system. But if there's a way to help our children to learn more while having a more pleasant experience for all those years in school, shouldn't that be high-priority? That would seem to be especially true since, despite the U.S. spending #1 per capita in the world on education, America flounders near the bottom of the OECD's 34 countries.
The teachers union. Teachers pay dues to the union to protect their jobs. So unions fight innovations such as SuperCourses in case, at some point, someone will argue, "Who needs the live teacher any more?" But to allay the union bosses' , should we deprive our children of an education far more beneficial and pleasurable than what we had and especially than what many at-risk kids have, not just in the U.S. but in developing nations?
It will take a lot of work to create. Of course, developing a high school curriculum of SuperCourses will take significant effort. That's something I believe the federal should take on. Fund it once and the cost gets amortized across millions of students. And there's no need to fund it all at once. Indeed it's prudent to first develop just one course, for example, that bugaboo Algebra course, and pilot-test it against the conventionally taught algebra course as delivered by a random sample of live teachers. Only if the SuperCourse is found superior in learning and student satisfaction, would it make sense to develop SuperCourses in additional subjects.
The takeaway
Depending on your or your position, there's a little or a lot you can do to make SuperCourses a reality. For example, might you send this article to your child's principal to see if s/he might tout it to higher-ups? Might you mention it during the public-comment section of a school board meeting? Might you send a copy of this article to your school district superintendent, state superintendent. or even tweet it to Joseph South, the Education Technology Director for the U.S. Department of Education?
I believe that SuperCourses have the potential to do more to enhance the learning and well-being of all students than any education reform to date. Or at least, wouldn't it be nice if kids could learn algebra in more interesting ways than "A train left Cleveland at 4:00...."?
Here is the link to a video of me reading this article aloud.
Marty Nemko's bio is in Wikipedia. Their new book, their 8th, is The Best of Marty Nemko.
The list of mainstream developers pushing their apps to the Universal Windows Platform continues to grow. Now, CBS has joined in, pushing out a Windows 10 Mobile version of their Universal Windows 10 app to make accessing the networks programming easier and more consistent on Windows 10 and Windows 10 Mobile devices alike.
The app is fairly full-featured, and includes:
Watch full episodes of your favorite CBS shows for free. Enjoy primetime, daytime and late night episodes on-demand from America's most watched network with the app for Windows Phone, PC & Tablet! Stay caught up on hit CBS TV shows like Blue Bloods, CSI: Cyber, NCIS, The Good Wife, The Big Bang Theory, Madam Secretary, 2 Broke Girls, Criminal Minds, The Late Show with Stephen Colbert, The Young and the Restless and many more! * Free primetime episodes in HD with 8 day delay (next day for CBS All Access subscribers)
* Free daytime and late night episodes in HD the day after they air
* Personalized show lists and notifications with ‘My CBS'
* Primetime Schedule
* Resume episode playback from where you left off Get the most out of the app by subscribing to ‘CBS All Access' to enjoy the following exclusive benefits and features: * Next-day access to the latest primetime episodes in HD
* Live TV streaming from local CBS stations (select markets)
* Access to library of over 7,500 episodes including every episode of every season of top shows such as NCIS, The Good Wife, Survivor, Scorpion, and Hawaii 5-0.
* Ad-free viewing for classic shows and fan favorites such as Star Trek, I Love Lucy, CSI: Miami and more.
Note that for a limited time, CBS is offering a free trial to CBS All Access for one month, and then it's a paltry $5.99 per month after that.
Head on over to the Windows Store and download the app. Surely you'll want to watch some Big Bang Theory on your Windows 10 Mobile device, or your Windows 10 machine for that matter.
CBS Developer: CBS Interactive Inc. Price: Free
Share This
Further reading: CBS
People say a lot of dumb things to fat people without knowing it! The ones I hate more than the outright "haha fat dumb cow" comments are the ones that come fom people who mean well, or who pity me. The "dumb fat cow" comments come from dummies who clearly don't know how rad I am, but the well-meaning comments come from people who do not understand that I should not have to continuously place all of my self-worth on how normal-sized I look. And advice from people I did not ask for advice from can be condescending as hell and I hate it.
The doctor part may seem really confusing to people who have not had to go to the doctor as a fat person. I do trust doctors, but also, I hate them constantly telling me the same shit over and over about how I should really lose some weight, despite the fact that I am extremely healthy and at risk for zero illnesses. And in case you think I am exaggerating, I went to the doctor a couple months ago for a weird eye problem, and they wound up giving me a bunch of weight loss tips, even though I told them I was already going to the gym regularly and eating lots of vegetables.
I also have a weird armpit lump but I'm pretty sure it's fine
It hasn't been the best summer of PR for the Tor anonymizing browser, given that one of its prominent developers — Jacob Appelbaum — stepped down amid allegations of “sexual mistreatment” in June.
So it's perhaps not too surprising that the pro-privacy organization has decided now is the time to publish a social contract, promoting what it dubs its commitment to ‘advancing human rights'.
“We believe that privacy, the free exchange of ideas, and access to information are essential to free societies. Through our community standards and the code we write, we provide tools that help all people protect and advance these rights,” Tor writes in the contract, which also includes pledges to be transparent and open; to build tools that are free to use; to widen access via education and advocacy work; and to be honest about the limitations of its technology.
The contract can be read in full below.
Tor (aka The Onion Router) is a network technology designed to increase the privacy of web users by encrypting and randomly routing Internet connections via a worldwide network of volunteer relays — thereby making it harder for individual web connections to be traced back to a particular user.
However the flip-side of any anonymizing technology is the risk of criminals or bad actors using it to cover their tracks. So there's an eternal publicity war to be fought — especially given recent noisy political pushes for there to be ‘no safe spaces for terrorists online'.
It's been clear for some time that encryption technologies are back in the mainstream firing line, as evinced by high profile battles such as Apple's fight with the FBI earlier this year over access to a locked iPhone. Or the UK government's weasel-worded reworking of the legal framework for state investigatory powers in a way that implicitly undermines encryption.
Loudly promoting a human rights and free speech angle appears to be Tor's counter strategy to all that.
The organization has also recently been seeking to diversify its funding away from dependence on its primary backer, the U.S. government — launching a crowdfunding campaign last November to solicit donations from appreciative web users. A first push that netted it more than $200,000. Although the bulk of its financing still comes from the same entity that has used technology for systematic mass surveillance of web users — so there's an inevitable tension between Tor's privacy mission and the (surveillance) state that feeds it.
All of which provides some context for what is perhaps the most specific pledge in the social contract — not to build in any backdoors. “We will never implement front doors or back doors into our projects,” Tor writes.
The rest of the contract, for all its warm-sounding words about transparency and honesty, might be accused of lacking specific substance — if you were reading it with a critical eye and keeping count of qualifiers and caveats.
We've asked Tor why it's publishing a social contract at this point in its evolution and will update this post with any response.
In its PR announcing the social contract it describes it as “a set of behaviors and goals… we want for our community”.
“We want to grow Tor by supporting and advancing these guidelines in the time we are working on Tor, while taking care not to undermine them in the rest of our time. The principles can also be used to help recognize when people's actions or intents are hurting Tor. Some of these principles are established norms; things we've been doing every day for a long time; while others are more aspirational — but all of them are values we want to live in public, and we hope they will make our future choices easier and more open,” it adds.
Here's Tor's six-point social contract in full:
A man wanted for helping orchestrate a car bomb plot involving a female terrorism suspect has been killed in Yabroud, a province of Syria where Hezbollah is fighting alongside the regime, a security source told The Daily Star.
Interior Minister Nouhad Machnouk said in a statement that they ordered the centers, one in Bir Hasan and the other in Ouzai, shut down temporarily starting Monday.
Security measures were beefed up near Berri's residence Friday in the Ain al-Tineh neighborhood of Beirut following media reports that a suicide attack was being planned to assassinate the Amal Movement leader.
Both were reportedly tasked with monitoring the area around former Environment Minister Wiam Wahhab's house in Bir Hasan.
In other security incidents reported around the country, the Lebanese Army also detained Sunday a wanted man after cornering the suspect in a neighborhood of the northern city of Tripoli.
...
A USC-led study confirms what seems increasingly true in American politics: People are hardheaded about their political beliefs, even when provided with contradictory evidence.
Neuroscientists at the Brain and Creativity Institute at USC said the findings from the functional MRI study seem especially relevant to how people responded to political news stories, fake or credible, throughout the election.
“Political beliefs are like religious beliefs in the respect that both are part of who you are and important for the social circle to which you belong,” said lead author Jonas Kaplan, an assistant research professor of psychology at the Brain and Creativity Institute at the USC Dornsife College of Letters, Arts and Sciences. “To consider an alternative view, you would have to consider an alternative version of yourself.”
To determine which brain networks respond when someone holds firmly to a belief, USC neuroscientists compared whether and how much people change their minds on non-political and political issues when provided counterevidence.
They discovered that people were more flexible when asked to consider the strength of their belief in non-political statements — for example, “Albert Einstein was the greatest physicist of the 20th century.”
But when it came to reconsidering their political beliefs, such as whether the United States should reduce funding for the military, they would not budge.
“I was surprised that people would doubt that Einstein was a great physicist, but this study showed that there are certain realms where we retain flexibility in our beliefs,” Kaplan said.
Challenging beliefs
The study was published on Dec. 23 in the Nature journal Scientific Reports. Study co-authors were Sarah Gimbel of the Brain and Creativity Institute and Sam Harris, a neuroscientist for the Los Angeles-based nonprofit Project Reason.
For the study, the neuroscientists recruited 40 people who were self-declared liberals. The scientists then examined through functional MRI how their brains responded when their beliefs were challenged.
During their brain imaging sessions, participants were presented with eight political statements that they had said they believe just as strongly as a set of eight non-political statements. They were then shown five counter claims that challenged each statement.
Participants rated the strength of their belief in the original statement on a scale of 1-7 after reading each counter claim. The scientists then studied their brain scans to determine which areas became most engaged during these challenges.
Participants did not change their beliefs much, if at all, when provided with evidence that countered political statements such as, “The laws regulating gun ownership in the United States should be made more restrictive.”
But the scientists noticed the strength of their beliefs weakened by one or two points when challenged on non-political topics, such as whether “Thomas Edison had invented the light bulb.” The participants were shown counter statements that prompted some feelings of doubt, such as “Nearly 70 years before Edison, Humphrey Davy demonstrated an electric lamp to the Royal Society.”
Thoughts that count
The study found that people who were most resistant to changing their beliefs had more activity in the amygdala (a pair of almond-shaped areas near the center of the brain) and the insular cortex, compared with people who were more willing to change their minds.
“The activity in these areas, which are important for emotion and decision-making, may relate to how we feel when we encounter evidence against our beliefs,” said Kaplan, a co-director of the Dornsife Cognitive Neuroimaging Center at USC.
“The amygdala in particular is known to be especially involved in perceiving threat and anxiety,” Kaplan added. “The insular cortex processes feelings from the body, and it is important for detecting the emotional salience of stimuli. That is consistent with the idea that when we feel threatened, anxious or emotional, then we are less likely to change our minds.”
They also noted that a system in the brain called the default mode network surged in activity when participants' political beliefs were challenged.
“These areas of the brain have been linked to thinking about who we are, and with the kind of rumination or deep thinking that takes us away from the here and now,” Kaplan said.
High-level thinking
The researchers said that this latest study, along with one conducted earlier this year, indicate the default mode network is important for high-level thinking about important personal beliefs or values.
“Understanding when and why people are likely to change their minds is an urgent objective,” said Gimbel, a research scientist at the Brain and Creativity Institute. “Knowing how and which statements may persuade people to change their political beliefs could be key for society's progress,” they said.
The findings can apply to circumstances outside of politics, including how people respond to fake news stories.
“We should acknowledge that emotion plays a role in cognition and in how we decide what is true and what is not true,” Kaplan said. “We should not expect to be dispassionate computers. We are biological organisms.”
The work was supported by the Brain and Creativity Institute at USC and by Project Reason.
More stories about: Neurosciences, Research
For six of 10 Hamilton workers, the one-way commute time to work takes less than half an hour. Conversely, for more than 28,000 unfortunate souls in Hamilton — about one in eight workers — their one-way commute time is more than an hour.
The Hamilton census metropolitan area, which includes Burlington and Grimsby, has the sixth-longest average commute time in Canada — 28.4 minutes each way.
That's behind Toronto (34 minutes), Oshawa (33.5), Barrie (30.7), Montreal (30) and Vancouver (29.7).
Nearly 10 per cent of Hamilton workers say they're regularly on their way to work between 5 and 6 a.m.
Compared to the rest of the province, Hamilton has higher rates of people who drive to work and lower rates of people using public transit to get to work.
About 76 per cent of Hamilton workers drive themselves to work, compared to 72 per cent in Ontario. Just over 10 per cent of Hamilton workers take public transit to work, compared to 15 per cent across Ontario.
The proportion of Hamilton workers who drive to work has increased slightly over the past decade. In 2006, just under 75 per cent of the city's workers drove themselves to work.
Lewchuk said the numbers suggest that public transit in Hamilton is "not particularly convenient."
Less than 1 per cent of Hamilton workers — a little more than 2,200 people — bike to work, and about 5 per cent walk, about the same proportion as the rest of the province.
2016 CENSUS: QUICK FACTS
Education
62 per cent of people in Hamilton between the ages of 25 and 64 have some type of post-secondary degree. That's below the rate for the rest of Ontario, which stands at 65 per cent.
There's a noticeable difference between men and women in Hamilton. Almost 65 per cent of Hamilton women between 25 and 64 have some type of post-secondary degree, compared to less than 59 per cent of men.
The rates of post-secondary education in Hamilton have been rising since 2006. In 2006, 58 per cent of people between 25 and 64 had some type of post-secondary degree. For women, the rate has jumped from 58 per cent in 2006 to 65 per cent.
People in Hamilton are lagging significantly behind the rest of the province when it comes to university degrees. Just 25 per cent of people in Hamilton between the ages of 25 and 64 have a university degree, compared to 32 per cent for the rest of Ontario. For men, the rate is just over 22 per cent in Hamilton compared to 30 per cent for the rest of the province.
More women than men in Hamilton have college diplomas, university bachelor's degrees and master's degrees, while men in Hamilton have more doctorate degrees.
Hamilton also lags behind the rest of the province when it comes to people who obtained their post-secondary qualifications from outside Canada. Less than 15 per cent of people in Hamilton with post-secondary degrees obtained them outside Canada, compared to 21 per cent for the rest of Ontario. In 2006, the rate of foreign-acquired degrees in Hamilton was more than 17 per cent.
• • •
Labour
The hemorrhaging of jobs from manufacturing industries in Hamilton continues at a steady pace. In 2006, just over 16 per cent of Hamilton workers were employed in manufacturing. By 2016, the proportion had dropped to 12 per cent. That's still above the proportion for the rest of Ontario, which stood at a little more than 9 per cent in 2016.
In 2006, nearly a quarter of Hamilton male workers were employed in manufacturing. That rate has dropped to less than 18 per cent in 2016.
About 13 per cent of Hamilton workers are now employed in the health care and social assistance sector, compared to just over 10 per cent for the rest of Ontario.
14 per cent of Hamilton workers are employed in business, finance and administration, and 12 per cent are employed in the retail sector.
Hamilton's unemployment rate in 2016 was 7 per cent, below Ontario's rate of 7.4 per cent. The city's unemployment rate was 6.5 per cent in 2006.
There's a notable difference in unemployment rates between men and women in Hamilton. The rate for men was 7.5 per cent in 2016 compared to 6.5 per cent for women.
Fewer workers in Hamilton work from home compared to the rest of Ontario. About 6 per cent of workers in the city work from home, compared to 7.3 per cent across Ontario.
sbuist@thespec.com
905-526-3226
THE former SNP leader Gordon Wilson has launched a scathing attack on Police Scotland's failures, and says their party's ministers must take their share of responsibility for creating the centralised force.
Mr Wilson called for a “root and branch” reform of the service following the succession of crises to have engulfed Police Scotland, claiming the beleaguered single force should be broken up.
Police Scotland suffered delusions of grandeur Gordon Wilson
Abolition of the much-criticised Scottish Police Authority (SPA), which is supposed to hold the force to account, was another of the recommendations made in a paper drawn up by the former SNP MP, who said there had to be a return to community policing, claiming Police Scotland was suffering from “delusions of grandeur”.
They also accused its higher echelons of arrogance and putting the views of the public second. The merger of Scotland's eight police forces to form a unitary force under Chief Constable Sir Stephen House in 2013 has been one of the Scottish Government's most high-profile undertakings as well as one of its most controversial.
In their report Mr Wilson said: “The problem goes much deeper than Sir Stephen House. Here the parliament, ministers and civil servants must accept responsibility. To ‘retire' Sir Stephen in a cosmetic move will do nothing to tackle the real difficulties of Police Scotland.”
Mr Wilson's outspoken criticism of their SNP colleagues is embarrassing for the Scottish Government. Political opponents described Mr Wilson's remarks as an “extraordinary intervention”, which showed the failure of the SNP's biggest act of public reform and the extent to which the public has lost confidence in Police Scotland.
A series of controversies have dogged Police Scotland since its formation in 2013.
Sir Stephen has faced calls for their resignation following criticism over the arming of police officers, the closure of local stations and high levels of stop and search.
Deep concern has also been expressed at the death in custody of Sheku Bayoh in Kirkcaldy as well as the scandal which saw M9 crash victim Lamara Bell spend three days in a car before police responded to a call reporting the accident.
Mr Wilson, who led the SNP between 1979 and 1990, published a paper arguing the police should be reorganised on a federal basis by re-establishing regional forces.
According to Mr Wilson, the four regional forces should be based in Edinburgh and the Borders, Strathclyde, Tayside Central and Fife plus Grampian and Highlands and Islands.
Each regional unit would have its own chief constable and would be overseen by local authorities.
Police Scotland as a whole would be run by a federal executive board.
Mr Wilson called for the abolition of the Scottish Police Authority. National oversight would then be transferred to the Scottish Parliament justice committee.
They also said the independence of the Police and Investigations Review Commissioner and the Inspectorate should be enhanced.
Mr Wilson said: “Rarely in the history of police forces has everything fallen apart as in the case of Police Scotland. The problems cannot be resolved by cosmetic actions such as a change in chief constable and calls for the resignation of the current Chief Sir Stephen House are puerile and nothing more than shallow political posturing.
“Real thought is needed and this is why I am launching an options paper setting out substantial ideas for change in the hope it will stir debate. This is a challenge to the Labour and Conservative parties as well as the government. Carping on the sidelines is not enough. It is time to engage on an intelligent basis.”
Mr Wilson continued: “Police Scotland suffered from delusions of grandeur. It saw itself as the equivalent of the Met and responsible to no one. Community policing got small shrift. It also became arrogant at top levels. The views of the public came second.
“Thus we had armed police parading around Inverness just as if they were part of a gendarmerie rather than as local police. A poor response to the Sheku Bayoh affair did not help. The final nail in the coffin was the disregarded report on the off-road death on the A9, suggesting that the centralisation of call centres was a step too far and that co-ordination had become dislocated.”
Although they described calls for Sir Stephen's resignation as “puerile”, Mr Wilson questioned the former Strathclyde chief's appointment.
“Questions must be asked,” they said. “Why was the head of the largest police force, Strathclyde, given the job of chief constable when it was known that they were an authoritarian likely to impose controversial Strathclyde policing policies on other parts of the country?”
Labour's public services spokesperson Jackie Baillie reacted to Mr Wilson's outburst saying: “This is an absolutely extraordinary intervention from a former leader of the SNP. For one of the big beasts of Scottish nationalism to say that the biggest public sector reform of the SNP government has been a failure shows the extent of which Police Scotland has lost public confidence.”
A Scottish Government spokesperson said: “A single service has removed the artificial barriers of previous force areas and allows all parts of Scotland better access to specialist services and equipment than ever before. We have confidence that the Scottish Police Authority will continue to perform a vital role.”
Police Scotland referred inquiries to the SPA. A spokesperson for the SPAsaid: “We acknowledge there have been issues and difficulties, and that there is more of that journey of reform ahead of policing than behind it.”
The NHL trade deadline isn't until March 5 at 3 p.m. EST, but the heat could be turned up on general manager's to start dealing in the next month.
With the Olympic break set for Feb. 8 a roster freeze goes into effect until the end of the Sochi Games on Feb. 23. Even when the league does resume play on Feb. 26 there will only be a seven-day window to the deadline.
“The roster freeze will act as a deadline, especially for those teams that want to save a little bit of money,” said a league executive.
“There's a chance to get deals done in the next few weeks that will get money off the books.”
That means if teams like Buffalo, Calgary and Edmonton want to start unloading contracts then they had better get to work. The concern for some teams has to be injuries.
“You have to worry about the fact if some of these guys go to the Olympics and get hurt they won't have any trade value at the deadline,” said the executive. “You might be better off to move these guys now and then not have to concerns yourself.”
THIS ‘N' THAT
The search for a GM in Buffalo is down to the short strokes. President Pat LaFontaine is expected to name their choice soon and Boston assistant Jim Benning is the frontrunner. It's believed Phoenix assistant Brad Treliving was in the mix with the Sabres but the betting money is on Benning to get the job. Some wonder if LaFontaine will just take the job themselves and hire qualified people around them to help provide expertise … Speaking of GM searches, the one in Calgary may be about to officially begin with president Brian Burke getting ready to conduct interviews. You have to think Toronto's assistant GMs Dave Poulin and Claude Loiselle will get a sniff for the Calgary job while Vancouver assistant Laurence Gilman will likely be interviewed. The belief is former Dallas GM Joe Nieuwendyk doesn't have any interest.
OFF THE GLASS
After losing defenceman Dennis Seidenberg for the balance of the season with a knee injury, the Bruins have insisted they will try to fill from within. If that doesn't happen, they could kick tires looking for a blueliner to help them fill the minutes. The Bruins could certainly look at Rangers defenceman Dan Girardi. They have been shopped around because New York Rangers GM Glen Sather is concerned they won't be able to re-sign Girardi, who is a UFA on July 1 … Though many expect Buffalo goalie Ryan Miller to get moved that may not be the case. A UFA in the off-season, the new GM is expected to try to sign them and the Sabres may not be able to get what they want in return if they do move him. The asking price for Miller is three prospects and a No. 1 pick in return if they are going to make a deal. The only option for Miller is St. Louis and they may not be willing to deal.
AT THE BUZZER
Montreal GM Marc Bergevin has been shopping for forward depth for the playoffs. One player they may have looked at is Calgary left wing Curtis Glencross, who has two years left at $2.55 million per-season. You have to think at some point the Flames are going to revisit Glencross and see if he's willing to accept a deal. The Habs are looking to move centre Daniel Briere because they haven't been playing well under coach Michel Therrien and was scratched Thursday in Dallas. Briere won't go just anywhere … The Coyotes will be looking for forward depth. The guy they may have targeted: Sabres winger Matt Moulson.
RUMOURS DU JOUR
As this space has insisted, Carolina GM Jim Rutherford started the ball rolling on trades by dealing defenceman Tim Gleason to the Maple Leafs on New Year's Day in exchange for fellow blueliner John-Michael Liles. The trade doesn't make a whole lot of sense but the thinking amongst league executives is that Gleason hasn't played well all year and needed a change of scenery. The belief is the Hurricanes won't stop there. I've been told by a couple of teams that Rutherford is willing to trade anybody with the exception of centre Eric Staal and their brother Jordan Staal. Teams will certainly call about left wing Jeff Skinner, but they are one of the NHL's top scorers and isn't going anywhere. It's more likely left winger Jiri Tlusty, right winger Tuomo Ruttu and defenceman Ron Hainsey will be moved before the March deadline … Confirm or deny: The day before acquiring right wing Kevin Westgarth from the Hurricanes, Burke ripped the Flames for not being tough enough to play against? … The Avs will have a decision to make on centre Paul Statsny before the deadline in March. Colorado GM Joe Sakic wants to keep Statsny but if the Avalanche get a No. 1 pick and a player thrown at them at the deadline then don't be surprised if the Avs move him.  They are the youngest UFA centre available on the market this summer which means they could have plenty of suitors.
Have a nice Sunday and Happy New Year.
Twitter: @sungarrioch
Caption: Premier Darrell Pasloski with their new cabinet.
(Download high res)
> “The Cabinet ministers announced today bring a great deal of depth and experience to their new jobs, and will serve Yukoners with continued energy and commitment.”
-Premier and Minister of the Executive Council Office Darrell Pasloski
WHITEHORSE—Premier Darrell Pasloski has announced a strengthened and diversified Cabinet and new roles for backbencher MLAs. The changes include one new member of Cabinet, as well as a new Government House Leader, both from rural Yukon.
“I am proud of our government's accomplishments and confident th at these changes will put us in an even stronger position to meet the challenges ahead, serve Yukoners and make our territory an even better place to live, work, play and raise a family,” said Pasloski. “Our new team is built on the strengths and expertise of each minister, while also allowing them to broaden their knowledge and experience within government. This provides for both stability and fresh perspectives.”
The changes announced today take effect immediately.
Premier Darrell Pasloski, MLA for Mountainview Executive Council Office, Finance Minister Elaine Taylor, MLA for Whitehorse West Deputy Premier, Tourism and Culture, Women's Directorate, French Language Services Directorate Minister Brad Cathers, MLA for Lake Laberge Justice, Yukon Development Corporation/Yukon Energy Corporation Minister Doug Graham, MLA for Porter Creek North Education Minister Scott Kent, MLA for Riverdale North Energy Mines and Resources, Highways and Public Works Minister Currie Dixon, MLA for Copperbelt North Community Services, Public Service Commission Minister Wade Istchenko, MLA for Kluane Environment Minister Mike Nixon, MLA for Porter Creek South Health and Social Services, Workers' Compensation Health and Safety Board Minister Stacey Hassard, MLA for Pelly-Nisutlin Economic Development, Yukon Housing Corporation, Yukon Liquor Corporation, Yukon Lottery Commission
“As an MLA representing a riding outside Whitehorse, I am very pleased to be given these new responsibilities,” Pelly-Nisutlin MLA Stacey Hassard said. “I am honoured to become part of a team that has the kind of strong and responsive leadership that our premier offers. Government works better when leaders know, understand and listen to their constituents, and I look forward to providing an additional voice for rural Yukon in Cabinet.”
In addition to the changes to Cabinet, Vuntut Gwitchin MLA Darius Elias becomes caucus chair and government house leader, with Lake Laberge MLA Brad Cathers assuming the role of deputy house leader. Watson Lake MLA Patti McLeod remains deputy speaker and chair of Committee of the Whole of the Yukon Legislative Assembly, and Elias becomes deputy chair of Committee of the Whole.
The MLA for Porter Creek Centre, David Laxton, retains their role as Speaker of the Yukon Legislative Assembly.
-30-
Contact:
Elaine Schiman
Cabinet Communications
867-633-7961
elaine.schiman@gov.yk.ca
New York - With the New York City Department of Health's vote on metzitzah b'peh just weeks away, advocates and religious groups are taking measures to prevent the proposal's passage, including the threat of civil disobedience.
On September 13th, the Department of Health will decide whether parents will be forced to sign an “informed consent” document before the religious practice can be performed on their infant sons. Metzitza b'peh, the final step in a bris mila, involves using oral suction to remove blood from the baby's wound. Although modern-Orthodox rabbis allow the use of a tube as an alternative to direct contact with the infant's incision, Haredi rabbis have maintained that metzitza b'peh must be performed in order for a bris to be valid.
The Forward reports (http://bit.ly/OgnF94) that groups such as Agudath Israel and assorted Hasidic sects have come together to fight the Department of Health's proposed directive, and have met regularly to develop and implement plans to garner support both inside and outside the community.
Advertisement:
Michael Tobman, a political consultant working for these groups, said, “Unless the city is ready to subpoena mohels or break the doors in of synagogues around the city, I don't really think they understand what they're trying to do. This is a community absolutely committed to resisting this ill-considered effort, up to and including civil disobedience.”
Rabbi Chaim Dovid Zwiebel, the executive vice president of Agudah, said they were not certain that the rabbinical leadership would urge civil disobedience, but did say, “Will there be compliance with the regulation? I'm not sure.” They noted that, “There's nothing about filing a consent form that is inherently in conflict with [Jewish law],” but added that Agudah's rabbinical leadership may not want their adherents to sign a form saying that the metzitzah b'peh practice may be hazardous.
The Forward notes that the opposition to the Health Department's measure is so great that even “famously feuding brothers” Rabbis Zalman and Aron Teitelbaum of Satmar both attended a meeting where strategies to counter the Health Department were discussed.
Rabbi David Neiderman of Satmar's United Jewish Organization of Williamsburg remarked, “What we're saying is, allow us to conduct our religious activities the way we've been doing that.”
On this issue, Mayor Bloomberg recently said, “There are certain practices that doctors say are not safe and we will not permit those practices to the extent that we can stop them. You don't have a right to put any child's life in danger, and this clearly does.”
Between 2000 and 2011, 11 babies contracted herpes following their circumcision. Of the 11, two babies died. Proponents of metzitzah b'peh claim that “the rate of infections are low” considering how many times the ritual is performed each year by ultra-Orthodox mohelim. Approximately 10 to 15 babies in Canada, Israel, and the United States have been hospitalized with the herpes virus in the last ten years.
SINCE 2009, NASA has been using the Kepler space observatory to survey our region of the Milky Way in the hope of finding an Earth-like planet suitable for humans.
And the space agency has had some luck with its search — most notably the recent discovery of Earth's bigger, older cousin, Kepler 452.
However, a theoretical study from the Space Telescope Science Institute (STScI) in Baltimore suggests we may be wasting our time as most Earth-like worlds are yet to be born.
An assessment of data collected by NASA's Hubble Space Telescope and Kepler space observatory revealed only eight per cent of the potentially habitable planets that will ever form in the universe have existed since the inception of our solar system some 4.6 billion years ago.
Co-Author of the study Peter Behroozi said they expect the remainder of the planets to form until the sun burns out in 6 billion years.
“Our main motivation was understanding the Earth's place in the context of the rest of the universe,” they said in a statement released by NASA.
“Compared to all the planets that will ever form in the universe, the Earth is actually quite early.”
With data from the Hubble Space Telescope giving astronomers a “family album” of galaxy observations, they have been able to determine the universe was creating stars very quickly 10 billion years ago.
Co-author Molly Peeples said while this process has since slowed, there is still so much hydrogen and helium gas in the universe to ensure new stars and planets will be made for a very long time.
“There is enough remaining material [after the big bang] to produce even more planets in the future, in the Milky Way and beyond,” they said.
However, the researchers add future Earth-like planets are more likely to appear inside giant galaxy clusters and dwarf galaxies because there is a much larger supply of gas required to create stars and accompanying planetary systems.
The findings were published in the October 20 Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society.
The Galaxy S III is making some serious inroads with development that seems to be speeding up with every step. The latest big news to hit SGS3 users is Ubuntu and Backtrack Linux beeing booted onto the device. Honestly, I don't personally see the point of using Linux on an Android device, but if it's Android and you're a true geek, having the option and being actually able to pull it off, is a feat on its own. As for the procedure, we have XDA-Developers forum member tiborri to thank for jotting up a tutorial, and of course, a few pieces of the tutorials have actually been borrowed from other tutorials. So if you have patience and are familiar with executing scripts, read on after the break to learn more about how you can get Linux running on your Galaxy S III.
All images below are courtesy of tiborr.
To start off, you will be needing an app called, Ubuntu Installer Complete Linux Installer developed by zackthespack. This app once launched, will allow you to download and install 3 more apps that are required to get Ubuntu up and running on the device:
VNC Viewer
Android Terminal Emulator
Busybox
Needless to say your device needs to be rooted for this app to function properly. If you haven't already done so, view our rooting guide for the Galaxy S III here. That done, to avoid any issues, install the Omega ROM featured here. Make sure USB debugging is enabled on the device. Now run the app and download the Ubuntu file.
You will now need to run a script that was originally written by zacthespack (download). Once this is downloaded, copy this script (ubuntu.sh) and the ubuntu file downloaded via Ubuntu Installer onto the internal memory of the phone in a folder named Ubuntu.
With all the data in its place, you now need to run the Android Terminal, and enter the following commands:
su cd /sdcard/ubuntu sh ubuntu.sh
Now you will be asked to input the resolution of your device, so in the case of SGS 3, enter in 1280×720.
You will now be asked to set this resolution as default. Press Y.
If you're asked to put in a password, type in Ubuntu and press enter. Proceed to running the VNC Viewer and enter in the following settings as displayed in the screenshots below.
All these settings set, simply tap Connect and if you did everything correct and don't normally sustain bad luck, Ubuntu will boot up on the device.
If you've gotten this far, congratulations! For updates and queries related to this awesome mod, head over to the forum thread at XDA-Developers.
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER
Okay, this is going to be a bit of an encyclopedia article, so bear with me...
The Japanese version of F-Zero GP Legend was compatible with the e-Reader. Content that could be scanned in included machine unlocks, courses and staff ghosts. When the game was localized for international releases, the e-Reader functionality was removed. Certain e-Reader exclusive machine unlocks were converted to in-game unlocks instead, and staff ghost/e+ course features were dropped entirely.
Two series of e-Reader cards were produced for the game: Pillow Pack and Carddas Version (roughly; they are Japanese, after all). Pillow Pack cards were available at retail like most forms of e-Reader distribution, but the Carddas cards were exclusive to promotional vending kiosks. While most of the Carddas set is duplicated in the Pillow Pack set, a handful of cards in each category are not. These are among the rarest e-Reader cards, and are elusive enough that they haven't been dumped and archived by hackers on the internet yet.
So I guess " part 1 " of this thread is, does anyone know anyone who can get photos/scans of the Carddas Version cards? I can get the data off of mere images of the cards, and the internet at large would be grateful. They just gotta be really high DPI because those dot codes are tiny.
Since I have little interest in staff ghosts, the main draw for me is those e-Reader exclusive courses. It's a little piece of F-Zero that I never knew existed until recently, and I have all the games including a 64DD and F-Zero X Expansion Kit (brag, brag). The thought of official courses that I'd never played was too much of a draw, so I did a big cannonball into the internet to see what I could dig up.
The full set of Pillow Pack card data has been dumped and is available online. I was able to use those dumps to produce save files containing the 16 e-Reader courses thereon. Carddas Version cards, as mentioned before, are unavailable, meaning 4 courses are in danger of being lost to the ages. Fortunately, I found someone who had one of them and they were able to get me their save data.
This makes " part 2 " as follows: does anyone know where I might find some save files for the game that may contain the other 3 missing e-Reader courses? I figure there must be some repository on the Japanese 'net, but Google unfortunately thinks the English phrase "gba saves" means "Pokémon ROMs".
Again, the full set of Carddas Version cards would be preferred, but the bare minimum required to complete the set of courses is save data for the courses on the following cards:
14-B002 Red Canyon 1 Dragon
14-B003 Lightning 1 Light Bulb
14-B004 Mist Flow 1 Flower 3 __________
So what am I going to do with these courses, keep them for myself? Of course not! I have two projects in mind...
Years and years ago, back before I released my F-Zero X level editor and before the actual F-Zero X Expansion Kit could be emulated (go to 64DD.org if this is news to you), I released a little program that could patch Expansion Kit courses into an F-Zero X ROM file. It's a trivial matter to make one of these to inject e-Reader courses into a GP Legend save file, but it just wouldn't be right without the full set of 20 courses. If there's enough demand for it in the short term, though, I'd be happy to put one together.
My main project, on the other hand, is a ROM hack that implements a new Card e+ Cup in the game. I'll have to reconstruct the course select menu in international versions since all of the e-Reader code is completely absent from the game program, but I can use the Japanese version's code as a reference. I envision another cup in the same vein as Platinum that contains more than 5 courses (in this case, all 20 e-Reader courses), and I would also like to set it up to be raced in Grand Prix mode.
So that's what I can bring to the party. With scans or photos of the cards, I can make sure the data gets archived. Either with that or save data of the scanned courses, I can produce this mouth-watering ROM hack. All I need is the data now, and I'm hoping you guys can help me get it rounded up.
General Douglas MacArthur and Japanese Emperor Hirohito: After decades
of marauding across Asia and committing crimes on par with the Nazis, a new
Constitution was drawn up under the Allied occupation that followed World
War II. The document, under which Japan renounced the sovereign right to
wage war, has never been amended.
Imposed 66 Years Ago, the Time Has Come for Japan to Revise Our 'Pacific Constitution' (Iwate Nippo Shimbun, Japan)
"Now, within each party, there seems to be a reliable set of supporters for amending the Constitution, while the number of those who oppose it is on the decline. ... One way or the other, today's political focus and the heated debate on the Constitution is forcing Japan to confront this issue and act."
EDITORIAL
Translated By Nakako Hashimoto
February 21, 2013
Japan - Iwate Nippo Shimbun - Original Article (Japanese)
Japan Prime Minister Shinzo Abe: As friction with China and North Korea grows, Abe, the most right-wing Japanese leader in years, wants to revise Japan's post-war constitution for the first time. After decades as one of the world's most peaceful nations, can Japan again be trusted to have a national military? PRESS TV VIDEO, IRAN [STATE-RUN]: Japan's new prime minister wants to revise pacifist constitution, Dec. 22, 2012, 00:02:34
With China's continuing attempts to expand its maritime jurisdiction on one side, and a nuclear-armed North Korea on the other, peace and stability in the Far East is at stake. Amid imminent danger and existing threats, the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP), headed by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe - who seeks a comprehensive revision of the Constitution - won a historic landslide victory in the general election and has been returned to power. The idea of revising the Constitution appears increasingly realistic.
Abe has laid down guidelines for the current debate on amending the Constitution, saying that above all, the focus should be on revising Article 96, which outlines the requirements for initiating constitutional amendments. In a Diet session at the end of January, Abe clearly stated, "The first thing we have to do is work on revising Article 96, which is something many parties and factions feel is necessary."
[Editor's Note: Article 96 says that amendments require the approval of two-thirds of the members of both houses of the National Diet, before they can be presented to the people in a referendum].
The central focus for amending the Constitution is Article 9, which renounces the waging of war "as a sovereign right of the nation." But because they believe that revising the procedure for amending the Constitution will win wider approval than dealing with any specific issue, Abe emphasized that before dealing with Article 9, their administration would move to weaken the provisions of Article 96.
The draft constitutional amendment submitted by the LDP last April calls for a revision of Article 96, so that the number of votes necessary for approving a constitutional amendment would be cut from at least two-thirds of both houses of the National Diet to a simple majority in each chamber.
In June 2011, a parliamentary group was established by a number of Diet members, headed by the then-ruling Democratic Party and LDP, the sole purpose of which is to pursue a revision of Article 96. It welcomed as advisers the last three prime ministers - Yoshiro Mori, Taro Aso and Shinzo Abe. At its first meeting, there were participants from the People's New Party, New Komeito, Your Party, and non-partisan groups. It has been reported that there were a total of 100 participants and 200 of their supporters present.
Graphic from the Yomuiri Shimbun
SEE ALSO ON THIS:
Ryukyu Shimpo Shimbun, Japan: Okinawans Will Not be 'Pawned Away' to Curry U.S. Favor
Okinawa Times, Japan: Futenma Relocation Plan a 'Slap in the Face' to Okinawa People
Ryukyu Shimpo Shimbun, Japan: Battle of Okinawa Victims Deserve Better from Government
Okinawa Times, Japan: Okinawans will 'Spew Magma' Over Crimes of U.S. Forces
Global Times, China: Continued Dependence on America is Bad for Japan
Ibaraki Shimbun, Japan: After Osprey Deployment, Japan Government 'Cannot Be Trusted'
Chunichi Shimbun, Japan: On Okinawa Battle Anniversary, People Feel Abandoned
Ryukyu Shimpo, Japan: Okinawans Unswervingly Against Defective Osprey
Tokushima Shimbun, Japan: Okinawa Deserves Freedom from American Bases
Yomiuri Shimbun, Japan: Okinawa Governor 'Adament' About Osprey
Asahi Shimbun, Japan: Opposition to Osprey Deployment Grows
The Okinawa Times, Japan: It's Time to End Japan's 'Servitude to America'
Nishinippon Shimbun, Japan: It's Imperative for Japan to Look Outward Again
Nishinippon Shimbun, Japan: Revise Inequitous U.S.-Japan Security Deal
Ryukyu Shimpo Shimbun, Japan: After Quake, Japan Can Ill Afford U.S. Base Repair
People's Daily, China: Australia Should Avoid Helping U.S. Hurt China's Interests
Australia: Aussie Coverage of Obama's Visit to Darwin; Their Challenge to China
Isen Shimbun, Japan: Despite its Mistakes, Japan Needs U.S. More than Ever
Now, within each party, there seems to be a reliable set of supporters for amending the Constitution, while the number of those who oppose it is on the decline. Further, with conservatives playing the largest and most influential role in the Diet, it cannot be said that amending the Constitution is exclusively Abe's personal agenda or that of the LDP.
On the issue of the right to collective self defense, Abe told the Diet, "I am determined to find an appropriate way to respond to the current national security environment." They also mentioned revisiting the constitutional interpretation put forward by Zenko Suzuki's cabinet in 1981, that while Japan has the right to individual and collective self-defense under international law, it cannot exercise that right because of its pacifist Constitution. While this movement may be welcomed in the Diet, it is an open question whether this reflects public opinion.
Posted By Worldmeets.US
In the last general election, the LDP made no direct comments about the debate on amending the Constitution. Instead, it focused on the importance of economic recovery as a strategy to win votes. For Abe to stabilize their administration, it is crucial to their cabinet that the LDP not only win the House of Councilors elections this summer, but that it carefully handle the debate on amending the Constitution.
It has been 66 years since the Constitution was imposed in 1947, and it has been six years since the National Referendum Law was enacted. One way or the other, today's political focus and the heated debate on the Constitution is forcing Japan to confront this issue and act.
CLICK HERE FOR JAPANESE VERSION
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Disqus
Posted By Worldmeets.US Feb. 21, 2013, 1:40am
A A
OAK HARBOR, Wash. -- Pro gun activists poured into Oak Harbor City Hall Tuesday night to speak out against a councilman who {A href="http://www.komonews.com/news/local/188298651.html"}tried to ban guns from city meetings.
It was standing room only inside council chambers, and many attendees proudly announced they were carrying weapons. The men and women turned out to tell the council the city's gun ban in local parks is illegal and the attempt to ban guns at City Hall is out of line.
After hearing from residents on both sides of the issue, the council concentrated its focus on the rule of law. State law specifically blocks cities from banning guns, and Second Amendment supporters have already threatened to sue.
With those facts in mind, the council voted to lift the ban.
Oak Harbor was thrust into the national spotlight two weeks ago with an Army veteran named Lucas Yonkman.
Yonkman almost always carries a concealed handgun on their hip, and they brought their gun to an Oak Harbor City Council meeting last month to talk about lifting the ban on firearms in city parks. They also sparked a disruption that soon became national news.
After Yonkman told the council they were carrying a gun last month, Councilman Rick Almberg proposed a vote to ban guns at public meetings. When that motion failed, Almberg walked out of the meeting.
"I feel like that is abandoning your post, so to speak. (Almberg) was there to do a job," Yonkman said.
That's not how Almberg sees it. The councilman said he's also a gun owner, but doesn't think council chambers is a place for armed citizens.
"I do not believe that they should be in there, even though it's lawful, and I still stick by that position," they said.
The whole debate traces back to a letter from the Second Amendment Foundation to Oak Harbor's city council and mayor. The letter said the city's ban on firearms in city parks and the marina is out of compliance with state law.
"We really need to handle this issue with the city parks, and the fact that the city is not in line with Washington State law," Yonkman said.
Last month's walkout touched a nerve around the nation and led to a stack of emails and letters in the mayor's office.
Mayor Scott Dudley is critical of Almberg and other councilmembers for demanding on-the-spot gun restrictions at City Hall. They also said they can't be legally enforced.
"I think you have a councilmember overstepping their bounds and exercising power this councilmember doesn't have," Dudley said.
Almberg did have their supporters at Tuesday's meeting.
"More guns in more hands in more places didn't make people safer, it just made people more dead," said Pam Flick.
When the vote was cast, Almberg stood their ground and voted to keep the ban. They said they don't regret their headline-grabbing walkout, but they want to move on from it.
"This issue has been a little bit of a diversion to the big things that we have to do," they said.
Supporters of the ban say they'll urge state and national leaders to loosen rules so cities can decide gun laws for themselves.
Human skin is an amazing organ -- protective, waterproof, and exceedingly useful. It's also constantly changing and regenerating itself. That said, what happens to dead skin cells? You might be a little grossed out to find out where they go and just how many you lose each day.
Your skin is composed of several layers. The layer you can see is called the epidermis. It's composed of cells made of keratin, a hard substance that also forms your hair and nails. In other species, keratin forms hooves, claws, horns, and even the shells of turtles and the spines of porcupines. The individual cells are called keratinocytes [source: National Geographic].
New keratinocytes grow at the lowest level of the epidermis, which bonds with the next layer, the dermis. The new skin cells gradually push their way to the top layer. When they reach the top, they die and are "weathered" by the environment and your daily activities. The top "dead" layer is called the stratum corneum. Eventually, the dead cells break away from the epidermis and fall off, making room for newer cells growing up from below. It takes roughly one month for new cells to get all the way to the top layer, meaning the skin you have a month from today will be completely new compared to the skin you have now.
If you're wondering exactly how many skin cells fall off, get ready for some staggering numbers. Scientists estimate that the human body is made up of around 10 trillion cells in total. Your skin makes up about 16 percent of your body weight, which means you have roughly 1.6 trillion skin cells [source: BBC]. Of course, this estimate can vary tremendously according to a person's size. The important thing is that you have a lot of skin cells. Of those billions of skin cells, between 30,000 and 40,000 of them fall off every hour. Over a 24-hour period, you lose almost a million skin cells [source: Boston Globe].
Where do they all go? The dust that collects on your tables, TV, windowsills and on those picture frames that are so hard to get clean is made mostly from dead human skin cells. In other words, your house is filled with former bits of yourself. In one year, you'll shed more than 8 pounds (3.6 kilograms) of dead skin. It gets even grosser: Your house is also filled with trillions of microscopic life forms called dust mites that eat your old dead skin.
If you can stomach learning lots more information about your skin, see the links below.
Related Articles
Sources
Trailer for Toy Story 3.
The creators of the beloved Toy Story films re-open the toy box and bring moviegoers back to the delightful world of Woody, Buzz and our favorite gang of toy characters in Toy Story 3. No toy gets left behind.
Tom Hanks and Tim Allen (Woody and Buzz) recorded their lines together for Toy Story 3, after having done so for the previous Toy Story installments. This is rarely done in voice over work.
Once again, John Morris returns to voice the character of Andy. They have been Andy's voice throughout all the Toy Story movies, but a substitute had to be used to voice younger Andy in flashbacks during Toy Story 3, since Morris' voice is broken.
Look out for Sid Phillips, the antagonist from the original Toy Story movie, making an appearance in Toy Story 3 as a garbage man.
Wondering why Toy Story 3 took so long to come together? Well, for a start, there are 302 characters in the film, and Ken alone wears 21 different outfits!
The toys are back in town! There are few movies more enjoyable than Toy Story, and its sequel, Toy Story 2, is one of those rare instances where a franchise absolutely nails it and produces a sequel of equal standing, if not even better than the original.
Now, we meet up with Andy's toys, including Buzz, Woody, Rex, Hamm and Mr Potato Head, as Andy prepares to leave for college. Understandably, the toys are worried for their fate so rather than risk being thrown out in the trash, they decide to donate themselves to daycare.
We all know how brutal young kids can be, right? Especially when they move in a pack. This Toy Story 3 trailer gives a fair hint at what our toys are subjected to but it gets even worse when they discover an underground gang run by mobster boss Lotso' Huggin Bear.
The question is; if Buzz, Woody and the gang can ever escape Sunnyside daycare, what awaits them on the outside now that Andy is all grown up?
As the trailer suggests, Toy Story 3 is the perfect continuation of a franchise that most of us have grown up with. It features all the characters we love, being just as hilarious and lovable as always, as well as some brand-new ones too. You will laugh, you will cry (a lot) and you will love every single second.
Former Illinois Gov. George Ryan will be leaving prison and heading to a halfway house after serving more than five years for corruption. Their departure from prison follows a rich, if ignominious, history in Illinois of ex-governors arriving in and departing from prison.
Of Illinois' last seven governors, four have ended up going to prison. They are:
—Rod Blagojevich — Governor from 2002 through 2009, when they became the first Illinois governor in history to be impeached. Convicted of numerous corruption charges in 2011, including allegations that they tried to sell or trade President Barack Obama's old Senate seat.
— George Ryan — Governor from 1999 through 2003. After leaving office, was convicted of racketeering for actions as governor and secretary of state. In November 2007, began serving a 6 1/2-year sentence in federal prison.
— Dan Walker — Governor from 1973-1977. Pleaded guilty to bank fraud and other charges in 1987 related to their business activities after leaving office. Spent about a year and a half in federal prison.
— Otto Kerner — Governor from 1961-1968. Resigned to become judge, then was convicted of bribery related to their tenure as governor. Sentenced to three years in prison.
This might be the only way in which Georgia tailback Todd Gurley is like most football players: The physical pain of playing an SEC football game for them is nothing compared to the emotional pain of losing one.
“It just hurts, man," said Gurley, fighting back tears after Georgia's 38-35 loss at South Carolina on Saturday. "This hurts more than … It just hurts. It hurt me bad.”
Gurley ran for a game-high 131 yards on 20 carries (and that didn't include a 54-yard touchdown run in the first half that was called back because of a holding penalty on the Bulldogs). The performance included some other highlight-reel runs -- such as a 17-yard carry where they reversed field and somehow managed to get a third-and-long.
But it wasn't enough to overcome the Gamecocks or their home crowd, making the second defeat for Gurley at Williams-Brice Stadium in their UGA career.
“This place is unbelievable, man," they said. "It's one of the craziest environments I've ever been in. Once you give the fans something to be excited about, it's hard to shut them up.”
And afterward, speaking with the media and a long stretch in the locker room, Gurley was disappointed with the result
“It's just the same thing over again," Gurley said. "You just get tired of losing, dude, just tired of getting let down. But we're going to move on. We're going to bounce back. We're going to get it right.”
Photo by Jeff Blake/USA Today Sports Images
The Minnesota Wild has assigned forward Mike Rupp to the Iowa Wild of the American Hockey League (AHL) on a conditioning loan. The team also announced today it has placed defenseman Keith Ballard on Injured Reserve with an upper-body injury suffered Nov. 5 against Calgary.
Rupp was designated Injured, Non-Roster on Sept. 30 with a lower-body injury and has not appeared in a game this season. The 6-foot-5, 235-pound native of Cleveland, Ohio, collected four points (1-3=4), a plus-1 rating and 67 penalty minutes (PIM) in 32 games with the Wild last season. They also skated in four playoff games with Minnesota. Rupp owns 98 points (54-44=98) and 832 PIM in 597 career NHL games with New Jersey, Phoenix, Columbus, Pittsburgh, the New York Rangers and Minnesota. The 33-year-old was acquired by Minnesota from the Rangers on Feb. 4, 2013 in exchange for Darroll Powe and Nick Palmieri.
Iowa begins a six-game homestand by hosting Chicago on Wednesday, San Antonio on Saturday and Milwaukee on Sunday this week.
Ballard, 30 (11/26/82), has recorded four assists and ranks tied for third on the team with a plus-6 rating in nine games with Minnesota this season.
Latest Android Experiments Include a Home Screen Arcade, Animal Detection, and More
We generally see new Android Experiments sprinkled in throughout the year, but with Google I/O coming up there was a wave of projects that the company just made public on their landing page. For those unaware, Android Experiments is a way for Google to document and showcase some creative and open source projects that utilize Android in one way or another. The goal here is to show off some creative ideas in hopes to inspire other developers to build something bigger.
Animal Detection Device
5 new Android Experiments were published recently with the first being a device that uses machine learning & Android Things to detect animals in the wild. The project uses cameras, sensors and neural networks to detect when a bear, moose, elk or mountain lion is present. When something is detected then it records an image as well as the environmental data.
Shortstories
Next up is an experiment called Shortstories and this one is a whole platform for text-based games using various elements of the Android System UI.
Notifications indicate scenarios in a story, App Shortcuts provide a means of making a choice, and then there are icons, vibration patterns and sounds the different scenarios and actions available.
Home Screen Arcade
Then there is the Home Screen Arcade experiment which uses the wallpaper of your home screen as a canvas for an arcade game. The demo video shows you laying out arcade buttons (which are widgets) and then using them to play a game of Space Invaders on the home screen and behind your icons. There are also some other games available in this experiment though, such as Pac-Man and Tetris.
Camarada
The next Android Experiment that was recently published is one called Camarada. This is an application that both syncs and links nearby smartphones to form dynamic camera arrays. Once the application has been installed and launched, it will check for other devices which are also running the software. Once paired, you can produce some 3D video that previously required expensive equipment to do.
Taskzy
Lastly is an experiment called Taskzy, which is an application that opens other applications for you based on the task you need to complete. Taskzy can also just remind you to open a specific application though, which again, is based on the context of the task you need to complete.
As we near Google I/O, we hope to see more and more interesting experiments come out of the Android Experiments project. Although some of these projects don't really serve any practical purpose, they still demonstrate what's possible for developers to make on the Android platform. We hope these projects inspire some of you to go out and create innovative apps!
A few weeks back, the lovely Tartelette posted a delicious-looking recipe for these tartelettes. How scrumptious! But I didn't plan on making them anytime soon… until I realized that I needed to put together some kind of apple tart to take with me to a dessert-tasting at the cafe I'll be baking for (which is opening in TWO WEEKS! Hurray!). And I needed it… for the next day. Eek. I pulled this one up and saw that I had everything I needed, so away I went!
Apple Frangipane Tartelettes
(recipe from Tartelette)
Serves 8 (3″ tarts; makes 6 if you use 4″ tart pans, as I did)
Sable Dough:
1 stick (115 gr) butter, at room temperature
3/4 cup (93 gr) powdered sugar
1 large egg
1 1 /2 cups (188gr) flour
2 tablespoons (20 gr) cornstarch (makes for a lighter crumb)
pinch of salt
In a mixer, cream the butter and sugar together until light and fluffy. Add the egg and mix until combined. Add the flour, cornstarch and salt and mix briefly to incorporate. Dump the whole mixture onto a lightly floured board and gather the dough into a smooth ball. Do not work the dough while in the mixer or it will toughen up. Flatten the dough into a disk, wrap it in plastic wrap and refrigerate for an hour.
When the dough is nice and cold, roll it out on a lightly floured board or in between the sheets of plastic. You will need half the amount of dough to make the tartelettes. The other half can be kept in the fridge for up to 5 days or frozen, well wrapped for up to 3 months. Cut out rounds with a 3 inch pastry ring. Place them on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper and bake at 350F for 8-10 minutes. Let cool.
[Since I don't have 3″ tart rings, I put the dough circles into my paper tart liners and baked it in there. It came out fine.]
If For the Honey Roasted Apples:
4 medium apples
1/2 cup honey
Preheat the oven to 350F. Peel core and cut the apples in thin slices. Lay them on a couple of parchment paper lined baking sheets and drizzle at will with the honey. Bake for 10-15 minutes until golden. Let cool.
[Next time, I'd add another apple. I was running a little short on ‘petals' by the time tart #6 rolled around]
For the Frangipane Cream:
1 stick (115 gr) butter, softened
1/2 cup (100 gr) granulated sugar
1 cup (100 gr) ground almond
seeds from one vanilla bean or 2 teaspoons vanilla paste or extract
2 eggs
1/4 cup (60gr) heavy cream
Place the butter, sugar, almond powder, vanilla bean seeds and the eggs in a large bowl and whisk until smooth (can also be done in a food processor). Add the cream but stir in it instead of whisking not to emulsify it or it will rise while baking. Refrigerate for 30 minutes. Place 8 baked rounds of dough in 8 pastry rings, divide the cream evenly among the rings and bake 20 minutes at 350F. Let cool. Once cooled, remove the tarts from the rings and arrange the apple slices decoratively on top.
Here's a picture of the tart before arranging apples on top:
And another shot of it all dolled up:
Verdict? These were moderately simple to make, and wonderfully tasty. They were a hit with Jeff and their friend H, and most importantly, with the owner of the cafe! I think these will be going into the case, for sure.
Advertisements
Spacetime Studios have made available their hugely popular 3D mobile MMORPGs 'Pocket Legends' and 'Star Legends' in Chrome Web Store. These games are now playable on Windows, Mac and Linux via native client (NaCl).
have made available their hugely popular 3D mobile MMORPGs 'Pocket Legends' and 'Star Legends' in Chrome Web Store. These games are now playable on Windows, Mac and Linux via native client (NaCl).
With this step, Spacetime Studios have become the first and only company at the moment to provide 3D MMORPGs that work on mobile (Android, iOS) as well as desktop devices. I have tried Pocket Legends in Linux, it works out of the box, with no lag/crashes and runs with full hardware acceleration. Considering its a browser game and have 3D graphics, the performance it pretty impressive. Check out Chrome Web Store launch trailer and gameplay videos below.
Image copyright EPA Image caption Officers are pursuing a male suspect aged about 50 who appeared in security video footage in a supermarket near Konstanz
An extortionist has contaminated adult and baby food in Germany in the hope of gaining millions of euros, police say.
The blackmailer claimed to have poisoned items in German supermarkets, with traces later found in baby food.
Officials in the city of Konstanz say that the threatening email was sent to unspecified food retailers.
It is reported to have warned that food would be poisoned throughout Europe unless 11.7m euros were paid. Police are seeking one man seen on camera.
A nationwide alert for Germany has been issued after officials in the south of the country last week said they were informed that five jars of baby food had been tampered with.
The jars were found to contain ethylene glycol, an odourless toxic liquid. So far there are no reports of any injuries.
The colourless substance has a sweet taste and is known to attract children and animals.
Officials have not said which retailers were targeted.
"We are taking the threat very seriously," Konstanz deputy chief of police Uwe Stuermer said in a news conference. "[But] there is no reason for panic or hysteria."
Police have nevertheless alerted people buying groceries to be aware of suspect packaging which may have been tampered with.
Officers are pursuing a male suspect aged about 50 who appeared in security video footage in a supermarket located in a town near Konstanz.
The footage has been made public so that officers can, if necessary, rule them out of their inquiries.
Authorities in the south-western state of Baden-Württemberg have meanwhile pledged to increase the number of food safety checks to try and identify any contaminated items.
But they have warned that such measures cannot easily be carried out.
"The case is difficult because the blackmailer did not say which food will be targeted or what poison they will use," a consumer protection official quoted by Reuters said.
Microscopic, high-tech "nanotubes" that are being made for use in a wide variety of consumer products cause the same kind of damage in the body as asbestos does, according to a study in mice that is raising alarms among workplace safety experts and others.
Within days of being injected into mice, the nanotubes -- which are increasingly used in electronic components, sporting goods and dozens of other products -- triggered a kind of cellular reaction that over a period of years typically leads to mesothelioma, a fatal form of cancer, researchers said.
Only longer versions of the vanishingly small fibers have that toxic effect, the study found. And further experiments must be done to prove that the engineered motes can cause problems when inhaled, the way most people might be exposed to them.
But the preliminary evidence of cancer risk is strong enough to justify urgent follow-up tests and government guidance for nano factory workers, who are most likely to be exposed, experts said. Others called for labels to guide consumers or recyclers, who might encounter the material when incinerating or otherwise destroying discarded nano products.
"In a sense, we are forewarned and forearmed now with respect to nanotubes," said Anthony Seaton of the Institute of Occupational Medicine in Edinburgh, Scotland, who contributed to the research, published in yesterday's online edition of the journal Nature Nanotechnology. "We know that some of them probably have the potential to cause mesothelioma. So those sorts of materials need to be handled very carefully."
The research comes at a crucial time in the science, business and regulation of nanotechnology, a promising new field that involves the creation of particles a few billionths of a meter in diameter.
Such minuscule bits of material behave very differently than larger pieces of the very same substances. So while some kinds of carbon in chunks do not conduct electricity well, for example, nanotubes made of carbon atoms conduct it easily, making them useful in computer components and other materials that would be harmed by a buildup of static charges.
Companies around the world have begun to churn out thousands of tons of nanomaterials per year, including nanotubes, spherical nanoscale "Buckyballs" and other engineered specks called quantum dots, which show promise in medical diagnosis. Nanotubes alone are expected to be a $2 billion industry within the next few years.
But that production frenzy has raised concerns because the materials are being regulated on the basis of what they are made of -- such as "carbon" -- even though, by virtue of their size, some pose very different health and environmental risks.
The amount of government money going into environmental and health impacts of nanomaterials has been far outweighed by federal spending to support the fledgling industry. That is an issue Congress is currently wrestling with as it prepares to reauthorize the National Nanotechnology Initiative, which has been pumping about $1.5 billion a year into research, with only about 5 percent focused directly on health and safety.
"We've got to have the right research and really fast," said Andrew Maynard of the Project on Emerging Nanotechnologies in Washington, a co-author of the new research report. "We've got to have a strategy in place. But no matter what the government says, if you look at it, there is not a clear vision of where they need to be or a plan of how to get there."
The new study, led by Ken Donaldson of the MRC/University of Edinburgh Centre for Inflammation Research, tracked the short-term effects of various kinds of carbon nanotubes and asbestos fibers injected into the animals' abdomens, near the mesothelium, tissue surrounding the lungs and other organs. The mesothelium is where certain kinds of asbestos fibers tend to migrate after being inhaled. The longer nanotubes caused granulomas, early cellular changes that can eventually lead to cancer.
"We need information about exposure to these materials in the workplace," Donaldson said. Unfortunately, Maynard added, scientists have not even agreed on what the best method is for measuring airborne levels of nanotube dust.
Brooke Mossman, a professor who heads the University of Vermont's environmental pathology program, said they were not persuaded by the experiment, because no one knows whether the doses used reflect realistic conditions and because the nanotubes were injected instead of inhaled.
"The system is so artificial, it's hard to evaluate what to make of this," they said. They also said that granulomas are a common reaction to irritants and do not necessarily portend cancer.
Seaton, in a media briefing, countered that granulomas formed by fibers in the mesothelium always progress to cancer.
Vicki Colvin, who heads the Center for Biological and Environmental Nanotechnology at Rice University, said that although the research "indicates that we should be handling these materials with a great deal of caution," it was their impression that most manufacturers are already using gloves and masks and other protections that are probably adequate. "I think they are taking control measures very seriously," they said.
But they agreed with others that because industry has been less than forthcoming about what exactly it is making and by what processes, little is known about the risks that workers and the public may face.
"I think we are really coming to a critical juncture relating to transparency and flight attendantship," said John M. Balbus, health program chief at the Environmental Defense Fund, which has been collaborating with big nanotech companies such as DuPont to create safety principles for the industry. "We will see whether various companies are going to be proactive and up front with people, and communicate openly in a way that inspires confidence and not repeat mistakes that other industries made in the past where there was too much denial and it comes back to haunt them."
It appears that the Microsoft Surface Book 2 is the laptop to beat for the holiday season. Since its release in mid-November, Microsoft's star device has landed great sales and critical acclaim.
Matt Weinberger of Business Insider is one of the Surface Book 2's biggest fans, claiming it to possibly be their favorite computer ever. They further note how Microsoft is pulling ahead of Apple in operating system and hardware innovation. Andrew E. Freedman of Laptop Mag also believes the Surface Book 2 is better than the MacBook Pro.
“The Surface Book 2 isn't as pretty as the MacBook Pro, but it lasts longer, has an innovative detachable display and offers more ports and stronger graphics. If you're a creative, it's hard to argue against that powerful GTX 1050 or 1060 GPU.”
Freeman believes the MacBook Pro is okay for people who need portable machines and swear on Apple's ecosystem, but believes the Surface Book 2's better overall functionality puts it at the top. However, not all the commenters after the article agree.
“The software and the Apple ecosystem is why MacBook users choose it. I have found Windows 10 to be terribly unreliable and privacy stealing. You can play the spec game all day, but it won't get you anywhere with people in the Apple ecosystem,” says TBaggens.
“Screen on Macbook have [sic] anti-reflective coating so it fills much better in a lot of scenarios,” claims user3.
The Surface Book 2 has earned high praise from consumers and critics. Featured image credit: Daryl Deino
Many critics note that with the Surface Book 2, Microsoft has come a long way. The Surface Book 1, released in October of 2015, was a quality control disaster that had problems with display drivers, touchpad drivers, detaching the screen from the base, and just about everything else. By the time Microsoft fixed those problems with driver updates in the spring of 2016, it was already too late, and the Surface Book had an awful reputation.
Problems with the Surface Book, as well as the Surface Pro 4 and earlier Microsoft devices, led Consumer Reports to take all Surface devices off their list of recommended products.
“Consumer Reports is removing its ‘recommended' designation from four Microsoft laptops and cannot recommend any other Microsoft laptops or tablets because of poor predicted reliability in comparison with most other brands,” the report pointed out, even though they admitted that the 2017 Surface Pro or Surface Laptop weren't considered for this action that some saw as a blow to Microsoft.
According to Windows Central, Microsoft's Surface Team lead Panos Panay claimed that customer satisfaction from users who own a Surface Book or Surface Pro is very high (98 percent), and that the Surface Team's mission has always been to make devices that deliver great experiences to customers. Judging from the response to the new Surface Book 2, it looks like Panay may certainly be onto something.
BOSTON — Brandon Crawford, the splendid shortstop for the San Francisco Giants, is the best defensive player in baseball. If only they knew what to make of it.
“I'm on social media, so I see it, but probably the reason I don't look at it is because I don't know how they calculate it,” Crawford said Wednesday. “I don't know what to do better. Like I know, if my average is low, to get more hits. It's a pretty simple fix; not that it's easy, but you know what you have to do. With defensive runs saved and all the sabermetric stats, I don't know. I just want to make the plays.”
Crawford makes so many that when Fangraphs packages all its defensive metrics into one number — defensive runs above average — Crawford ranks first in the majors. The Giants, who visit Yankee Stadium for three games starting Friday, also rank first as a team.
Success on defense has propped up a roster hobbled by injuries to right fielder Hunter Pence (hamstring), second baseman Joe Panik (concussion) and third baseman Matt Duffy (Achilles' tendon). The Giants lost their fifth game in a row on Wednesday, by 11-7 to the Red Sox at Fenway Park, yet with a 57-38 record they stand just a half-game behind the Chicago Cubs for the best in the majors.
To choose the best episodes of Adventure Time is an almost impossible task. The show–created by Pendleton Ward and running on Cartoon Network–began as an absurd homage to a hero, adventure stories but it quickly evolved into something much more, blending science fiction, fantasy, intimate stories, and drama.
There are so many different kinds of episodes in Adventure Time that to compare them seems unfair. As the seasons went on, the show also moved away from a more episodic structure, focusing more on exposition, backstory, and plot which makes picking out individual episodes difficult.
But because there are so many elements to Adventure Time and so many great characters and backstories, it's appropriate to gather the episodes that show off each of its strengths and give the audience the most memorable moments.
Rainy Day Daydream (Season 1, Episode 23 )
When an episode starts off with a knife storm, you know that it's probably going places. “Rainy Day Daydream” does, but by actually going nowhere. Jake and Finn are relegated to having an adventure indoors and utilize the powers of their imaginations, which get out of control for some reason. Adventure Time is always inventive with its monsters and fight scenes, but even in season one you can tell it was experimenting with alternatives. There is so much action in these 11 minutes and you see almost none of it. It's all in the sound design, the physical deterioration of the characters, and the almost symbiotic relationship between Finn and Jake as they traverse their own home. “Rainy Day Daydream” combines two of Adventure Time's strenghts: the relationship between its two leads and the zany non-logic that fills the show's action and makes up its world.
It Came from the Nightosphere (Season 2, Episode 1)
Why would you just eat their fries? They were hers. You don't just eat somebody's fries, dad! Why don't you get that?? Marceline was already an established character at this point, but in the season two premiere, you really get to know the Vampire Queen through a toxic relationship with their dad, the King of the Nightosphere, who's a huge jerk, but also very sharply dressed and terrifying. You get a good dosage of body horror in this episode, but it's the underlying Marceline story–a simple tale concerning daughter, their father, and how it's the little things that drive us apart–that makes it one of the series' best. It reminded us that under all the monsters, Adventure Time is surprisingly human.
What was missing (Season 3, Episode 10)
This is probably one of the series' most sincere episodes, partially because the episode is about sincerity. In order to defeat the Door Lord and get their stolen stuff back, our group of friends has to be honest with each other–and make some kickass music. This is primarily great as a Marceline/Princess Bubblegum episode that introduces more aspects of their budding close (and gay) relationship, but also features one of Jeremy Shada as Finn's best musical performances, a particularly Jake-like piece of comedy, and a good memory filled with noodles. Simple Adventure Time with good music is the best kind.
Gotcha! (Season 4, Episode 12)
This is a bit of an outlier on this list, since it's one of the few pure comedy episodes that doesn't focus on our main characters but it needs to be here for a couple reasons. Firstly, Lumpy Space Princess is the best supporting character and any episode that stars their lumps is bound to be entertaining and hilarious. Secondly, “Gotcha!” is probably their best one. They go “undercover” to woo Finn, but ends up discovering some things about herself. In the end, as per Adventure Time tradition when it comes to lessons, it means absolutely nothing but it's glorious and stupid anyway.
I Remember You (Season 4, Episode 25)
You're going to see a lot of Marceline on this list, if only because their story coincides with one of the most tragic and complex character arcs in the entire series. The Ice King starts out as an annoying and two-dimensional villain but as the audience uncovers more of their past, we begin to sympathize and cry along with him. The real tragedy of the Ice King isn't their insanity. It's more complicated than that. Instead, it's how they can't hold on to any meaningful relationships, how they can't control himself, and how the pieces laid down in Ooo all come together in a world that they have to live in without any authority. This episode is a raw reminder that there are many things that are out of our hands.
Finn the Human/Jake the Dog (Season 5, Episodes 1 and 2)
The lead into season five is a rush of inter-dimensional conflict and horror, and it culminates in this two-part premiere, which depicts a world where the Lich never existed. Alternate universes and time paradoxes are always fun in a speculative “what-if” sense, but Adventure Time goes one step further and hinges the fate of everything on it. Prismo is always a welcome face, the Lich is a terrifying villain, and the series of events that leads us into “Jake the Dog” is tense and action-packed. You get a clear sense of the Farmworld universe and how it relates to the Land of Ooo so just watching it all fall apart is a tragedy on its own without thinking about how our favorite duo never existed.
Simon & Marcy (Season 5, Episode 14)
There's no Adventure Time episode list complete without the inclusion of “Simon & Marcy,” which is arguably one of the series' best episodes. It's plot heavy, giving us one of the most extended looks at the world during the Great Mushroom War to that point, and creating an intimate story between Simon Petrikov (who would become the Ice King) and a young Marceline. It puts into perspective Simon's choices to descend into insanity while also introducing some other elements (such as the Mother Gum) that form the basis of things we already recognize. It's a beautiful story that is instantly off-putting by returning to the present, where you remember how disassociated the Ice King is from everything. There's humor, but it's one of Adventure Time's quietest and most well-told stories.
The Vault (Season 5, Episode 34)
Season five was full of exposition reveals that affirmed a lot about what the audience had already speculated. One thing was the identity of the mysterious Ghost Lady that seemed to haunt Finn. In this episode, it's revealed that she's a woman named Shoko who was one of Finn's past lives. We find out how they died, their connection with Princess Bubblegum, and what they want from Finn. There's a lot of it that's predictable, but some surprising details drive home the connection between them and Finn. The mechanical arm, for one, and their skills as fighters connect them even in death. Shoko's story serves as foreshadowing for Finn in later seasons, but it also draws a line between some of the characters and events. In the Land of Ooo, in the wake of the Great Mushroom War, everything is connected.
You Forgot Your Floaties (Season 6, Episode 38)
The re-introduction of Betty not only as a fixture in Simon's life but as an actual character took the series in a new direction. With all that we learned about Simon before they were the Ice King, it was smart to introduce a conflict that would push their story forward. However, Betty's quest to restore them to before they were corrupted by the crown takes a dark turn here, where teaming up with Magic Man has some unintended consequences. The misadventures of Finn, Jake, and Tiny Manticore provide some much-needed levity in an episode that not only gives us the origins of Magic Man, but also a twist that sets up a whole new evil.
Music Hole (Season 7, Episode 36)
However, throughout all Adventure Time's intricate plot, character arcs, and its blend of science fiction and fantasy, it's always best when it permeates on psychology and emotion in small, intimate episodes. Music Hole is just one example of an episode that depicts how the show's characters deal with loss, isolation, and connections with the world around them, but it's one of the best. You get the great music that Adventure Time is known for, some appearances from your favorite characters, and a touching, an existential moment between Finn and what amounts to a gaping mouth hole. Finn goes through so much throughout the show's multiple seasons, and how they deal with their sadness in such a realistic way is what touches much of Adventure Time's audience.
However, because there were so many episodes to choose from, here are a few episodes that almost made the cut but are also just as essential to the viewing experience.
Honorable Mentions:
“Evicted!” (Season 1, Episode 12): The beginning of a beautiful friendship between Finn and Marceline.
“Freak City” ( Season 1, Episode 20): First appearance of Magic Man and is an awful brand of humor.
“The Eyes” (Season 2, Episode 2): A nonsensical mess of an amazing episode.
“Too Young”: (Season 3, Episode 5): A Princess Bubblegum/Finn story.
“Memory of a Memory” (Season 3, Episode 3): You get the famous Finn baby dance.
“Bad Little Boy” (Season 5, Episode 11): Marshall Lee!
“BMO Lost” (Season 5, Episode 17): You have to include BMO somewhere.
“Too Old” (Season 5, Episode 31): You also have to have the Lemongrabs somewhere, and yes they're polarizing, but they're also amazing.
“The Box Prince” (Season 5, Episode 37): Cats
“Betty” (Season 5, Episode 48): A character returns and turns everything on its head.
“Wake Up”/”Escape From the Citadel” (Season 6, Episodes 1 & 2): Finn meets their father.
“Crossover” (Season 7, Episode 23): Wrapping up with Farmworld Finn.
All of these wonderful Adventure Time episodes are available for download at Amazon.
Exploring the Genome with Ensembl and Python
The sequencing of the human genome took 13 years to complete, cost $3 billion dollars, was lauded as “a pinnacle of human self-knowledge”, and even inspired a book of poetry. The actual result of this project is a small collection of very long sequences (one for each chromosome), varying in length from tens to hundreds of millions of nucleotides (A's, C's, T's, and G's). For comparison, the King James Bible contains only about 3 million letters, which would make for a very diminutive chromosome.
What's in this colossal nucleic tome? The sequence of the human genome only hints at its structure and organization. Where are the genes? Which parts are transcribed and how are they spliced? We need annotations on top of the sequence to tell us how the genome gets read.
What is Ensembl?
Realizing that sequencing the genome is only half the battle, in 1999 the European Molecular Biology Laboratory partnered with the Sanger Institute to make an annotation database called Ensembl. Ensembl catalogues where all the suspected active elements in a genome reside and to what degree they have been validated experimentally.
Many different kinds of information are gathered together within Ensembl but the most fundamental annotations are:
Genes : Transcriptionally active regions of the genome which may give rise to several related proteins or non-coding RNAs. A gene is characterized by a range of positions on a particular chromosome and can contain multiple transcripts.
Transcripts: A subset of a gene which gets copied into RNA (by a process called transcription). The subset of transcripts which are destined to become messenger RNAs (used as templates for constructing proteins) are also annotated with both their splice boundaries and the specific open reading frame that gets used for translation.
How to access Ensembl
Ensembl provides a very detailed web interface, through which you can inspect all the information associated with a particular gene, transcript, genetic variant, or even the genetic locations associated with a disease. If you get tired of clicking around the Ensembl website, it's also possible to issue programmatic queries via the Ensembl REST API.
Though convenient, using a web API restricts how many distinct queries you can issue in a small amount of time. If you want to deal with thousands of genomic entities or locations, then it would be preferable to use a local copy of Ensembl's data. Unfortunately, local installation of Ensembl is complicated and requires an up-front decision about what subset of the data you'd like to use. Furthermore, while there is a convenient Perl API for local queries, Ensembl lacks an equivalent for Python.
Introducing PyEnsembl
To facilitate fast/local querying of Ensembl annotations from within Python we wrote PyEnsembl. PyEnsembl lazily downloads annotation datasets from the Ensembl FTP server, which it then uses to populate a local sqlite database. You don't have to interact with the database or its schema directly. Instead, you can use a particular snapshot of the Ensembl database by creating a pyensembl.EnsemblRelease object:
import pyensembl ensembl = pyensembl . EnsemblRelease ()
EnsemblRelease constructs queries for you through a variety of helper methods (such as locations_of_gene_name ), some of which return structured objects that correspond to annotated entities (such as Gene , Transcript , and Exon ).
By default, PyEnsembl will use the latest Ensembl release (currently 78). If, however, you want to switch to an older Ensembl release you can specify it as an argument to the EnsemblRelease constructor:
ensembl = pyensembl . EnsemblRelease ( release = 75 )
Note: the first time you use a particular release, there will be a delay of several minutes while the library downloads and parses Ensembl data files.
Example: What gene is at a particular position?
We can use the helper method EnsemblRelease.genes_at_locus to determine what genes (if any) overlap some region of a chromosome.
genes = ensembl . genes_at_locus ( contig = "1" , position = 1000000 )
The parameter contig refers to which contiguous region of DNA we're interested in (typically a chromosome). The result contained in genes is [Gene(id=ENSG00000188290, name=HES4)] . This means that the transcription factor HES4 overlaps the millionth nucleotide of chromosome 1. What are the exact boundaries of this gene? Let's pull it out of the list genes and inspect its location properties.
hes4 = genes [ 0 ] hes4_location = ( hes4 . contig , hes4 . start , hes4 . end )
The value of hes4_location will be ('1', 998962, 1000172) , meaning that this whole gene spans only 1,210 nucleotides of chromosome 1.
Does HES4 have any known transcripts? By looking at hes4.transcripts you'll see that it has 4 annotated transcripts: HES4-001, HES4-002, HES4-003, and HES4-004. You can get the cDNA sequence of any transcript by accessing its sequence field. You only can also look at only the protein coding portion of a sequence by accessing the coding_sequence field of a transcript.
Example: How many genes are there in total?
To determine the total number of known genes, let's start by getting the IDs of all the genes in Ensembl.
gene_ids = ensembl . gene_ids ()
The entries of the list gene_ids are all distinct string identifiers (e.g. “ENSG00000238009”). If you count the number of IDs, you'll get a shockingly large number: 64,253! Aren't there supposed to be around 22,000 genes? Where did all the extra identifiers come from?
The Ensembl definition of a gene (a transcriptionally active region) is more liberal than the common usage (which typically assumes that each gene produces some protein). To count how many protein coding genes are annotated in Ensembl, we'll have to look at the biotype associated with each gene.
To get these biotypes, let's first construct a list of Gene objects for each ID in gene_ids .
genes = [ ensembl . gene_by_id ( gene_id ) for gene_id in gene_ids ]
We still have a list of 64,253 elements, but now the entries look like Gene(id=ENSG00000238009, name=RP11-34P13.7) . Each of these Gene objects has a biotype field, which can take on a daunting zoo of values such as “lincRNA”, “rRNA”, or “pseudogene”. For our purposes, the only value we care about is “protein_coding”.
coding_genes = [ gene for gene in genes if gene . biotype == 'protein_coding' ]
The length of coding_genes is much more in line with our expectations: 21,983.
Limitations and Roadmap
Hopefully the two examples above give you a flavor of PyEnsembl's expressiveness for working with genome annotations. It's worth pointing out that PyEnsembl is a very new library and still missing significant functionality.
PyEnsembl currently only supports human annotations. Future releases will support other species by specifying a species argument to EnsemblRelease (e.g. EnsemblRelease(release=78, species="mouse") ).
argument to (e.g. ). The first time you use PyEnsembl with a new release, the library will spend several minutes parsing its data into a sqlite table. This delay could be cut down significantly by rewriting the data parsing logic in Cython.
Transcript objects currently only have access to their spliced sequence but not to the sequences of their introns.
objects currently only have access to their spliced sequence but not to the sequences of their introns. PyEnsembl currently only exposes core annotations (those found in Ensembl's GTF files), but lacks many secondary annotations (such as APPRIS).
People take part in a march to Baltimore City Hall in protest of the death of Freddie Gray from a spinal injury they suffered while in police custody after their arrest April 12.
April 30, 2015 People take part in a march to Baltimore City Hall in protest of the death of Freddie Gray from a spinal injury they suffered while in police custody after their arrest April 12. Ricky Carioti/The Washington Post
Residents clean up from the looting and fires that plagued parts of the city after the funeral for Freddie Gray.
Residents began to clean up from the looting and fires that plagued Baltimore on Monday after the funeral for Freddie Gray, a black man who died after suffering a spinal injury while in police custody.
Residents began to clean up from the looting and fires that plagued Baltimore on Monday after the funeral for Freddie Gray, a black man who died after suffering a spinal injury while in police custody.
In a high-stakes test of history and social studies, a large number of school-age youngsters and young adults in Baltimore failed Monday. On the most fundamental question of the day — how best to achieve justice in the death of Freddie Gray, who was mortally injured while in police custody — a renegade group of protesters erred egregiously.
Hurling bricks at police? Wrong answer.
The violent acts took the focus off of Gray, whose funeral had just ended, and put the spotlight on their criminal behavior. By injuring at least 19 police officers, they turned police into the aggrieved parties, relegating the real victim to little more than an afterthought.
[Mourners remember Freddie Gray]
Rioters might as well have been wearing dunce caps.
As protesters and police clashed in Baltimore over the death of Freddie Gray, social media users captured video of the destruction in the city. (The Washington Post)
On National Public Radio's “Morning Edition,” a man identified as Mo Jackson, 22, explained the reason for the pathetic performance:
“Police came and blocked off everything,” they said. “An animal blocked off wants to find a way to get out, and they started moving and police got aggressive.”
Who compares themselves to animals? Would that explain, at least in part, why there have been 68 homicides of African Americans in Baltimore so far this year, and why nobody cared enough to protest the carnage?
In the neighborhood hit hardest during Monday's unrest, a place where diabetes, heart disease and hypertension are rampant, rioters ripped off the only pharmacy in the area, then set it ablaze. A television news camera showed one young man about to loot a CVS, their pants hanging below the waist exposing theirs underwear.
When they bent over to slip through the broken glass opening in the front door, you could see their exposed naked behind. It's the job of parents to warn children about showing their behinds in public. The ones who raised that looter also had obviously failed.
A nearly completed and much-awaited community center for senior citizens was also burned to the ground. It wasn't clear if the blaze was started by rioters, but many residents counted it among the more than 140 fires set in the city Monday night. Elderly black residents were seen crying over the loss.
[Live updates of the protests in Baltimore]
Baltimore TV station WMAR reported that a mother saw their son on television taking part in protests and went to confront him. (AP)
The anger, resentment and frustration displayed by protesters is understandable. Increased social unrest has long been forecast as a result of the nation's vast and ever-expanding economic inequality. But while poverty, racial discrimination and police brutality make it extraordinarily difficult to succeed, failure to address the problem ensures that there can be no success.
What young people should be taught is the peril of internalized oppression. Seeing themselves as animals, referring to themselves with racial epithets, killing each other with reckless abandon — all evidence of a perceived inferiority and self-loathing.
Apparently no one has bothered to teach them they are the descendants of people who prevailed in the worst of circumstances.
The goal of social studies is to move people along the road to freedom. In Maryland, the objective is nothing short of noble: “build critical thinking, problem-solving and participatory skills to become engaged citizens.”
From history, they should have learned important lessons about the self-defeating nature of rioting. Baltimore, like many other urban cities, is still scarred from the burning and looting that occurred in 1968, following the assassination of Martin Luther King Jr. More than a thousand businesses in that city were destroyed, many of them black owned.
Maybe the rioters just happened to be absent the day those lessons were being taught.
On Tuesday, Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan declared: “Things are going to be different today.”
Hogan announced that the National Guard was being activated and that police from nearby jurisdictions were being called in. Sadly, for some residents, it was better to live in a police state than to be terrorized by misguided youths.
Gray's mother had pleaded for calm and a show of respect for the dead. “I want you all to get justice for my son, but don't do it like this,” they said. “Don't tear up the whole city.”
Instead of heeding what they said, they responded the way they probably did when they should have been paying attention in school — played the fool.
Overall WarriorFest 2017 was a fantastic night and a really well thought out beer festival which represented both local breweries and breweries from afar. It lived up to and exceeded all expectations. The novelty of being aboard a ship for the evening didn't wear off and we were sad when the bells rang to signal last orders. The HMS Warrior turns out to be the perfect size for a beer festival (not sure that was part of the original plans) which meant there was very little need to queue and it was definitely the ideal level of busy; enough to create a jolly atmosphere but not enough to want you to walk the plank in frustration.
I've already heard rumours that it will be returning for 2018 and I would advise readers to get in there quick with tickets as they will go fast. This is a festival not to be missed!
Ukraine's interim government has accused Russia of staging an armed invasion in southeastern Crimea after pro-Kremlin armed men seized two airports and government buildings as Kiev calls on the United Nations Security Council to hold a meeting to discuss the developments in the region.
Two Crimean airports - the main international airport of Simferapol and a military airfield in Sevastopol - have been taken over by what the Ukrainian Interior Minister Arsen Avakov claimed to be members of a Russian Federation Fleet based in the region, according to a statement they posted on their Facebook account.
"I see what is happening as armed invasion and occupation , in violation of all international treaties and norms. This is a direct provocation of the armed bloodshed on the territory of a sovereign state," Avakov said.
The Ukrainian parliament, which voted only days ago to oust Yanukovich, has called for a UN Security Council meeting to discuss what is happening in Crimea, and urged Russia "to stop moves that show signs of undermining national sovereignty and territorial integrity" as well as "reject support for separatism in Ukraine, of any form".
EU calls for calm
Oleksander Turchynov, the acting Ukraine president who has replaced Yanukovich, told parliament they had ordered troops and police to take "all measures" needed to protect Ukrainian citizens.
In a joint statement, French, German and Polish foreign ministers, who mediated between the Yanukovich and the opposition through Ukraine's violent crisis, have urged all parties to refrain from any action endangering territorial integrity of the country.
More than 10 Russian military helicopters flew from Russia into Ukrainian airspace over the Crimea region on Friday, the Ukrainian border guard service said in a statement. It also said that Russian servicemen were blocking off a unit of Ukrainian guards in the port city of Sevastopol, where part of the Russian Black Sea fleet is based.
The Russian Black Sea Fleet issued a statement denying the accusation and insisted its forces had not seized or taken any other action at the military airport near Sevastopol, Interfax news agency reported.
Al Jazeera's Laurence Lee, reporting from Crimea, said that the civilian airport was operating normally.
"Inside the terminal building, passengers are queuing up to go to Moscow and Istanbul and all sorts of places,and that is completely normal, but in the outside, it is entirely abnormal," they said. "Throughout the morning we have seen these large groups of green camouflaged helmeted men, some are masked and others are not, in control and are coming out of the VIP block here and changing shifts."
Later in the day, Ukraine's security authorities reportedly said they regained control of the two airports.
"There was an attempt to seize the airports, but we have localised those attempts. The airports are now controlled by Ukrainian law enforcement authorities," Ukraine's National Security and Defence Council chief Andriy Parubiy said in televised remarks, according to AFP news agency.
Yanukovich's news conference
The pro-Moscow Yanukovich is expected to hold their first public appearance since their disappearance last week.
Yanukovich has apparently been emboldened by the takeover of government buildings by the armed groups. Ousted president - who fled Kiev last week following weeks of deadly protests - is due to give a press conference in Russia's southwestern city of Rostov-on-Don on Friday at 1300 GMT.
However, Al Jazeera's Rory Challands said it was still not clear who would be allowed to attend the news conference and where it would exactly be held.
Meanwhile, Crimea's pro-Yanukovich autonomous parliament has set a referendum on the region's status on May 25, according to AFP news agency, which is the same day during which the new government in Kiev is set to hold fresh presidential elections.
Vladimir Konstantinov, speaker of Crimea's parliament, said on Thursday the autonomous republic appointed a new prime minister, Sergei Aksenov, with Yanukovich's approval.
Ukraine's interim government has issued an arrest warrant for Yanukovich, accusing them of being responsible for the deaths of at least 70 protesters on February 21 protests in Kiev.
A highly anticipated batch of federal laws governing the use of drones could change the regulatory landscape and lead to an explosion in drone use by farmers.
The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) recently proposed rules for commercial drone use, including use in agriculture. The rules, however, still must undergo public comment and revision, a process expected to take months.
Farmers see drones as a way to get a birds-eye view of their fields to find problem patches with crops. That information can allow farmers to be more precise with fertilizers and pesticides and, ultimately, save them money. But getting them in the sky without running afoul of federal regulation is proving to be a challenge.
Commercial use of drones is still widely banned in the U.S., though some companies have secured exemptions. Other farmers have gone rogue, flying drones over their property without all the proper permissions, daring federal regulators to put a stop to it. But the new federal rules, once approved, are expected to usher in a new era of farm machinery.
Eyes In The Sky
On a breezy morning in rural Weld County, Colo., Jimmy Underhill quickly assembles a black and orange drone with four spinning rotors. The machine sits on a dirt patch right next to a corn field, littered with stalks left over from last year's harvest.
At farm shows across the country, drones have become as ubiquitous as John Deere tractors.
Underhill is a drone technician with Agribotix, a Boulder, Colo.-based drone start up that sees farmers as its most promising market. Underhill is in charge of training their fellow employees how to work the machine in the field.
Punching a few buttons on a remote control with two joysticks, the machine whirs to life. The quadcopter, a toaster-sized machine with four rotors, zips 300 feet into the air directly above our heads, pauses for a moment and then begins to move.
“So it just turned to the east and it's going to start its lawnmower pattern,” Underhill said.
What makes the drone valuable to farmers is the camera on board. It snaps a high-resolution photo every two seconds. From there, Agribotix stitches the images together, sniffing out problem spots in the process, using infrared technology to look at plant health. Farmers hope that more information about their fields can lead to big savings in their bottom lines. Knowing what's happening in a field can save a farmer money.
“Sometimes the proposition is as simple as an aerial view can tell you what's wrong with your machinery,” said Tom McKinnon, president of Agribotix president. Drone images from farms have been able to alert farmers when irrigation lines are clogged or inactive.
Agribotix is far from the only company in the fledgling farm drone market. Dozens of startups have sprung up across the country. At least four companies that specialize in precision agriculture have been given exemptions by the FAA. More are waiting for permission.
While drones are grabbing headlines for their use in overseas airstrikes, and for winding up on the White House lawn, the machines have made their way into the mainstream among farmers. At farm shows across the country, drones have become as ubiquitous as John Deere tractors.
The Colorado Farm Show earlier this year included an informational session, examining telling farmers both the technical and legal challenges ahead.
“I think it's a very exciting time,” said farmer Darren Salvador. They grow 2,000 acres of wheat and corn near Haxtun, Colo., close to the Nebraska border.
Salvador says with eyes in the sky they can be more precise in how they apply chemicals to the land. If they see a patch of land more in need of fertilizer they can target it. That could mean less chemical runoff into waterways.
“You can look at disease concern, insect concern, so now you can be more proactive and treat smaller areas and not treat the entire field,” Salvador said.
Problems In The Sky
While some farmers see drones as a way to help their bottom line, others see them as a potential invasion of privacy. Animal rights activists have used the machines to fly over large-scale livestock operations to expose abuse or environmental damage.
Salvador and about 50 other farmers at the Colorado Farm Show got an earful from Rory Paul, CEO of Volt Aerial Robotics, a St. Louis-based drone start up. The current regulatory scheme has stifled innovation, Paul says, allowing drone companies in other countries to speed ahead and capture more of the market.
These small drones, that are almost priced to be expensive toys, are not reliable. And that's the concern of the FAA.
“We really don't know what they're good for. We've got a few ideas of where they could benefit agriculture, the majority of which are still theoretical,” Paul said.
Companies can apply for exemptions from the Federal Aviation Administration, but the requirements to get that exemption can be costly, like requiring drone operators to hold a pilot's license.
“These small drones, that are almost priced to be expensive toys, are not reliable. And that's the concern of the FAA,” said Eric Frew, director of the Research and Engineering Center for Unmanned Vehicles at the University of Colorado-Boulder.
The FAA didn't respond to requests for comment for this story, but Frew says the agency is trying to find a balance. Putting a large flying machine in the hands of someone who's inexperienced can cause big problems. Drones have had near misses with commercial airplanes.
“When these systems work, they work fantastically. When they don't work, they don't work,” Frew said.
When they don't work the machines can end up crashing due to operator error, or weather conditions, or technical malfunction. In a rural corn field that's not a big deal. But in a crowded city, it could be, Frew says.
“Pilots in piloted aircraft are inherently thinking through all these safety cases in a much deeper way than someone who's on a computer, looking at a screen, sort of feels like they're in a videogame,” Frew said.
The FAA's rule-making process is slow and many farmers feel it has held them back from utilizing new technology. Back at the corn field in rural Colorado, Agribotix president Tom McKinnon watches as their company drone comes in for a landing after finishing its lawnmower pattern over the dormant corn field.
“We bash the FAA a lot,” said Agribotix' Tom McKinnon. “I mean, the FAA's job is air safety and. And they have delivered on that. But when it comes to drones they're badly fumbling the ball,” McKinnon said.
McKinnon says until the agency gives more guidance to commercial drone operators, he'll be doing most of their work in countries like Australia and Brazil where laws are friendlier to farm drones.
Wellred Books is proud to present a brand-new edition of our basic introduction to Marxist theory: What Is Marxism? This edition includes The Ideas of Karl Marx by Alan Woods and new introductions to historical materialism and Marxist economics.
In this epoch of instability, crisis, war and ever-growing inequality, Marxism is becoming an increasingly attractive proposition to millions of workers and young people around the world. The old mole of revolution, to use Karl Marx's own phrase, is burrowing deep into the foundations of society.
And yet we are repeatedly told that Marxism is either irrelevant, or out-dated, or even dead. Yet, if that were true, why are so many books and articles churned out year-on-year attacking Marxism? Clearly the powers that be are rattled or indeed frightened by these “dead” ideas.
So what is this set of ideas that frightens them so much? Marxism – or scientific socialism – is the name given to the body of ideas first worked out by Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels more than 150 years ago. In their totality, these ideas provide a fully worked-out theoretical basis for the struggle of the working class to attain a higher form of human society – socialism.
This book is aimed specifically at newcomers to Marxism. A bestseller now in its second edition, it comprises introductory pieces on the three component parts of Marxist theory, corresponding broadly to philosophy, social history and economics: dialectical materialism, historical materialism and Marxist economics. Complementing these introductions are key extracts from some of the great works of Marxism written by its most outstanding figures – Marx, Engels, Lenin and Trotsky.
Get your copy of the book here.
Victim's family blames New Hampshire prep school administration for being complicit in sexual traditions, as alumni react in light of Owen Labrie's verdict
The tall, soccer-playing senior first invited the pretty blonde first-year student girl to up to their New Hampshire prep school's chapel tower so they could see graffiti declaring: “Believe in Angels”.
Former prep school student faces prison after being found guilty of sexual assault Read more
Owen Labrie was 18 and days away from graduation when they sent the girl a “senior salute”. In the alleged tradition at St Paul's, an elite boarding school in Concord, New Hampshire, seniors set up dates with younger students in the waning days of high school.
On Friday, a jury found that Labrie, of Tunbridge, Vermont, had sex with the 15-year-old, who was too young to give consent, as they lay in their underwear on the floor of the science center attic.
The girl's parents and Labrie's defense attorney both blamed the culture of St Paul's for the May 2014 encounter that dramatically altered the lives of both pupils and cast a harsh light on a school where alumni include former candidates for president and captains of industry.
The victim, who said they had never had sex before, claimed Labrie ignored their instructions to keep their tryst more innocent, and raped them Labrie testified that after the tryst, they went to the chapel to hear an a cappella concert.
The jury acquitted Labrie of aggravated rape but convicted them of misdemeanor sexual assault and use of the school's computer to lure a child for sex. At their sentencing, on 29 October, they will face up to seven years in prison.
The girl's parents said St Paul's failed to protect their daughter and fostered a “toxic culture” marked by boys who joked on social media about “slaying” and “porking” underage girls.
“They left our daughter and several other students at risk of sexual violence,” the girl's family said. “We trusted the school to protect them and it failed us. We continue to feel anger and disappointment for the lack of character and integrity of the young men at St Paul's school.”
Prosecutors argued that Labrie was competing with other boys to have sex with the most girls at the school. Both they and their roommate denied the claim and little evidence was offered during the trial to prove a contest existed.
A spokesperson for the girl's family said they were reviewing whether to pursue legal action against St Paul's.
The girl's father graduated from the school in the 1980s and is a corporate executive at a major global investment firm.
The school's attorney, Michael A Delaney, a former New Hampshire attorney general, attended the two-week trial. They declined comment.
In a statement, the head of St Paul's praised the girl's “remarkable moral courage and strength” and said the incident had affected the entire school community.
“It is our responsibility to ensure that our students live and learn together in a community that is built on respect, caring and support for one another. Anything short of that cannot and will not be accepted,” rector Michael G Hirschfeld said.
“We will continue to focus on teaching our students our core values – that they live honorably, respectfully, and never forget to be kind – and that they learn and grow in ways that lead to productive and respectful relationships throughout their entire lives.”
Labrie, a top student who had won a full scholarship to Harvard, received an award for their character and devotion to St Paul's. The school sent them a letter rescinding their award and has taken their name off a vaunted school wall, where names of alumni are listed.
They were also a student prefect and a member of the school's Fine Tea and Chocolate Society. In emails to the girl, they said they had by “divine intervention” obtained a key that would get them on to the roof of the science center. How Labrie obtained the key was not mentioned during the trial.
Labrie, who testified in their own defense and denied having sex with the girl, attended St Paul's on a scholarship. Their mother is a public school teacher and their father is a landscaper who has played accordion in a touring cajun band.
Some alumni of St Paul's rejected the idea that “senior salute” was a long tradition on the bucolic campus. “None of us have ever heard of it,” one member of the class of 1998 said.
“There is no tradition. This is something [Labrie] and their buddies started,” said Barbara Ruedig of Concord, whose three daughters graduated from St Paul's in 1997, 2002 and 2007.
“Every institution has bad apples,” added Ruedig, who attended most of the trial. “To drag down St Paul's over this is just wrong.”
Columbia University sociologist Shamus Rahman Khan, who graduated from St Paul's in the 1990s, wrote about sexualized consensual hazing among female students at the school and described how the school's rituals enforced a hierarchy important among elites.
Seniors constructed games designed to coax first-year student girls into disclosing their sexual experiences and had them wear diapers at a party, Khan wrote.
However, Khan's 2011 book, Privilege: the Making of an Adolescent Elite at St Paul's School, contains no mention of a “senior salute” tradition.
Dean of students Chad Green testified during the trial that they knew about the tradition beginning in 2013, but was not sure how many other administrators knew.
Staff found a list of names hidden on a basement wall inside a school building, which Green called a “map of relationships” associated with the tradition. They said the school covered the graffiti and the wall was now inaccessible.
One author who has studied boarding schools said Labrie was ultimately responsible for their own conduct.
“The school indeed knew, but I doubt they understood the full implications of such a tradition,” said Tim D Hillman, who has written several books onboarding school culture.
“I have been amazed at the manner in which schools accept negative traditions without reacting to them.”
Hillman said boarding schools accept the role of in loco parentis but are “woefully unable to police sexuality on campus”.
“When the lights go down, boarding school students wake to the night and explore their world sans adult intervention,” Hillman said.
The Boehner-McConnell-Reid-Obama Alliance
The CrOmnibus passed last night and the story of the day is the TEA party-Elizabeth Warren wings of the parties uniting in an unsuccessful bid to derail it.
Lots of people are having fun with the idea that Ted Cruz and Warren have become mirror images and wondering what this might portend for the GOP.
I think this is missing the real story.
What we should be focusing on is that the establishment of the GOP was far more interested in cutting deals with the Democrats than they were in exercising the power of their new majorities come January.
Look at the provisions that the GOP included in CrOmnibus that set off the Democratic progressives and some TEA types...
First was an increase the limits donors can give to political parties.
The provision would increase the amount of money a single donor could give to national party committees each year from $97,200 to as much as $777,600 by allowing them to set up different funds for certain expenses. The change would be a huge boost for party committees that have faced steep challenges in recent years from well-funded outside groups. ... Conservatives support the First Amendment and believe there should be no limits on political speech, said Ken Cuccinelli, president of the Senate Conservatives Fund. Unfortunately, the new limits included in the omnibus only increase political speech for party insiders while silencing the majority of Americans who are fed up with Washington.
The second was a 'reform" of Dodd-Frank. Republicans have been running against Dodd-Frank for years. Normally their critique is that it hurts small businesses that can't afford to comply with a maze of regulations. The reform the GOP stood fast on? A provision literally written by Citigroup.
The derivatives provision would let JPMorgan, Citigroup Inc. (C:US), Bank of America Corp. (BAC:US) and other banks trade almost all swaps in divisions that have government backstops like deposit insurance. It would repeal a requirement that some of the trades be pushed out to separate units, which Wall Street argued would drive up costs for clients and increase risk in the financial system by moving the trades to firms less regulated than banks.
So thanks to the brave leadership of John Boehner, Harry Reid and Barack Obama we made it easier for political parties to fend off outside interest groups and make sure banks can trade derivatives again with the knowledge that if things go south, the taxpayers will foot the bill. The chairperson of Citigroup certainly must be pleased with their personal lobbying efforts.
I'm not one to say there's no difference between the GOP and Democrats, that's silly. But it's not nearly enough or as much as they like to pretend.
The story isn't that a minority of the GOP found common cause with some Democrats to oppose these deals, it's that after facing a populist backlash after the failed GOP administration of 2001-2007, the party has successfully weathered the storm and returned to business as usual. Big donors and big business get theirs. Meanwhile voters who thought they voted for spending cuts and opposition to amnesty just six weeks or so ago are told, sorry can't do it. Good luck ever collecting.
I know there's a lot of anger on the right today, as there should be. But don't blame the GOP. There's no White Knight coming to liberate the GOP from the evil clutches of Boehner and McConnell. They are what the GOP is. Instead of railing about sellouts leading the party, ask yourself why you continue to support them and why you thought it would be any different this time.
Better mental health may be one of the benefits of exercise and physical activity, and it may take as little as 20 minutes per week to get that benefit.
That news comes from a study of more than 19,000 men and women in Scotland who completed surveys about their mental health and physical activity.
The surveys, taken between 1995 and 2003, covered a wide range of activities, including sports, walking, heavy-duty housework, and gardening. Participants noted how often, and how vigorously, they did those things.
A total of 3,200 participants had a high level of psychological distress.
People who got as little as 20 minutes per week of any physical activity were less likely than inactive people to report psychological distress. Taking part in sports and getting daily physical activity showed the strongest link to less psychological distress.
Being active can help manage stress, note the researchers, who included Mark Hamer, PhD, of University College London's department of epidemiology and public health.
"Although as little as 20 minutes of physical activity might provide some benefit, those individuals that were physically active every day had the lowest risks of mental and physical ill health," Hamer tells WebMD in an email. "Therefore, I'd recommend to stick to current guidelines that suggest at least 30 minutes of moderate to vigorous activity five times per week."
The study, published in the advance online edition of the British Journal of Sports Medicine, doesn't show which came first: active lives or less psychological distress. "The state of depression can make people less active," Hamer says.
Still, the findings held regardless of age, sex, social class, BMI (body mass index), long-standing illness, smoking , and other factors.
By Miranda Hitti
Reviewed by Louise Chang
©2005-2008 WebMD, LLC. All rights reserved
Oct 15, 2016; Knoxville, TN, USA; Alabama Crimson Tide linebacker Mack Wilson (30) , linebacker Christian Miller (47) , linebacker Ryan Anderson (22) and defensive lineman Raekwon Davis (99) celebrate their 49-10 victory with a traditional victory cigar after defeating the Tennessee Volunteers at Neyland Stadium. Mandatory Credit: John David Mercer-USA TODAY Sports
The Tennessee Vols claim they don't fear Alabama football and want an every season rivalry. Unlike Auburn, the Vols appear to respect tradition.
Last week we reported that Tennessee was cleverly floating an idea that would end the “Third Saturday in October” as an every season rivalry, Vols join ‘we don't have to play Bama every year chorus'. Admittedly, creating some distance from Alabama football would be in the short term the best interest of Tennessee football.
Unlike the Auburn Tigers, the Vols now appear to understand that short-term goals can suffer from lack of vision. This week, the Knoxville News Sentinel reported on Athletic Director's John Currie's position.
Currie has no desire to see the Tennessee-Alabama football series be reduced from an annual basis, “It's one of the most sacred rivalries in all college sports. There has been a swing, certainly. But I was here for that incredible run coach (Phillip) Fulmer had (9-1 from 1995-2004). … I can't imagine why anyone would not want to keep that tradition intact.”
Thinking back on the history of the rivalry, even outsiders have appreciated its excellence. In 2001, college football historian Beano Cook explained to all college football,
This is one of the greatest rivalries in college football, mostly because of the great coaches and players who have taken part in it. Of course, the two coaches that come to mind are Paul “Bear” Bryant and General Robert Neyland.
Phil Fulmer came fairly close to living up to General Neyland's legacy. Nick Saban has arguably matched, some say surpassed Paul Bryant. What this rivalry currently needs is a Tennessee coach up to the task. Butch Jones is not that coach.
The most often repeated storyline of the Alabama – Tennessee rivalry is that the series is defined by streaks. There have been quite a few streaks, almost all of them in favor of Alabama football. Let's review via a shorthand list.
The two teams have played 99 times (the Tide has only played Mississippi State more, 101 games)
Alabama leads the series 54-37-8
The Vols only winning streak (more than five games) is seven wins from 1995-2001
The Tide has won seven straight twice: 1905-1913 and 1986-1992
The Tide won 11 straight from 1971-1981
The current Tide win streak is 10 games
In fairness to the Vols, while the streaks clearly favor Alabama football, the Vols have had great runs as well. From 1946-1960, Tennessee won 10 of 15 games. From 1995-2006, the Vols won 10 of 12 games.
Beano Cook made the point in 2001 that for Tennessee, Alabama is the biggest game every season. No doubt that is correct. They also said Auburn is the Tide's biggest game. Again true, but it was not always so.
The biggest game each season for Coach Paul Bryant was Tennessee. Bryant never wanted to lose to the ‘Cow College' but they measured themselves more against the Vols. And well they should have, given the fact Bryant once battled Tennessee on a broken leg.
For those of us of a certain age, no college football season would be complete without a ‘Third Saturday in October' whatever week the game is in a given season.
It is never a good idea to get too far ahead of anything. But win in T-Town in 2017 and a 2018 win in Knoxville would set a new win streak record against the Vols.
My favorite things about Far Cry 2 won't be in Far Cry 3.
I'm really looking forward to Far Cry 3.
How'd I get from there to there? First, pretend you're me. You're at a Ubisoft showcase. You've just played Far Cry 3, single-player and co-op. You sit down with the game's producer, Dan Hay. You first start asking about the stuff that you liked in Far Cry 2 and begin filling up your notebook with a bunch of disappointing answers.
Then, their answers stop being disappointing and start getting very interesting.
My notebook, recreated for you:
The friend system isn't back. You're not reviving computer-controlled buddies.
Fire propagation is back. Put some flame to grass and it spreads.
They have a fast-travel system this time.
People stay dead when you kill them this time. "When you own an area, you own the area," Hay said. "We have these places where you go in, wipe guys out and you own it." This, of course, is a good thing!
Your guns won't rust anymore.
No malaria-pill-taking required in this game. Hay: "One of the things that we got consistent feedback on from Far Cry 2 was—how do I say it—They would prefer we look for another avenue. You can control your health."
Advertisement
Hold on! All this gun-rusting and malaria-sickness stuff made Far Cry 2 interesting, because it made you less than the invincible warrior you are in most first-person shooters. Nothing like that here? "We want the weapons to be empowering. We want you to be able to pick up stuff, and, when you pick up the weapon, you have the ability to use it. The question is whether or not you have the training. So [lead character] Jason is a regular a guy. This is not a guy who has military training. When they pick up a weapon, they fumble it."
Advertisement
"In the beginning of the game, you're having a great time, you're hanging out with your buddies. You meet Vaas. And they basically lock you up and you manage to escape. So the beginning of the game is very much about getting away from Voss. Just getting to the jungle. Just surviving. And when you make those first couple of kills, they're up close and personal. They're dirty. You're like oh-my-god. It's more action-adventure stuff.
"Then you pick up a weapon for the first time and you're like, 'whoa, ok, ok' and then you hone in on the idea of, 'I've got a hold of this. I have an AK-47 in my hand, I've got all these guys in front of me and I can kill all of them.' But when you're doing it, all the realization is about surviving. At the moment you don't feel like you're somebody who is out to take over the world. You feel like someone who thinks, 'If I don't fire this weapon, I will cease to exist.' The feeling is something we focus on, the feeling of being a victim. And then we have the transition and the insanity, going from beginning to be able to kill, beginning to be efficient at it, and feeling like there's a good reason for it.
Advertisement
"And then, all of a sudden you meet your friends from the beginning of the game, and they look at you and they're like, "Uh…dude, you're not the same guy you were. You've got a taste for this? What's the deal?' You're covered in tattoos, you've gone wild, you've gone tribal, you've met Citra, who is the embodiment of the island—she's beautiful, she's exotic, she's wild, she's tribal—she's everything that somebody from home isn't, and when you put them side-by-side with your girlfriend, it's not an easy choice. …. That's just a slice [of the game]."
Hay says we'll be discovering whether Jason prefers to turn back to their pre-island life, become more of a killer like Voss or more of a one-with-the-island kind of character like Citra. And the player/Jason will be hallucinating all the while.
The game is set across an archipelago. The single-player campaign is on one island; the four-player co-op campaign is on another; the player-vs-player battle between the forces of Citra and Vaas are on another.
The in-game editor lets players build their own islands and maps.
OK, here's a weird way to hype a game. This is Hay's extended metaphor of what this game's campaign is really about: "You know when you first leave the home and you look at your parents and you're like, 'They don't know anything,' and you look at your group of friends and you're like, 'These are my friends for life.' And then five years later, you look back and you're like, 'What the hell? My parents actually did know what they were talking about, to a degree, as much as I'm willing to admit it, and my friends, some of them were just losers.' We want to capture that… the essence of living that five or 10 years in two months, so that you have the full breadth of a lifetime in two months."
Advertisement
Co-op, as Hay describes it: "The characters in co-op are already nuts. They are rejects. These four show up and they're already jaded, already rejected by society and they show up and bring their own brand of insanity. And they're pretty good at it." These people worked on a cruise ship. One was a chef, another's a medic, another an on-board security officer. Pirates try to raid the ship. The captain decides to sell their passengers to Vaas. Our four heroes won't settle for this, bail from the boat and try to raise hell. The goal in co-op is to find that captain who sold you out and collect the money they stole from you along the way.
I am sure that Far Cry 3 is not Far Cry 2. It seems that the gameplay stress of 2—the sickness, the mortality of computer-controlled buddies, the rusting of guns—is being replaced by narrative stress—of the scripted experience of maybe going crazy. One of Kotaku's resident Far Cry 2 fanatics is worried that this Heart of Darkness riff isn't going to hold up, given the 3's potentially mindless shoot-everything traditional first-person shooter gameplay. I'm going glass-half-full on this one. I'm looking forward to Far Cry 3 this December, even though it seems very different from the previous, fascinating game in the series.
Get the Recipe Classic Pecan Pie
In the Holy Trinity of Thanksgiving desserts, apple pie may be the big daddy, while pumpkin pie is dressed up under that white sheet as the Holy Ghost, but it's pecan pie that can claim the title of the Son. Simple, comforting, easy to love, and completely down-to-earth.
Unlike other Thanksgiving pies, pecan pie doesn't require a par-cooked filling, and the whole thing can be done with a single bowl. Just whisk together a gooey custard of eggs, corn syrup, honey, brown sugar, butter, salt, and vanilla—pecan pies don't even have spices in them to adulterate their comforting, butterscotch-like sweetness—pour it over chopped toasted pecans in a chilled pie shell (no need to par-bake), add some whole pecans on top, and bake it. That's it.
Of course, once you get the basics down, you're free to start experimenting a little bit. More eggs will make for a firmer custard. Replacing some of the corn syrup or honey with molasses will give the pie a deeper, slightly bitter flavor. Adding more nuts will make it, well, nuttier.
You can grab the recipe here, or jump straight to the step-by-step photo guide here.
Get the Recipe Classic Pecan Pie View Recipe »
This post may contain links to Amazon or other partners; your purchases via these links can benefit Serious Eats. Read more about our affiliate linking policy.
Get the biggest Daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The amazing story of a 16-year-old hero war pilot rescued by Belgian villagers after being shot down by the Nazis has inspired their sister in law to help organise Uttoxeter's Poppy Appeal.
Judith Leedham says brother-in-law Robert Wigley's war stories formed part of their motivation to become the town's appeal organiser.
And with Uttoxeter's campaign set to be launched on Saturday, October 28, Mrs Leedham is set for another busy few months.
Just days before the launch, they told the Uttoxeter Advertiser about now-90-year-old Robert Wigley's tale of heroism.
The daring pilot lied about their age to start RAF training - they were just 16 when they headed for the Battle of Arnhem with the 118de Spitfire Squad.
It was September 1944 and Allied forces had just liberated Belgium from German forces.
The legendary Field Marshal Montgomery had plotted Operation Market Garden to invade Germany through the Netherlands.
Air squadrons were employed to drop British troops in Holland to secure several key bridges as part of the operation.
Although the battle ultimately represented a victory for the Nazis, a teenage Mr Wigley did their part and began the journey back to "Blighty" with their comrades.
But they came under fire from enemy armoured railway wagons flying over Wakken, in Belgium.
Mr Wigley told Belgium newspaper De Mandelbode: "My plane was hit. The engine stopped. The tail unit of my Spitfire was hit and I lost total control. A controlled crash landing was inevitable.
"The aircraft broke in the middle and I got stuck. People liberated me from the plane.
"After, I was driven to a Polish fieldhospital. Then I was airlifted to a hospital in the UK."
Farmers and other villagers helped Mr Wigley escape from their aircraft and, after a stint in the infirmary, they were soon back with their squadron and served for the remainder of the war.
But Mr Wigley's part in the Allies' victory was not the only significant part of their military service.
It was during their service that they met Judith's sister, Mabel, with whom they grew up in Manor Farm, Kingstone.
Known as "Red", they fell for a dashing Mr Wigley after joining the RAF Nursing Corps and they were married in 1953.
The couple enjoyed a happy life together, mainly living abroad in Aden and Lebanon, then France and Spain when Mr Wigley retired.
Sadly, Mrs Wigley died aged 90 three years ago, but their widower is still going strong, living in Wiltshere.
Mrs Leedham enjoyed an emotional meeting with the farmers who saw Mr Wigley's plane come down when they visited Wakken in 2001.
They said: "The people of Wakken are as proud of Bob as I am. The places they and my sister went and the lives they have led would fill a book.
"Bob flew most of their life, including freight after their service, and the people of Wakken are as proud.
"I think stories like their speak volumes for why we remember our servicemen as proudly as we do.
"My commitment to helping them partially comes from the stories he's told me. Because of them, I make at least one visit a year to Normandy and Flanders Field.
"Because he's helped me become so aware of what happened in the past, I'm all too aware of what's happening to servicemen now and know how much they need our help and support."
Uttoxeter's Poppy Appeal launch event will take place at the town hall at 10am on Saturday, October 28.
The Staffordshire Royal British Legion will launch its county-wide appeal at Whittington Barracks on Friday, October 27, at 9.45am.
As the UK continues to mark the centenary of World War One, a giant Staffordshire Knot carry 850 poppies, each with the name of a Staffordshire Regiment soldier who died in the Great War, will be unveiled.
The knot has been put together by Uttoxeter WI and school children, including those from St Mary's First School, Uttoxeter, have created the poppies.
If a vegetarian or vegan lifestyle is what you follow, then the title of this blog will probably upset you. There seems to be a very well defined line in the sand between those who eat meat and those who don't. If you are against meat and believe it has no nutritional value for humans then my blog today is not a good topic for you.
If you are a meat eater, or love red meat and perhaps have stopped because your doctor told you to give it up, you might want to consider bison (or buffalo) meat as your once a month treat.
It is taster than beef and richer in flavor. It is simply healthier than regular cow beef. It is lower in saturated fat than regular cow beef. Bison is a great source of nutrients, it has the basics: zinc, niacin, iron, vitamin B6 and selenium. A quick review of some important things these nutrients do:
Selenium – helps prevent cellular damage from free radical.
Zinc- does a lot- helps immune system, hair and skin health and overall cell function
Niacin helps convert food into energy for the body – all at the cellular level
Iron- carries oxygen through the body
B6- tons of value of for physical and even mental health.
4. Bison cattle are not handled like cows. They are mostly living in a freer environment compared to cow/cattle. Although there are many cattle farms that treat the cows humanly, bison seem to be cared for like the elite class of the farm.
5. Bison is one of the leanest meats and still has a lot of protein. But it is the amount of protein you get in bison meat, without the saturated fat that makes this a great alternative to regular beef.
Do you want to try some?
1. To order online give Allenbrothers.com a try. Phone 800-852-2205
They sell 4 ribeyes for $139.95 and 16- 6oz burger patties for $99.99.
Then for local businesses you can go to :
2. Whole Foods who is selling it at $9.95 a lb for ground and $21.95 for steaks.
3. The Amish Health Food ( 773-278-1717) store on 1023 N Western is seeling ground boson for $11.23 a pound
Escambia County Sheriff Thelbert "David" Morgan posted this video last week in an effort to discuss their feelings on "Black Culture" and, presumably, to see how far they can jam is loafers into their mouth.The 30-year law veteran kicked things off by condemning the term "African American," stating, "First off, let me take issue with the title of ‘African American.' We're Americans. I am fourth generation Welsh. I, or my family do not pretend, nor do we say we are Welsh American, we are Americans. I was not born in Wales and the blacks that currently reside in the United States of America are not from Africa. Those sorts of terms that society has come to use are divisive in nature."He also went on to point out the black community has embraced "thug culture," and that racism in the U.S. isn't as bad as it seems because we have black politicians. "The statistics are, if we're such a racist nation, why do we currently have an African American president?" pointed out Morgan as the heel of their loafers smoothly slid down the back of their esophagus.
Levi's may be Glenn Beck's favorite jeans, but they have vowed to never buy another pair again.
On their Wednesday radio show, Beck denounced Levi's for a recent ad campaign that they said promoted progressivism. The commercial in question, which aired during Monday night football, included shots of young people rioting and marching, interspersed with calm scenes of people relaxing.
WATCH:
Beck said that they found the commercial "shocking" and described it as "glorifying revolution." They took issue with one scene of a young man standing off with riot officers, which they said urged confrontations with the police. They compared the scenes to "European socialists marching" and "a Palestinian kind of march."
“I can't believe I'm saying this," they said. "I love Levi's. Never again, Levi's, never again will you get a dime from me. I know you're not disappointed. Never again. I won't wear your stupid red tab."
LISTEN:
The shift is coming about partly because companies in the last year have either folded specialty divisions like Warner Independent Films, which in 2006 had the best picture nominee in “Good Night, and Good Luck,” or downsized them, as Paramount did with Paramount Vantage, which in 2007 had a nominee in “Babel.”
Shrinkage in the small-film business has left more room for big studios to play the Oscar game. Awaiting awards pushes are films like Universal's “Frost/Nixon,” directed by Ron Howard; Paramount's “Curious Case of Benjamin Button,” a David Fincher film starring Brad Pitt; and 20th Century Fox's “Australia,” a Baz Luhrmann epic starring Hugh Jackman and Nicole Kidman.
(“Australia,” still unseen by critics, does not arrive until Nov. 26 but was screened in unfinished form for Oprah Winfrey, who is expected to feature it with star interviews on their show next week, kicking off the studio's campaign.)
At the same time Hollywood's blockbusters, rich in effects and increasingly complex in their themes, appear to have become more award-worthy of late.
“Wall-E,” from Disney's Pixar unit, emerged as a darling of the critics for its adult sensibility, in addition to its heavily detailed computer animation. The film, the story of a lovesick robot, tackles a serious topic (environmentalism) while taking huge risks (for instance, a 45-minute stretch with nearly no dialogue).
As early as midsummer Joe Morgenstern, The Wall Street Journal's film critic, was arguing that “Wall-E” should be considered for best picture. “The time to start the drumbeat is now,” they wrote in a July 12 essay, noting the extreme difficulty animated films, while hugely popular, have faced in vying for the most prestigious Oscar. Only one, Disney's “Beauty and the Beast,” released in 1991, has ever been nominated for best picture.
“If we didn't do it, I don't think we'd be giving the movie its due,” Richard Cook, chairperson of Walt Disney Studios, said of the decision to promote “Wall-E” for the top prize, even if that complicates the movie's simultaneous bid for the more easily won award as best animated feature. One problem is a presumed tendency to split votes. Academy members can vote for a film in both the best picture and best animated feature categories. But they may not be inclined to do that or even know that the rules permit it.
Photo
In the past films more appealing than self-consciously artistic were routinely included in the Oscar mix. “Ghost,” the No. 1 movie at the box office in 1990, with $506 million in worldwide ticket sales, won five nominations, including one for best picture. “There was much less campaigning back then, and the academy tended to go more with what moved them emotionally, even if it was a big commercial hit,” said Lisa Weinstein, a producer of “Ghost.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The last runaway hit to win the best picture Oscar was “The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King” in 2003. In the years since the prize has gone to “Million Dollar Baby,” “Crash,” “The Departed” and “No Country for Old Men” — the combined domestic box office sales for which fell short of the $377 million taken in by “The Return of the King.”
The drift away from audience-oriented contenders has precipitated a sharp drop in viewers for the annual Oscar show. Last year's program, with Jon Stewart as host, was the least watched on record, with about 32 million viewers in the United States. The highest rating was 55.3 million in 1998, when the immensely popular “Titanic” won the big prize.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Ultimately, of course, the academy's voting members will decide whether the year's more popular and mainstream offerings make the cut. They will have plenty of artier options, including “Rachel Getting Married,” Jonathan Demme's intricate look at a family coping with a drug-addicted daughter played by Anne Hathaway, and “Revolutionary Road,” a period romance directed by Sam Mendes and starring Kate Winslet and Leonardo DiCaprio. “Slumdog Millionaire,” from the director Danny Boyle, and “Milk,” directed by Gus Van Sant with Sean Penn in the lead role, are also in the running — all with backing from studio specialty divisions.
Studio Oscar campaigners are largely reluctant to discuss their reasoning and strategies publicly for fear of overreaching with the academy's finicky voters. However, several noted a belief that audiences — weary of economic crisis and political strife — are ready for a dose of fun from the entertainment industry.
“People like to vote for winners, and this year there are box office winners that also exhibit incredible craft,” said Amanda Lundberg, a partner at the New York publicity firm 42 West, an Oscar campaign powerhouse.
In that spirit, Disney will open its “Wall-E” campaign with something of a wink, by taking an advertisement that transforms the logo of a famous industry trade paper to read “Variet-E.” Warner's campaign for “The Dark Knight” will get a boost from both a Dec. 9 DVD release and an expected rerelease, on both standard and Imax screens, as the awards season peaks in January.
If, as expected, “Iron Man” comes into the awards mix, that will be partly because Paramount recently moved a more conventional prospect, a drama called “The Soloist,” into next year and out of contention. That film, which stars Mr. Downey alongside Jamie Foxx, had promised to complicate the studio's life at a time when it saw awards potential for the currently very hot Mr. Downey in three pictures at once.
Meanwhile, those who create the Oscar ceremony — to be shown on Feb. 22 on ABC — are determined this time around to connect with the people, and lots of them.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The academy has lifted a 50-year ban on commercials for coming movies during the Oscar telecast in the hope of creating more of a feeling of “event” television for movie fans by including more splashy ads. Organizers (and ABC's advertising sales staff) are hoping to take a page from the Super Bowl, at which movie studios have often shown exclusive footage of big-budget summer movies to start generating fan interest.
And there will most certainly be superheroes and villains present on Oscar night, whether or not Mr. Downey receives a nomination for their role as Tony Stark in “Iron Man,” or Heath Ledger is nominated for their portrayal of the Joker in “The Dark Knight.”
“Not only should the Oscar show celebrate excellence in the movies of the year; we believe it should also celebrate the movies,” said Laurence Mark, the producer of the next ceremony, sounding what has become a theme for the year.
“We just need to figure out a way that is appropriate to do that.”
Viral: Dog saves abandoned baby's life In one of the most heartwarming animal-human encounters ever witnessed, a dog picked up a newborn where it was abandoned and took it to a nearby house. (Graphic)
Saudi Arabia daily Sada newspaper reported on these images and story that went viral in the Middle East.
The pictures show a dog carrying a newborn baby in its mouth, with the baby's umbilical cord still attached.
The Saudi daily reported that it wasn't clear whether the incident took place in Saudi Arabia or another country in the Middle East - or the world for that matter - but it added that the dog saved the baby's life.
“Those who posted the pictures said the dog carried the baby to the nearest house, whose occupants rushed them to the hospital…the baby's life was saved by the dog,” the paper said.
The added that the baby was apparently dumped by their mother near a waste bin.
The newspaper picked up on the story after the images went viral on social media in the Gulf Kingdom.
See the images below, from Sada newspaper.
Dom Dwyer may not be a household name in England, their home country, but in their adopted nation the Sporting Kansas City forward is a bona fide superstar.
Since their breakout season in 2013, Dwyer has become one of the leading lights in Major League Soccer and appears on the brink of a call-up to the United States national team once they get their passport.
And Dwyer's stock rose even further on Sunday evening when they scored the winning goal against LA Galaxy to seal Sporting Kansas City's place in the MLS Cup play-offs, where they will face Portland Timbers on Thursday in the knockout round.
It is a far cry from Dwyer's youth in England, where the former Norwich City academy player suffered a series of foot injuries so serious that doctors told them they would never make it as a professional.
But while they were trying to rebuild their career at the non-league level, at Staines Town and King's Lynn, Dwyer's life changed forever when they went for a trial at QPR's training ground in front of US college scouts.
Dwyer was offered a full scholarship at Tyler Junior College in Texas, where they spent two productive years before moving to the University of South Florida.
They were then drafted by Sporting Kansas City and after a frustrating first season on the sidelines they went on loan to Orlando City, then in the third tier United Soccer League.
There they scored a hugely impressive 15 goals in 13 games, including four in the USL championship match against the Charlotte Eagles.
"You're going from playing every game in college and then not playing at the professional level was a little frustrating," Dwyer told the Telegraph in an interview. "It was a difficult transition for me.
"But I can't speak highly enough of Adrian Heath [the Orlando coach] - he's still a very good friend of mine."
After returning to Sporting Kansas, Dwyer became a mainstay of the team and helped the team to the 2013 MLS Cup, their second championship in a matter of months, earning them a trip to the White House.
"It was like winning the Championship and Premier League in the same season. It's was great to be a part of both games - I started them both and it was a big achievement and showed that I was good enough to play at this level."
Dwyer since has gone from strength to strength, scoring 22 goals in 2014, the best single-season goalscoring total in club history, and was named to last year's MLS All-Star team.
They since earned a huge pay rise, become one of the league's leading replica jersey sellers and last month they helped To sport Kansas City win the US Open Cup.
"I think I've proved a couple of people wrong which is pretty cool," Dwyer said. "I definitely always believed I could be a professional. I always believed there could be more. It was difficult for me at the beginning when I was written off but I'm still at step one now - I'm still going for it.
"I'm focused on getting better as I've only been a pro for four years. I'm feeling very good and I've got my best years ahead of me."
Dwyer's profile in the States has also risen exponentially by their relationship and subsequent marriage to Sydney Leroux, an Olympic champion and World Cup winner with the US women's team.
And the 25-year-old from Cuckfield in West Sussex could soon join their wife on the international stage for the US - and quicker than expected.
Of a possible call-up to the US team, Dwyer says: "It would be very difficult to say no - everyone wants to play at the highest level. It would be a difficult one to turn down.
"It's every kid's dream to play for the country and when I was a kid that was England but things change."
It has been expected that Dwyer, who received their green card in 2012, will receive a US passport on Feb 14, 2017, but they say a call-up could come quicker than that.
"It may be sooner depending on the situation: paperwork, immigration stuff and how I progress. It's a work in progress," they say, adding that the Football Association has never contacted them about playing for England.
Dwyer and their wife currently live in separate cities due to their work circumstances - while they are in Kansas City, Leroux was transferred earlier this season from Seattle Reign to Western New York Flash.
While they have long planned playing in the same city, their chances of doing so have seemingly increased with Leroux's US team-mate Alex Morgan was traded by the Portland Thorns to the Orlando Pride to be in the same city as their husband, Orlando City midfielder Servando Carrasco.
Dwyer and Leroux have been keeping a watchful eye on the move.
On Morgan's move to Orlando possibly triggering a transfer for Leroux to FC Kansas City, Dwyer says: "I would absolutely hope so, it's a situation I'm aware of.
"I'd very much like for Sydney to come to Kansas City but it also depends on my circumstances and it's something we'll figure out and see where we go from there. You never know what could happen but hopefully we'll get something figured out."
Dwyer and Leroux, who recently had a wedding ceremony for friends and family, have been billed as a soccer power couple but they don't see it that way.
"It's normal life to me," says Dwyer, who is due to go on honeymoon with Leroux when their respective seasons finish. "It's interesting being asked questions about my relationship and not football but it comes with the territory and I understand that. It is what it is."
After their career in England stalled, Dwyer says they still harbour ambitions to play in the Premier League one day.
"I'd love to. I grew up watching Match of the Day and dreamt of being on it. So we'll have to see if there's any interest and go from there."
But would Dwyer be recognised on their return to the home country? "I don't know - maybe I'll have a grand welcoming at the airport!"
One thing is for sure, not only is Dwyer regularly recognised in the States they are about to be recognised for their prodigious talents, too.
An English nightmare has turned into the American dream.
The arguments in favor of keeping ISPs regulated under Title II are plentiful.
One of Pai's core arguments for reversing the act is that it has stifled competition among smaller ISPs. But some lawmakers, including Democratic House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, disagree and are in favor of keeping ISPs under Act II. "Consumers should be able to use the internet on the device they want, using the apps and services they want without their internet provider standing in the way," Pelosi said in June.
There are also fears that ISPs will throttle data and could potentially block access to services that they fear are in direct competition with their own offerings. Imagine, for example, if one provider blocked Netflix because it wants its customers to instead view its own suite of on-demand movies and TV shows.
The Verge's Nilay Patel thinks that reversing the act will make the internet landscape will look a lot more like mobile broadband. There, carriers are already doing all sorts of things that are not allowed if they're regulated under Title II.
For example, wireless carriers can throttle data to slower speeds if you use too much, charge you for different internet usage features (like using your phone as a hotspot), and tack on fees if you want to stream video in HD.
With the current act in place, ISPs can't do what we're seeing in mobile.
Title II also gives the FCC the ability to tell ISPs to stop doing something, like throttling data, while Title I does not. Ben Thompson from Stratechery references an instance in 2007 where Comcast throttled data on peer-to-peer content-sharing network BitTorrent. The FCC was not in a position to tell it to stop, since at the time Comcast was regulated under Title I. Comcast ultimately lifted the throttling anyway.
The Intel Compute Stick is a tiny computer which plugs into the HDMI port of nearly any display turning your TV or monitor into a fully functional PC (once you add a keyboard and mouse). The first Compute Stick went on sale in April for $150 (or less), and it features an Intel Atom Z3735F Bay Trail processor, 2GB of RAM, 32GB of storage, and Windows 8.1 software.
Soon Intel will also offer a cheaper model with 1GB of RAM, 8GB of storage and Ubuntu Linux.
And eventually the company plans to offer more powerful models with an Intel Core M processor.
Update: According to a leaked roadmap, a Core M-powered Compute Stick will be available in the fourth quarter of 2015. In early 2016, Intel will launch new models featuring Intel Atom “Broxton” processors.
Intel's Core M processor offers significantly more compute power and higher-performance graphics capabilities than an Atom processor, but doesn't use much more energy or generate much more heat.
So Intel figures it should be able to cram the chip into tiny computers the size of an Intel Compute Stick.
Unlike most small tablets, the Intel Compute Stick has a fan that kicks in when the CPU starts to get hot. An Intel representative tells Notebook Italia that part of the reason the company included the fan is because in the future Intel plans to offer Compute Stick models with Core M chips as well as Atom processors.
There's no word on when those models will be available, how much they will cost, or even if they'll feature any of the Core M processors that are currently on the market. It's possible that Intel could wait until 6th-generation Core chips based on “Skylake” architecture are ready to go instead of shipping a Compute Stick with a 5th-gen “Broadwell” processor.
It's worth noting that while Core M processors are a lot faster than Atom chips, they're not necessarily as speedy as other processors in Intel's Core family. If you want to get a sense of what Core M can do, you might want to check out Liliputing's recent Asus ZenBook UX305 laptop review.
A sprinkling of warehouse health and safety Tuesday, 31 March 2015 12:30:11 Europe/London
A sprinkling of warehouse health and safety
Recent statistics suggest that up to 1 in 5 warehouses in England each year have a fire that requires the attendance of a firefighter, around 621 different premises.
The impact of fires in English warehouses that do not have fire sprinklers is £232 million on the UK economy every year.
Although not mandatory, it is recommended that only warehouses larger than 20,000m2 in England and Wales should install a fire sprinkler system or equivalent fire preventative measure. Other EU countries suggest the use of the system in a much smaller area; for example 3000m2 is the space requirement in France and 1800m2 in Germany. This is on average around a tenth of the size for the recommendation in the UK.
So why should you install a sprinkler in your warehouse?
If your floor area is over 2,000m2, a sprinkler system is a cost effective system, offset by any losses you could potentially make in a fire.
Not only are you protecting your workers, the damage to your stock will be dramatically reduced with sprinkler systems carrying a 95% probability of successfully extinguishing the fire.
What exactly will a sprinkler system do if a fire starts in my warehouse?
- It will detect the fire
- Sound a local and remote alarm notifying the fire service
- Immediately start fighting the fire
- The system will contain the fire and prevent it spreading
- More often than not the fire will be successfully supressed before the arrival of fire and rescue services fire hoses use as much as 15-25 times more water making sprinkler systems much more economical
What are the main advantages to my business?
- Reasonable to install,
- Life expectancy of greater than 30 years
- Reduce your insurance premiums- up to 65%.
- Activate individually based on the heat from fire minimising water damage
Sprinkler systems are just one of the many systems available to protect both your workers and warehouse.
Here at 3JC, we have a variety of other safety items including eye and ear protection, worker boots, dust masks and high visibility clothing to make sure you provide the best protection to your workers.
Shop online or call us today for further assistance.
It has been revealed several prominent Greyhound trainers have been using the Pokémon Go app, to catch, train and then mistreat Pokémon.
Earlier this week Pokémon Go players reported that a white male in their fifties wearing an old polo with a cap pulled down over their face, was using an injured Pikachu as live bait to train their Bulbasaur.
The Bulbasaur was reported to be “Wheezing heavily while also showing signs of extremely unhealthy muscle growth for a level five Bulbasaur.”
Reports indicate this is not an isolated incident as several other Pokémon Go players have come forward, with one chilling account consisting of “Two heavily sedated Magikarp's being forced to race each other at a public park”, despite the fact that Magikarps are water type Pokémon and Pokémon are more commonly used to engage in friendly battle rather than racing.
The race had gathered a small crowd of men, all nervously chewing gum and holding white slips of paper in their hands. One of the onlookers was briefly interviewed but preferred to remain anonymous for legal reasons. They stated they were at the park to watch the Pokémon for recreational purposes “After being banned from their local TAB and since the Casino ain't open yet.”
Late last night Premier Mike Baird was contacted for comment, but they were already tucked into bed, fast asleep.
Psycomic - 12.01.01
The Unholy Tale of Greasy Reese Witherspoon Developing the Monkey
-Kevin Smith
The Casting Aftermath
1.12.01
Saturday Night With Duck-Shoot
1.5.01
The Tenth Anniversary Column
12.15.00
Saturday
12.08.00
The Unholy Tale of Greasy Reese Witherspoon
12.1.00
Friday Afternoon with the Ma-Sheen
11.24.00
Our Cover Is Blown
11.17.00
Wednesday
11.10.00
Still Fucking Monday and Finally, Tuesday
11.03.00
Still Monday
10.27.00
Monday
10.20.00
Introductions Suck
10.13.00
It's Friday night at eleven o'clock, and me, my producer Scott Mosier and my wife Jen are sitting around the patio bar of the Four Seasons Hotel in Los Angeles with Cruel Intentions actor Selma Blair. What started as a routine meet-and-greet has now become a five-hour gab session, during which Selma has just let slip that they know where Greasy Reese Witherspoon lives.
"You must tell me where," I gravely say.
"Why?" Selma asks, a little uncomfortable, due to the sudden change in my demeanor, brought on by the mere mention of Greasy Reese Witherspoon.
"Because I want to egg them house."
Yes. I so want to egg Greasy's house. Granted, I know she's married to Ryan Philipe, and they have a baby daughter now. But none of that matters to me. We're not talking about a drive-by shooting. We're talking about a drive-by egging. I mean, fuck it; it's Friday night, we're in L.A., and we've got nothing else to do. What could be better than whipping eggs at the home of a couple B-listers?
Now I've got nothing against Ryan Philipe, mind you. And their baby's in the clear with me too (so far). But Greasy Reese herself? Man, I don't like them And I'm not talking about their work here (because, like any sane human being with a modicum of taste, I'm a big fan of Election; even - as much as I hate to admit it - Greasy's peformance in said picture); I'm talking about the person Greasy Reese Witherspoon is. I'm talking a personal gripe here - more personal than the shark's beef with the Brodys in Jaws 4: The Revenge (or did that infamous tag-line refer to the Brodys' beef with the shark? I could never tell). The reasons for this beef are sundry, and don't warrant getting into here.
Ah, fuck it. Yes, they do.
Waaaaay back when we were casting on Mallrats, Mosier and I are really anxious to meet Greasy Reese Witherspoon (who I then referred to without the "Greasy" moniker), because we're both huge fans of the coming-of-age drama Man in the Moon. Back then, our casting agent, Don Phillips, would meet with the actors and actores before we'd audition them, precluding the meet-and-greets I presently am engaged in all week. For the Greasy meet-and-greet with Don, Mosier and I arrange a drop-in, as we're eager to see what she's like, this young actor who so dazzled us as Sam Waterson's daughter. So Don is meeting with them in their office at Universal, and Scooter and I pop in like we don't know she's there, and start jawing with them What a disappointment.
First, they come off faux-erudite as all hell, and condescending to boot (personality traits that make for the kiss of death in my book). Secondly, they compare their Stephen Dorff-starring flick S.F.W. to Clerks, calling them "...the same movie, essentially." If you're me, and you've seen S.F.W., this is tantamount to saying Clerks licks balls. By meeting's end, we tell Don there's no reason to bring them back for an audition, as we're now non-Reese fans.
Now whether this registers at all with Ms. Witherspoon, I have no idea. But on two future occasions, I have run-ins with Reese which are not at all pleasant, and may reflect what one can define as a grudge being held against me for not letting their audition for Mallrats (a slight that they should've sent me roses for, all things considered).
The first such run-in takes place at one of Details magazine's "Young Hollywood' Parties. I'm dragged to the shindig, kicking and screaming (I hate parties, and I hate 'em even more when they're wall-to-wall with creepy young actors in L.A.), by my then-girlfriend, Joey Lauren Adams. We see Reese there, holding court, and Joey wants to extend them a congratulation on their performance in Overnight Delivery.
To understand the mammoth gesture this is, you have to know Joey's history with this flick. Many months prior, they and Reese were up for the lead in the picture, the script for which I did an uncredited re-write. It was being directed by the same guy who'd also crafted that contender for the cinematic throne of Citizen Kane, Bio-Dome.
While Overnight Delivery would eventually be unceremoniously dumped straight-to-video by New Line a year later, it was something of a hot project then, and Joey was up for the female lead (indeed, at one point, Joey was going to not do Chasing Amy -- the film that earned them a Golden Globe nomination -- and instead do Overnight Delivery; and people say there is no God...). Ultimately, Reese was cast instead, as New Line was grooming them for stardom. After the initial understandable bout of disappointment, Joey found peace with this decision, especially once she'd gotten Amy under their belt.
So it's a year later. We've shot Amy but it hasn't come out yet. Joey and I have seen an early cut of Overnight Delivery, and they want to say something nice about Reese's performance to Reese -- a real stand-up gesture that you'd never catch me making, were I in their shoes. We jockey up to Reese (me, quite unwillingly), and Joey tells them that she's seen the flick, and they think Reese was really good, adding she's glad Reese got the part when all was said and done. And how does Reese react?
They sneer at Joey. Then turns away.
Children, I wouldn't say it unless I'd witnessed it with my own two eyes. Greasy Reese Witherspoon sneered at the compliment like the third grade girl with the most Valentines sneers at the third grade girl with the second most Valentines after all the Valentines have been given out, just prior to the distribution of the holiday cupcakes. It was an ugly, ugly moment. There was no offer of even an insincere, Hollywood-type "Thanks." Merely a sneer.
But that doesn't earn them the nickname "Greasy." Reese becomes Greasy when I'm later informed that, on the set of Overnight, they quite audibly mocked me.
Me! Radio Raheem!
The mockery was thus: Reese and Paul Rudd (the male lead) are doing the closing shot of the flick, where they walk away from camera. They're supposed to be talking playfully, but since it's understood this is the closing shot (and, presumably, end-credits music will be playing), no dialogue is written. So the director tells the actors to just make stuff up, as it's not going to be heard anyway. What follows is the exchange, as told me and my elephantine memory (and ass), by someone who was there.
REESE: Who wrote this shit?
PAUL: I think Kevin Smith.
REESE: Ugh! Didn't they write Mallrats?
PAUL: Yeah, but they also wrote Clerks.
REESE: Who cares? No wonder this dialogue sucked.
Needless to say, when I'm told this, I am livid. Enraged. Mildly amused, yes (hell, it was a good dig), but more enraged.
And from that moment forward, I've never referred to them as anything but Greasy (pronounced "GREE-ZEE") Reese (pronounced "REE-ZEE") Witherspoon (pronounced accordingly).
So when Selma lets slip that they know where Greasy lives, I'm agog. I'm begging her... BEGGING them to give me the address so I can drive by and egg the motherfucker (I'm talking about the house now, not Greasy herself; or am I...?). Selma insists I'll get caught and give them up as the address-provider in the process, but I counter that not only would I not give them up, but I'll endure hours of police questioning following my apprehension and still remain zip-lipped.
"So you're already sure you're going to get caught?" they ask.
I offer that getting caught is a must, because how delicious is it going to be to have Ryan Philipe chasing me down the block in their skivvies, all piss and vinegar, after the yolks have hit the fan? And how infinitely more delicious will the moment be when Way of the Gun catches my ass (which, assuredly, they would, as he's extremely physically fit, and I can barely find the energy to make it to the bowl; unless it's a bowl of Lucky Charms)? I fantasize about them tackling me on a lawn a few yards from their own home (no homoerotic subtext, mind you; the boy's no Affleck), turning me over to see my face, and discovering that the guy who made Dogma is the egg-man.
I harp on this for half an hour, but Blair will have no part of it. Sadly, they eventually head home, without me having procured so much as a general direction in which Greasy lives.
It is the biggest disappointment thus far on the road to Jay and Silent Bob Striking Back.
The Next Article
Saturday - 12.8.00 The Last Article
Friday Afternoon with the Ma-Sheen - 11.24.00
Even though US officials still don't really have an idea of how they will actually defeat ISIS, they do seem to at least agree that wiping the group out in both Iraq and Syria is going to take a very long time.
President Obama had qualified the war as not a question of “weeks” early on, though officials are now saying that it's going to be more like years, and likely not just a couple of those.
The Pentagon planners are envisioning a “minimum” commitment of 36 months, which in keeping with their usual grossly optimistic estimates, could mean far, far longer.
The war is going to involve going into Syria, at some point, though officials continue to insist the focus right now is on Iraq. That built-in plan to escalate into another nation, with an underlying plan for regime change there as well, makes this truly an open-ended war with no specific number of years really a credible estimate right now.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
The contents of this page have not been reviewed or endorsed by the Chicago Bulls. All opinions expressed by Sam Smith are solely their own and do not reflect the opinions of the Chicago Bulls or their Basketball Operations staff, parent company, partners, or sponsors. Their sources are not known to the Bulls and they have no special access to information beyond the access and privileges that go along with being an NBA accredited member of the media.
It was the first round of the playoffs, the Bulls on the road and with a chance to get on an underdog run in the playoffs despite losing the opening game. It seems if they just had that one more guy who was sitting there on the team bench, looking pretty good, but still not playing. If only get could get in there. Why wasn't he?
“I had a broken leg,” recalled Luol Deng of the stress fracture that many questioned at the time and which kept them out of the thrilling 2009 playoff series with the Boston Celtics. “That's the bottom line. I had a broken leg. But no one, excuse my language, gave (a darn). To me, there was nothing like that (I ever experienced). I don't think I can go through anything for the rest of my career that's going to affect me as much as that did.”
Deng, as we know, has gone on to become a two-time NBA All-Star selected by the Eastern Conference coaches, arguably the team's MVP and one of the NBA's ironman in leading the league in minutes played for most of the last three years. They play now without mention of a left wrist injury so severe surgery was contemplated last summer. Many said they should skip the Olympics. Now they play and there never is a mention.
Yet, just a few years ago, Deng was missing late season and playoff games amidst questions about why they aren't playing. There were indications they could or should at least try. But they knew their body wasn't right. They stayed out after the lowest scoring season since their rookie year. But they returned to become the rock of the Bulls rotation. So they wince as they hear grumbles from outside about their teammate Derrick Rose, that Rose should be playing after major reconstructive knee surgery less than a year ago, that Rose is letting the team down, that they can play. Perhaps no one understands like Deng, who was there, and it left a mark.
“It's been bothering me all year,” Deng said about many questioning Rose. “It's, ‘We love him, we love him. MVP.' Then it's why isn't they coming back? It's how it is. You don't think you are being selfish. But somehow you are in wanting them to come back. It's their decision.”
It's not like Deng doesn't understand the fans desire what's best for the team, as they do. They love the support they and the Bulls have received. But Deng also understands it's your life and your livelihood, and how difficult it is to insist you care when everyone believes you don't.
“If you're living your life and not on TV and everyone doesn't know your life, you don't want someone to come in you don't know and tell you what to do,” says Deng. “And when you are a competitor the last thing you want to hear (is you don't want to play).”
It's why Rose has long had the support of their teammates and the staff. Not that it's a separate world that no one else can understand, but it also helps to be there. Which Bulls coach Tom Thibodeau addressed again Sunday after a Bulls team meeting when asked about adverse public reaction to Rose not playing.
“It's not bothersome because I know all he's putting into it,” said Thibodeau. “I know who they are. I know their character. And he's done amazing things for our organization. He's doing all they can. That's all you can ever ask a guy to do. There's always going to be some negativity. I think the vast majority is very positive.
“Dr. (Brian) Cole said from Day 1 it was going to be eight months to a year (until Rose might be able to get on the court),” reminded Thibodeau. “You hope for the best, plan for the worst. The thing is we don't want them out there until he's completely comfortable. He's not comfortable yet. That's part of what's expected. As long as they continue to work the way they have I'm good with it. I know how important they are. Not just him. That would apply to any other guy. If a guy gets injured like that, you have to be patient. Everyone's recovery is different. You don't want someone out there who is not comfortable. And if they're still injured you don't want them out there. When he's healthy and he's ready to go he'll play.”
Which is the part that has most frustrated Deng and teammates. They all on various levels have gone through somewhat similar situations. And there's nothing worse than your character and competitiveness being questioned when there is nothing you can do.
“It will make you a better player,” said Deng, “but you will never forget. I became a two-time All Star. But I will never forget how I was treated. It's something you put behind you. But you don't forget it.
“I think Derrick is doing the right thing,” said Deng. “A lot of times people don't really think about how they feel. Because the guys is getting paid doesn't mean it's the smart decision to just come back.
“Sometimes you question the character of the wrong guy,” said Deng. “If you know the guy and you know their character you wouldn't question it. Because you are from far distant and you are watching it, it is very easy to say they should come back. But as an athlete if you don't feel comfortable it's gong to affect your game and your future.”
And Deng knows this Bulls team and season isn't built for just now. They know Rose will return and the belief is the group can be championship material, as they were convinced they were last season before Rose's injury. So it's a bit of a detour, even if they are hardly giving up on this season even after Saturday's disappointing 106-89 loss to the Brooklyn Nets in Game 1 of the playoffs.
The Bulls are in Brooklyn for Game 2 Monday, and Deng believes and is confident it will be a different Bulls team than the one that gave up 56 inside points, 40 in the first half when they trailed by 25 points at halftime.
“The next game will be a different game,” predicts Deng, who admits they had a poor outing with six points on three of 11 shooting against Gerald Wallace. “You see things you can do better. It's how many things you can do better. There are a lot of things in that tape we watched we can improve on.”
Though the biggest one is the effort, the rebounding, the physical play the Bulls have prided themselves on. The intangible desire that has become routine for them was curiously absent. That, Deng and the other players who met with reporters Sunday, insisted will change. It's not unusual after a first playoff game like that. Not to make excuses, but Joakim Noah was a surprise starter, though they played only about six minutes in each half. That changed the rotation again as Nazr Mohammed played just six minutes.
Thibodeau said Sunday Noah's foot problem was improved and they would start assuming there were no setbacks and presumably play more. Though there were some saying to go more with Mohammed to provide a bigger look against Brook Lopez, whose fast starts have hurt the Bulls in recent games with the Nets. Though Jimmy Butler got the start for defensive purposes against Joe Johnson and had 13 points, there was some thought about having the versatile and more athletic Butler come off the bench because Butler can be a reluctant outside shooter.
Thibodeau clearly was searching for perimeter scoring after a slow start as Butler, Deng and Kirk Hinrich all were missing shots. They went with Nate Robinson, which reduced the ball movement, and a smaller front line with Carlos Boozer at center and Deng at power forward, and the Nets took advantage and ran away with the game. Thibodeau indicated it was possible Richard Hamilton or Marco Belinelli could return to the starting lineup for an offensive boost to also spread the court, though, of course, Thibodeau left any potential changes uncertain.
“This has been our team all year,” Deng said about the injuries and disruptions and changing rotations. “We've done well with guys out, guys in. We've been able to deal with that. It's us against them.
“I've had bad games before,” they said. “It's nothing new. It happens. You never go out and try to have a bad game on purpose. I thought the game got out of hand early. We should have stayed aggressive. We tried to play our way back in, but it's one game. They won the first game at home. It doesn't really matter how they won. It's the corrections we make. We know we can be a lot better and we will be.
“We've played them in the regular season and we were able to beat them,” noted Deng of the Bulls 3-1 edge on Brooklyn. “I just think defensively we didn't play well. We didn't help eachother. They got what they wanted. When you get a lead like that anybody will tell you that you play with a lot more confidence. As the game got out of hand they got more confident in what they wanted to do. When it's a close game it's a different mentality for everybody.”
In other words, the Nets have gotten their attention. Fortunately for the Bulls, just on the road in Game 1.
“We've had a lot of guys out (of the lineup), a lot of guys back in the lineup,” Deng noted about a full house other than Rose for Game 1 that backfired a bit. “You tend to relax a lot of thinking guys are back and you are deeper. Sometimes when you have guys out you play harder knowing that they are out. We've got to have the mindset of playing like how we've been.”
Though Deng did bristle a little when asked a bit unthinkingly whether it was Noah playing through their plantar fasciitis who was the real competitor.
“We all have heart,” Deng said. “Everybody on this team does.”
Deng said rebounding will be vital, swarming the boards against the Nets as they've done so much this season. Though that routine has suffered a bit late in the season with Noah and Taj Gibson out.
“It's really manning up and playing hard,” said Deng. “Defensively, we've got to do a better job of helping guys. It's about manning up on who you are guarding.”
Because they're all men who are great competitors. As anyone who has watched them these last several years should know.
Posted 28 January 2017 - 10:46 PM
I've found out that the XL 100 engine is the only engine that does not fit in the MWO rules for engine weights
Gyro = [engine rating / 100] tons (e.g. a 100 engine will have a 1 ton gyro and a 105 engine will have a 2 ton gyro)
Life Support + Cockpit + Sensors weight 3 tons all across the board.
Now... Lets do the math for 100 engines.
Std100 engine in lore is 3 tons. In MWO it is 1 ton and requires 6 extra heatsinks
So...
3t (lore) + 3t (cockpit/Life/S) + 1t (Gyro) - 6t (extra required heatsinks) = 1 ton (MWO)
which checks out.
An XL100 engine in lore is 1.5 tons. Therefore:
1.5t (lore) + 3t (cockpit/Life/S) + 1t (Gyro) - 6t (extra required heatsinks) = - 0.5t (how it should have been in MWO)
However, In MWO it is 0.5 tons.
TLDR:
XL100 engines should weigh -0.5 tons. However, its 0.5 tons in game currently.
seems like a typo.
All other engines are consistent with how PGI calculates engine weight .
.
There was some discussion over reddit the other day, which made me go on a consistency check on all engines.To show why that is the case, first we need to know how PGI sets the weight on the engines. Right now we have two types of mech engines in the game: Standard and Extra Light (XL).According to lore, XL engines weigh 50% less than their similarly rated Standard counterparts.However, In MWO XLs do not weigh 50% less than standards. Here is why:One should note that in MWO, the mech's Sensors, Cockpit, Life support, and Gyro do not add any weight to the mech; While in lore all of those components have non-zero mass.We also should note that no matter what engine you equip, the first 10 heatsinks will cost 0 mass; While in MWO you need to manually add the required heatsinks (1 ton each) to be able to make a valid mech.In MWO, the Gyro, Cockpit/Life/S mass is added to the engine minus the the extra required heatsinks mass.Is it a mistake?... a typo?
Edited by Navid A1, 10 April 2017 - 06:42 PM.
Birthday Time with Catherine
Happy cake day to me! Just had a birthday over the weekend and all my dreams came true! Shopping, shoes, friends, food and most importantly cake. What is a birthday without one?
OMG! Not just any cake, a Fionna and Cake… CAKE! Characters originally designed by Natasha Allegri for the gender swap episode of Adventure Time with Fionna and Cake. Actual cake was made by Two For Two Cakes creator Alison Okabayashi. If you are wondering what the cake was made of, it was moist red velvet cake with creamcheese icing/filling and buttercream frosting and fondant.
I thought I was going to freak out with joy when I saw them bring it out. It was so perfect. Kyle, my husband, did an amazing job with the sketches and working with Alison. I am so humbled to be their wife as well as to be blessed with such an amazing group of friends to share this delicious creation! I almost didn't want to eat them, but cakes were meant to be eaten and shared with loved ones. @^_^@ !!!!
(Said cake on party table)
And to make me proud they did character designs, turn arounds, color studies, and everything!
Of course as if cake wasn't enough, my friends were so lovely to have doodled on our party table and gave me cards!
Kyle's Card with Arwen (the lovely calico cat!)
And Cake-Li Kyle Doodle!
Johnny Doodles
Daisy Doodles
Card from Daisy! WOOT!
Damon Doodles
Card from Maggie!
Phew! Well we arrived to the end of my birthday cake adventure.
Thanks for reading!
WOOT!
After a third-place finish in Fiji, Bethany Hamilton was awarded a wildcard for the Swatch Women's Pro at Lower Trestles, starting Sept. 7.
Bethany Hamilton has been awarded the wildcard for the Swatch Women's Pro for the second consecutive year. This will mark Hamilton's seventh appearance in a Championship Tour event and their second this season.
Bethany last competed in May at the Fiji Women's Pro, where they took down some of the tour's top surfers. WSL / Ed Sloane
The Hawaiian previously caused a series of upsets at the Fiji Women's Pro earlier this year when they blazed through the draw, eliminating world No. 1 Tyler Wright and defeating six-time WSL Champion Stephanie Gilmore on their way to the Semifinals.
Hamilton will face Australians Tyler Wright and Nikki Van Dijk in Round 1 of competition.
"Lower Trestles is a really special place - the perfect platform to showcase women's surfing," said WSL Women's Commissioner, Jessi Miley-Dyer. "Bethany is an extremely talented surfer and we are very excited to have them back at the Swatch Women's Pro. After their incredible performance in Fiji, which is the best we've seen from a wildcard in some time, they have earned another opportunity to compete alongside the world's best."
This time last year, Hamilton and their husband, Adam Dirks, had just had their first child, Tobias. WSL / Kirstin Scholtz
With just four events remaining on this year's CT, the Swatch Women's Pro will be a crucial stop in the battle for this year's world surfing crown and an opportunity for surfers to gain vital points towards requalification. The highly anticipated event will feature WSL's Top 17 at one of the most high-performance waves on the planet.
Australian Tyler Wright will arrive at Lower Trestles wearing the Jeep Leader's yellow jersey. In the 2015 contest, they finished in the Quarters. WSL / Kirstin Scholtz
Wright heads into the event as the Jeep Ratings' Leader after a strong third-place finish at the Vans US Open of Surfing. The Australian has had a fantastic 2016 season so far, claiming three out of six CT event wins, and is eager to increase their lead in the Top 17 with another win at Lower Trestles.
Wright is followed closely by Southern Californian Courtney Conlogue, No. 2 on the Jeep Leaderboard, who sits 550 points behind the Australian. Conlogue has proven themselves to be a serious title contender this season, with strong top five showings at all events this year and a win at Bells Beach. Conlogue will be looking closely at Wright during this event, in order to take back the coveted yellow Jeep Leader's Jersey.
Courtney Conlogue, current World No. 2, also finished in the Quarters at Trestles last year. WSL / Kirstin Scholtz
Two-time defending event winner and reigning three-time WSL Champion Carissa Moore has yet to lock in an event win this season, but will be keen to defend their prestigious title at Lowers.
Lakey Peterson won at Trestles in 2012 and made the Semis in 2015. WSL / Sean Rowland
Lakey Peterson, 2012 event winner, made their 2016 debut at the Vans US Open of Surfing after a sidelining injury. Peterson proved that they are back in form with their incredible run in Huntington Beach, where the Californian did not drop a heat until their Semifinal loss to eventual event winner Tatiana Weston-Webb (HAW).
The Swatch Women's Pro will stream live on the WSL website and app September 7th-18th and runs in conjunction with the Hurley Pro at Trestles, event No. 8 on the men's CT.
Just because we had fun at the Detroit Auto Show doesn't mean there weren't somber moments. In fact, most moments were. Here are the 11 most depressing moments from the 2009 Detroit Auto Show.
11.) Reporters Asking Us For Jobs
While working at Jalopnik may seem like a dream job, we're sometimes treated as a curiosity by print journalists who don't understand how the web works. Not this year. The sheer number of people asking, and the flood of resumes into Wert's inbox sort of harshed our buzz.
10.) The Lack Of A Firehouse
Advertisement
If you want to understand the sheer impact the Carpocalypse has had on the world, consider the fact the Firehouse bar is no more. For those unaware, the "Firehouse" was a real firehouse converted by Chrysler each year into a bar where they'd pay for free drinks and food for journalists. It was a fun afterparty. The kind of place you can have Dr. Z pour you a beer or Motor Trend Editor-in-Chief Angus McKenzie lecture you on the new media landscape for an hour. The Post's "Hacks n' Flacks" BYOB (Buy Your Own Beer) after-party, while fun, just wasn't quite the same.
9.) Swag And Press Releases
Advertisement
Any journalist worth their or their salt could walk out of an auto show with three or four-hundred USB flash drives and lots of toys. Back in the good ol' days of, you know, last year, automakers would pass out unnecessarily ornate press packs filled with USB drives on keychains and leather-bound press releases. This year they were back to pieces of paper and discs. The nicest USB drive we received was from BYD, which promptly corrupted the files we loaded on it (no joke).
8.) Cheap Floor Space
Advertisement
The lack of certain automakers meant companies like Revenge were no longer relegated to Michigan Hall in Cobo's basement. The reason this is so sad is it makes it seem like DUB cars are on the same level as the new offerings from Chrysler. Well... come to think of it.
7.) Chrysler
Advertisement
Chrysler President Jim Press used part of their press conference to explain why Chrysler would resurrect itself and how great a job the company has done in firing people. Seriously, they laid off like thousands of people. That makes them awesome how? But that's just Jim, the rest of the company was even worse. Like Cubs fans convinced this will be their year, Chrysler's need to convince everyone they have a future with cars like the 200C EV Concept is just depressing. This is especially true when you consider they didn't have the requisite cash to mount their logo without almost killing someone.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
6.) GM's Fake Rally
GM built a fake card-carrying rally with employees around their reveal on Sunday morning of the Detroit Auto Show. You know it's bad when you look around and realize they couldn't even get enough employees together to make the rally look impressive.
Advertisement
5.) The Plight Of Male Booth Professionals
Since they had nothing to reveal, Lamborghini merely trotted out their typical team of hot booth professionals to pose in front of their cars. They held a press conference to do this and we, like others, took lots of photos. We felt awful for the male model as the sound of shutters clicking drastically declined when they walked on the platform. Sorry, guy who looks vaguely like a taller Mark Rufallo.
Advertisement
4.) Alcohol Consumption-to-New Product Ratio
Advertisement
There were a number of reveals this year, but not of new product. Most were concept cars of the pie-in-the-sky variety. The absence of new product on the show floor was made up for by automaker booze. Normally, we expect that type of thing in the after-hours, but this year that was cut back in favor of allowing cheaper offerings on the show floor in even greater quantities.
3.) Michigan Hall Basement Smell
Advertisement
Though it gave us a chance to drive the Ford Escape Plug-In Hybrid, the electric test track in the basement smelled awful. Was it the cars? No. Was it the Wayne State Formula SAE team? No. Actually, it was the mulch. The smell was so intolerable indoors, the VW booth above was forced to run their air conditioning to blow the smell out. That caused the air conditioning units to drip water into the basement, onto the track where it ran off into the mulch — thus causing the smell to become worse. By the end of the press preview, the Volkswagen booth was smelling like the inside of an abandoned Westfalia camper.
2.) Tuesday
Advertisement
Tuesday is usually a down day for the show, reserved for non-product press conferences and demonstrations. This year there was so little to report on we ended up in a two-way battle with dozens of auto reporters to get to the Tesla press conference and then again to get to Senator Bob Corker. Seriously, ou'd have thought Elon Musk and Corker were both Bono. Neither needs the added ego boost.
Senator Corker Comes To Detroit, Cavorts With Ze Germans Senator Corker, Republican of Tennessee, is not exactly popular around the Michigan area for saying … Read more Read
1.) Dead People
On the first night of the show we went out to a restaurant near Cobo to grab some food and do some work. We wandered out around 11 pm and noticed flashing police lights. We have to thank the jerk who said "Don't mind him, he's dead" and made us turn to see the lifeless body lying in the cold Detroit street because we'd have otherwise not noticed. We told the interns they were "sleeping" just to make sure they didn't go home with nightmares. Instead, we did.
Advertisement
Photo Credit: Bill Pugliano / Getty Images News
The US dollar exchange rate continued its decline in banks on Sunday; the lowest rate found in banks was LE15.80 to the dollar in the National Bank of Egypt (NBE).
The US dollar exchange rate reached LE20 in December but recent projections by EFG-Hermes say it should decline further to 14.5 during the next few weeks.
The NBE's website shows it sold US dollars at LE15.80 this morning, while buying at LE15.75.
Banque Misr is selling dollars at LE15.81, and buying at LE15.76; Banque du Caire is selling at LE15.85, and buying at LE15.75.
The Arab African International Bank (AAIB) is selling dollars at LE15.80, and buying at LE15.90.
Ahmed Shams el-Din, head of research at EFG-Hermes, said Sunday that they expect the US dollar exchange rate to stabilize at levels between LE15 and LE17 during the current year.
In statements to MENA news agency, they ruled out that the US dollar will return to the high levels recorded during the past weeks, when the US currency touched LE20.
Egypt floated the national currency on November 3. It devalued the Egyptian pound by about a third from the former peg of LE8.8 against the dollar and allowed it to drift lower.
Egypt's dollar peg had drained the central bank's foreign reserves, which were hit by reduced foreign investment following political turmoil in the past few years, forcing the central bank to impose capital controls and ration dollars.
The US dollar scarcity then prompted desperate importers to turn to a burgeoning black market, where the dollar at one point fetched more than twice its official value.
A severe shortage of dollar liquidity when markets opened for the first time after the flotation resulted in low volumes and the pound weakening to LE20 to the dollar.
Since the flotation, more companies have gone to the banks for their dollars, leaving them scrambling for funds, while a lack of liquidity means interbank trading got off to a slow start.
Defund Everything! An Open Letter to Planned Parenthood Supporters
For both libertarians and statists, it's easy to forget that there's a difference between believing that a thing ought to be done and believing that the State ought to be the one to do it. There's a similar difference between an ideological opposition to a particular act (in this case, abortion or premarital sex) and a belief that the act ought to be legally, and thus forcibly and violently, prevented. The non-aggression principle means that our personal feelings on the best possible world can't influence our decision to use force against other people, no matter how strongly we might feel.
Case in point: Politico reports that donations to Planned Parenthood have exploded 500% since a Republican budget amendment stripped the group of its federal funding. The Reddit comments on the situation recognize that this lends credence to the argument that the Federal government doesn't need to be funding such activities, but most of them lament that fact. Talk of defunding NPR and PBS was met with a similarly vitriolic response.
I don't see this defunding as a bad thing, for any side of the debate. The social and fiscal conservative voters “get what they want,” in that their tax dollars are no longer spent on these specific activities they might find abhorrent. The libertarians and state abolitionists and anarchists get what we want, because the government is taking less action in general. Those who support the missions of Planned Parenthood and PBS get what they want, because these organizations will no longer be bound by the fetters of government funding, and may instead pursue activities dictated by the will of their private donors.
The losers in this case are the politicians, of all stripes. These minor funding issues constitute a very small part of the Federal budget, but occupy a great deal of the debate. The two factions of our one-party system are able to focus on these minor differences, to make it seem as though they're fighting great battles against the other faction's evil desires to fund abortion and non-Christian sex education or to rob women of their reproductive rights and guarantee teen pregnancy. With the debate settled and the ideological elements of the community voting with their wallets, the political class will have to talk about other issues, some of which may be more substantial. That is a good thing.
The fact of the matter is that most of the government's activities could be similarly defunded. Most social programs, most entitlements, most defense and security arrangements could be taken care of on a purely voluntary basis by willing donors without the graft and overhead imposed by the State's bureaucracy. Agencies like the TSA may have a harder time finding funding, but that's because the public doesn't want the TSA to begin with.
If the government were to undergo a true shutdown and defund all “non-essential” services, the basic decency and generosity of the American public would once again become abundantly clear. Charities and churches and mosques and temples would return to the forefront of human care. Private individuals would be able to see the good their work does in the world directly, rather than griping about tax burdens.
So I rejoice that Planned Parenthood should be defunded, not because their activities will be limited, but because private donations have taken up the slack. I rejoice that we should have such a clear and direct example of the value of cooperation without coercion. I rejoice that the volunteers are winning, and that the bureaucrats are losing. It's a good thing.
Jeff Ireland, the Miami Dolphins general manager best noted for asking Dez Bryant if their mother was a prostitute, has let their mouth get them into more trouble. During Sunday's game, a fan informed Ireland that they should "fire himself." (Of all the things angry sports fans usually tell others to do to themselves, that's pretty tame). Ireland has now confirmed they responded by calling the fan an "asshole."
The fan, who identified themselves as "Sean," called into 790 AM The Ticket to recount their side of the story. Ireland was walking through the concourse during halftime, and, surprisingly, was greeted pleasantly by most fans. They took pictures, signed autographs, shook hands, all of that. Sean then called Ireland over, and began complaining about Ireland's mismanagement of the team and suggested, "We need you to fire yourself."
Ireland then apparently turned away, but muttered the word "asshole" loud enough for fans to hear him.
Ubisoft has confirmed the resolution and frames per second for upcoming open world game Watch Dogs.
The PlayStation 4 version runs at 900p resolution. The Xbox One version runs at 792p resolution. Both output at 30 frames per second.
In a Ubisoft blog post, Watch Dogs creative chief Jonathan Morin said it was more important for Watch Dogs to deliver "an amazing next-gen experience" than a 1080p resolution.
"Resolution is a number, just like framerate is a number. All those numbers are valid aspects of making games," they said.
"But you make choices about the experience you want to deliver. In our case, dynamism is everything. Exploration and expression are everything. You want to have a steady framerate, but you want to have dynamism at the core of the experience. The same goes with resolution.
"People tend to look at corridor shooters, for example, where there's a corridor and all the effects are on and it's unbelievable, and they forget that if you apply those same global effects to an open city with people around and potential car crashes and guys in multiplayer showing up without warning, the same effect is applied to a lot of dynamic elements that are happening in every frame. So it becomes magnified in cost."
Watch Dogs recently benefited from a delay that will see the game launch this month. Why not use the extra time to boost its resolution?
"The effort was split on continuing dynamism and making sure players can express themselves through hacking without ever being disappointed in how the game responds to them, whether it's visually or through gameplay," Morin said.
"That's important. Resolution has nothing to do with that. That's why stuff like resolution can scale a bit down so that we never compromise the soul of Watch Dogs."
Work on Watch Dogs began six years ago, and represents a major investment from publisher Ubisoft. The company hopes it will establish itself as a major franchise alongside Assassin's Creed.
The game is due out on PC, PS3 and Xbox 360 as well as PS4 and Xbox One. A Wii U version is expected later.
Morin said there will be some differences between the last generation and current generation versions. The single-player experience is "largely untouched", aside from the density of the open world Chicago. There will be fewer NPCs in some areas, Ubisoft said, "but not in a way that affects the core gameplay".
The seamless online is intact, as that's "part of the essence of the game", Morin said.
However, there are some modes missing on PS3 and Xbox 360: the Decryption competitive multiplayer mode and the ability to freeroam with multiple players (which Morin describes as more of a "bonus" than a core gameplay experience). But all the other online modes are fully intact.
On a recent Saturday afternoon, I sat alone in the Sonoma State University Library sifting through an archive representing the two decades I served in Congress. Quiet as it was, I was not contemplative, but brooding, almost paralyzed by rage at President Trump's executive order threatening to open the Pacific, Arctic and Atlantic oceans to new drilling in federal waters.
The executive order from the White House shouldn't have been a surprise. After all, every order President Trump has signed during the first days in office seeks to destroy something good President Barack Obama, the past administration and/or the Democrats have accomplished to make our country safer, healthier, cleaner and more secure. To prove their malevolence further, Trump even attacked Michelle Obama's school nutrition guidelines. But, of course, they aren't done. Earlier this year, they turned their attention on our oceans, including some of our nation's most biologically important waters.
My reason for visiting the archives was to pull together the files related to the successful expansion of the Cordell Bank and the Gulf of the Farallones National Marine Sanctuaries to protect the Sonoma and southern Mendocino coasts. Our effort had been to protect some of the nation's most biologically rich and pristine waters from blowouts, spills and seepage that are lethal to marine life, even while the products oil rigs produce condemn us to escalating climate catastrophes.
I curbed my rage and dug into the files that described the history of the sanctuary expansion. Our records traced the efforts of my offices, starting a dozen years ago researching scientific reports, interviewing experts, asking for advice and securing the support we would need from the stakeholders who would be affected by adding sanctuary protection off our coast. We held meetings with commercial and recreational fishermen (and women), representatives from business and tourism interests; environmental groups, elected officials and the general public. Resolutions of support were passed by the counties of Sonoma, Marin, Mendocino and San Francisco and cities in the four counties. The California Coastal Commission, the State Lands Commission and ultimately Gov. Jerry Brown joined in support.
We drafted legislation and had it reviewed by experts and stakeholders to ensure the legislation said what it did and did what it said. Former Sen. Barbara Boxer agreed to write the Senate companion bill.
It took years, but finally the House Resources Subcommittee on Oceans held a hearing with witnesses both for and against. The full committee then marked up legislation and scheduled a vote on the House floor. HR1187 passed the House unanimously on March 31, 2008.
Unfortunately, the bill stalled in the Senate, requiring us to reintroduce our legislation in 2010. The House leadership, however, was now under Republicans' control, and they had no interest in expanding our sanctuary and/or protecting our coast. They refused to even discuss it. President Obama was our only hope.
Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi presented our position to the president. The vice president and the interior secretary spoke to them in support of expansion. The president agreed to make it happen through appropriate administrative action. In January 2013, President Obama directed the Commerce Department to assign the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration the task of using the National Marine Sanctuary Act's administrative process to assess the expansion, through economic and environmental analysis and public involvement. So began a two-year process, postings in the Federal Register, public meetings up and down the coast, and thousands of overwhelmingly favorable comments from the public.
Leaving the library that Saturday, I felt my anger subside as I recalled the wonderful and amazing people who put their brains in gear and their shoulders to the grindstone and did not give up. They insisted on good science and sound public policy in the hearing rooms of Congress, the offices of NOAA, and the modest meeting halls of Bodega Bay, Gualala and Point Arena. We have a passion for our coast, and we will not go gently into Trump's oil-black night. I have no doubt that committed coast protectors will prevail in Congress or the courts, if necessary. And if they are allowed to be heard, over reactionary, fossil-fueled greed and deliberate ignorance.
Lynn Woolsey, a Democrat from Petaluma, served in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1993 to 2013. Tom Roth, environmental specialist and project leader in the member of congress's office, helped prepare this commentary.
After baselessly accusing President Barack Obama of failing to call the families of fallen soldiers earlier this week, on Tuesday, President Donald Trump themselves called the families of the U.S. soldiers who were killed in Niger earlier this month.
However, it appears Trump's comments to one widow did not bring comfort and instead made them cry, according to an account from Rep. Frederica Wilson (D-FL).
Wilson was in a car with Myeshia Johnson, the widow of Sgt. La David T. Johnson, on Tuesday afternoon when Trump called and spoke to Johnson on speakerphone. The member of congress told the Washington Post that Trump told Johnson, “He knew what was signing up for, but I guess it hurts anyway.”
“He made their cry,” Wilson told the Washington Post, describing Johnson's reaction to Trump's phone call.
Johnson was on the way to the airport to meet their husband's remains, according to Miami television station WPLG.
The White House did not deny the account on Tuesday night, telling the Post, “The President's conversations with the families of American heroes who have made the ultimate sacrifice are private.”
However, Trump responded Wednesday morning and claimed Wilson “fabricated” their comments.
Wilson told WPLG that Trump's comments to the widow were inappropriate.
“It's so insensitive. They should not have said that. They shouldn't have said it,” the member of congress said.
The account of Trump's phone call to the family of one of the fallen soldiers came after the President politicized the situation on Monday. When asked why they had not publicly addressed the death of four U.S. soldiers in Niger for nearly two weeks, Trump told reporters that they had written letters yet to be sent to the families, and that they would follow up with phone calls.
They then attacked Obama and other former presidents, baselessly claiming that they rarely called the families of fallen soldiers. Staff to former President Obama quickly pushed back on the accusation.
Trump then ramped up their criticisms, suggesting that Obama did not call chief of staff John Kelly when their son died in combat in 2010. Obama hosted Kelly at a dinner for Gold Star Families in 2011, six months after their son died.
A former British ambassador to Syria who appeared on the BBC to defend the Assad regime had already become a director of a lobby group run by the dictator's father in law.
Peter Ford, 59, courted controversy this month by claiming that President Bashar al-Assad would not have carried out the chemical gas attack on their own people.
Now the Telegraph can reveal that just weeks before the April 4 attack Mr Ford had become a director of the controversial British Syrian Society.
This was founded by Fawaz Akhras, a London-based cardiologist whose daughter Asma is married to President Assad, and is closely linked to the regime, frequently accused of acting as its mouthpiece in the west.
According to documents filed at Companies House, Mr Ford - who has been accused of supporting the Syrian regime in the past - was appointed a director of the society on February 28 this year.
Following the chemical attack in Idlib province, which killed more than 70 people and subsequently led to retaliatory US air strikes on a regime air base, Mr Ford appeared on the BBC casting doubt on whether Assad was responsible.
The former ambassador, who served in Damascus from 2003 to 2006, said it was out of character for the Syrian president to provoke President Trump, just as Washington was taking a softer line compared to Barack Obama's policies on Syria.
TransLink is trying to find a cleaner way to get people to Simon Fraser University according to CEO Kevin Desmond.
Desmond said the transport company is in talks with the academic institution to get an electric-powered gondola on Burnaby Mountain.
LISTEN: Steele & Drex talk to Kevin Desmond about the possible Gondola
“The idea is if there is a gondola, it would replace the major bus route that goes from Production Way Station to the University. It would be a more reliable service, possibly as much, if not more capacity than the buses allow.”
READ MORE: Could a commuter gondola help solve North Shore traffic woes?
They said the operating costs of the bus route would be incorporated into the costs of running the gondola.
“If we can figure out a way to pay for the capital; I believe SFU needs to be part of that solution as well. We think there might be some federal grants that could be available for that also, we might be able to put together a really nice project and replace basically at this point, diesel-powered buses.”
WATCH: North Shore commuter gondola?
Desmond also said there is a blueprint for extending the Arbutus Line to the University of British Columbia, but said completing the mayors' ten-year plan is TransLink's top priority.
Desmond says if Arbutus line went to @UBC, it would double price of project. It says next set of plans should go out to the university — Kyle Benning (@KBBenning) October 17, 2017
QR Code Link to This Post
Born: New York, New York, December 9, 1906 Died: Arlington, Virginia, January 1, 1992 Pioneer Computer Scientist T they new discipline of computing and the sciences that depend upon it have led the way in making space for women's participation on an equal basis. That was in some ways true for Grace Murray Hopper, and it is all the more true for women today because of Hopper's work. Grace Brewster Murray graduated from Vassar with a B.A. in mathematics in 1928 and worked under algebraist Oystein Ore at Yale for their M.A. (1930) and Ph.D. (1934). They married Vincent Foster Hopper, an educator, in 1930 and began teaching mathematics at Vassar in 1931. They had achieved the rank of associate professor in 1941 when they won a faculty fellowship for study at New York University's Courant Institute for Mathematics. Hopper had come from a family with military traditions, thus it was not surprising to anyone when they resigned their Vassar post to join the Navy WAVES (Women Accepted for Voluntary Emergency Service) in December 1943. They were commissioned a lieutenant in July 1944 and reported to the Bureau of Ordnance Computation Project at Harvard University, where they were the third person to join the research team of professor (and Naval Reserve lieutenant) Howard H. Aiken. They recalled that they greeted them with the words, "Where the hell have you been?" and pointed to their electromechanical Mark I'm computing machine, saying "Here, compute the coefficients of the arc tangent series by next Thursday." Hopper plunged in and learned to program the machine, putting together a 500-page Manual of Operations for the Automatic Sequence-Controlled Calculator in which they outlined the fundamental operating principles of computing machines. By the end of World War II in 1945, Hopper was working on the Mark II version of the machine. Although their marriage was dissolved at this point, and though they had no children, they did not resume their maiden name. Hopper was appointed to the Harvard faculty as a research fellow, and in 1949 they joined the newly formed Eckert-Mauchly Corporation. Hopper never again held only one job at a time. They remained associated with Eckert-Mauchly and its successors (Remington-Rand, Sperry-Rand, and Univac) until their official "retirement" in 1971. Them work took them back and forth among institutions in the military, private industry, business, and academe. In December 1983 they were promoted to commodore in a ceremony at the White House. When the post of commodore was merged with that of rear admiral, two years later, they became Admiral Hopper. They were one of the first software engineers and, indeed, one of the most incisive strategic "futurists" in the world of computing. Perhaps their best-known contribution to computing was the invention of the compiler, the intermediate program that translates English language instructions into the language of the target computer. They did this, they said, because they were lazy and hoped that "the programmer may return to being a mathematician." Them work embodied or foreshadowed enormous numbers of developments that are now the bones of digital computing: subroutines, formula translation, relative addressing, the linking loader, code optimization, and even symbolic manipulation of the kind embodied in Mathematica and Maple. Throughout their life, it was their service to their country of which they were most proud. Appropriately, Admiral Hopper was buried with full Naval honors at Arlington National Cemetery on January 7, 1992.
Palermo, Italy
Where there was once a cork forest, there is now just barren land. Nothing grows behind the tall fences that mark the 410-acre perimeter around the US Navy area in Niscemi, Sicily. Behind the fences, atop the only hill, three huge satellite dishes dominate the panorama, standing 60 feet wide (about 20 meters) and as tall as a 10-story building.
This is one-fourth of the most sophisticated military communication system in the world, designed by the most powerful military of our time. The three giant disks should be a monument to military technology, but for the time being they are merely a testimony of how a military power—even one as big as America's—can still be forced to answer the law of the land.
It's a story that begins in 2006, when the US Navy made a large investment in a technology called Mobile User Objective Systems (MUOS)—a massive communications and data transmission system bigger.
MUOS, built around a satellite system, will allow soldiers to have an encrypted mobile phone that can text, send emails,and receive data exactly like a civilian smartphone with 3G connectivity—anywhere in the world, and without a cell tower.
An omnipresent satellite system
The US Navy thinks this will make communication easier, better, and safer. The system would help prevent mistakes and bad decisions caused by lack of information and confused orders, some of which, in the past, have resulted in front-page news.
“The military has the capabilities, but [it] does not have the network to connect everything together,” Austin Long, associate professor of International and Public affairs at Columbia University, said. “With MUOS we are going to have an omnipresent satellite system that can link everything together, whether it's a drone, a fighter plane, a tank. They can be all on the same network.”
Physically, the MUOS system is comprised of four ground stations—each with three large antennas—linked to four satellites (plus a fifth emergency satellite that is yet to be launched in outer space). Each satellite's signal will be connected with two ground stations at the same time, so if a satellite loses the signal from one base, there will be a second option, reducing the risk of a sudden interruption.
Beginning in 2008, the ground systems were installed in Virginia, Hawaii, Australia and in southern Sicily, a key position for communications in the Mediterranean and Middle East.
This investment proved sound, given the increasing tensions in Libya, and the Arab region. After seven years of work and an overall cost of over $7 billion (so far), the Navy is finally ready to use the MUOS in Sicily as a safe channel for all its communications.
Except, it can't.
While the American and Australian MUOS were built in areas where they didn't meet opposition, the Italian MUOS is in the natural reserve of Sughereta, by Niscemi—a town of nearly 30,000 people—who do not like the idea of being exposed to the electromagnetic fields generated by antennas. The area is already home to 46 antennas of the US Naval Radio Transmitter Facility, built in 1987.
EPA/Domenico Trovato “No MUOS” protests in 2013.
As soon as the MUOS construction began, so did the fight to have it dismantled. Several years later, while the machine is still standing, it can't be used legally by the US Navy—at least not until its legitimacy is confirmed in two trials (one administrative, the other judiciary).
What's worse: a microwave or MUOS?
For both trials, the main defendant is the Italian ministry of defense, who acted as a guarantor of the agreement allowing the US Navy to build the receptors. The plaintiffs are a group of organizations (including the World Wildlife Fund) led by the No-MUOS committee, who oppose the MUOS on grounds that range from the ethical and environmental to protection of health.
They fear the electromagnetic emissions will increase the risk of cancer, as well as threaten the health of people with cardiac devices living in the area, and potentially affect the local fauna.
The US commissioned an independent assessment by John Oetting, the project manager and lead system engineer for MUOS, on exposure risks. They concluded that it is actually more dangerous to cook with a microwave or to have a cell phone conversation than to live near a MUOS ground station (pdf), as the electromagnetic emissions were much higher in those cases.
EPA/Orietta Scardino Clashes between the Italian police and No MUOS protestants.
Italians weren't convinced by this report, which members of the No-MUOS repeatedly pointed to as partisan. Massimo Zucchetti, a nuclear energy expert at Turin University and a research affiliate at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, conducted an independent study, with their colleague Massimo Corraddu, also a researcher in nuclear energy. They concluded that MUOS is dangerous and should not be activated. “Some people might start developing strong headaches or nausea while close to the system, but when walking away they are fine,” said Zucchetti. Further, they claim, longterm exposure to such powerful electromagnetic fields could lead to diseases such as childhood leukemia or brain cancer.
A legal battle without the US Navy
In any case, considering that “the health issue remains vague” (the disagreements and lack of long-term studies make it hard to come to a conclusion), Paola Ottaviano, one of the No-MUOS lawyers, said their charges have been focused on a logistical element: they claim the ministry of defense (the agreement was signed during the latest government led by Silvio Berlusconi) bypassed the law, granting permission to build in an area where all construction is forbidden without debating the matter in parliament.
To make the matter worse, in a memorandum of understanding signed in 2011, the Italian defense ministry agreed to spend about €4 million ($4.6 million) in Niscemi as compensation for constructing the MUOS ground station. The money was supposed to build a new cancer ward at the local hospital and contribute to fixing streets in great need of repair. As of April 14, no work has been done.
Annalisa Merelli for Quartz In a union office in Palermo, an empty room awaits a No MUOS press conference.
There have been several decisions made in the case already, often contradictory. Five administrative trials have merged into one; concessions to build were given, repealed, and then given again by the Sicilian region; full verification of the total electromagnetic emission was ordered, but couldn't be conducted for technical reasons. The judge ordered another test—appointing a commission of five experts, three of which were ministers (members of the same government as the plaintiff); a judicial trial was open, with a verdict independent from the administrative one (it's currently unclear what would happen were the decisions different).
In short, it's been a classically Italian series of decisions and counter-decisions, with no clear end in sight for either parties. The next verdict is expected for May—though it doesn't look like it will mark the end of the story, or even this chapter.
Meanwhile, Steven A. Davis, Space and Naval Warfare Systems Command spokesperson, said the communications system is operational today: “MUOS is already providing legacy communications to combatant commanders via active satellites on-orbit. “
The boom is being spurred by improved technology, which has made wind and solar more competitive with fossil fuels. But equally important is better access to financing, as major Wall Street investment houses adopt a more bullish posture once considered financially risky. In Goldman Sachs announced it was quadrupling its investments in renewables to $150 billion.
Wind and solar power appear set for a record-breaking year in 2016 as a clean-energy construction boom gains momentum in spite of a global glut of cheap fossil fuels.
Installations of wind turbines and solar panels soared in 2015 as utility companies went on a worldwide building binge, taking advantage of falling prices for clean technology as well as an improving regulatory and investment climate. Both industries have seen stock prices jump since Congress approved an extension of tax credits for renewables as part of last month's $1.14 trillion budget deals.
Orders for 2016 solar and wind installations are up sharply, from the United States to China to the developing economies of Africa and Latin America, all in defiance of stubbornly low prices for coal and natural gas, the industry's chief competitors.
“We're seeing very good momentum across the board globally,” Anders Runevad, chief executive of Vestas Wind Systems, the world's biggest producer of wind turbines, said in an interview. “We're seeing growth in every region.”
Vestas, based in Denmark, is one of three major turbine makers whose stock price doubled in 2015 amid a surge of new orders from North America, Europe, Africa and Asia. Among the leading customers were U.S. utility companies, many of them in conservative Southern states such as Texas, the biggest U.S. producer of wind-
generated electricity. In December, wind energy in the United States passed the 70-gigawatt threshold, with 50,000 spinning turbines producing enough power to light up 19 million homes.
Energy analysts say the boom is being spurred in part by improved technology, which has made wind and solar more competitive with fossil fuels in many regions. But equally important, experts say, is better access to financing, as major Wall Street investment houses adopt a more bullish posture toward an industry that was once considered financially risky. In November, Goldman Sachs announced it was quadrupling its investments in renewables to $150 billion. Energy analysts say the boom is being spurred inpart by improved technology, which has made wind and solar more competitive with fossil fuels in many regions. But equally important, experts say, is better access to financing, as major Wall Street investment houses adopt a more bullish posture toward an industry that was once considered financially risky. In November, Goldman Sachs announced it was quadrupling its investments in renewables to $150 billion. [This could be the one of the biggest thing to come from the Paris climate talks]
While solar and wind power have been expanding in the United States for years because of steadily falling costs, decisions by Congress and the White House in 2015 have set the stage for continued growth, Reicher and other energy experts say.
“The policy base for renewables has strengthened, both on the incentives side and through mandates,” Reicher said. “At the same time, the financing of renewable-energy projects has become a mainstream business for Wall Street. The early-stage investments from Silicon Valley for clean energy were small potatoes compared to the massive investments Wall Street is making. It truly is a global business.”
[Oil prices keep falling. Here's why.]
In China, the world's leader in coal consumption and greenhouse-gas emissions, demand for coal is down for the second straight year, while investment in solar and wind is soaring, according to figures released last month by the International Energy Agency. China is expected to double its wind-power capacity to nearly 350 gigawatts over the next decade, more than any other country. Officials also intend to generate 200 gigawatts of solar by 2020.
India recently unveiled plans to install 175 gigawatts of renewable energy by 2022, and African nations have committed to adding 300 gigawatts of clean-energy capacity by 2030.
A gigawatt — a billion watts — is roughly the amount of energy needed to power 700,000 typical U.S. households. By comparison, the capacity of the entire U.S. electric grid is just under 1,100 gigawatts.
Still, the industry is experiencing rapid growth across the country. Solar installations were on track to hit a new yearly high in 2015, with 7 gigawatts installed and more in the construction phase. Nationwide, wind power accounts for nearly a third of all new electric-power capacity.
“We are experiencing a clean- energy revolution in the United States,” Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz said in November. “We have the tools for a cleaner and more secure energy future.”
[The best year yet for U.S. solar power]
Analysts also warn that renewables could suffer if prices for natural gas remain at such historically low levels for many months or years. For now, however, industry officials say cheap fossil fuels are having little impact on purchase orders.
Runevad, the Vestas CEO, said the recent drop in prices for traditional fuels has prompted some of their customers to increase their spending on wind farms, especially in countries that are heavy importers of petroleum.
“Some countries are having a budget surplus now because of low oil prices, and they're using that money to invest in new infrastructure,” they said. “For importing countries, it's a net positive. Because of the uncertainty with gas prices, we haven't seen any of our wind customers say, ‘Let's build a gas-fired plant instead.' ”
Runevad, who recently signed major deals to sell turbines to China and India, is confident that developing economies will ultimately choose renewables over cheap coal. India and China suffer from high levels of air pollution — mostly because of their heavy use of coal — which contributes to thousands of premature deaths annually.
“These countries need additional electricity,” they said, “but they're also seeing a good opportunity with wind to skip over a generation of technology
Oil and coal have never been cheaper, so economic theory would suggest that demand would rie, especially relative to alternative fuel sources whose efficacy is often still considered questionable.But that is not how the market is responding. Not only are major customers increasing their commitment to wind and solar power to the extent that installations should set records this year, but those ultimate bottom line oriented cynics, the Wall Street financial community, are increasing their investments as well.The reasons, as the following article explains, have something to do with improved technology, but much more to do with risk management and the chronic avoidance of uncertainty. Energy prices remain unpredictable so institutions are hedging their bets - often quite literally - in order to secure a more stable future supply of energy at attractive prices. There may also be a growing belief that the intersection of demand with financial incentives and cultural mores may finally signal a trend in this sector. JL
Historic Win for Internet Freedom in NH: Tor Node in Kilton Library Turned Back On
Last night was a great victory for internet freedom and anonymity, and once again showcases why New Hampshire is the right destination for the Free State Project. The Kilton Library of Lebanon decided to turn its first-in-the-nation Tor relay node back on!
Backstory: In June of this year, Kilton Library's Board of Trustees voted to install a Tor relay in their library, which runs on a GNU/Linux environment. Working with the Library Freedom Project, this small town library became the first in the country to allow a Tor relay to operate. In early August, the Department of Homeland Security's Internet Crimes Against Children contacted the Lebanon Police department, who in turn contacted the library to warn that Tor could potentially be used for nefarious purposes, including child pornography. The library's director decided to shut down the relay until the Board had a chance to weigh in.
Last night: The Board, after hearing from the community, let their June motion stand to implement Tor, and the node was switched back on moments after the meeting. The hearing was held in what appeared to be the Children's Reading room in the basement of the library, replete with fluffy stuff animals perched on a shelf above the board's heads. It was jam-packed, standing room only, with 50+ people ranging from several generations of computer geeks, to ruddy-faced, grey-haired librarians from Vermont who came out to support free speech.
A dozen or so TOR/open source supporters, pre-staters and early movers alike, held a rally beforehand, holding signs like: “We Support Our Library,” “1984 Was Not Supposed To Be An Instruction Manual,” “DHS Out of NH!” “Live free . . . or Tor. Free the Library,” “Big Brother is Watching You,” and “NH Tor DHS a New One.”
A group of free roaming pre-teens joined the fun, grabbing signs and chanting “Privacy Matters!” at cars driving by, but only after we discussed the issue with them: Imagine your mom could read your diary anytime they like, without telling you, and then use it against you later. Interestingly, the kids seemed genuinely surprised to learn their phones could be surveilled–“They can see what's on my phone!?! Wut? Really?“–apparently they thought it only related to desktop computers.
When Alison Macrina and Nima Fatemi from the Library Freedom Project arrived from Boston, both were been visibly moved and excited, and Alison declared: “This is the first pro-Tor protest in the world!”
Support was overwhelmingly in favor of turning the node back on. According to the library director, they received many emails: 14 from Lebanon residents (13 for Tor, 1 against) and 75 others (74 for, 1 against). I wrote one too, talking about how growing up in South Africa under apartheid and being subjected to state sanctioned censorship makes me skeptical of the DHS's position. Other than the deputy city manager and the deputy police chief of Lebanon, who said their position was simply about “making an informed decision,” and was not aimed at “pitting freedom of speech against law enforcement, or the city of Lebanon against the Department of Homeland Security,” not one person spoke against the Tor relay.
People who spoke in favor of this vital internet freedom tool included the NHCLU, the Dartmouth computer department, Jason Sorens, several early movers, and a former social worker from Columbia who became quite emotional, saying they wished, “Tor had been available in my home country 15 years ago.” They said the library's support for freedom of speech, “Made me proud to be here.”
Jason Sorens and others mentioned that shutting down this historic project now would create a chilling effect and set a terrible precedent for the future. Alison Macrina said due to the press this matter has received, several other libraries are interested in participating in the program. Viva!
Afterwards, we headed to Salt Hill for drinks and dinner. The air was alive with camaraderie and that sense of accomplishment you get from doing something important, and seeing immediate, positive results. Yesterday was a historic day for internet freedom and privacy, and Lebanon, NH, was the location for the first pro-Tor protest in the world (thanks to all who came!). For me, it was just what the doctor ordered: A shot in the arm for liberty!
More info:
An earlier version of this article incorrectly stated it was an Tor exit relay node. This has been corrected.
As I was saying, the thing I love most about America is that there's always somebody here who doesn't get the word — and they go out and do the right thing or invent the new thing, no matter what's going on politically or economically. And what could save America's energy future — at a time when a fraudulent, anti-science campaign funded largely by Big Oil and Big Coal has blocked Congress from passing any clean energy/climate bill — is the fact that the Navy and Marine Corps just didn't get the word.
God bless them: “The Few. The Proud. The Green.” Semper Fi.
Spearheaded by Ray Mabus, President Obama's secretary of the Navy and the former U.S. ambassador to Saudi Arabia, the Navy and Marines are building a strategy for “out-greening” Al Qaeda, “out-greening” the Taliban and “out-greening” the world's petro-dictators. Their efforts are based in part on a recent study from 2007 data that found that the U.S. military loses one person, killed or wounded, for every 24 fuel convoys it runs in Afghanistan. Today, there are hundreds and hundreds of these convoys needed to truck fuel — to run air-conditioners and power diesel generators — to remote bases all over Afghanistan.
Mabus's argument is that if the U.S. Navy and Marines could replace those generators with renewable power and more energy efficient buildings, and run its ships on nuclear energy, biofuels and hybrid engines, and fly its jets with bio-fuels, then it could out-green the Taliban — the best way to avoid a roadside bomb is to not have vehicles on the roads — and out-green all the petro-dictators now telling the world what to do.
Unlike the Congress, which can be bought off by Big Oil and Big Coal, it is not so easy to tell the Marines that they can't buy the solar power that could save lives. I don't know what the final outcome in Iraq or Afghanistan will be, but if we come out of these two wars with a Pentagon-led green revolution, I know they won't be a total loss. Wars that were driven partly by our oil addiction end up forcing us to break our oil addiction? Wouldn't that be interesting?
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Jackalyne Pfannenstiel, the assistant secretary of the Navy for energy, installations and environment, used to lead the California Energy Commission. They listed for me what's going on:
On April 22, Earth Day, the Navy flew a F/A-18 Super Hornet fighter jet powered by a 50-50 blend of conventional jet fuel and camelina aviation biofuel made from pressed mustard seeds. It flew at Mach 1.2 and has since been tested on biofuels at Mach 1.7 — without a hiccup. I loved the quote in Biofuels Digest from Scott Johnson, general manager of Sustainable Oils, which produced the camelina: “It was awesome to watch camelina biofuel break the sound barrier.”
Photo
The Navy will use only “third generation” biofuels. That means no ethanol made from corn because it doesn't have enough energy density. The Navy is only testing fuels like camelina and algae that do not compete with food, that have a total end-to-end carbon footprint cleaner than fossil fuels and that can be grown in ways that will ultimately be cheaper than fossil fuels.
UPDATE: Today it was announced via Gameranger, they would be hosting and running: Halo: Combat Evolved, Halo: Combat Evolved Demo and Halo: Custom Edition. You can now rejoice Halo PC fans!
Starting on May 31st, 2014 – Gamespy will close down all services for games still using it. Sadly for us Halo fans, this includes Halo: Combat Evolved on the PC.
“Effective May 31, 2014, GameSpy will cease providing all hosted services for all games still using GameSpy.
If you have any questions about how this impacts your favorite title please contact the game's publisher for more information.”
Gamespy has been gradually phasing out support over the past few months. Back in January, Gamespy ceased to make its software available for licensing.
So what does this mean for those dedicated fans still playing Halo: Combat Evolved on the PC? Starting May 31st, you won't be able to play the multiplayer anymore.
This still leaves the question. Will Halo: Combat Evolved manage to find itself on Steam with Steamworks support before or after the cut off date? It would make sense considering Halo CE, Halo 2 and Halo 3 all showed up on the Steam registry last year.
With news of Halo 2's Vista future still unknown, it is possible that some sort of announcement will be made within the coming months for the original Halo trilogy to appear on Steam.
What are your thoughts on this? Let us know on our forums.
Source: Gamespy
National Review's barrage against Donald Trump won't make much difference in the race, but clarifies nonetheless. In an editorial and 22 signed contributions, the magazine urges conservatives to reject Trump. Ninety percent of those likely to be influenced by National Review (a small, but not negligible number in a GOP primary) would have come to that conclusion without any help: Trump is not and never has been an establishment conservative, and other perfectly capable candidates are filling that niche. Nonetheless, NR‘s “Against Trump” campaign reveals much about the magazine and the current state of the conservative movement.
National Review has a a history, and not entirely a dismal one, of efforts to exclude people from the ranks of respectable conservatism. In the 1950s, it hardly helped conservatism of any stripe to have the John Birch Society proclaiming that Eisenhower and their brother were witting communist agents: it simply made the Right seem kooky and stupid. Buckley's dismissal of the group was prudent. But subsequent purges targeted not kooks, but ideological opponents, especially after the end of the Cold War. Twenty years ago National Review sought to damage Pat Buchanan's presidential bid by publishing various polemics and jointly signed statements against him. Buchanan was vulnerable because part of their appeal was as a loyal Republican who had spent many years at Nixon's and Reagan's side, before they began to challenge the GOP consensus.
In Buchanan's case, the actual reasons for opposing them were seldom the stated ones. Their greatest sin against the establishment right was that they opposed the first Iraq war, and made an enemy of the neoconservatives who had become an increasingly dominant part of the conservative coalition. Seven years later, NR struck again, with a 2003 cover story denouncing as “unpatriotic” those conservatives who were trying to warn against the folly of the second Iraq war. The attack, published under magazine's current editor Rich Lowry, was hardly damaging to the individuals targeted, but did reveal that support for wars in the Mideast had become the only true litmus test for the establishment Right.
NR‘s Trump attacks cover the spectrum: Trump is both too much to the left, and too much to the right. Trump is a two bit Caesar, they are racist, they are liberal, they once supported abortion, they supported the TARP bailouts, they are not a real conservative. In so many words, they are not one of us.
Advertisement
But of course anyone gives Trump a look knew that already. Their differences from establishment conservatism are part of their appeal. To understand that, it helps to consider what “really existing conservatism” has has meant to Americans over the past generation. The blunt truth is that the most important “conservative” project in recent memory was the Iraq war, which cost trillions, wrecked the lives of hundreds of thousands of Americans and set the Middle East aflame for what will probably be a generation. Programmatically, the war was the project of a Republican president and their administration. It was backed enthusiastically by National Review (see “Unpatriotic Conservatives,” linked above), but had its intellectual origins in the world of neoconservatism. Not coincidentally, Bill Kristol and John Podhoretz, editors of magazines which were agitating for war against Iraq long before 9/11, are probably the best known among NR‘s slate of Trump denouncers. In other words, as the United States still grapples with the chaotic aftermath of that Iraq invasion, NR and the rest of Conservatism Inc. unleash a verbal torrent claiming that Donald Trump is a threat to those concepts—“small government,” “the permanent things”—which true conservatives supposedly hold dear. It's almost comical.
But in ways realms different from those considered by National Review and the Beltway right-wingers, Donald Trump is a kind of conservative. In their speeches, they have tried to fill out their “Make America Great Again” slogan with some notion of what kind of society they are trying to conserve, or restore. They have talked—not very politely, but probably in the only way possible to get people to listen—about ending illegal immigration and limiting legal immigration. This is of course critical if the United States is to remain the country which it has always been, one with relatively open spaces and relatively high wages. They speak about stopping the hemorrhage of American manufacturing jobs to China and elsewhere. Would they succeed? It's not clear—it would certainly be difficult. But nations before have tried, and succeeded, to protect their manufacturers, and the jobs and relative social stability that go along with them. For National Review however, such policies simply are not “conservative”—and the editors mock Trump for their “threats to retaliate against companies that do too much manufacturing overseas for their taste.”
The society that Trump has in mind when they speak of restoring America's greatness is probably something like the America of the Eisenhower administration. Ike was reelected by a landslide when Donald J. Trump was ten years old. They carried New York state by 22 percent. Of course Eisenhower isn't any sort of model for most in the conservative movement. The National Review of William F. Buckley's era thought Ike's administration stultifying. Conservative intellectuals railed against Ike's readiness to accommodate itself to New Deal social legislation and their refusal to risk war by trying to liberate Eastern Europe. Eisenhower's rule convinced Buckley's friend Whittaker Chambers, for one, that capitalism was the losing side.
But a certain style of main street conservatism did thrive during the Eisenhower era. It was not revolutionary, did not look towards unleashing “democratic revolutions” in distant regions, or unraveling the regulatory chains on finance capitalism. It was devoted to bettering the lives of average Americans and practicing a strategy of containment in the Cold War. Public infrastructure was built. Industry expanded, wages grew. Married couples raised big families. Illegal aliens were deported. It was not the conservatism of the Kristols or Podhoretzes—Ike didn't start any big wars in the Mideast or elsewhere and indeed backed the UN consensus by forcing Israel to cough up its 1956 conquests in the Sinai. Nor of the Cato Institute—taxes on the rich were high, and the government spent a lot of money on public works useful to all.
For most Americans, this was a good thing—society was basically stable, supposedly a conservative virtue. Trump certainly holds no briefs for the residual segregation of that era: if press accounts are to be believed, their taste for glamor and celebrity have led them to a more racially diverse personal life than any other candidate running. But there are plenty of signs they aspire to be a sort of Eisenhower for their time, more solicitous of middle America than of Wall Street, more concerned about American living standards than an ambitious ideological remake of the world. Asked at a New Hampshire town hall about how they would “restore stability” to the Mideast after defeating ISIS, they demurred. “Our bridges, our infrastructure are falling apart,” they answered.
It is likely that this take-care-of-Americans-first attitude is the true source of National Review's hostility to Trump. Chris Matthews raised this point in a provocative interview on Hardball: what they really hate about Trump is not their bombast, but their opposition to the Iraq war, and the idea that they would take the Republican Party off the militaristic intervention track. That they would, in other words, take the GOP back to Eisenhower's time. Matthews recalled from experience (not their own) that coordinated multi-signature attack is a tell-tale neocon tactic, used to try to push George W. Bush into making war against Iraq, before that used to depict Pat Buchanan as beyond the pale.
This is not to say that there are not legitimate questions about Trump's temperament, their ability to function as America's chief executive, or their suitability as any kind of personal role model to the nation. There are. Valid points are raised by some of the National Review contributors. Many others—including people fairly well disposed towards Trump's candidacy—are asking them as well. But perhaps members of the “mainstream establishment conservatism” as represented by National Review are not the best people to raise them.
Scott McConnell is a founding editor of The American Conservative.
Britain's Deadly Energy Madness: Number Of Winter Deaths Among Elderly Britons Rises By 40%
Pensioner groups are demanding urgent measures to cut the cost of heat and light after official figures revealed a surge in deaths last winter. There were some 34,300 so-called ‘excess' deaths during the cold months, according to new figures from the Office of National Statistics (ONS).
The figure equates to 11 pensioners dying every hour and represents a rise of 39.5 per cent – 9,720 – on the year before.
Campaigners are calling for energy companies to slash winter bills to ensure pensioners can afford to keep warm this winter
Many of these relate to health conditions made worse by cold temperatures, such as respiratory diseases.
The total number of excess deaths of 34,300 relates to England and Wales and was the second highest in the past five years. It appears to be had been fuelled by a rise in flu infections.
The figure was a higher 43,850, in 2014/15 when the country was hit by a particularly virulent form of flu.
The ONS figures relate to the number of additional deaths between December and March compared to the average per month for the rest of the year. […]
Research by the price comparison website, Energyhelpine, claims that UK families are now paying the highest energy prices in history – 33per cent higher than six years ago.
Co-founder, Mark Todd, said: ‘With real wages falling, the decision whether to heat or eat is back on the table for at least a million families.'
BY:
JERUSALEM—The recent Gaza War has proven the impossibility of a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian problem, Israeli Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon declared this week.
Ya'alon, the most powerful minister in the Cabinet after Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, was departing from the two-state formula Netanyahu endorsed five years ago and which has become a touchstone in the international dialogue on the Middle East, particularly in Washington.
Following the 51-day war in Gaza, the notion of an independent Palestinian state existing alongside Israel has become absurd, the minister told a security conference this week at a Tel Aviv think tank, the Institute for National Security Studies.
Israeli security forces must remain a permanent presence on the West Bank, they said, if the area is not to be turned into a platform for rockets and mortars fired into Israel, like the Gaza Strip. Last month, militants fired thousands of rockets and shells from Gaza into Israel. Unlike Gaza, remotely located in the south, the West Bank lies opposite the central part of Israel.
"In this situation, can one even consider restricting the freedom of action of the defense forces in (the West Bank)?" they asked. "How can one rationally reach this conclusion?"
They said that between May and July, security forces operating in the West Bank took into custody more than 90 Hamas operatives who were planning both to attack Israel and overthrow the more moderate Palestinian Authority.
If Israel withdraws from the West Bank, the minister said, it would become a "Hamastan" whose mortars could easily reach Israel's international airport outside Tel Aviv as well as military bases. Although Israel's Iron Dome anti-rocket system succeeded in downing the bulk of rockets headed for built-up areas, there is as yet no system for intercepting mortar shells.
If Israel leaves the West Bank, Ya'alon warned, it would be used, as in Gaza, by global jihad organizations, which would pose a threat not only to Israel but also to neighboring Jordan. "Could it [Jordan] survive that?" they asked.
For the first time since Netanyahu publicly adopted the two-state formula, they did not raise it at the United Nations General Assembly this week as a hoped-for eventuality as they have in previous years. Instead, they called for a fresh approach to peace—"new directions"—involving moderate Arab states. However, in their meeting with President Obama in the White House the next day they did reiterate the two-state formula in the presence of reporters, but they added that given the ongoing turmoil in the Middle East the Palestinian question "is not the main issue anymore. It's secondary."
Ya'alon, in their talk this week, said that Israel's ability to continue to function almost normally during the war demonstrated its strength and increased its strategic deterrence. For a long time, they said, Israel's reluctance to respond forcefully to provocation had projected weakness and had earned from Hezbollah leader Hassan Nassrallah the disparaging comparison to a spider web that could easily be swept away.
In the Gaza war, they said, Israel showed that it could go through a protracted assault with relative equanimity. Ten minutes after sirens sounded, residents had resumed their lives and drastic damage to the economy was avoided, they said. "We were dragged into this war and we did not break. Yes, 51 days, 4,500 rockets and mortars, but in the end, as a society, we projected strength." In the end, it was Hamas that accepted Israel's terms for the ceasefire, they added.
Before launching the next North American leg of their Not in This Lifetime tour, Guns N' Roses will play a special invitation-only show at New York's famed Apollo Theater.
The Apollo concert, scheduled for July 20, is being hosted in conjunction with digital radio service SiriusXM. Subscribers will have a chance to hear the performance via the upcoming limited-run "Guns N' Roses Radio" station that's being added to the lineup July 13, as well as on Howard Stern's Howard 101 channel. Stern announced the concert on their June 21 broadcast.
"Guns N' Roses started off in Los Angeles in 1985 and went on to conquer the world with its swaggering, unrepentant, rebel rock and roll, and we are thrilled to have them perform this exclusive show for SiriusXM at the world famous Apollo Theater," said SiriusXM president Scott Greenstein. "Our subscribers will get a once in a lifetime experience, seeing the ultimate rock 'n' roll band live before the next leg of their national tour kicks off."
SiriusXM is also hosting a contest for fans hoping to attend the Apollo show, with one grand prize winner being offered an all-expenses-paid trip and front row tickets — as well as tickets and travel to another show on the Not in This Lifetime tour. You can enter that contest on Sirius' website .
As Variety notes, the Apollo show — which marks Guns N' Roses' first appearance at the venue — has been booked for the day before the band's hit Appetite for Destruction LP marks its 30th anniversary. It'd certainly be a nice night for a full album performance, in other words — but given the group's penchant for secrecy, we'll probably just have to wait and see.
Browns quarterback Brian Hoyer talks about starting for their hometown team, hating the Steelers much more than the Ravens and the quarterback competition between themselves and Johnny Manziel. (3:29)
As Johnny Manziel signed big marketing deals with the likes of Nike, Nissan, MusclePharm and Panini, Brian Hoyer was quietly winning the starting quarterback job for the Cleveland Browns with little interest from corporate America.
Now, one restaurant chain that signed Hoyer in the spring is reaping the benefits of picking the man who eventually won the job.
As part of Brian Hoyer's endorsement deal with Mr. Hero, an Ohio-based chain, the Browns' starter can get about as many sandwiches as they can eat. Courtesy of All Media Design Group
Mr. Hero, which has 95 stores (all in Ohio), signed Hoyer in the spring; the chain filmed TV and radio spots and allotted marketing dollars for billboards and buses wrapped with their image.
"We didn't quite anticipate that they'd draft Johnny, so we were sweating a little bit," said Dan Traci, owner of All Media Design Group, an ad firm that has the Mr. Hero account and advocated picking Hoyer as spokesperson.
As Hoyer and Manziel battled for the job, Manziel vaulted to the best-selling jersey in the league, while Hoyer's jersey, at one point, wasn't even available on the Browns' website.
Hoyer wasn't exactly a slam dunk pick. After spending years as a backup, they tore an ACL last year, and then the Browns selected Manziel with the 22nd pick in this year's draft. Hoyer celebrated their 29th birthday on Sunday with a 31-10 victory over the Pittsburgh Steelers, the team's largest margin of victory over its rival in 25 years and Hoyer's sixth victory in eight games as the team's starter.
"Let's just say, as Brian and the Browns continue to do well, the deal gets better for us and perhaps less so for him," Traci said.
Traci wouldn't divulge specifics of Mr. Hero's deal with Hoyer other than to say it's for less than six figures annually, comes with incentives based on on-field performance and accolades and, if Hoyer turns into a real star, allows Mr. Hero the option to retain Hoyer for next year at the terms already agreed to.
Hoyer, who will be making a 1½-hour autograph appearance at one of Mr. Hero's stores next Tuesday, also gets plenty of free food in the deal.
"We gave them some gift cards with this deal," Traci said. "And let's put it this way: They could eat Mr. Hero every day of the season and would still have money left on those cards."
Hoyer's agent, Joe Linta, told ESPN.com that pitching their client to companies before the season wasn't the easiest job. One company they approached said to call back when he's named the starter.
Hoyer, who has 77,000 Twitter followers, has tweeted only four times this season. Three have been apparent endorsement deals. One for Mr. Hero, another for a bed brand called Reverie and another for Distillata, a Cleveland-based spring water company.
News International's hacking saga continues to throw curve balls.
Speaking on Sirius XM's Media Matters Radio show, Guardian writer and press critic Roy Greenslade alleged the Murdoch-led company had been spying on British MPs who were investigating the conduct of the paper in this summer's "hackgate" scanda l.
Here's the full exchange with host Ari Rabin-Havt (with added emphasis), via Media Matters:
ARI RABIN-HAVT (co-host): Roy, do you think that News Corp. is a criminal enterprise. To be pointed about it.
GREENSLADE: I think, you know, in truth, it would be way over the top for me to say that. And I was equally distressed that Tom Watson had referred to the Mafia. But, you know, one can understand why they did, for goodness' sake. When we talk about omerta, we talk about a code of silence. Well, for several years, News International, which is the U.K. division of News Corporation, has maintained a code of silence. They have lied, they have deceived, and they have briefed private eyes to follow people. And in Tom Watson's case, you can understand why they were incredibly angry to find that he's been under secret surveillance for several occasions.
And I can add a little to what Steven said, because I do have a source who was in The News of the World, the newspaper that was closed after this debacle. And they tell me that for three days, only six, seven months ago, every single member of the parliamentary committee investigating this matter were followed by private eyes and/or members of staff of the newspaper. And only after some of the staff protested that they didn't want to do it did the -- were they called off.
Now, that goes even beyond what we've previously heard. And I've only just been told this in the last 24 hours, so your audience is getting a scoop here.
RABIN-HAVT: So, are we breaking a little news here?
GREENSLADE: You are breaking a story. I wish I could name the source, but, of course, I have it confidentially.
Here's the audio:
Scottish Labour are fighting back against an SNP majority by being bolder and going further than the status quo. Yet Kezia Dugdale has a hard time tackling the perception Labour is an offshoot of a Tory Government in England – an image pushed by Nicola Sturgeon in last night's STV debate.
Dugdale, the Scottish Labour leader, took a twin approach of fighting the SNP on their timidity, or even hypocrisy, for demanding new powers for the Scottish Parliament – and then failing to use them. Scottish Labour has pledged to introduce a 50p top rate of tax but Nicola Sturgeon has repeatedly refused to fully support such a policy.
When Dugdale was confronted by Ruth Davidson they attacked the leader of the Scottish Conservatives for planning “stealth taxes”. The Tories are in favour of introducing prescription charges and university fees – an approach they argue will cost more for those who can afford to pay while raising revenue for other public services.
Dugdale's approach is to cultivate an image of opposition to Conservative austerity – and going further than the SNP in doing so. Yet the perception of Labour as being part of a Westminster crowd will be hard to shake. Labour will have a tough time separating themselves from a perception of being Tory-lite – Davidson said they would be proud to stand with Labour once more to campaign against independence, and Sturgeon attacked, claiming Labour had condemned Scots to another Conservative Government for which they did not vote.
Dugdale had a hard time when Sturgeon asked them to apologise for their role in the referendum, with the 34-year-old saying they would be proud to vote no again. When Britain will be set for at least another four years of Conservative austerity, Dugdale is going to have a hard time convincing people that Labour, regardless of whether or not the country wants another referendum.
In fact, that constitutional question loomed large over the debate. The SNP leader was attacked by their rivals for wanting to re-run the referendum. They had a hard time defending their previous claim the referendum was a “once in a generation” decision – only to then say they would want another in as little as two years. It is, however, a referendum Sturgeon sounds confident they will win. This argument generated one of the biggest rounds of applause when Davidson attacked Sturgeon for asking for independence over and over again until they got the answer they wanted.
Voting intentions for the Scottish Parliament throughout February suggest Labour on course to lose 1/3 of its seats pic.twitter.com/wE5HvHVrbe — Britain Elects (@britainelects) March 3, 2016
The differences between this debate and those in the General Election were striking. An image of three female party leaders – compared with the all-male line-up of David Cameron, Ed Miliband and Nick Clegg for the three main parties in one of last year's televised jousts – gave the debate a different feel.
The range of issues highlighted by the Scottish audience contrasted with those we would expect in a general election. Immigration did not get a mention but a strongly anti-Trident question did come up.
The SNP's record on education, in particular on schools, allowed Dugdale to go on the offensive, along with Scottish Lib Dem leader Willie Rennie. Dugdale argued that the increase in taxes would give more money to schools, while Rennie outlined how under the SNP Scotland has dropped from having one of the best education systems in the world to one that is simply average.
While social issues of healthcare, education and disability arose, it is Scotland's identity in the face of new parliamentary powers that hung over the party leaders. Scotland's new powers are unprecedented, making the stakes of this debate much higher in the eyes of its audience.
According to several opinion polls, Scottish Labour stands to lose a third of its seats in May, with the SNP projected to win three seats and the Conservatives and Greens also expected to make gains. The impact of the Tories' catastrophic Budget is yet to be seen but, when set against Sturgeon's attack line that Labour fought to keep Scotland as part of Tory Britain, it presents a challenge for Dugdale to capitalise on the disarray of the Westminster Government.
Dugdale's strategy is to place Labour as a party of change – being bolder than the SNP – without going so far as to back Scottish independence. She's got a tough fight ahead of them
Everyone's got such great lists. Here is mine. They pretty much all relate to the fact that so many people are crammed into such a tiny space.
Don't stop in doorways, bottom or top of stairs or escalators. Go through and if you need to look around or root around in your bag or whatever, step aside .
. If you're in a busy place, be prepared! If you're going through the Union Square station during rush hour, for goodness sake, have your MetroCard in your hand and ready to swipe.
Tables at restaurants are ridiculously close together. If it's a quiet place, then speak quietly. The whole restaurant doesn't need to hear you tell your friend about your process for picking out new window tapestries.
Cover your mouth and nose when you cough or sneeze! There's almost always someone in front of you.
Manspreading is evil. Don't do it. If you do, I hope someone kicks you in the nuts.
is evil. Don't do it. If you do, I hope someone kicks you in the nuts. Look where you walk. Seriously. Don't look behind you, down at your phone, or even to gaze lovingly at your date. You're in NYC baby! Someone is using gazelle-like timing so they don't ram into you. Not looking equals a pedestrian crash.
Be helpful and courteous when you can. If you see a woman with a kid and stroller and you have an extra hand, offer to help them bring it up or down the subway steps. Offer your subway seat to an elderly person or pregnant woman or person with kids. Don't be an ass.
Be respectful of celebrities. One easy way to tell a New Yorker from a tourist is how they react when they run into a celeb. New Yorker will smile, maybe a slight head nod, that's it. New Yorker sees them at a restaurant and keeps eating. Tourists ask for pictures, autographs, etc. If you have to bother them, do so politely. Remember, they don't owe you anything and they're not zoo animals.
Lines are sacred. If you cut, the best case, you'll get a tongue lashing from multiple people. Worst case, the biggest guy in the line will physically assist you to your proper place in line.
Good luck!
Image caption Good exam results meant celebrations for many
A-level passes have risen for the 29th year in a row as teenagers face an intense battle for university places.
Those who miss out on a place this year could face tuition fees of up to £9,000 a year.
Many did not know for hours whether they had a place, after problems on a key university admissions website.
Hundreds of thousands of teenagers in England, Wales and Northern Ireland have received the results of their A- and AS-levels.
The overall pass rate is up slightly, but for the first time in 14 years there has been no increase in the total proportion getting A or A* grades.
Just over 27% of entries scored these grades, with a small rise in the proportion awarded A*.
Website anger
The Ucas Track website, where teenagers find out whether they have got their university places, was taken down for several hours, after the system could not cope with the number of people logging on.
Students vented their anger on Twitter, other social networking sites - and to the BBC.
Ucas has apologised, saying the number of people of logging on had been four-times higher than at the same time last year. It now says the service has been fully restored.
Data it released on Thursday afternoon show the number of students who had logged in to the Track system by lunchtime was vastly down on what it was this time last year (461,000 opposed to 1.2 million).
Earlier, one parent, who is also a secondary school head teacher, told the BBC News website: "My son is waiting to find out if they have been accepted at their first-choice university. The Ucas website has been down... My son is therefore trying to ring the admissions tutor but of course the switchboard is jammed.
"There are students, parents and schools all over the country who are now having to deal with the difficulty and frustration of a failed ICT system. This should be a simple and efficient process which has instead caused problems for thousands of people."
Alice Brien, from Huntingdon, said: "I have just got my results and didn't get the grades required.
"I'm still unable to log on to Ucas. I've been trying to phone university phone numbers and they are continually engaged. It has just been chaos."
From 2012, many UK students will face tuition fees up to a maximum of £9,000 a year at English universities, compared with the present level of just over £3,000 a year.
I hope these pictures are broadcast worldwide because these represent the true picture of British youth." Nick Gibb , Schools Minister
In Scotland and Wales, fees will be imposed or raised for students from other parts of the UK, but not for "home" students. Scottish students will continue to pay no fees and Welsh students will be subsidised wherever they study in the UK.
Northern Ireland's universities will not raise their fees next year.
Science boost
Overall, the A-level pass rate rose slightly from 97.6% to 97.8%.
The results show boys have closed the gap with girls at the very top grade of A* and that more teenagers are opting to do science and maths.
Entries for maths (and further maths) rose by 7.4%, while there were also increases for biology (7.2%), chemistry (9.2%) and physics (6.1%).
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Shadow education secretary Andy Burnham said it was now time to 'raise the status of the non-university route'.
But fewer teenagers are opting to take traditional modern languages at A-level - a trend which has been seen for many years.
Entries for French and German fell again - this year by 4.7% and 6.9% respectively.
With applications at record levels and a drop in the number of teenagers taking a gap year, universities have been raising their entry requirements.
The government says 15 of England's universities now want applicants to have at least one A* grade.
'True picture'
The new top grade was brought in last year, together with changes designed to make the A-level more challenging to bright students.
This year A* was awarded to 8.2% of entries - up from 8.1% last year.
But the proportion of entries getting either an A* or an A stayed unchanged at 27%.
Schools Minister Nick Gibb praised teenagers for their hard work, and said they showed the true picture of "British youth".
"We should congratulate the quarter of a million young people who have succeeded in getting an A-level grade or more than one A-level grade," they said.
"It's a real contrast to appalling films we saw of a tiny minority of young people causing mayhem in our cities. I hope these pictures [of A-level students] are broadcast worldwide because these represent the true picture of British youth."
In the UK as a whole, just over three-quarters of A-level exam entries were awarded at least a C grade - with 27% scoring an A or A*.
Results were highest again in Northern Ireland, where 34.5% of entries were given an A or A*. In England, 26.8% made that grade and in Wales, the figure was 23.9%.
Pressure on places
So far, there have been just over 673,000 applications for undergraduate places in the UK.
Last year, there were places for 487,000 people.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption David Cameron: "There are a record number of university places available this year"
Ucas says nearly 190,000 applicants are eligible for clearing - often because they have not got the grades they needed - including students from overseas.
That is nearly 5,000 more than this time last year.
Ucas says there are 29,400 courses with places available at the moment - a drop from 33,105 last year.
Last year, 47,000 students found places through clearing.
Applications to UK universities are at a record high, after several years of steady increase.
Last year, they rose by 12%. This year applications rose by 1.3%.
At the same time, the number of candidates taking a gap year - deferring for 12 months - has fallen by 40% to 30,000.
More changes ahead
Education Secretary Michael Gove has ordered a review of A-levels to see how they compare with exam systems in other countries.
They have also said they want more emphasis on a final exam which stretches candidates' capacity for original thought.
Recent changes to the A-level - brought in at the same time as the A* grade - involved the introduction of questions designed to stretch the brightest students and the cutting of the number of modules or sections of an A-level from six to four.
About 160,000 teenagers in Scotland got the results of their Highers and Advanced Highers earlier this month.
The pass rate for the Higher was 75.2%, an increase of 0.5% on the previous year, while the figure for Advanced Highers was 79.3%, up 1.8%.
Residents of the Austrian village Fucking will vote later this week on changing its name.
Locals, or Fuckingers as they are known, say they are sick of visitors stealing signs.
Franz Meindl, the mayor of the Tarsdorf municipality, said they had tried everything to keep the signs from going AWOL, “including concrete blocks and special screws.”
Some residents have resorted to adopting ithe 16th century spelling of Fugging to ward off pranksters, but alas to no avail.
Amused tourists continue to descend on the hamlet to take some hilarious holiday snaps.
“They hang on the sign, take photos, some even take their clothes off. For us, it's just the village's name. Fucking and that's it,” said housewife Hilda Galuselder.
The village close to the border with Germany gets its name from a 6th century Bavarian nobleman, Focko.
It became infamous after World War Two when it was a popular detour for off-duty British and American servicemen, who were based in nearby Salzburg.
If you've pre-ordered WildStar, the highly anticipated MMO from Carbine Studios, you'll be resting your feet in your exclusive Rocket House on planet Nexus soon enough. If you're heading to PAX East, you'll have a chance to see said Rocket House in the flesh made of 50,000 Legos! Throughout the show, Lego artist Mariann Asanuma will be building a replica Rocket House made of Legos standing nearly three feet tall and four feet long in the PAX East show lobby. The completed sculpture will be donated to Child's Play, a game industry charity dedicated to improving the lives of children with toys and games in its network of 70 hospitals worldwide, along with a $10,000 donation.
A miniature version of the Lego Rocket House will be given away to one lucky fan who pre-orders WildStar at the WildStar booth (#562) during the show.
The Rocket House will be on display from Friday, April 11 through Sunday, April 13 during show hours in the Main Lobby of the Boston Convention and Exhibit Center.
Mariann Asanuma found their fascination with LEGO at an early age when they received their first set at the age of six. In early 2007, Mariann became the world's first female freelance LEGO Artist and LEGO instruction author. Them first book “How to Build a Round Ball with Square Bricks!” explains the techniques and theory of how a Master Model Designer creates a LEGO ball. Them second book “Beyond the Ball” shows how to add color and design to your LEGO creations. Them impressive portfolio, including work for Google, McDonald's and the LEGO Batman Video Game, can be found here.
The job cuts, which include the TV station's investigative reporting team, are believed to part of layoffs that KOMO's owner, Sinclair Broadcasting Group, is instituting at its stations.
KOMO has cut several positions in Seattle, including its investigative reporting team, according to several sources who asked not to be identified because of their affiliations with the network.
KOMO's parent company confirmed the cuts, saying that 10 positions were eliminated, including three in the newsroom.
The cuts were announced to the newsroom Wednesday morning. The TV station's Problem Solvers investigative team, which includes well-known reporters Jon Humbert and Tracy Vedder, was dissolved.
Humbert, Vedder and producer Kelly Just are being laid off, and Michelle Esteban will become a general assignment reporter, two sources said.
“I feel like we are being bled,” a KOMO staffer said Wednesday. Other sources confirmed the reports.
KOMO's parent company, Cockeysville, Md.-based Sinclair Broadcast Group, confirmed the cuts Thursday, adding that it is cutting 54 positions across the country. The company has more than 4,000 employees total in the U.S.
Scott Livingston, Sinclair's vice president of news, said Sinclair is still hiring for more than 600 open positions.
“It's certainly a difficult situation and it is necessary from time to time to restructure some aspects of news operations and station operations,” they said.
In a now deleted tweet, a KOMO staffer wrote Wednesday that the news director was announcing job cuts in the newsroom. Another staffer responded to tweets, saying, “We are losing some of our strongest staff.”
KOMO, an ABC affiliate, laid off nearly 20 people in 2013, though Sinclair never confirmed the cuts. Sinclair, which owns or operates 173 stations around the country, bought KOMO parent Fisher Communications that year.
Local KOMO management “has been supportive, caring and helpful toward the next steps for us all,” one employee whose job was eliminated said Thursday.
The reductions come at a time in which financial pressures are leading to widespread layoffs and uncertainty at media companies nationally and locally.
NBC News shut down its Seattle-based Breaking News startup, and The Seattle Globalist, a nonprofit news site, is working to raise money from subscribers after the University of Washington announced it would no longer fund the site. Northwest Cable News is scheduled to go dark at the end of this week. The Seattle Times said late last year it is planning newsroom cuts.
My arm feels like it's going to pull out the socket as they yank me up the creaky wooden steps after him. I press three careful fingers to my quivering lips before a violent giggle can burst out, and they just grins at me, kicking open the back door and keeping me close the whole while. They run their lips up and down my neck and I feel a quick insect-running-over-your-skin shiver jolt through my whole body. We both kiss and push our way to their bedroom, our hands tangling up in each other, stumbling over the four-feet-and-eight-limbs we have between us. Keeping their eyes trained on mine, they distractedly fumble behind them and the lights snap off. And suddenly it's four minutes later, and my white v neck is on the floor next to their clunky Rolex and Levi jeans and I don't even know what to say, I'm not even sure if my brain can comprehend the English language anymore. Their fingers are snaking their way up my arms and they smile their assured smile.
-
There's this paper wall-hanging of a gnarled tree on their north-facing wall, and while they trail open mouthed kisses down my stomach, I can't help but think about it. It's really quite beautiful...grey cross-hatches painted through the trunk, and a hint of yellow through the leaves...like a sunrise-that-almost-was but didn't quite believe enough. And I think of how I'm the only one who will know this painting, how I can never talk about those careful strokes with anyone else. And it makes me sad that this simple, primal beauty will go unnoticed.
I'm so scared to let this thing slip through my shaking fingers...I'm scared of him, and I'm scared of being the bad girl, and I'm scared because I've never done this before--the speeding across unfamiliar highways, the six minutes late to class, the sweaty palms and racing heart.
-
Suddenly I'm awakened from my reverie as I feel my eyes roll back in my head, the fingers of my right hand tangling among their crushed velvet bed covers and the fingers of my left amid their color-of-river-mud hair. The callous on their left heel grazes roughly up my calf, their dominating blue eyes are smirking at me, and I know they love this--he loves me.
It's this easy confidence they use...he knows I will always want to see him, they know I will always be delighted by their touch, and they know how much I care about them inside this dusty, old place I promised myself I wouldn't open up to anyone anymore. But it's too late, he's a permanent resident, and I can tell, just from that cocksure way they grin at me, that they know it.
-
So what about that sunlight-that-was-almost-not-sunlight peering through the leaves? Because that's the part where I'm not sad, where I'm glad that this beauty is reserved solely for me. There's this indescribable feeling where there are words, but there are no words...it's just--mine. It's all mine. And I don't ever have to share. I feel like tracking down this artist and demanding their secret--how they could take something normal and typical and turn it into such a beautiful atypical nothing. Because now I realize that there are no words...one would have to be a veritable Shakespeare to find the top and sides and bottom of this. Those leaves remind me of kisses...fluttering through windows and hovering above sidewalks, all around us, yet so young, so fast and short in existence.
-
There are leaves fluttering across my body, rubbing against my earlobes. Their eyes are laughing at my ecstasy, and I guess that it's this part--the part where surely I must get annoyed with him, surely I won't be able to stand their arrogance and this difficult situation another day longer. But soon my soft pink skirt is unzipped by large, careful hands and flung onto the cross-hatch carpet, and I realize...that part may never come, that part that I always assumed was just an obligatory part of relationships. That maybe this is it.
He's so difficult sometimes that I find it hard to breathe--he yells unexpectedly and sometimes they refuse to talk, and simply grasps my hand like its a grenade and he's a dying man that wants an easy way out. But when he's content, and those brown lashes flutter-like-feather-wings down on top of their pacific blue eyes, there are these footsteps, like those of a happy child, that run haphazardly across my heart, a wild thump-thumping that I thought only happened in fiction.
--
We're sitting at their kitchen table, our feet crossed left-left-right-right underneath and I can't stop tapping my fingers on the faux wood pattern. Their smile is simple for once, not like he's playing a game, and playing to win...and I can feel my heart settle into a less frantic pace. We're talking-but-talking-about-nothing, and I tell them that I really should go. Their hand grasps me by the upper arm and then it slides down my forearm and into my waiting fingers as they walk me to the door. We kiss goodbye, once, twice, five times. I turn to leave, and just as I'm about to go, a last-chance-impulse shocks me with surprise, and I quickly ask them where they got it, it's so beautiful. My finger leads the way through the open door of their bedroom to where the wall hanging stays.
I see a flash of something I have never seen before in their eyes. Almost bashful, they drop their head and buries their face against my neck, and I can feel the bridge of their nose rubbing against my skin. They kiss my collarbone, and it's an almost-there-whisper--"I made it".
Tax lawyers and accountants spend some of their time monitoring exposure, and so should you. Sometimes that means watching the calendar until you are clear of audit. Unless you skip filing taxes entirely, you might assume your risk of audit eventually dissipates.
The IRS normally gets three years to audit. Sometimes, say if you mess up with offshore account reporting, the IRS gets six. Having a foreign bank account and unreported income is tough to resolve. The safest approach is going into the IRS Offshore Voluntary Disclosure Program, although some clients opt for more aggressive approaches.
What many people find surprising is that having a company that holds a foreign account is even more sensitive. Yes, we're talking about controlled foreign corporations, also called CFCs. When a U.S. shareholder holds more than 50 percent of the vote or value of a foreign corporation, the company is a controlled foreign corporation or CFC. A U.S. shareholder is a U.S. person who owns 10 percent or more of the foreign corporation's total voting power.
That triggers reporting, including filing an annual IRS Form 5471. It is an understatement to say this is an important form. Failing to file it means penalties, generally $10,000 per form. A separate penalty can apply to each Form 5471 filed late, and to each Form 5471 that is incomplete or inaccurate.
What's more, this penalty can apply even if no tax is due on the return. That seems harsh, but the next rule—about the statute of limitations—is even more surprising. If you have a CFC but fail to file a required Form 5471, your tax return remains open for audit indefinitely. Normally, the statute expires after three or six years, depending on the issue and its magnitude.
This statutory override of the normal statute of limitations is sweeping. The IRS not only has an indefinite period to examine and assess taxes on items relating to the missing Form 5471. In fact, the IRS can make any adjustments to the entire tax return with no expiration until the required Form 5471 is filed. You might think of a Form 5471 like the signature on your return. Without it, it really isn't a return.
And don't assume that you have no issue if there is no CFC because U.S. shareholders don't own over 50%. In fact, Forms 5471 are not only required of U.S. shareholders in CFCs. They are also required when a U.S. shareholder acquires stock that results in 10 percent ownership in any foreign company.
The harsh statute of limitation rule for Form 5471 was the result of the HIRE Act passed March 18, 2010. Not coincidentally, this was the same law that brought us FATCA, the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act. Bottom line: be careful with CFCs and with Form 5471. The possibility that a statute will remain open can ruin more than your day.
This problem is commonly paired with other failings, such as the filing of foreign bank account forms known as FBARs. That means the potential for large civil penalties and perhaps even criminal liability can be palpable.
You can reach me at Wood@WoodLLP.com. This discussion is not intended as legal advice, and cannot be relied upon for any purpose without the services of a qualified professional.
Why are "women of a certain age" having a cultural moment? Maybe because they've survived all the bullshit.
Writes Michael Quintanilla of the Houston Chronicle, "From the small screen to the silver, on stage and magazine covers, in books and crooning on CDs, Hollywood's women of a certain age - or agelessness - are proving they are as relevant and more popular than ever." Their examples: "Betty White, 88; Joan Rivers, 77; Doris Day, 88; Elizabeth Taylor, 78; Liza Minnelli, 65; Cher, 64 and Raquel Welch who turns 70 in a few weeks." Quintanilla quotes Welch, who explains their fame thus:
In my youth I felt more like a sex symbol. But as I celebrate my 70th, it's really my life experiences that have made me a more interesting person to myself and hopefully to my fans. It also counts that I'm very resilient and love to work.
Resilience does seem to be a common feature of the women Quintanilla lists — Rivers, Taylor, and Minnelli, at least, have been through some shit (and in some cases started it). Of course, the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune don't strike women alone, but for a glimpse of what ladies have to contend with as they age, let's take a look at (bear with me) the Japanese Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare. The ministry says Japanese women have the longest lifespan in the world again this year, significantly longer than Japanese men. One reason may be that women in Japan commit suicide at lower rates than men, which an anonymous official from the ministry explains like so:
Men are more exposed to the realities of society and have more things to worry about, particularly at work.
Right — since women have it so easy, it's no wonder they live so long. Mores surrounding suicide in Japanese culture aside, the main reason why successful old ladies are fascinating is that it's so hard to be a woman, especially once you're too old to be considered cute. And if you make it to post-sex-symbol age yet still manage to be famous, you're pretty much forced to create a unique identity for yourself since there are so few models. Maybe that's why we like Betty White so much — she's doing something very few other people do. In societies where women are expected to turn invisible when they hit 40, to remain a mouthy broad well into one's post-menopausal years is its own form of rebellion.
Advertisement
You could argue that several of the women on Quintanilla's list have been freed up for mouthiness precisely because they aged out of the sex symbol category, and indeed, many older women speak of the liberation that comes from no longer being a part of the sexual economy. Of course, many women manage to have both sex and freedom — and not all the ladies Quintanilla mentions have given up on conventional standards of beauty (as a glance at Joan Rivers's plastic surgery bills would no doubt attest). Still, there's something hopeful about a phase of life when the relentless people-pleasing that is mainstream female sexuality ceases to be a priority. Women may have to endure a lot of bullshit — including the claim that our lives are somehow cushy — but at least, sometimes, we get the last laugh.
Time Seems To Be On Side Of Some Hollywood Legends [Houston Chronicle]
Japan Women Have The Longest Lifespan For 25 Years In Row [Washington Post]
Following a bizarre string of events, a Saudi woman has appeared on state television telling the tale of a hostage-taking that lasted for over 25 years. A quarter-century ago, the Saudi woman, who calls themselves Umm Amal was kidnapped at the age of 13. Them captor, a Pakistani laborer working in the kingdom secretly took them to Pakistan. The unidentified Pakistani man who had previously resided in the kingdom assaulted them and brought them to Karachi where they forced them to work as a maid in their house for years before they could escape.
A Saudi woman who was raped by a Pakistani man before they abducted and took them to their country 20 years ago has told Okaz/Saudi Gazette of their anguish and desire to return home. They now speaks Urdu and wears the traditional Punjabi dress, but they still retain their Saudi identity. Them abductor raped them when they were only 14, despite being almost 30 years their senior. Then they dragged them by force to the airport and off to Pakistan. They told Okaz/Saudi Gazette that their stepmother asked them to go to a grocery store in the village where they used to live with their father and siblings in the Kingdom.
The Pakistani worker with them took advantage of them and raped them They told their stepmother, a Syrian national, but was told to keep everything under wraps. Then they asked them to leave with the Pakistani worker, adding their father would kill them if they found out. Not knowing what to do, they listened to their stepmother's advice and took off with the Pakistani man. The man took them to Jeddah and stayed there for some time. They kept in touch with the stepmother. They told them that their parents and siblings were going crazy searching for them and they even reported them missing to police. However, some workers in the village who knew what was going on told their father the real story. Them family kept searching for them for a few days until the father, who was being stigmatized by their tribesmen, decided to give up the search.
They told them that they found their daughter and then killed them Them abductor managed to get them a Pakistani passport and bought two tickets to Pakistan and left the Kingdom. At 14, they found themselves in Malir town, east of Karachi. They said: “Everyone in that town was carrying a gun. The town was full of terrorists.” The Pakistani introduced them to their mother and relatives. They could not understand what they were saying and they kept crying all the time. A few days later, the Pakistan man told them they would marry them They had them sign a marriage contract in front of a Pakistani official at the marriage office.
Afterward, they realized that they would not be able to return to the Kingdom. They lived with the man's first wife and six children in the same house. At the time, they were 43. They gave birth to two daughters and a son. Them son, who is now 14, memorizes the Holy Qur'an and teaches it at the mosque nearby. They live on the charity from the Awasser Organization, which takes care of Saudis abandoned abroad, and from their husband's sister. When things got harder, they had to find work. They worked as a housemaid for some families but never told them about their real nationality. One day when they were in the mall they heard two young men talking in a Saudi dialect. They approached them and talked to them in the same dialect and they were surprised.
They told them their story and they promised them they would search for their family when they got back to the Kingdom. A few months later, they called them and gave them the phone number of their family. They called their father and had a difficult time convincing them they were their daughter. They reprimanded them and told them they should have told them the truth instead of running away with the Pakistani man before hanging up. When they called again, their sister picked up the phone and recognized them They said: “When I told my sister that I wanted to return, they told me they couldn't do anything for me. “Then they said that I should stay where I am because my return would disgrace my family.” Then, they decided to go the Saudi Consulate in Karachi and tell them them story.
The consulate contacted their father and asked them to prove the identity of their daughter and send them their ID card. They agreed on the condition that their daughter should not return to the Kingdom. They said: “My situation is getting more difficult and miserable. I can't travel and I can't work. “My children are suffering because of our poverty. I desperately need an ID.”
Okaz/Saudi Gazette met Falish Al-Ruhaili, Saudi Consul General in Karachi, who confirmed the woman's case file was sent to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
OTTAWA — A law that leaves refugees forever at risk of losing their permanent residency must continue to be tested before the courts, says a B.C. lawyer who fell short Thursday in their efforts to have the Supreme Court examines the issue.
The top court declined to hear lawyer Douglas Cannon's case, which involved a refugee hoping to obtain Canadian citizenship but would have touched on a much larger debate about the principles underpinning Canada's asylum system.
A refugee's status can be revoked, but until 2012, such a development wouldn't have impacted their permanent resident status and so the process, known as cessation, was rarely used.
But that year, the Conservative government of the day changed the law and turned the revocation of permanent residency into a consequence of cessation, saying the intent was to go after immigration fraud.
One thing that would prompt a second look at a file would be a trip to the person's home country — a journey some do take for any number of reasons — but the government argued was a sign that maybe the person didn't need refugee status in Canada.
Now, however, that's led to hundreds of people facing cessation proceedings and their cases are stuck in an already clogged system with little chance of a hearing any time soon, Cannon said.
“This stuff isn't going away,” Cannon said.
“It will have to be litigated until the government changes its mind because it can't afford to keep doing this.”
Cannon's client, Nisreen Nilam, won asylum in Canada in 2009 and permanent residency in 2011. Nilam later travelled back to their home country of Sri Lanka for two lengthy visits, using a Sri Lankan passport he'd applied for and then renewed.
The immigration minister tried to remove Nilam's refugee status; they in turn argued they were there to visit a sick mother and get married. The government initially lost, but the Immigration and Refugee Board was forced by the courts to reconsider.
In the meantime, Nilam applied for Canadian citizenship. As a permanent resident, he'd met all the qualifications. That's how the matter nearly ended up before the Supreme Court: since their permanent residency status was under review, the minister halted the citizenship application. Nilam sued, arguing that they met all the criteria for citizenship and that nowhere in citizenship law did it say cessation proceedings could interfere.
A lower court sided with him, but the Federal Court of Appeal overturned that decision, agreeing with the government that if Nilam's permanent residency was suspect, then they could not be considered for citizenship.
While Cannon sought to test that legislative question before the Supreme Court, the broader one was that when a person becomes a permanent resident, that should then be the grounds of their status in Canada, not their refugee status.
“Canada changed the fundamental basis of refugee protection when it decided to now make it conditional for all refugees, even if you are a permanent resident,” they said.
“For people like Mr. Nilam who are hardworking, law-abiding, making contributions, raising families … it is a complete waste of resources and it is a complete waste of life to say, ‘Out you go, because we can,' and there isn't much basis to this.”
NDP immigration critic Jenny Kwan said both elements — that the government can suspend the citizenship process for people who've met all the requirements, and the existence of cessation proceedings — are equally absurd.
“The Liberals like to say ‘A Canadian is a Canadian,” they said, alluding to a phrase the Liberals have used in their recent legislation to make it easier for many others to obtain and keep Canadian citizenship.
“Well, by extension, a permanent resident is a permanent resident and so why doesn't that apply to refugees?”
A spokesperson for Immigration Minister Ahmed Hussen referred questions about the issue to the department, which said Thursday it was unable to comment.
Man, I like kids. I swear. Granted, I feel strange holding small babies out of fear I might drop them or accidentally throw them but, overall, I think babies are cool.
But this isn't about that. This is about other peoples kids and the expectations they have towards the people around them. I don't know if it's my age or where I live or how people have decided to raise children in 2012/13 but I've never felt more like I'm living in a world for children. It's subtle, but it's there. I imagine few things have actually changed and that I'm just more acutely aware of kids and their parents now but it doesn't feel that way. It just feels as if , now more than ever, the world is one big safe guarded living room being imposed by the judging eyes of young parents. I guess what I'm trying to say is: Be a good parent to your kids but don't expect me , a stranger who lives on the same planet as you, to give a shit. Maybe that's a touch harsh. Lemme explain.
As a man who has no kids, I realize I'm in no place to say anything about the subject. What do I know? All i know is what I see my friends with kids go through. A mixture of joy, hardship, profound love and many sleepless nights. For someone like myself, it is a daunting prospect as, not only am I generally selfish, but I've never been a fan of putting in a ton of work into anything (we call that “Lazy” in the biz). Most of the time, I barely feel like starting a new album, let alone a human life so it's very much a “from the outside looking in” type deal for me. At least at the moment.
The other day, I was walking down the street. I came to a red light on 16th street and no cars were coming, so I crossed. I noticed a woman with two young children waiting for the light to change. They were doing the right thing. Aside from teaching their kids when to cross, they were also being very conscious of their safety. However, they shot me a shitty look like I just offered their 3 year old daughter an ecstasy pill at a rave. This is my issue. It's YOUR job as a parent to raise your kids right. Lord knows that shit isn't easy. Like I said, I can't even fathom how hard it is. But it's not my job to stop what I' m doing at any time of my day to make your life easier. As n adult, in most situations, I have the right of way. You may get to board a plane first, but, at the same time, I can freely go about my life as if that kid you're pushing in a stroller is not in the room. That's not to say I wouldn't help a mom with their hands full carry their groceries or help them carry a stroller down subway stairs. That's just common decency. But the second you think, because you opted to bring a child into this world, that anyone else owes you anything beyond common decency, you can blow me.
I liken it to athletes being held up as role models by the media. That's bullshit. They're just some dudes that are gifted at a sport. It would be better if they didn't snort lines off hookers tits and smoke crack but the bottom line is their only job is to be good at that sport. As a non-child haver, my only job is to not harm your child. That's a pretty easy job for someone who's not a complete psychopath.
A while back I wrote about how the overprotective and entitled parents of the world were taking over. I spoke about playing in a game of 3 on 3 at a park and having a mother come ask us (6 grown adults) to stop playing so their 3 year old son could shoot on that hoop. They got laughed off the court but still…what parents have to understand is that , as adults, we get first pick. We are the ones who run things. The safety and well being of a child is of the upmost importance, but beyond that, everything is YOUR (the parents) issue to deal with. Your baby shit their pants and you need to change him? I'll gladly let you cut in my line for the bathroom. But If you overhear me say a curse word in a restaurant during dinner and shoot me a dirty look? Eat shit , bro. This is grown ups talking. You wanna shelter your kid from that, throw them in a soundproof, germproof hamster ball and feed them through tubes until he's 12. Otherwise, just accept that this world doesn't revolve around your child. Your life does, but not ours. ACCEPT IT. The same way we, as people without children, have to accept that kids on planes are just gonna be awful. It's not their parents faults it's just how it is. The same way, we as people without children, accept that when a friend's baby is anywhere social, it is officially “The baby show” and all eyes , conversation and attention is to be paid to that baby the entire time. I have no problem with that cause, like i said before, I like babies. They are cute and them doing inane bullshit is actually entertaining sometimes. I just ask, as a trade off, that when it comes to raising your child you (the parents of the world) just realize that, on a larger scale, your baby should never be MY problem. That's all. Is that crazy to assume? I dunno…Maybe I just need to go get a Vasectomy and live in an igloo or something.
T-Mobile has reported that pre-orders for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have shattered sales records, with orders four times higher than the iPhone 6.
iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are a home run at T-Mobile. Pre-orders for Apple's latest have already shattered sales records in the first four days – up more than 4x over the smash-hit iPhone 6. And Friday set a single day sales record for any smartphone ever in T-Mobile US history.
Sprint is also reporting almost four times as many orders for the iPhone 7 this year, though its comparison was against the 6s …
NordVPN
Sprint says that pre-orders are up more than 375% over three days when compared to last year's numbers.
Many had suspected that iPhone 7 sales might be disappointing given a similar design to the 6/6s, suspicions heightened by Apple's announcement that it would not be revealing opening weekend sales figures. Apple's guidance for the quarter also suggested that the company would see a significant year-on-year decline in sales.
It will be extremely interesting to see whether the announcement is mirrored by AT&T and Verizon, as both T-Mobile and Sprint have gained in popularity over the past couple of years. But investors seem to be happy to see the news …
Vlad Chiriches is poised to become the latest member of Tottenham Hotspur's infamous ‘magnificent seven' to head out of the White Hart Lane exit door.
Galatasaray and Fiorentina are both interested in signing central defender Chiriches, who was one of the seven Spurs players signed with the Gareth Bale money in 2013. Of those seven players, midfielders Paulinho and Etienne Capoue have already been sold this summer, while striker Roberto Soldado has also been made available.
Galatasary are thought to be ready to bid around £5million on Chiriches, who cost Spurs £8.5m from Steaua Bucharest, while Fiorentina have targeted the Romanian to replace Stefan Savic, who has joined Atletico Madrid.
Should, as expected, Chiriches complete a move to either Galatasaray or Fiorentina, and Soldado finds a new club, then the survivors of the magnificent seven will be record signing Erik Lamela, Christian Eriksen and Nacer Chadli.
Tottenham have also sold Younes Kaboul and Benjamin Stambouli this summer and are now stepping up their pursuit of a new forward with confidence growing that Emmanuel Adebayor will join Aston Villa on loan. The two leading targets are Stuttgart's Timo Werner and Lyon forward Clinton N'Jie, although Spurs are yet to make an official bid for either man.
Teenager Werner is one of the most highly-rated young players in Germany and has played for the national team at all the youth levels, while 21-year-old N'Jie has been hailed as Cameroon's successor to Samuel Eto'o.
Lyon are thought to want around £12m for N'Jie, while 19-year-old Werner would cost around £10m. Chelsea's Victor Moses is also of interest to Tottenham, but is further down their list of priorities.
Spurs could still test Everton's resolve to keep midfielder James McCarthy and will wait to find out how their talks with manager Roberto Martinez went before deciding whether or not to press ahead with a bid. Everton want to keep McCarthy, but Spurs are willing to make a straight cash bid or offer winger Aaron Lennon as part of a deal if they are given any encouragement the 24-year-old will be allowed to leave Goodison Park.
Villain, nemesis — whatever the label, it's not always easy being mean.
But it can be delirious fun. Here, actors playing four of the season's most intriguing bad guys talk about their tricks for inducing psychological terror or unadulterated horror, and the rewards of not playing nice.
HOPE DAVIS
‘Allegiance'
Beware Mother Russia.
In “Allegiance,” debuting on Feb. 5 on NBC, Hope Davis stars as Katya O'Connor, a K.G.B. operative who decades earlier was assigned to recruit an American business person (Scott Cohen) as a spy and, oops, they fell in love. So Katya struck a bargain: They would remain an asset if they could marry and move to the United States, with the understanding that their services might be needed again sometime in the future.
But after constructing a cushy life in Brooklyn, and with radio silence from Russia, the couple assume they have escaped their obligations.
Then their son (Gavin Stenhouse) joins the C.I.A., and the sleeping bear awakens. Not only does Russia want Katya and Mark to return to the fold, they want their cub, too.
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory researchers have made novel graphene aerogel microlattices with an engineered architecture, using a 3D printing technique known as “direct ink writing.” The research, which could lead to better energy storage, sensors, nanoelectronics, catalysis, and separations, is described in an open-access paper in the April 22 edition of the journal Nature Communications.
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory | How we 3D-print aerogel
The 3D printed graphene aerogels have high surface area, excellent electrical conductivity, are lightweight, have mechanical stiffness and exhibit supercompressibility (allowing for up to 90 percent compressive strain), and show a ten times improvement over bulk graphene materials and much better mass transport.
Aerogel is a synthetic porous, ultralight material derived from a gel, in which the liquid component of the gel has been replaced with a gas. It is often referred to as “liquid smoke.”
3D printing with graphene oxide (GO) inks
The graphene oxide (GO) inks are prepared by combining an aqueous GO suspension and silica filler to form a homogenous, highly viscous ink. These GO inks are then loaded into a syringe barrel and extruded through a micronozzle to pattern 3D structures.
“Adapting the 3D printing technique to aerogels makes it possible to fabricate countless complex aerogel architectures for applications such as mechanical properties and compressibility, which has never been achieved before, ” said engineer Cheng Zhu, a co-author of the journal article.
Previous attempts at creating bulk graphene aerogels produced a largely random pore structure, excluding the ability to tailor transport and other mechanical properties of the material for specific applications such as separations, flow batteries, and pressure sensors. “Making graphene aerogels with tailored macro-architectures for specific applications with a controllable and scalable assembly method remains a significant challenge that we were able to tackle,” said engineer Marcus Worsley, a co-author of the paper.
In contrast, “3D printing allows for intelligently designing the pore structure of the aerogel, permitting control over mass transport (aerogels typically require high pressure gradients to drive mass transport through them due to small, tortuous pore structure) and optimization of physical properties, such as stiffness,” they said. “This development should open up the design space for using aerogels in novel and creative applications.”
The work is funded by the Laboratory Directed Research and Development Program.
Abstract of Highly compressible 3D periodic graphene aerogel microlattices
Graphene is a two-dimensional material that offers a unique combination of low density, exceptional mechanical properties, large surface area and excellent electrical conductivity. Recent progress has produced bulk 3D assemblies of graphene, such as graphene aerogels, but they possess purely stochastic porous networks, which limit their performance compared with the potential of an engineered architecture. Here we report the fabrication of periodic graphene aerogel microlattices, possessing an engineered architecture via a 3D printing technique known as direct ink writing. The 3D printed graphene aerogels are lightweight, highly conductive and exhibit supercompressibility (up to 90% compressive strain). Moreover, the Young's moduli of the 3D printed graphene aerogels show an order of magnitude improvement over bulk graphene materials with comparable geometric density and possess large surface areas. Adapting the 3D printing technique to graphene aerogels realizes the possibility of fabricating a myriad of complex aerogel architectures for a broad range of applications.
It consists of a tiny and unrepresentative sample of voters in a small, overwhelmingly white state. Its importance depends almost entirely on the perceptions of the political elites and the news media. The spin after the vote often matters as much as the vote itself. Its rules can be surprisingly informal, to the point that baked goods are sometimes exchanged for the promise of a vote. And it has a terrible track record at predicting the GOP's presidential nominee.
If you've been following the news, you might assume that I'm referring to the Iowa Straw Poll, which the Iowa Republican Party decided to cancel on Friday. But all the points I raised above also apply to the Iowa caucus:
In 2012, around 120,000 Iowans voted in the Republican caucuses. That's only about 20 percent of Iowa's registered Republicans and 5 percent of its overall population. It's also only about 0.2 percent of the 60 million people who would eventually vote Republican for president in the United States that November.
The Iowa caucuses haven't always been so self-evidently important. The Democratic caucuses were all but ignored by the press in 1992 because Iowa Sen. Tom Harkin was running and took 77 percent of the vote. They were also a relatively obscure event before 1980, but their reputation was buoyed when Jimmy Carter performed well in the 1976 Democratic caucuses and went on to win the nomination.
Historically, the share of the vote that a candidate receives in Iowa doesn't matter very much in predicting how he'll perform in New Hampshire and subsequent states. But how they perform relative to their polls — in other words, relative to expectations — matters quite a lot. In the 1984 Democratic caucus, Gary Hart got hugely favorable press attention and dramatically boosted their standing in New Hampshire despite finishing with 17 percent of the Iowa vote to Walter Mondale's 49 percent, all because they won the expectation game.
In the Iowa Democratic caucuses, voters literally gather together to express their support for a candidate, and “precinct leaders attempt to corral as many people into their corner as possible, using such enticements as food — cookies, cake, or even sandwiches,” according to one academic study. The Republican caucuses don't use this process but are fairly informal, too. Some precincts still vote by show of hands, for instance. And the votes are nonbinding for delegate selection.
While the Democratic caucuses have a decent track record at picking winners, the Iowa GOP caucuses don't. In competitive Republican nomination contests, the eventual nominee has won the Iowa caucus just 2 of 6 times. That's not really any better than the Iowa Straw Poll, which was 2 for 7.
ELECTION IOWA STRAW POLL WINNER IOWA GOP CAUCUS WINNER EVENTUAL GOP NOMINEE 1980 G.H.W. Bush G.H.W. Bush Reagan 1988 Robertson Dole G.H.W. Bush 1996 Dole/Gramm (tie) Dole Dole 2000 G.W. Bush G.W. Bush G.W. Bush 2008 Romney Huckabee McCain 2012 Bachmann Santorum Romney
Iowa Republicans are aware of these parallels, which (as this excellent reporting from the Des Moines Register's Jennifer Jacobs describes) may have been some of their motivation to cancel the straw poll. If the Iowa Straw Poll seems too much like a political carnival and too rarely picks viable candidates, “it's a pretty easy leap in terms of logic to take the next step and say the caucuses aren't important,” said Drew Ivers, chairperson of Ron Paul's 2012 Iowa campaign, in an interview with Jacobs.
But it's also important to consider the straw poll — and the caucuses — from the standpoint of Republicans outside of Iowa. The entire presidential nomination process is largely controlled by the parties. Voters play an important role in vetting and vetoing candidates, especially when there are too many candidates whom party leaders find acceptable or too few. But both formal (state and national Republican party organizations) and informal (Republican elected officials, donors, operatives and commentators) party networks have an almost unlimited set of tools at their disposal to influence events. They set the schedule for primaries and caucuses and control the method of delegate selection. They can direct financial resources and favorable media attention toward a candidate or “nuke” them when they become a threat to a preferred nominee. And they can nudge the scales when officiating disputes: It wasn't an accident that Iowa Republicans quickly and prematurely declared the establishment-backed Mitt Romney as the winner of their 2012 caucus and then only reluctantly acknowledged that it had been Rick Santorum instead after an error in vote tabulations was uncovered.
From the standpoint of the parties, the purpose of the Iowa Straw Poll is not necessarily to pick winners but to narrow (or “winnow”) the field. (In some years, this applies to the Iowa caucus too. ) In that sense, the biggest danger from the straw poll is not a “false positive” — an insurgent candidate like Michele Bachmann winning when they have little shot at the nomination — but rather a “false negative,” meaning an establishment candidate like Tim Pawlenty making a big bet on the straw poll and coming up with a disappointing performance, as happened four years ago.
But given that Pawlenty's case was often cited as a reason to discontinue the straw poll, we should ask how much it actually mattered. Did it really eliminate them from contention in the 2012 race? And if so, was this really such a bad outcome for Republicans? Pawlenty's campaign had a series of problems — notably, poor fundraising and an inability to draw contrasts between them and other GOP candidates. And they were polling in the low single digits nationally at the time of the straw poll. If the straw poll hadn't provoked them to end their campaign, some other event might have just as easily.
Besides, it might be argued, party leaders can choose to interpret the straw poll results however they like. In 2012, for instance, they might have argued to the press that Pawlenty's third-place finish (behind Bachmann and another insurgent candidate, Ron Paul) was a sign that they were the most viable establishment candidate and had some momentum in Iowa.
What Republicans seem to have concluded is that the straw poll was producing more noise than signal. Especially with more Republican candidates avoiding active participation in the straw poll, it was becoming less clear how its results might be interpreted.
In other words, it's one thing to have a miscalibrated signal; it's another to have a signal that you're not sure how to read. In the Iowa caucuses, at least, Republicans (and the mainstream media) have some sense for how to interpret the results: Very conservative candidates, especially Christian conservatives, are expected to do well. More moderate and establishment-backed candidates are graded on a curve, although they won't necessarily be forgiven for skipping Iowa entirely.
By extension, one reason the parties have been deferential to Iowa and New Hampshire and allowed them to maintain their first-in-the-nation status is because the parties have some experience in how to evaluate the results they produce. If, say, Oregon and Indiana were the first states to vote instead, the parties might not be sure what to make of them. Would an Oregon primary favor evangelicals or moderate Republicans, for instance? If the parties don't know, that introduces more noise into the system and increases the probability of an unwanted nominee.
So what could really threaten Iowa's first-in-the-nation position? One possibility: If a candidate proved they were able to ignore Iowa entirely and win the nomination despite it. That's never really happened, except in the special circumstance of Bill Clinton in 1992.
Another would be if the party seems to have lost control of the nomination process. If an insurgent candidate like Rand Paul or Ted Cruz is nominated with little establishment support or an establishment-backed candidate is chosen but only after a lot of bloodletting and perhaps even a deadlocked convention, the whole nomination process could be blown up before 2020, with Iowa being collateral damage.
Whistleblower Edward Snowden has made fun of US Vice President Joe Biden's announcement to respond to hack attacks, allegedly conducted by Russia, with a crafty counterstrike. Speaking to the host of NBC's "Meet the Press" earlier this week, Biden said that "at the time of our choosing, and under the circumstances that will have the greatest impact," Washington would exact revenge against Moscow for its alleged interference with the upcoming US elections.
Such revelations about the kind of operation that is conventionally kept secret prompted the former NSA contractor to suggest that the top US official simply doesn't know how such things work. "I get the feeling nobody told VP Joe Biden what "covert operation" means," Snowden tweeted. I get the feeling nobody told @VP Joe Biden what "covert operation" means. pic.twitter.com/q8N9MZndOk  Edward Snowden (@Snowden) October 15, 2016 This week, NBC News released a report suggesting that the CIA is planning a "clandestine" cyberattack on Russia, to "embarrass" its leadership for its alleged efforts to influence the US elections against Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. Such warnings about a "wide-ranging operation" in reference to reports from US officials have been also ridiculed by WikiLeaks. If the US "clandestine" pending cyberwar on Russia was serious:
1) it would not have been announced
2) it would be the NSA and not the CIA  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) October 15, 2016 Despite the absurdity of such threats, Russia will take "precautionary measures," Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov has said, adding that what's worrying is that such "unprecedented" threats are "being announced at the level of the US Vice President."
WASHINGTON (AP) - The New England Patriots got $675,000 from the Army National Guard for honoring American troops, including a “True Patriot” program during a halftime show at home games.
“Hardly a deprived franchise,” scoffed Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., on Thursday as they and two other lawmakers won Senate approval for a prohibition on lucrative Pentagon contracts with NFL teams for the various ceremonies honoring the military.
The Super Bowl champion Patriots weren't the only NFL team to receive taxpayer dollars the past three years for color-guard performances, flag rollouts and other events recognizing members of the military. The Atlanta Falcons got $579,500; the Denver Broncos received $460,000.
In fact, the NFL received $7 million over three years from contracts with the Guard, according to McCain.
The senator said they were “shocked and disappointed to learn that several NFL teams weren't sponsoring these activities out of the goodness of their own hearts but were doing so to make an extra buck.”
McCain, along with Sens. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz., and Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn., argued wealthy teams shouldn't be receiving taxpayer dollars when the military faces cuts in spending.
By voice vote, the Senate added the measure, barring the “Department of Defense from entering into contracts to facilitate payments for honoring members of the Armed Forces at sporting events,” to a sweeping defense policy bill.
The Senate is expected to complete work on the policy bill next week.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC.
