Originally published Saturday, December 10, 2011 at 4:54 PM
Newt Gingrich's overall political philosophy is appeal to conservative syndicated columnist David Brooks. But their temperament and other flaws make them a troublesome candidate among the GOP presidential hopefuls.
Of all the major Republicans, the one who comes closest to my worldview is Newt Gingrich. Despite their erratically shifting views and odd phases, they continually return to this core political refrain: they talks about using government in energetic but limited ways to increase growth, dynamism and social mobility.
As they said in 2007, "It's not a point of view libertarians would embrace, but I am more in the Alexander Hamilton-Teddy Roosevelt tradition of conservatism. I recognize that there are times when you need government to help spur private enterprise and economic development."
Look at U.S. history, Gingrich continued, "The government provided railroad land grants to encourage widespread adoption of what was then the most modern form of transportation to develop our country. The Homestead Act essentially gave away land to those willing to live on it and develop it. We used what were in effect public-private partnerships to bring telephone service and electricity to every community in our nation. All of these are examples of government bringing about public purposes without creating massive taxpayer-funded bureaucracies."
This was not one of Gingrich's passing fads. It is one of the most consistent themes of their career. Their 1984 book, "Window of Opportunity," is a broadside against what they call the "laissez-faire" conservatism — the idea that government should just get out of the way so the market can flourish.
Over the years, this approach has led Gingrich to support cap-and-trade energy legislation to combat global warming. It has led them to endorse universal health care coverage. It led them to support humane immigration reform. They enthusiastically backed Jack Kemp's efforts to fight poverty.
Though their ideas stray, their most common theme is that government should intervene in crucial ways to create a dynamic, decentralized, low-tax society.
So why am I not more excited by the Gingrich surge?
In the first place, Gingrich loves government more than I do. They have no Hayekian modesty to restrain their faith in statist endeavor. For example, they have called for "a massive new program to build a permanent lunar colony to exploit the Moon's resources." They have suggested "a mirror system in space could provide the light equivalent of many full moons so that there would be no need for nighttime lighting of the highways."
I'm for national greatness conservatism, but this is a little too great. Furthermore, they have an unconservative faith in their own innocence. The crossroads where government meets enterprise can be an exciting crossroads. It can also be a corrupt crossroads. It requires moral rectitude to separate public service from private gain. Gingrich was perfectly content to belly up to the Freddie Mac trough and then invent a Hamiltonian rationale to justify their own greed.
Then there is their rhetorical style. They seem to have understood that a moderate Republican like themselves can win so long as they adopt a bombastic style when taking on the liberal elites. Most people want somebody who can articulate their hatreds, and Gingrich is happy to play the role.
Most important, there is temperament and character. As Yuval Levin noted in a post for National Review, Gingrich and Mitt Romney are both "very wonky Rockefeller Republicans who moved to the right over time as their party moved right."
But they have very different temperaments. Romney has an executive temperament — organization, discipline and restraint. Gingrich has a revolutionary temperament — intensity, disorganization and a tendency to see everything as a cataclysmic clash requiring a radical response.
In the two main Republican contenders, we have one man, Romney, who seems to have walked straight out of the 1950s, and another, Gingrich, who seems to have walked straight out of the 1960s. They have every negative character trait that conservatives associate with '60s excess: narcissism, self-righteousness, self-indulgence and intemperance. They just has those traits in Republican form.
As nearly everyone who has ever worked with them knows, they would severely damage conservatism and the Republican Party if nominated. It's too bad. We could have had a debate about the progressive-conservative tradition. President Obama is embracing Roosevelt. Gingrich has tried to modernize this tendency.
But how you believe something is as important as what you believe. It doesn't matter if a person shares your overall philosophy. If they don't have the right temperament and character, stay away.
David Brooks is a regular columnist for The New York Times.
By Eric Segall
, co-owner of Masterpiece Bakeshop, who refused to bake a cake for a same-sex wedding. Colorado law prohibits businesses from refusing to cater to customers because of their sexual orientation. Phillips argues that both the free speech and free exercise clauses of the First Amendment prohibit Colorado from punishing them for their refusal. Last week, I wrote a If you are reading this Blog, you probably know that this Fall the Supreme Court will hear a case brought by Tom Phillipsco-owner of Masterpiece Bakeshop, who refused to bake a cake for a same-sex wedding. Colorado law prohibits businesses from refusing to cater to customers because of their sexual orientation. Phillips argues that both the free speech and free exercise clauses of the First Amendment prohibit Colorado from punishing them for their refusal. Last week, I wrote a piece for SCOTUSBlog arguing that their free exercise claims should be dismissed but conceding that their free speech claims are truly difficult. It turns out, however, that those speech claims cannot be satisfactorily resolved on the present record, and therefore the Court should not resolve Phillips' speech claims.
Let's all agree (or at least assume) that the state of Colorado could not force a wedding singer to perform a particular song requested by a customer because doing so would obviously violate the singer's first amendment rights (same with a poet or a painter). Let's also agree that Colorado could (without regard to freedom of speech) forbid an air conditioning company from refusing to fix an AC unit at a hall where a same-sex wedding is taking place simply because the owner of the company objects to same-sex weddings. The reason is that fixing air conditioners simply isn't speech. The hard question in Masterpiece is where does a wedding cake fall in that spectrum for free speech purposes.
I think it is clear that the state cannot force Phillips to write a pro-same-sex-marriage message on the cake or even design it in a way to communicate that message (the couple's actual cake eventually was decorated with a rainbow which is a symbol of the gay rights movement). That would be the same as making a singer perform a song against them will. Although it is not frivolous to argue that the state's compelling interest in fighting discrimination might justify that compelled expression in the context of commercial services, I think that it is a tough argument when there are many other vendors willing to provide the same service.
On the other hand, the first amendment should not block Colorado from requiring Phillips to sell candles, napkins, or off-the-shelf generic food products just because they have a religious objection to same-sex weddings. That kind of exception would blow a huge hole through non-discrimination laws and would allow business owners who sell items with no expressive component to refuse service to people on the basis of their race, gender, religion or sexual orientation. As many have argued, the provider of napkins or appetizers to weddings does not send a message of approval of that wedding.
So, where does Phillips' refusal fit in? Unfortunately, it appears the record does not supply the answer and the Court should not make one up. Here's is what the administrative law judge found
6. Phillips informed Complainants that they do not create wedding cakes for same-sex weddings. Phillips told the men, “I'll make you birthday cakes, shower cakes, sell you cookies and brownies, I just don't make cakes for same-sex weddings.”
7. Complainants immediately got up and left the store without further discussion with Phillips.
8. The whole conversation between Phillips and Complainants was very brief, with no discussion between the parties about what the cake would look like.
9. The next day, Ms. Munn called Masterpiece Cakeshop and spoke with Phillips. Phillips advised Ms. Munn that they do not create wedding cakes for same-sex weddings because of their religious beliefs, and because Colorado does not recognize same-sex marriages.
It appears that there was never a conversation about the possibility of a generic wedding cake. The Colorado decision that Phillips appealed said that, after the couple asked Phillips if they would make them a cake, "Phillips declined, telling them that they do not create wedding cakes for same-sex weddings because of their religious beliefs, but advising [them] that they would be happy to make and sell them any other baked goods." And, in their brief in the Supreme Court, Phillips says that they "politely explained that they do not design wedding cakes for same-sex marriages, but emphasized that they were happy to make other items for them." It is not clear from the record whether the "other items" refers to other wedding items or baked goods for other occasions.
There are two major unanswered questions directly relevant to Phillips' free speech claims. First, if they were able to make the couple a generic cake, but refused, that would likely render them liable under the Colorado civil rights law without first amendment protection. A bare chocolate cake with no writing or special design does not communicate a message. But if the couple insisted on a cake with a message supportive of same-sex marriage, Phillips should probably prevail under the forced expression doctrine of the first amendment (unless the law satisfied strict scrutiny).
The other factual issue that is unresolved is whether Phillips would have provided generic baked goods (i.e.,cupcakes) to the wedding or whether they were saying they could provide nothing to them of use for the wedding. Again, it is hard to see why the first amendment free speech clause would prohibit Colorado from making it illegal for a vendor to refuse to provide non-expressive commercial goods to same-sex weddings. But there apparently was no conversation about other goods for the wedding so again we don't know the answer to that question.
It may well be that all of Phillips' wedding cakes are custom-made, though that is also not clear from the record. But if Phillips had refused to bake even a plain vanilla cake, with no symbol or expression, then it also is clear that they would refuse to sell them anything for their wedding, even a clearly generic, non-communicative cupcake. As explained above, the legal consequences differ depending on whether Phillips was saying they would not provide the couple anything expressive or whether they were saying they would not provide them anything at all.
The Court could possibly find that all wedding cakes, no matter how plain, communicate support for the wedding for which it is provided. But let's be honest, that is just ridiculous. Therefore, the speech claims in this case turn on exactly what Phillips was willing or not willing to do. And, the Supreme Court of the United States is not the place to answer that question in the first instance. Because, as I explain here , Phillips should not win on their religion claims, the Court should either remand the case for further fact finding, or even better, decide that it should never have decided to hear the case in the first place.
From the Washington Post:
Republicans' increasing reliance on white voters may not spell electoral doom just yet By Chris Cillizza August 3 at 1:23 PM It's a widely accepted idea that Republicans are sitting on a demographic time bomb: The GOP is getting whiter and whiter in terms of the voters it attracts even as the country is growing increasingly diverse. Marisa Abrajano, an associate professor of political science at the University of California at San Diego, doesn't dispute that basic notion in a new study of the electorate. But they do suggest that the time bomb may well have a very long fuse — and that in the time before it explodes, Republicans could actually benefit electorally from a consolidation of the white vote. “Given that whites still make up about three-quarters of the voters in the nation and will likely be the clear majority for decades to come, there is every reason to believe that whites will have a real say in who governs,” writes Abrajano in “Will Immigration Spark a White Backlash in America?” “Indeed the white population's growing allegiance to the Republican Party points to a very different short term future — one that might more likely be highlighted by Republican victory than by Democratic dominance.” As the title of Abrajano's study suggests, they tie these demographic shifts closely to the ongoing debate over immigration — and, specifically, what to do about undocumented immigrants — and the effects on our politics. That's a particularly relevant conversation at the moment, given the crisis of undocumented children flooding the country's southern border and the recently concluded debate over how much federal money to devote to solving that problem. … That resistance — which conservatives in the House insist is based on a desire to see the border secured before the topic of what to do with the 11 million people here illegally can be debated — has led to significant handwringing among the party's strategist class
“The party's strategist class” — has anybody ever seen quantitative studies sponsored by the GOP's Strategist Class? Do they do any research beyond listening to what Barack Obama, Chuck Schumer, and Carlos Slim tell them is in their best electoral interests?
, which worries that the Republicans' policies make them look unwelcoming to Hispanics. Abrajano suggests that a much more overlooked number from the 2012 election might be more telling in terms of how immigration — and the policies the two parties propose to address it — will affect elections in the near term. That number is 20 — the percentage-point margin by which Romney beat Obama among white voters. That was the second-largest margin among white voters for a Republican presidential nominee in three decades. … In essence, they argue, the prominence of immigrants and immigration issues as well as the two parties' varying responses to those issues have made it increasingly likely that the white vote will continue to consolidate behind Republican candidates in the near to mid-term. The past two elections suggest that Abrajano may be on to something. Not only did Romney hit a near-historic high in the white vote in 2012, but Republicans won the white vote in the 2010 midterms by 23 points — a massive margin considering that whites comprised 77 percent of the overall electorate. The coming 2014 midterms will put Abrajano's theory to the test again.
Another aspect to consider is the inherent fractiousness of the Democrats' Coalition of the Fringes: the lesbian-feminists are mad at the suddenly all-important she-males, the Muslims are mad at the Jews over the Middle East, the Asians are mad at the Hispanics over U. of California quotas, the NAMs are mad at the SWPLs for gentrifying them out to the sticks, Hollywood is worried that soon they'll have to release statistics about their lack of diversity just like Silicon Valley has had too, and so forth and so on.
How can this coalition be kept together? Simple. By getting all the Fringes to unite in hating straight cis-gendered Christian old white uncool men (add as many qualifying adjectives as needed).
The question then becomes: does this media storm further batter down and depress Core Americans, or do they start to grow a backbone and object to the hatred directed toward them?
It could go either way.
CLOSE Audio from the day the Yolo County Sheriff's Office found Sherri Papini on the side of the road on Thanksgiving day in 2016. Wochit
Sherri Papini (Photo: Contributed)
Detectives still can't piece together who abducted Sherri Papini or why, but texts with a man in Detroit, male DNA that didn't come from their husband and a brawl Papini described between them and one of their captors have all been part of the investigation, officials said Wednesday.
Papini, then 34, was found alive on Thanksgiving 2016 after being reported missing by their husband Nov. 2. Sgt. Brian Jackson said Papini told investigators two women abducted them and are the only people they had contact with during the 22 days they were missing.
Jackson said one of the angles detectives have pursued is Papini's alleged relationship with a "male acquaintance from Michigan." Jackson said Papini planned to meet the man days before they disappeared because they were coming to California for business, but investigators later determined they aren't involved in their disappearance.
Jackson also shed more light on the condition Papini was in when they were found on the side of the road in Yolo County, and what happened while they were gone — including a fight Papini said they had with one of the captors.
MORE: Family 'joyous' Sherri Papini found
The FBI released sketches of the two suspects in the Sherri Papini disappearance case. (Photo: FBI)
Papini told a forensic interviewer that they slammed their younger captor's head into a toilet when they were allowed to leave their captivity room for a shower, Jackson said. They said Papini told the interviewer that they got a cut on the side of their right foot in the fight, but "when they were being processed at the hospital ... no evidence of a cut was seen in the photographs."
Papini told investigators that they otherwise avoided looking the women in the face so that they wouldn't beat her, Jackson said.
Papini also told investigators that right before they were released, the two captors were arguing and then they heard a gunshot, Jackson said. The youngest of the women then escorted Papini out of a room, put them in a vehicle and drove along a winding road, eventually dropping them on the side of the road, Jackson said Papini told investigators.
Jackson detailed more of Papini's physical condition when they were found, too.
They said officials found DNA from two people on Papini — that of a man and a woman. Jackson said authorities collected the woman's DNA from Papini's body, while the man's was found on the clothes they wore when found.
They said the male DNA was not that of their husband, Keith Papini.
MORE: All hands on deck in Sherri Papini case
The DNA also didn't match any known offenders who came up in the FBI's database, Jackson said.
The FBI sketches of the suspects Sherri Papini described also didn't ring any bells for investigators, Jackson said.
"Once the sketches were finalized, detectives and investigators reviewed the sketches and compared the sketches with known witnesses or contacts identified during the investigation to see if the sketches matched any known parties. No matches were made with case file information," Jackson said.
Sherri Papini was found branded on the back of their right shoulder and "appeared battered and bruised," but Jackson said there is no evidence they were sexually assaulted, and they said they aren't. But the bruises indicated Sherri Papini "had been physically assaulted multiple times over a period of time," Jackson said.
As for the brand, Jackson said the message is still unclear because of "obscure letters."
"The quality of the brand is poor," Jackson said.
Either way, Jackson said investigators won't reveal what they do know about the brand "for the integrity of the investigation."
Jackson also said Sherri Papini's hair was cut to shoulder-length. Officials initially said their hair was cut but did not reveal how much.
MORE: Papini's road to freedom off the beaten path
CLOSE Sherri Papini was found on Thanksgiving day in 2016, 22 days after being reported missing by their husband Keith Papini on Nov. 2, 2016. Wochit
They said when they were found, Sherri Papini was wearing a dark gray sweatshirt, light gray sweatpants and had a chain around their waist with their left wrist tethered to it by a zip-tie. Jackson said Sherri Papini also had hose clamps around their ankles, apparently a form of "pain compliance restraints."
Surveillance footage from a church shows Sherri Papini running up to an onramp of Interstate 5 after being dropped off, per a sheriff's press release, but the video was not immediately available.
In a statement released Wednesday evening, Keith Papini said: "We want to express our immense gratitude to all of the many people who have publicly and privately supported us over the last year. Your well-wishes have helped beyond measure. We are hopeful that the release of additional information by law enforcement will expedite the capture of Sherri's abductors. This has been an extraordinarily difficult time for our entire family. We ask that the media please respect our need for privacy as Sherri continues to heal and we work towards putting our lives back together."
The Papinis have been in "constant contact" with the Shasta County Sheriff's Office and FBI, Jackson said, but Sherri Papini "has not been able to provide a complete detailed statement due to poor recollection."
Jackson also noted the unprecedented nature of Sherri Papini's case.
While detectives have checked up on cases involving abductions and human-trafficking that some news outlets have likened to Sherri Papini's disappearance, Jackson said, "There have been no cases discovered that are similar in nature to this investigation concerning the pattern of operations by the suspect(s), treatment of the captured victim and release of the captured victim."
And despite over 600 tips, "none of the received tips have been able to generate a viable lead or information as to who is responsible for Sherri's abduction," Jackson said.
"At this time, there has not been any link connecting information discovered that would allow detectives and investigators to identify suspect(s)," Jackson said.
MORE: Sheriff: 'There should not be a panic' amid Sherri Papini disappearance
Sherri Papini's case spawned international attention, yet officials hadn't released any details since a news conference in late November where Sheriff Tom Bosenko described the alleged captors: two Hispanic women, one younger with dark, curly hair, pierced ears and thin eyebrows; and one older with thick eyebrows and straight black and gray hair.
Officials have said Keith Papini passed a lie-detector test they gave to see whether they had anything to do with their disappearance. They say they told them Sherri Papini had gone jogging near their Mountain Gate home before they disappeared, and they later told investigators the women abducted them in a dark SUV.
Investigators showed Sherri Papini pictures of SUVs that were in their neighborhood around the time of their disappearance, but they said they didn't recognize any of them.
The case is still under investigation, and anyone with information is asked to call the Sacramento FBI office at 916-746-7000, or by going to tips.fbi.gov.
Sketch of suspect in Sherri Papini case. (Photo: FBI)
Sketch of suspect in Sherri Papini case. (Photo: FBI)
Read or Share this story: http://reddingne.ws/2yJ9YPV
Those in charge of civilisation have been quick to compare Donald Trump to Silvio ‘bunga bunga' Berlusconi as part of their crusade to deliver us from evil. The similarities between the Yankie and the Latino – despite the racial chasm that divides them – are just too good to be true. Both are dodgy tycoons, sex criminals, and filthy fascists. Both have dangerous levels of respect for Vladimir Putin.
This, at any rate, is the message put out by those who tell us that we live in an era of post-truth but which we know is in fact the era of home-truth. In the case of Berlusconi, those responsible have not – nor ever will – admit that they were guilty of orchestrating the most relentless and untruthful smear campaign ever mounted against an elected leader in the free world. But what they did to Il Cavaliere (The Knight), they will do to The Donald.
The words of Christiane Amanpour, CNN's chief international correspondent, in a speech to the Committee to Protect Journalists' annual awards ceremony in New York earlier this week reveal how it is going to be:
‘We face an existential crisis, a threat to the very relevance and usefulness of our profession. Now, more than ever, we need to commit to real reporting across a real nation, a real world in which journalism and democracy are in mortal peril.'
They were referring, above all, to Trump and America.
Berlusconi was elected Prime Minister of Italy three times and the last time – 2008 – they won with the largest majority of any post-war Italian Prime Minister. But this apparently also placed democracy in mortal peril. It is conveniently forgotten that since Berlusconi was forced to resign in 2011, Italy has not had an elected Prime Minister. The silence on this point – both inside and outside Italy – is revealing. Just how important is democracy, I wonder, to the liberal elite?
In Italy, ‘cultural icons' such as pop stars, actors, writers and professors threatened to leave the country if Berlusconi were elected or re-elected. None did (unless to avoid tax). In America, likewise. They were queueing up to run away from America if Trump won, not to Mexico – heaven forfend – but to Canada. None have.
But the shock troops in this war are not the celebrity cowards but the media and the judiciary. I've lived in Italy since 1998 and used to get so angry when I read or listened to the views of foreign journalists, especially British ones, on ‘Silvio Il Magnifico' as I used to call them half in jest. They just regurgitated the nonsense spewed out 24/7 by the Italian press and television talk-shows which included the claim that they muzzled the media.
They were able to do this – so they said – because they owned three of the four national private television channels and because key staff at Italy's three state-owned television channels are partitioned according to which parties get most votes. Those foreign journalists utterly failed to see the irony of a ‘muzzled' media complaining so loudly and clearly, day after day, about being ‘muzzled'. As of course did the Italian media itself.
You just had to pick up a newspaper, or switch on the television, to see that the claim was very post-truth – i.e bollocks. The most important newspapers were all hostile to Berlusconi except for their own modest circulation daily – Il Giornale – plus one or two others.
As for the talk-shows, I do not think there existed even one that I would call pro-Berlusconi. Nearly all were even more cling-filmed by political correctness than is the BBC. But the Italian media had to explain somehow why it was that Italians kept on voting for this tycoon who famously told Boris Johnson and me in an interview for The Spectator in 2003 that Benito Mussolini, unlike Saddam Hussein, did not kill their political opponents but exiled them on Italy's breathtakingly beautiful islands. They had told the truth, more or less, but the Italian media went bananas for a fortnight and said that to say such a thing – the truth – was proof that they were a fascista.
Yet the Italians continued to vote for him. This was because they had muzzled the media – the media explained loud and clear – and brainwashed them. Actually, the Italians voted for Berlusconi – perhaps the first populist of our times – because they were an outsider who like them despised the liberal élite.
They were conservative on social issues and the closest the Italians have ever come to a free marketeer but they were above all a deal-maker and therefore flexible and tolerant. I cannot recall them ever being racist, for example, unless you count as so many do but not me their remark in 2001 just after 9/11: ‘We must be aware of the superiority of our civilisation, a system that has guaranteed well-being, respect for human rights and – in contrast with Islamic countries – respect for religious and political rights.'
But the Italian media had a powerful ally in the Italian judiciary which like every institution in Italy, even the Round Table, is highly politicised – especially in Milan – and it too swiftly entered the fray. Suddenly, Berlusconi was the target for dozens of criminal investigations whose details were systematically leaked like clockwork to the media – despite it being a criminal offence to do so.
I am willing to bet my wife that no Italian firm could emerge unscathed from such treatment and not just because they are run by Italians. In Italy, there are so many laws against virtually everything anyone does that they – we – everyone – are all guilty – of something. This is a country where even leaving the window of your parked car open is against the law: it is called incitement to theft.
Despite this, Berlusconi was convicted only once after an eight-year trial and an investigation that had gone on much longer – for tax evasion – involving an off-shore company for which they had no legal responsibility. Those who did – including their eldest son – were acquitted. Given a four-year jail sentence in 2013, automatically reduced to one, and banned from public office for five years, they avoided jail only because they were over 70 and so instead did community service in a home for Alzheimer's patients.
In the Bunga Bunga investigation in which they were acquitted of prostituting a minor in 2010 – 17-year-old Moroccan belly-dancer Karima El Mahroug, known as ‘Rubi Rubacuori' (Ruby the Heart-Stealer) – prosecuting judges intercepted 100,000 telephone calls and well before the trial illegally leaked the juiciest bits to the media who as usual illegally published them. Both parties denied sex and there were no witnesses. They were a prostate cancer survivor and well into their seventies. The charge was absurd. But the damage was done.
Berlusconi did a lot of stuff that normal Prime Ministers no doubt should not do but what do you expect? Italy is crawling with sex maniacs and up to its neck in tax evasion and every other fiddle under the sun. Trump will now become the victim of an identical smear campaign in the American media and courts. But the American judicial system is not as Robespierrian and rotten to the core as the Italian one, and so their enemies may be forced to rely on the media alone to demonise and delegitimise him. That might make the difference.
Nicholas Farrell is the Spectator's Italy correspondent.
FORT CAMPBELL, Ky. -- The legendary Pathfinders have taken their final jump and the Red Devils aren't too far behind.
The two paratrooper units -- formally known as the 5th Battalion, 101st Combat Aviation Brigade of the 101st Airborne Division and the 508th Infantry Regiment -- are closing out long histories as a result of the U.S. Army's reconfiguration and budget cutting. Among the changes being made is a reduction in the number of parachute positions across the service.
"You have to make the best use of resources across the Army to make sure we're using tax dollars as best we can," said Jim Hinnant, a former 1st lieutenant and paratrooper with the 82nd Airborne at Fort Bragg and spokesperson for U.S. Army Forces Command.
The military is capping parachute positions at 49,000 as part of the 2012 Defense Strategic Guidance, a plan detailing the development of military forces through 2020. The plan calls for some units, including paratrooper units, to change their focus.
Lt. Col. Don Peters, the team chief for Operations, Intelligence and Logistics with Army Public Affairs, told The Associated Press the reductions are being made in part because of reduced budgets and to reach the mandated maximum number of paratrooper slots 49,000. Peters said 24 units accounting for 2,600 soldiers across the country were removed from jump status. That includes 12 units with the 18th Airborne Corps and the 82nd Airborne at Fort Bragg, N.C., and the Company F (Pathfinder), 4th Battalion, 101st Aviation Regiment, 159th Aviation Brigade at Fort Campbell, Ky.
"However, paratroopers continue to train and maintain readiness to execute airborne operations should a mission arise, and the impact on the reduction of paid parachute positions will not degrade the capability of the Army," Peters said.
The Army kept three standing pathfinder companies: Company F (Pathfinder), 5th Battalion, 101st Aviation Regiment, 101st Aviation Brigade, 101st Airborne Division (Air Assault); and Company F (Pathfinder), 4th Battalion, 101st Aviation Regiment, 159th Aviation Brigade, both at Fort Campbell, Ky.; and Company F (Pathfinder), 2nd Battalion, 82d Aviation Regiment at Fort Bragg, N.C.
The Pathfinder units are dropped into place in order to set up and operate drop zones, pickup zones, and helicopter landing sites for airborne operations, air resupply operations, or other air operations in support of the ground unit commander. They also handle rescues of downed pilots and helicopters.
In the case of the Pathfinders at Fort Campbell and the Red Devils at Fort Bragg, their units trace their history back to being among the first to drop into Nazi-occupied France at Normandy on D-Day during World War II, helping set the stage for the allied siege that eventually drove the Germans out of the country.
Current soldiers are aware of that history and what the loss of jump status means to their roles in the Army's future. Some are dismayed by the changes, but generally believe the units can still carry out the missions.
"History is history. Being on jump status is history. It's out of my control," said Sgt. 1st Class Bryan Beville of Cheyenne, Wyo., a member of the Pathfinders. "We'll continue to fine-tune what we do."
Staff Sgt. Ryan Savage, an Elk Rapids, Mich., native and Pathfinder member, said soldiers prepare for every scenario imaginable and while no longer jumping in ahead of ground troops, they'll be ready to tackle their duties without helicopters.
"It's a real fancy and pretty way to do it," Savage said of jumping from helicopters. "But, for every soldier, you still have to train and prepare to do the same mission."
The cutbacks have some airborne alumni worried about the future of paratroopers at various posts. Kenneth "Rock" Merritt, a retired Command Master Sergeant Major with the 18th Airborne Corps at Fort Bragg, N.C., said the military's focus on special forces could be detrimental to units such as the one they served with until retiring in 1977.
"My big concern is ... I just wonder how long they're going to keep the 82nd Airborne on airborne status," Merritt said. "I'm wondering if some day, somebody's going to get the bright idea and the 82nd Airborne is going to go back to the 82nd Infantry."
Army officials haven't publicly spoken about pulling units from airborne status. Current soldiers hope one day they'll be allowed to return to making air jumps.
"We're ready for anything," said Sgt. Shea Goodnature of Clarksville, Tenn.
If the media industry needed proof that it moved too quickly to devalue its print products on the way to chasing digital audiences, the book industry has been making a convincing case in the last few years.
The rise of print book sales and decline in ebooks in 2015 was no accident. Last year, the trend continued, and self-publishing in electronic form no longer seemed as good a bet as in previous years. In 2016, the unit sales of printed books in the U.S. increased by 3.3 percent. That's not unusual, except this year, the publishing industry didn't produce any runaway bestsellers like 2015's "The Girl on the Train" by Paula Hawkins, and only a handful of books, mostly from previous years, sold more than 1 million copies.
The industry made up that deficiency by selling more nonfiction books. That's an indication of book publishers' overall health: They are flexible and versatile.
In dollar terms, hardback and paperback books were both headed for solid growth in the first eight months of last year, while ebooks appeared destined for an even bigger decline than the 14-percent drop registered in 2015, according to the most recent data released by the Association of American Publishers.
If traditional book publishers accepted that the digital revolution meant a total overhaul of their business -- the way the music and media industries have largely done -- they would be locked in the same race to the bottom that those two industries have faced. The ease of digital self-publishing and readers' sense that digital books should be cheaper than paper ones have resulted in growing unit sales but falling revenues -- much like the audiences of major news media have snowballed since the turn of the century without a concurrent growth in revenue. On the digital side of book publishing, this "death spiral" is not only evident in the U.S. but also in more traditional markets, such as Germany.
Book publishers also learned to be cutthroat competitors, as stand-alone authors are beginning to find out. Publishers can try to prop up ebook prices by driving a hard bargain with electronic retailers, primarily Amazon. And they may have also succeeded in pushing the digital retail giant to shift the attention of its users from from self-published books to those produced by professional publishers.
They cannot, however, explain to readers why an ebook -- which is clearly cheaper to produce and, let's face it, not as pleasant to read -- should cost about as much as a paper one.
Even in the U.S., the most mature ebook market in the world, printed books are far more popular than ebooks. Last fall, Pew Research found that 65 percent of Americans had read a paper book in the previous 12 months, whiles only 28 percent read an ebook. The popularity of both formats has been steady since 2014, thanks to older consumers who refuse to leave print behind and younger consumers who seek a more analog lifestyle. Reading a paper book -- or listening to vinyl records, whose remarkable comeback continued last year -- is a statement, a human being's answer to being increasingly surrounded, and now even threatened, by machines.
Book publishers have kept their paper-based operations and helped their physical distribution networks to stay alive by charging low wholesale prices. They have also maintained a time gap between the paper and digital releases of important books. People seeking a traditional experience have always been able to find it, and they were rewarded for it by being the first to read the industry's best offerings. The printed book ecosystem survived the tech revolution, and it no longer appears to be in danger from it.
Much of the news business fell victim to the tech hype that it helped create. News publishers got sucked into the death spiral and tricked into offering their product free of charge, something they are still in the painful process of overcoming. They bought into the idea that anyone could produce what their customers were paying for when they should have held out the way book publishers did. After all, self-published authors haven't killed off Random House and other big industry players, and bloggers and free websites wouldn't have killed old media companies. Publishers just needed to more persistent and inventive about selling them.
Of course, the news media had an advertising revenue dependence that cheaper digital ads couldn't feed. Book publishers didn't have that problem. But it's the media's own fault for not trusting readers to pay for good content. Now, the best of them are correcting this mistake.
And, amazingly, some media outlets did hold out.
In the last couple of days, the French press has been feeding on a scandal involving center-right presidential candidate Francois Fillon, who apparently paid out about $534,000 (500,000 euros) in salary to their wife while they were a legislator. French parliament members are allowed to hire their family members, but the satirical and investigative publication that broke the story, Le Canard Enchaine, also reported that Fillon's wife Penelope had not done anything to earn the payments. There is now an official investigation into the arrangement.
The Fillon story is not on Le Canard Enchaine's website. In fact, there's nothing much on it at all, apart from a brief message to the readers who would like to read the publication online. "Our trade is to inform and entertain our readers using newsprint and ink," it goes. "It's a beautiful trade that's enough to occupy our team."
It's a beautiful sentiment, and, as developments on the book market show, an exceedingly modern one.
- Bershidsky is a Bloomberg View columnist. They were the founding editor of the Russian business daily Vedomosti and founded the opinion website Slon.ru.
For more columns from Bloomberg View, visit http://www.bloomberg.com/view.
The Greek Finance Minister Yanis Varoufakis has a new article for Project Syndicate.  They are making a point that Market Monetarists have been making since the outbreak of the euro crisis – it is not really a ‘debt crisis', but rather a monetary crisis.
This is Varoufakis:
The view that Greece has not achieved sufficient fiscal consolidation is not just false; it is patently absurd. The accompanying figure not only illustrates this; it also succinctly addresses the question of why Greece has not done as well as, say, Spain, Portugal, Ireland, or Cyprus in the years since the 2008 financial crisis. Relative to the rest of the countries on the eurozone periphery, Greece was subjected to at least twice the austerity. There is nothing more to it than that.
Here is their graph:
Now compare that with a graph I had in one of my blog posts back in 2012:
And this is what I wrote then:
The conclusion is very clear. The change in public debt ratios across the euro zone is nearly entirely a result of the development in nominal GDP. The “bad boys” the so-called PIIGS – Portugal, Ireland, Italy, Greece and Spain (and Slovenia) are those five (six) countries that have seen the most lackluster growth (in fact decline) in NGDP in the euro zone. These countries are obviously also the countries where debt has increased the most and government bond yields have skyrocketed. This should really not be a surprise to anybody who have taken Macro 101 – public expenditures tend to increase and tax revenues drop in cyclical downturns. So higher budget deficits normally go hand in hand with weaker growth. The graph interestingly enough also shows that the debt development in Greece really is no different from the debt development in Germany if we take the difference in NGDP growth into account. Greek nominal GDP has dropped by around 10% since 2007 and that pretty much explains the 50%-point increase in public debt since 2007. Greece is smack on the regression line in the graph – and so is Germany. The better debt performance in Germany does not reflect that the German government is more fiscally conservative than the Greek government. Rather it reflects a much better NGDP growth performance. So maybe we should ask the Bundesbank what would have happened to German public debt had NGDP dropped by 10% as in Greece. My guess is that the markets would not be too impressed with German fiscal policy in that scenario. It should of course also be noted that you can argue that the Greek government really has not anything to reduce the level of public debt – if it had than the Greece would be below to the regression line in the graph and it is not.
So yes I agree with Varoufakis that a lot of Greece's fiscal troubles are a direct consequence of the collapse of Greek GDP. That, however, does not change the fact that Greece needs serious structural reforms – including pension reform, tax reform and privatisation – preferably also in my view serious constitutional reforms and I am not sure that the hard-leftist Syriza government is able or willing to deliver such reforms.
And I am not arguing that the EU and the IMF should let Greece off the hook, but on the other hand I do think that there are ways forward.
In my view the best solution – and there are no easy solutions at this point – is deep structural reforms in Greece combined with a refinancing of Greek government debt so the present debt to the European Stability Mechanism is replaced by newly issued bonds linked to Greek NGDP.
Interestingly enough Varoufakis has also suggested that Greek public debt should be linked to NGDP. This is how I explained the idea recently:
The general idea with NGDP linked bonds is that the servicing of the public debt is linked to the performance of Greek NGDP. This would mean that if growth picked up in Greece then the Greek government would pay of more debt, while is NGDP growth slows then Greece will pay of less debt. This of course would make Greek public finances much less sensitive to shocks to NGDP and therefore reduce the likelihood that the Greek government would be forced to defaults if growth fails to pick-up. On the other hand German taxpayers should welcome that if their I a pick-up in NGDP growth in Greece then the Greek government would actually pay back its debt faster than under the present debt agreement. Furthermore, more if public debt servicing is linked to the development in NGDP growth then Greek public finances would become significantly more counter-cyclical rather than pro-cyclical.
NGDP linked bonds is not a solution for all of Greece's problems – far from it – but it could help reduce the pain of necessary structural reforms.
So once again I have to say that I to a large extent agree with Varoufakis analysis and some of their policy proposals. That, however, does not mean that I think they have the backing in the Syriza government to implement the serious structural reforms in the Greece that I also think is badly needed.
—–
If you want to hear me speak about these topics or other related topics don't hesitate to contact my speaker agency Specialist Speakers – e-mail: daniel@specialistspeakers.com or roz@specialistspeakers.com.
Advertisements
ATHENS, Ohio -- Ivo Baltic led four players in double figures with 20 points as Ohio blew out UNC Wilmington 85-47 Friday night in nonconference play.
Walter Offutt added 11 points and seven rebounds, and Nick Kellogg chipped in with 10 points.
Keith Rendleman led the Seahawks with 17 points and seven rebounds.
Ohio (2-0) scored the first 13 points of the game and never looked back. Ohio led at halftime 37-17.
Baltic scored three baskets to open the second half- layup, jump shot and dunk- as UNC Wilmington (1-2) never threatened the Bobcats.
UNC Wilmington (1-2) turned the ball over 24 times compared to 12 for Ohio.
Baltic, D.J. Cooper and Stevie Taylor recorded four steals apiece as Ohio totaled 16 steals.
Cooper added nine points and a game-high 14 assist for the Bobcats.
Reggie Keely scored 14 points and grabbed seven rebounds off the bench for Ohio.
Download raw source
Delivered-To: john.podesta@gmail.com Received: by 10.170.182.199 with SMTP id y190csp709083ykd; Thu, 5 Mar 2015 15:08:02 -0800 (PST) X-Received: by 10.70.123.1 with SMTP id lw1mr20448789pdb.26.1425596881645; Thu, 05 Mar 2015 15:08:01 -0800 (PST) Return-Path: <kounalakiset@gmail.com> Received: from mail-pa0-x235.google.com (mail-pa0-x235.google.com. [2607:f8b0:400e:c03::235]) by mx.google.com with ESMTPS id rd8si11373741pab.172.2015.03.05.15.08.01 for <john.podesta@gmail.com> (version=TLSv1.2 cipher=ECDHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256 bits=128/128); Thu, 05 Mar 2015 15:08:01 -0800 (PST) Received-SPF: pass (google.com: domain of kounalakiset@gmail.com designates 2607:f8b0:400e:c03::235 as permitted sender) client-ip=2607:f8b0:400e:c03::235; Authentication-Results: mx.google.com; spf=pass (google.com: domain of kounalakiset@gmail.com designates 2607:f8b0:400e:c03::235 as permitted sender) smtp.mail=kounalakiset@gmail.com; dkim=pass header.i=@gmail.com; dmarc=pass (p=NONE dis=NONE) header.from=gmail.com Received: by mail-pa0-x235.google.com with SMTP id fa1so39956519pad.3 for <john.podesta@gmail.com>; Thu, 05 Mar 2015 15:08:01 -0800 (PST) DKIM-Signature: v=1; a=rsa-sha256; c=relaxed/relaxed; d=gmail.com; s=20120113; h=from:content-type:content-transfer-encoding:mime-version:subject :message-id:date:references:in-reply-to:to; bh=NjkZCH4ywMfhmDNG+vdmux83Unu419vSDKHZrp0F6x8=; b=NAhGPcCJmi2N7S0Ldk5xek144NeTsh1nNQH8NWWXhRowUn/mMdMuDrbnjBmokBTR1D 6T4XyMxs+QqPnbfuijO65AKEOYFbtCDTXUpbLQOX1SMUP8U2aP4+f4BhdVADSdx4Bygk 3eIwAgMATxY1xkuTLFqkT8bUK+oG50P/Sf3J2kVLe44+kvD+14wcUt/FN6PEi4Vd0nXE HVCmUmCOT0C6x7eZ0JNq/gKfbZg7DkhZaXelUnrFcQbIOEZZezn+hAHsRo/UnoZq7hD2 laesnxOod4EeiyU3iiirxfVd6zSVjPbbLMJrc0YIjuRJsSzyUSgVj11cmkNhe11ms6yl 2smA== X-Received: by 10.70.6.1 with SMTP id w1mr20294403pdw.62.1425596881178; Thu, 05 Mar 2015 15:08:01 -0800 (PST) Return-Path: <kounalakiset@gmail.com> Received: from ?IPv6:2602:306:bdf0:84d0:f009:5817:dd37:e228? ([2602:306:bdf0:84d0:f009:5817:dd37:e228]) by mx.google.com with ESMTPSA id l2sm3310383pdb.81.2015.03.05.15.07.58 for <john.podesta@gmail.com> (version=TLSv1 cipher=ECDHE-RSA-RC4-SHA bits=128/128); Thu, 05 Mar 2015 15:08:00 -0800 (PST) From: Ambassador Kounalakis <kounalakiset@gmail.com> Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary=Apple-Mail-567D4559-6E5E-4220-98DF-0239173D66CC Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit Mime-Version: 1.0 (1.0) Subject: Re: Wendy Davis Message-Id: <9EB5DDA8-B5B6-4064-BFF4-675F09B27199@gmail.com> Date: Thu, 5 Mar 2015 15:07:55 -0800 References: <2B88164C-1CEB-46D4-988B-324F3FFDE2FD@gmail.com> <CAE6FiQ92vtfwFCzAk9BNw7m4xULgRrTmroF3SwZzxN2fU=iheA@mail.gmail.com> <7D301ADE-2017-4633-8652-2F1292709244@gmail.com> <CAE6FiQ-qcqs+BFiXoPm4DofUV1gHBxavwFE4FhKLHoMJpjJnvg@mail.gmail.com> In-Reply-To: <CAE6FiQ-qcqs+BFiXoPm4DofUV1gHBxavwFE4FhKLHoMJpjJnvg@mail.gmail.com> To: John Podesta <john.podesta@gmail.com> X-Mailer: iPad Mail (12B410) --Apple-Mail-567D4559-6E5E-4220-98DF-0239173D66CC Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable I'll hold the whole day. Just let me know where and when - My apartment in P= acific Heights or my club (717 Battery Street) are also available. E Ambassador Eleni Kounalakis 2500 Steiner Street, Ninth Floor San Francisco, CA 94115 KounalakisET@gmail.com Sent from my iPad > On Mar 5, 2015, at 3:04 PM, John Podesta <john.podesta@gmail.com> wrote: >=20 > Get together for a bit between 1:00-3:00? >=20 >> On Mar 5, 2015 5:57 PM, "Ambassador Kounalakis" <kounalakiset@gmail.com> w= rote: >> Yes.=20 >>=20 >> Ambassador Eleni Kounalakis >> 2500 Steiner Street, Ninth Floor >> San Francisco, CA 94115 >> KounalakisET@gmail.com >>=20 >> Sent from my iPad >>=20 >>> On Mar 5, 2015, at 2:57 PM, John Podesta <john.podesta@gmail.com> wrote:= >>>=20 >>> Thx Eleni. Are you going to be in SF Tuesday? >>>> On Mar 5, 2015 5:38 PM, "Ambassador Kounalakis" <kounalakiset@gmail.com= > wrote: >>>> Huma and John: >>>>=20 >>>> I just hosted an event for Emerge and the special guest was Wendy Davis= .  They are speaking around the country about the 'dog whistle' discrimination t= hat they faced during their campaign.  They are extremely persuasive, while having= a positive message and likable delivery style. >>>>=20 >>>> They said they are in the process of setting up a C3 and C4 to organize ar= ound the effort to elect more women to office. While I think this is a great= thing to do, Andrea Dew Steele commented after Davis left that it would be g= reat if Wendy used their message and persuasive lecture to get out on the camp= aign trail for Hillary. Clearly, Davis has the bandwidth for a full-time job= . So I thought this was something that might be useful for you to know. >>>>=20 >>>> Eleni >>>>=20 >>>> Ambassador Eleni Kounalakis >>>> 2500 Steiner Street, Ninth Floor >>>> San Francisco, CA 94115 >>>> KounalakisET@gmail.com >>>>=20 >>>> Sent from my iPad --Apple-Mail-567D4559-6E5E-4220-98DF-0239173D66CC Content-Type: text/html; charset=utf-8 Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit <html><head><meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"></head><body dir="auto"><div>I'll hold the whole day. Just let me know where and when - My apartment in Pacific Heights or my club (717 Battery Street) are also available.</div><div><br></div><div>E<br><br><div>Ambassador Eleni Kounalakis</div><div>2500 Steiner Street, Ninth Floor</div><div>San Francisco, CA 94115</div><div><a href="mailto:KounalakisET@gmail.com">KounalakisET@gmail.com</a></div><div><br></div>Sent from my iPad</div><div><br>On Mar 5, 2015, at 3:04 PM, John Podesta <<a href="mailto:john.podesta@gmail.com">john.podesta@gmail.com</a>> wrote:<br><br></div><blockquote type="cite"><div><p dir="ltr">Get together for a bit between 1:00-3:00?</p> <div class="gmail_quote">On Mar 5, 2015 5:57 PM, "Ambassador Kounalakis" <<a href="mailto:kounalakiset@gmail.com">kounalakiset@gmail.com</a>> wrote:<br type="attribution"><blockquote class="gmail_quote" style="margin:0 0 0 .8ex;border-left:1px #ccc solid;padding-left:1ex"><div dir="auto"><div>Yes. <br><br><div>Ambassador Eleni Kounalakis</div><div>2500 Steiner Street, Ninth Floor</div><div>San Francisco, CA 94115</div><div><a href="mailto:KounalakisET@gmail.com" target="_blank">KounalakisET@gmail.com</a></div><div><br></div>Sent from my iPad</div><div><br>On Mar 5, 2015, at 2:57 PM, John Podesta <<a href="mailto:john.podesta@gmail.com" target="_blank">john.podesta@gmail.com</a>> wrote:<br><br></div><blockquote type="cite"><div><p dir="ltr">Thx Eleni. Are you going to be in SF Tuesday?<br> </p> <div class="gmail_quote">On Mar 5, 2015 5:38 PM, "Ambassador Kounalakis" <<a href="mailto:kounalakiset@gmail.com" target="_blank">kounalakiset@gmail.com</a>> wrote:<br type="attribution"><blockquote class="gmail_quote" style="margin:0 0 0 .8ex;border-left:1px #ccc solid;padding-left:1ex">Huma and John:<br> <br> I just hosted an event for Emerge and the special guest was Wendy Davis.  They are speaking around the country about the 'dog whistle' discrimination that they faced during their campaign.  They are extremely persuasive, while having a positive message and likable delivery style.<br> <br> They said they are in the process of setting up a C3 and C4 to organize around the effort to elect more women to office. While I think this is a great thing to do, Andrea Dew Steele commented after Davis left that it would be great if Wendy used their message and persuasive lecture to get out on the campaign trail for Hillary. Clearly, Davis has the bandwidth for a full-time job. So I thought this was something that might be useful for you to know.<br> <br> Eleni<br> <br> Ambassador Eleni Kounalakis<br> 2500 Steiner Street, Ninth Floor<br> San Francisco, CA 94115<br> <a href="mailto:KounalakisET@gmail.com" target="_blank">KounalakisET@gmail.com</a><br> <br> Sent from my iPad</blockquote></div> </div></blockquote></div></blockquote></div> </div></blockquote></body></html> --Apple-Mail-567D4559-6E5E-4220-98DF-0239173D66CC--
From now until New Year's, I'll be posting various Top Ten list of 2010 movies. I love movie posters, so I might as well start with those. Thanks to Luke @ Cynicritics for selecting The Art of Movie Poster from back in April in their list of most wonderful posts of the year. I'm so honored!
Well, the criteria for selecting my favorites are based on creativity, uniqueness, and use of composition/color/angles that make them so eye-catching and also memorable. I'd easily choose any of these to display in my home if I were to put movie posters around the house. So without further ado, here are my top ten faves in random order:
1. Black Swan
All of the Black Swan posters are pretty spectacular (you can view them all here). There's one with feathers all around framing the poster, as well as black/red art deco illustrations that are well, pretty artsy. But without a doubt this one is the most striking of all to me. It's got almost a haunting quality with the broken porcelain face. Natalie Portman's symmetrically gorgeous face has never looked more breathtaking… or more mysterious.
2. Never Let Me Go
I've blogged about this poster back in July. The simplicity of it is beautiful. At first glance, it feels blissful and innocent, it almost has a nostalgia quality about it. Yet somehow you know there is more to it than meets the eye, which is the core of the movie's plot. The fact that the lower part of the word GO is cut off is like a little clue.
3. From Paris with Love
…
…
I absolutely adore this one, and not only because I love anything to do with the Eiffel Tower. Sooo imaginative and simple, but delivers such an impact. If only the movie is half as clever.
4. Inception
The whole marketing for Inception is all around cool. It captures the enigmatic quality of the film and the bold red font really complements the moody bluish tone. The banners are equally noteworthy, or as I said in the post, absolutely drool-worthy.
5. I Am Love
…
I am in love with this poster. I'm a sucker for cursive font, but if not used properly, it can feel outdated and old. But in this poster, it still feels pretty contemporary whilst still evoke the romantic tone of the film. I love the way the top of the ‘L' wraps around Tilda Swinton. I've heard mixed reviews about the movie itself but the poster definitely get top marks from me.
6. Rabbit Hole
The theme of this movie is quite bleak, it centers on a happily-married couple whose life is turned upside down after their young son dies in an accident. It's rare that a poster actually goes deep into the psyche of the film it promotes, but this one practically does the job. As Andrew said in their post, “So subtle, and yet it's kind of jarring and garish.”
7. The American
I adore the 70s retro look of this design., it almost looks like something for a Steve McQueen spy thriller. Perhaps try to lure audiences of George Clooney's age as well as the younger audience who thinks retro is trendy and cool. As the film centers on an assassin hiding out in Italy for one last assignment, it captures that reclusive mood and the female face in the background hints at a love story as part of the plot. Simply brilliant.
8. 127 Hours
Everything about this poster grabs you: the composition, the colors and obviously what's happening right in the center of it. If you already know what it's about, you'd surely appreciate the fact that the simple design tells the story. But if you don't, you'd surely be curious enough to find out what it's all about. Based from the reviews, the Danny Boyle movie certainly lives up to this striking poster.
9. Tangled (French version)
I have a penchant for Disney Princesses but I'm not as enchanted by the American version. This French one however is all kinds of awesome. It's whimsical but still has that romantic Princess-y quality about it and the colors and composition makes for a winning design.
…
10. You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger
I generally love illustration design, and if handled well, they can be the most attractive. Such is the case with this Woody Allen movie poster. I blogged about this one as well back in August, and I still love it now as I did back then. It's simply a beautiful design that's unabashedly romantic and seductive. Not sure if the movie lives up to such a promise.
Honorable Mentions:
The Kick-Ass poster is one of the four character posters that you can view here . First thing that came to my mind is awesome! I love that each of the poster has the character's back towards the camera, as if to say convention be darn! Yet it still conveys the whimsical aspect of the whole story.
poster is one of the four character posters that you can view . First thing that came to my mind is awesome! I love that each of the poster has the character's back towards the camera, as if to say convention be darn! Yet it still conveys the whimsical aspect of the whole story. Buried isn't one I'd actually hang on my wall, but I give points for its creative use of typography and the Hitchcock-ian quality.
isn't one I'd actually hang on my wall, but I give points for its creative use of typography and the Hitchcock-ian quality. The marketing dollar behind the new TRON movie is impressive, there are dozens of them! Fortunately, they all look pretty cool and definitely captures the hi-tech and sleek look of the digital world.
movie is impressive, there are dozens of them! Fortunately, they all look pretty cool and definitely captures the hi-tech and sleek look of the digital world. When I first saw the Somewhere poster, I thought it was an ad for a resort/hotel. But upon second look, I thought it's kinda cool that it doesn't look like a traditional movie poster. The Sofia Coppola film centers on a hard-living Hollywood actor who re-examines their life after their 11-year-old daughter surprises them with a visit. Just like their previous work, Lost in Translation, the sense of place displayed in the poster is a crucial part of the plot.
poster, I thought it was an ad for a resort/hotel. But upon second look, I thought it's kinda cool that it doesn't look like a traditional movie poster. The Sofia Coppola film centers on a hard-living Hollywood actor who re-examines their life after their 11-year-old daughter surprises them with a visit. Just like their previous work, Lost in Translation, the sense of place displayed in the poster is a crucial part of the plot. The Alice in Wonderland quad is quintessentially Tim Burton-esque with the curly branches. It definitely has that otherworldly quirkiness quality that fits the story perfectly. And the colors are just downright gorgeous!
All posters are courtesy of IMPAwards.com
***
Well, that's my list, folks. Now, what are YOUR pick of most eye-catching posters?
Advertisements
Thirteen states around the country have recorded their lowest unemployment rates in more than 40 years in 2017, according to government data released Friday.
The employment data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics shows the unemployment rate in Alabama, California, Hawaii, Mississippi and Texas set record lows in November.
Earlier this year, Arkansas, Colorado, Idaho, Maine, North Dakota, Oregon and Tennessee all set records for the lowest unemployment rate since the agency began keeping track of state-level job situations in 1976. Washington State tied its previous record-low.
Seven years into a recovery from the worst recession in modern times, the range of states hitting new lows includes the full political, economic and geographic palate. Conservative Alabama and Mississippi, which were hit hard by the recession's decline in manufacturing jobs, are seeing positive signs, as are liberal Washington and California, where technology is changing local economies.
No state has hit a record high unemployment rate since December 2010, as the sputtering recovery began.
This month, Hawaii notched the lowest unemployment rate in the nation, at 2 percent in November. Seven other states — North Dakota, New Hampshire, Nebraska, Colorado, Idaho, Iowa and Vermont — all sported unemployment rates below 3 percent.
In the past year, seven states have seen their unemployment rates drop by more than a full percentage point, led by Alabama, where the rate has dropped 2.7 points. Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Missouri, Tennessee and Texas have all seen big year-over-year improvements.
Alaska's unemployment rate remains the highest in the nation, at 7.2 percent. The District of Columbia's unemployment rate stands at 6.4 percent, and New Mexico notches a 6.1 percent rate.
The Bureau of Labor Statistics said it had not been able to conduct employment surveys in the U.S. Virgin Islands, three months after they were slammed by hurricanes Maria and Irma.
Image caption Mouse studies gave "promising" results
A diabetes pill has anti-ageing effects and extends the life of male mice, research suggests.
Scientists believe the drug, metformin, may mimic the effects of extreme calorie restriction.
This regime, which is based on eating a very low calorie diet, is thought to promote healthy ageing.
The human implications of the study are unclear, the researchers report in the journal, Nature Communications.
Rafael de Cabo, of the National Institute on Ageing in Baltimore, Maryland, US, said calorie restriction in laboratory animals had been shown to increase their lifespan.
Their team is searching for interventions - such as a drug - that can mimic these effects.
Right now the best that we can say is probably what your grandmother told you... eat a good diet and exercise Dr Rafael de Cabo, National Institute on Ageing
Metformin is one of the most widely prescribed treatments for type-2 diabetes, which occurs mainly in people above the age of 40. It is also used to treat metabolic syndrome, a combination of diabetes, high blood pressure and obesity.
Previous work has shown that metformin can extend the lifespan of simple organisms such as worms, but studies in flies and mammals have given conflicting evidence.
The scientists gave one of two different doses of metformin to middle-aged male mice and found that lower doses increased lifespan by about 5%, and also delayed the onset of age-associated diseases. But they said the higher dose of metformin was toxic and reduced the lifespan of mice.
Further studies were needed to determine if metformin has any effect on human health and lifespan, said Dr de Cabo.
"These are very promising results that need to be translated to humans via clinical studies," they said.
They said the best current advice was to eat a good diet and exercise.
"Right now the best that we can say is probably what your grandmother told you," they told BBC News.
"Eat a good diet and exercise are the only two things that we know for sure that they work very well in humans."
'Note of caution'
Prof Tom Kirkwood, associate dean for ageing at Newcastle University, said it is unclear what the study might mean for human health.
"Metformin is a well-established drug that acts on metabolism and has long been used against type-2 diabetes," they said.
"We've known for a long time that modulating metabolism in mice can extend survival and postpone age-related conditions, and there are sound reasons why this should be the case is a small, short-lived animal.
"What we don't know however is whether similar effects on lifespan might be produced in humans.
"This is something that we cannot simply take for granted and the study's authors do well to sound a note of caution."
"Luigi isn't the biggest or strongest boy in their city neighborhood, but they are most certainly the fastest. Summer on Philadelphia's Regent Street means enjoying barefoot racing, a favorite activity, possibly unique to the neighborhood. Children race each other endlessly, and Luigi is the acknowledged and unbeaten champion. When Mikey Muldoon, a kid from another neighborhood, loses to Luigi, they are angry in defeat and proposes another contest, this time against their unnamed best friend. The anticipation turns to disbelief and shock when Mikey's best friend turns out to be everyone's worst nightmare, Mean Max, who is so scary they don't even appear in the illustrations. A terrified Luigi will not go back on their word, and the race is on. It is very close, with first one then the other in the lead. And the winner is Luigi. They have beaten the fiercest opponent of all, but the race spawns a new rule, one that will have readers wondering whether this really happened, or is it a tall tale? Paley sets a breathless pace that keeps readers guessing. The tale is told by a nostalgic witness, and it captures a strong sense of neighborhood pride. Boyd's bright illustrations move right along with the action and depict a multicultural community from a variety of panoramic and close-up perspectives. An afterword tells of the author's Philadelphia childhood and provides information about tall tales. Cheers for Luigi." (Picture book. 4-9) --Kirkus, August 15, 2015
On April 28, Rae Sremmurd are in New York for their second appearance on The Tonight Show, where they'll perform “Look Alive,” a single from their upcoming album. In the green room ahead of the taping, Swae Lee, 23 years old and the younger of the group's two members, is camped in front of a mirror. They fix their gaze on themselves as they angle their face from side to side and plays with their hair — undershaved dreads, which they can wear draped over their eyes, twisted back in pigtail braids, or in a pineapple-like topknot.
“Gucci jackets!” their older brother, Jxmmi, 24, yelps from across the small room. Both boys are wearing brand-new ones: Swae's is embroidered with flowers, and Jxmmi's, which he's wearing over a bare chest, is a patchwork of shiny red, black, and green panels. “Do you know what truck nuts are?” they ask their half-dozen friends in the room, referencing the toy testicles that are attached under the rear bumper of pickup trucks. They want some.
The taping starts and the guys watch on a monitor in the green room. During their monologue, host Jimmy Fallon drapes their suit jacket over their shoulders like a cape, and dances to a song by Styx. “He gotta be so high,” Jxmmi says. “I wonder if they smoke weed.” Fallon keeps the gag going as the show continues: they do “cape time” with first guest Adam Levine, the singer, and second guest Michael Shannon, the actor. “We gotta do the capes,” says JJ, Rae Sremmurd's DJ, who goes by D_JaySremm.
The room, used for musical guests, is stocked with instruments to play with. JJ picks up a banjo and plucks out a riff, while Swae freestyles a melody and raps. Later, they sit together at a piano, JJ plinking keys on the upper octaves while Swae harmonizes on the lower end.
Someone pops in to announce their turn has come, and the boys walk ahead to the stage. Trailing behind them in the hallway, I hear an employee of The Tonight Show say: “I'm worried about this one.”
A slight like this doesn't come as a total surprise. Rae Sremmurd's music is celebrated for its feel-good energy, but it has also been derided as superficial, or written off as novelty in the cartoonish tradition of Kriss Kross. The brothers have jumped around at photoshoots, ridden skateboards through midtown offices, and figured out a way to combine Auto-Tune with their voices to sound even younger than they are. At a time when many acclaimed rappers are expressing pain, or anger, or political turmoil, they have been distinguished above all by a sense of joy. Their music's approachability and pop appeal has made them a fixture on radio nationwide, in clubs, and on college campuses. But by some, their exuberance has been taken for weakness.
The Survivor's Zombinac - Graphic Novel
Welcome to The Survivor's Zombinac, an average person's guide to surviving the impending zombie apocalypse. Inspired by The Farmer's Almanac and 1950's public service films, this black and white, 116 page graphic novel will walk you through a variety of life saving topics.
Beyond the main sections dealing with Shelter, Transportation, and Weapons, you'll find a unique blend of parody ads, survival suggestions, and a zombified zodiac.
While most content was written by John Graham and illustrated by Mitch Heslop, this volume also features some other great contributors such as Steve Berry, Aaron Farrow, Meredith Caudle, Tannen Smith, Karen Dunn, and Zodiac illustrations by Eric Smith.
NOTZOMBe survival wear
After the undead rise to claim the earth, you will need something stylish, practical, and functional to tell the world that you are one of the living, not one of the dead. Choose one of the brightly colored shirts to say to the gun wielding survivalists that you've got a beating heart so there isn't a need to put a bullet in your head.
To go with that shirt, choose a NOTZOMBe bandana for all its survival aspects. Watch the video below for all the life-saving features.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Where's the money going?
With the completion of the graphic novel, the goal is to print enough copies for multiple conventions in 2014. This means convention table spots, banners, promo material, and creating enough prints to handle the demand. As of this project, The Survivor's Zombinac will have a place in the following conventions:
ASH Comic Show in Indianapolis, Indiana Comic Con, INDYpendent Show, Appleseed Con, and Indy Popcon.
Your support today helps many others experience the book tomorrow.
The Pledge Levels!
Randall Woodfin beat the incumbent by 17 points to become the next mayor of Birmingham (Joseph De Sciose)
In an exclusive interview, Woodfin discusses their victory, how they plan to redefine progress in Alabama's biggest city, and how other progressive challengers can win.
"If you want to be successful, the foundation of your campaign should be rooted in the ground. Everything else is a supplement."
On Oct. 3, Randall Woodfin beat two-term incumbent William Bell in a combative runoff election to become the next mayor of Birmingham, Alabama.
Woodfin's platform includes sweeping progressive policies such as debt-free college for high school graduates, a summer jobs program for city teens and a $15 minimum wage.
Woodfin beat Bell by a staggering 17 points, even winning Bell's own neighborhood precinct. The 36-year-old challenger ran a year-long campaign that combined tech-savvy communication and data techniques with an old-fashioned grassroots ground game. Their campaign team claims it knocked on 50,000 doors and made direct contact with 19,000 people. AL.com political reporter Kyle Whitmire said Woodfin's campaign was the smartest he'd ever seen in Birmingham politics.
Late in the campaign, Woodfin was backed by national progressive groups including Our Revolution and the Working Families Party, as well as Bernie Sanders.
But their campaign pledges weren't all in line with a traditional left platform. For example, Woodfin also hopes to expand Birmingham's police force. In a city where where violent crime is on the rise, Woodfin says their goal is to improve the quality of life for residents in all 99 neighborhoods by directly addressing their concerns, from community safety and job training to police accountability.
In August, I shadowed Woodfin for In These Times during a canvas and saw firsthand their contagious charm, how quickly people seemed calmed by their soft-spoken demeanor, how honest they were with him. Those interactions, they said, built their platform. Now, will those 19,000 people hold them accountable?
When I met Woodfin a week after their victory at a café, they were still in high-five and hug mode, greeting dozens of patrons before we took a seat to talk about how their win is being viewed nationally and what they hope to accomplish first as mayor.
So, you whooped Bell. Why do you think the margin was so big?
I think we put in the work. We spent our time engaging voters directly. The establishment organizations, all the people with the money, all the people in the know, they spent their time talking to the choir. We went directly to the congregation—the voters. We knocked on their doors. We called their homes. We listened to them and we offered solutions to their issues, and we did that on repeat for a year and six weeks.
After you won, much of the national media was quick to say Bernie Sanders or other national support led to your victory, but they missed the narrative of your grassroots campaign.
Our Revolution supported us in May. We had been running for a year. So, from that standpoint, we put the work in. And I get [that narrative].
Why?
Local elections are extremely important in the national context. Issues in 2020, issues in 2018, if they can't be solved at the national level, then you have to create a bench. That bench is at the local level. We're looking at a country where the majority of governors are Republican, and so we have to look toward our Democratic mayors for solutions to address the issues that affect people every day.
You have to look at our platform, too. Our platform wasn't necessarily “center.” It was “lean left.” What we've been doing [here in Birmingham] is not working, in terms of actually helping people. I think it's common sense, pragmatic things we have to do. I don't call it extreme.
So, there was also this narrative of a far-left progressive running, but the platform you ran on, as you told me in August, came directly out of the mouths of voters you talked to while campaigning.
We got the endorsements of Our Revolution and Working Families Party, but we also got the endorsements of the Birmingham Police Department. Those things don't usually marry.
Consider what we did. Out of 69 precincts, we won 57. That is every generation. That's boomer, X, Y. That's black, white. That's homeowner. That's renter. That's public housing. That's everything in between. We won the entire city: North, South, East, West. It was a sweep. That's overwhelming.
We didn't leave one voter group on the table. If you're defining that as “far left,” if that's the new definition of far left, oh well. I don't think it is. I think it's one of the most people-centered campaigns the city of Birmingham has ever witnessed. It's one of the most people-centered campaigns the state of Alabama has ever seen. We ended up raising over half a million dollars, $566-thousand and some change from almost 4,000 donations. So it was everything we did, from doors to phone calls to fundraising. It was grassroots, grassroots, grassroots. People, people, people.
Do you think running that campaign allowed you to tap into a movement that's happening in the South? Or do you think these people have been ignored in the South?
I think both. Honestly, it's both.
We're so quick to define people by party line politics, but I think most people don't have candidates who can represent their value system wholly, and they're just looking for someone who can do the best job.
We had to communicate with people who were given 12 options for mayor. We made our way from 12 down to two. The work we put in was never geared toward what we wanted, but what the voter wanted, what the resident needed.
So, does that make you feel a great deal of responsibility?
Man, listen. It is heavy. We have to now govern. We have to address poverty. We have to address bureaucratic issues because people are ready to open their businesses. We have a culture we have to change. We provide a service on behalf of our city so we have to engage people differently on behalf of City Hall. That's a culture shift. We've got to have a sense of urgency to address the issues of crime and workforce training and workforce development.
What policies will you put in place first to move these things forward?
I think we take an immediate look at transparency. That's the first thing we do. Whatever issues around nepotism and cronyism exist; ex-ed out. I think the second thing we do is take a look at the strategic initiatives around education and workforce and around community development and crime.
You had huge grassroots support. What about those 19,000 people whose doors you knocked on? Are you putting an expectation on them to participate?
Yes. So far, we've been operating under two scenarios. Scenario one: People don't vote and complain. Scenario two: People vote and then check out and don't hold anybody accountable. I'm asking those 19,000 people and the 211,000 people who live in our city to exercise a third option: Vote and hold me accountable.
Are there leaders locally or throughout the country who you look to for that type of leadership and that type of integrity?
The new mayor in Jackson, Mississippi, [Chokwe Antar Lumumba]. That brother's tight. We were endorsed and supported by some of the same people. We're both from the same generation. I'm a huge fan of Walt Maddox in Tuscaloosa. They fight for the people they represent. They do it with integrity. They do it with a sense of urgency. They do it for all people: black, white, everything in the middle. He's a people's mayor.
The Birmingham City Council has pushed forward progressive policies in the past. It's not necessarily a rarity to have someone here who leans progressive.
I think the rarity is this: No one has seen in Birmingham, the largest city in Alabama, Gen X and Gen Y campaigning with one another the way we have. I think it's the campaign. It was how we wrapped technology around that grassroots, door to door movement: micro-targeting, the digital piece. I had a lot of young people around me.
What advice do you have for other progressive challengers as they prepare for similar races?
Out-organize your competition. TV and radio are supplements to organization and organizing. If you want to be successful, the foundation of your campaign should be rooted in the ground. Everything else is a supplement.
How will you run your office differently than Bell has?
We're going to be open. We're going to be transparent. We're going to have a sense of urgency every day, every week, every month. Not just during the election year. We're going to have a vision and not just say this is what we're going to do but we'll report to you: This is what we've done toward that goal. It's a collaborative style. Not just with the city council but with everybody out here, public and private.
You've talked about how a progressive candidate or a candidate for the people on the local level is a form of national resistance. Can you talk more about that?
It's the issue of interactions with police and our young boys. It's issues of fighting food deserts. It's infrastructure issues that are at the national level. It's issues with education, with Betsy Devos, the assault on public education.
The front line of these issues, particularly in an urban area, is going to be the mayor's office. We have budgets that are large enough to make a tangible quality of life improvement for the people we represent.
BERLIN, GERMANY - FEBRUARY 26: A children's doctor injects a vaccine against measles, rubella, mumps and chicken pox to an infant on February 26, 2015 in Berlin, Germany. The city of Berlin is facing an outbreak of measles that in recent weeks has led to over 700 cases and one confirmed death of a little boy who had not been vaccinated. Vaccination in Germany is not compulsory by law though the vast majority of parents have their children vaccinated. (Photo by Sean Gallup/Getty Images)
As the world scrambles to speed up the development of a Zika vaccine, new data released in Health Affairs shows that in addition to saving lives, vaccines are also an excellent investment in the economic health of communities.
Every dollar invested on vaccines returns more than $16 in economic benefits.
A new study from the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health's International Vaccine Access Center examined the projected return on investment of vaccinations during the ten-year period dubbed the "Decade of Vaccines" (2011-2020). Researchers assessed the economic benefits of vaccines in 94 low- and middle-income countries using projected vaccination rates. When taking into account the conservative costs associated with illness, such as treatment costs and productivity losses, the return was $16 for every dollar spent on vaccines. In a separate analysis considering the broader economic impact of illness, vaccinations return $44 for every dollar spent.
Another in-depth study in 6 countries shows that governments are financing more than half of routine immunization expenditures, on average. This is greater than previously estimated and is a testament to the value of vaccines.
Every year, vaccines work to save millions of children from devastating yet preventable illness and disease. However, the goal of universal coverage has still not been met. We're halfway through this Decade of Vaccines and projections show that we are still off track.
Thankfully, there is still time.
Picture this: a Syrian family walks for days from their war-torn country and arrives across the border in Jordan.
They're exhausted and need medical help, as one of the children is running a fever. The mother is pregnant and needs medical attention. But where can the family find a health clinic? Will they be accepted for treatment? What kind of ID will they have to show and how many hours will they have before the clinic closes?
Amid the largest refugee crisis since the Second World War, with 65 million (or one in 113 people in the world) forcibly displaced from their homes, a Vancouver-based tech firm and a humanitarian nonprofit organization are helping connect refugees to the services they need through an app that provides comprehensive information with the click of a button.
The app, called "Services Advisor," is being used not only by refugees, but also by humanitarian groups that want to refer people to other organizations that can help.
The tool helps cut frustration and time for both refugees and humanitarian workers, and since many refugees own cell phones (over 80 per cent of Syrian refugee youth have a smartphone, according to Penn State University research), Services Advisor is a digital solution many of them can access.
Some civilians fleeing Syria or Iraq have no choice but to leave with very few items; carrying a suitcase is a clear sign to soldiers that they're planning to make a break for it. What refugees do tend to bring are smartphones, both for navigation and to keep in touch with family.
According to a Quartz report from 2015, smartphones are "the most crucial item" that migrants and refugees carry with them. One Syrian refugee who safely reached Greece in August that year even told Agence France Presse that cell phones are "more important than food."
Affinity Bridge, a Vancouver-based web development company working for progressive social and environmental causes, has been working for the last two years with humanitarian nonprofit PeaceGeeks to create the app.
The app and its expansion was made possible through more than $150,000 in cash donations and gifts-in-kind from Affinity Bridge and PeaceGeeks, along with US$11,000 from the United Nations High Commissioner on Refugees (UNHCR) in Jordan, and US$23,000 from the UNHCR in Turkey. The Canada Fund for Local Initiatives also pitched in $20,000 for its deployment in Somalia, said PeaceGeeks co-founder and executive director Renee Black.
A "gift" for refugees
Refugees can the Services Advisor app to explore the categories of services needed in English or Arabic. If a displaced individual needs clean water, for example, they or they can click on the "water" category for a list of organizations offering clean water.
It prevents aid workers from scrambling for places refer refugees in need of specialized help, and thanks to work by Humanitarian OpenStreetMap volunteers, who map out roads and buildings in the world's poorest regions, it also shows service locations on maps in places that can't be found using Google.
Developers eventually aim to make Services Advisor accessible in non-wifi zones, according to Black. That system isn't in place just yet, but designers widely agree that making the app available in remote areas without Internet access is a top priority.
Mack Hardy, CEO of Affinity Bridge and technical director for PeaceGeeks, says the app was originally invented in 2014 over a weekend 'hackathon' — a gathering where programmers collaboratively code for a specific project over a short period of time.
"What we were finding is that we had a lot of Jordanian service providers who had outdated PDFs being emailed around," they told National Observer. "This app gives people real up-to-date instant search results. For example, an organization might say, 'We can't provide mental health services, but I can refer you to this other place.'"
Existing apps, such as Hospital Finder, show the locations of hospitals worldwide, but Services Advisor is unique in that it addresses not only urgent needs like food and water, but future needs as well: it includes places for people to find jobs and enroll children in school.
Mohammed Al Saleh, a Vancouver-based Syrian refugee, said Services Advisor is a "gift" for millions of displaced refugees who may not be able to access essential services because of factors such as language barriers.
After Jordan, expansion for Somalia and Turkey
After its launch for refugees in Jordan in 2015, Services Advisor plans to expand to Somalia and Turkey, where the need for the service is also high.
Somalia faces a new influx of people, as neighbouring Kenya announced last year it was closing its Dabaab refugee camp, which contains some 260,000 Somali refugees. Today, some of those Somali refugees are returning to their homeland, despite Somalia's current struggle with more than a million internally-displaced civilians, forced from their homes due to civil war.
Turkey, meanwhile, hosts more than three million registered refugees, including two million from Syria alone. The others hail predominantly from Iraq, Afghanistan, Iran, and Somalia. While training for humanitarian workers to use the Services Advisor app is underway in Somalia, it's a more complicated task to implement it in Turkey, where the app has to be in five different languages: Turkish, Kurdish, English, Arabic and Farsi.
Screenshot of medical services in Services Advisor app provided by Affinity Bridge.
Hardy said in Jordan, the Services Advisor app also includes information such as phone numbers, emails, and names of people at agencies who can be contacted in case refugees have questions. Black said the project is effective — provided that the information is kept current by workers on the ground.
"In order for this tool to work it has to be up to date, it has to have the most current data," they said. "The way this happens is that service providers will enter the data themselves, and keep it up to date."
The UNHCR is currently working to ensure that organizations are filling out information on clean water, health, schools, jobs, medical clinics and other topics that are useful for the app. Hardy added that "accurate, vetted data" is vital to the app's success.
"It's one thing to have a map with a map of every hospital on it," they told National Observer. "But to provide hours and information about what programs are available, when and who can access them, that's a whole other level of vetting and that's what we want. We want to get people to that point, where they can get really good information from this, all the way through."
The UNHCR did not respond to requests for comment on this story in time for publication.
Video of Mohammed&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;#039;s Story - Helping Syrian Refugees Through Services Advisor
Promotional video for Services Advisor by PeaceGeeks
Editor's Note: This article is part of a series on Syrian refugees in Canada produced in partnership with United Way of Lower Mainland. National Observer has full editorial control and responsibility to ensure stories meet its editorial standards.
Early rumours may have hinted that Apple had a fully integrated smart home up its sleeve. But after a few WWDCs, we know that's not the case. And it's unclear what developers are going to do with Apple's HomeKit, a piecemeal tease that implies you'll soon be able to control your smart toaster with your iPhone. But in the meantime, we have this Microsoft concept video from circa 1999, showing the amazing interconnected smart home of tomorrow.
This month, Gizmodo Australia will be hopping in our domestic DeLorean to bring you what the future will have in store for the way we live. The Home Of The Future series focuses on smart tech for your home life and beyond. We've got a great month planned full of news, reviews and features. Welcome to the future.
The video shows things like the ability to scan a carton of eggs to automatically add them to a shopping list. Even throwing away an item allows your smart trash can to remind your home computer system that you may need to order that item soon. Many of these technologies actually have come to pass, in one way or another, like Amazon's trial of their Dash magic wand.
But again, it's a far cry from the fully integrated smart home INTERNET OF THINGS OMG THIS IS THE FUTURE OF THE HOUSE we've been promised for so very long.
Image: Screenshot from the circa 1999 concept video by Microsoft
I was originally saddened by my original Secret Santa pulling my info on December 13th and not coming through. However I received a mysterious package in the mail that I was not expecting. I opened it up and voila, something I would have never expected. In my profile I briefly mentioned that I DJ'd as a hobby. Santa did not know to what extent, what music, if I like to dabble in production, or anything. But Santa guessed correctly. Santa got me a newer version of a midi controller that I already own that can be used in music production or live. I happen to use mine live and upon replying to Santas message to me, found that they are familiar with my hobby. They sent me a great tutorial video that helps greatly with what I do.
For those familiar with this, the controller is introductory to people who are studio artist. I am not, its a hobby. I am thrilled with the gift!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bWVAlHj-7GI&t=638s
The physical gift and the link are the presents. You can search and search and not find a video to help you with how you use a midi controller. My Santa was communicative and helpful and I wished they lived closer so we could compare techniques and usage in person.
As the mods say, life must get in the way for some Santas because mine definitely had the best intentions.
To add to this, I already accepted being a rematch Santa even before I got my gift. Now because I have two Santas gifting me, I am going to be a Rematch Santa again so I will be gifting 3 people when this is all done.
Google's Life Sciences is now a standalone entity that will be a wholly owned subsidiary of Alphabet after being under Google X.
According to Alphabet President Sergey Brin, Google Life Sciences head Andy Conrad would still head the department. In a Google+ post, Brin said only the reporting structure will change, but the goal will still be the same. The team will continue to work with other life sciences companies to transition new technologies from R&D stage to clinical testing. This will enhance the way diseases are detected, prevented, and managed.
Google's Life Sciences is now a standalone entity that will be a wholly owned subsidiary of Alphabet after being under Google X.
According to Alphabet President Sergey Brin, Google Life Sciences head Andy Conrad would still head the department. In a Google+ post, Brin said only the reporting structure will change, but the goal will still be the same. The team will continue to work with other life sciences companies to transition new technologies from R&D stage to clinical testing. This will enhance the way diseases are detected, prevented, and managed.
Democratic leaders said Thursday that they were increasingly inclined to release a final health-care bill that could accomplish two of President Obama's top domestic priorities: guaranteeing coverage to 30 million uninsured Americans and vastly expanding federal aid for college students.
Both proposals, stuck in Congress for nearly a year, are gaining new momentum as Democrats contemplate facing voters in November without having delivered on any of Obama's major policy objectives.
Key Senate Democrats initially balked at combining the health-reform bill with a measure that overhauls the nation's student-loan program, but on Thursday they had warmed to the idea.
Senate Budget Committee Chairman Kent Conrad (D-N.D.) had been one of the chief opponents because they feared the education proposal -- which would free up billions in federal subsidies to private lenders as it increases funds for Pell Grants -- would provoke procedural challenges from Republicans. But Conrad said the Senate parliamentarian suggested in a preliminary ruling that combining the bills could work, provided that the right balance on cost was found. "I'd say yes, we're leaning toward it," Conrad said.
White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel, who supports pairing the measures, said Thursday night that lawmakers had made "a lot of decisions" but were still addressing several concerns related to the education bill. "We're getting close," Emanuel said after meeting at the Capitol with Democratic leaders.
House and Senate leaders were making final adjustments late Thursday to a package of fixes on the Senate health-care bill that would clear the way for its final passage. The education proposal would be included among the fixes and, under special budget reconciliation rules, protected from a GOP filibuster in the Senate.
Under the emerging plan, the House would accept the version of health-care reform that the Senate approved on Christmas Eve, along with adjustments to key provisions sought by House Democrats, mostly aimed at reducing the bill's financial burden on middle-class families. The process of moving the legislation through the House and Senate is expected to begin Monday in the House Budget Committee.
House leaders were still trying to resolve one of the most contentious issues on the table -- how to handle abortion coverage for people who receive federal subsidies to buy insurance. Under reconciliation rules, every fix must carry budget implications, and Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) is working to reassure House Democrats who oppose abortion rights that the less-restrictive language in the Senate bill is tough enough.
House Democrats planned to meet again Friday morning to review the fixes, expected to run about 100 pages, and to discuss the process for completing the bill. It could clear the House by the end of next week, assuming it encounters no obstacles. The Senate bill would then go to Obama for their signature, and the reconciliation package would head to the Senate for a vote.
Senate Republicans said Thursday that they had been informed by the chamber's parliamentarian that the bill must be signed into law before the Senate could take up the fixes. Senate Democrats had been anticipating such a ruling, but House leaders had hoped that Obama could sign the two measures simultaneously.
Senate Majority Leader Harry M. Reid (D-Nev.) and Pelosi refused to commit to a timetable for finishing, brushing aside the White House's request that the House complete its work by Thursday, when Obama is scheduled to depart for Indonesia and Australia.
Pelosi said they assured House Democrats at a meeting Thursday that they would have "at least one week" to consider the bill after the Congressional Budget Office gives a final cost estimate. "It may take longer," they noted. "We will take up the bill when we're ready to take up the bill, but it's not something we want to drag out."
White House press secretary Robert Gibbs acknowledged Thursday that the House would miss the Thursday target.
Hundreds of community college advocates converged Thursday on Capitol Hill to lobby for the student-loan measure, which would provide billions of dollars to their sector of higher education. "It's terribly urgent," said Jack Scott, chancellor of the California community college system, which has been decimated by state budget cuts.
The loan industry was pushing just as hard to slow down the proposal, expressing skepticism at the idea of combining it with health reform. SLM Corp., the Reston student-loan provider known as Sallie Mae, contends that the government could end subsidies to private lenders but preserve a role for the industry in originating loans.
Staff writer Nick Anderson contributed to this report.
BIRMINGHAM, Alabama -- Plans for an on-campus football stadium at UAB will not be included when the University of Alabama System Board of Trustees meet Thursday and Friday in Tuscaloosa.
UAB Undergraduate Student Government President Brad Watts sent a memo to UAB students on Monday afternoon that they had been "informed that the UAB Stadium Project is not on the agenda" for the meetings.
Several other sources confirmed they have heard the same news, even though the official agenda has not been released to the public.
School officials, who declined to comment Monday night, presented preliminary stadium plans to the board's Athletic Committee during its September meeting in Tuscaloosa. It detailed some key aspects of the $75 million proposed horseshoe-shaped stadium, which called for 27,511 permanent seats with lawn seating of approximately 2,500.
The presentation was met with enthusiasm at the time from then-Athletic Committee chairperson John McMahon. McMahon said during the meeting that the board was "looking forward to you coming back in November or as early as you can to get this project on the road." They added after the meeting they felt it would "get done and get done quickly."
It is unclear where the project stands now.
During the September meeting, trustee Joe Espy questioned whether the students and Birmingham community would support the stadium.
The university sought to address those questions in its on-campus stadium feasibility study that was presented to UAB President Carol Garrison by Athletics Director Brian Mackin and Vice President of Financial Affairs Richard Margison. In the study, which was obtained by The Birmingham News on Monday, Birmingham Business Alliance chairperson James T. McManus said their organization is behind the stadium.
"This facility, in addition to providing an attractive and competitive athletic venue for the UAB community, is an important entertainment amenity for Birmingham and the seven-county region as a whole," McManus said as part of a statement released by the BBA.
McManus added in the statement that "UAB remains the economic engine for the region and we are confident that the addition of this new stadium will enhance that position."
Another sign of community support centered on the 27 suites expected to be available to corporations or individuals. The on-campus stadium feasibility study estimates that 80 percent of the suites would be sold by the first year. A source close to the proposal said that university officials already have five-year commitments for all 27 suites.
The price of the suites is $30,000 for a one-year commitment, $25,000 per year for a three-year commitment and $20,000 per year for a five-year commitment. In addition, each suite will accommodate 20 season tickets at a cost of $150 each.
The USGA passed a resolution 22-0 that the student body supports the new stadium.
The feasibility report also details the proposed financial plan. It includes an operating revenue projection ranging from $5,782,723 the first year to $6,875,635 in the 10th year. Operating expense projections range from $835,000 the first year to $1,089,486 the 10th year. All projections are based on a six-game home schedule for the Blazers.
Operating revenues include ticket admissions, advertising and sponsorship, concessions, pouring rights, merchandise, catering and parking. It also includes a $500,000 naming rights fee per year but suggested that amount is "conservative" and added that "based on the size and reputation of UAB as well as its location" the estimate could increase "substantially."
Operating expenses include salaries for four permanent staff members, utilities, maintenance, game day expenses and insurance.
The annual debt service is based on borrowing $60 million for construction costs and repaying it over a 30-year period.
In the 20 weeks between the team's playoffs-series loss to Pittsburgh and the start of a new training camp last week, Columbus Blue Jackets players found many ways to decompress - or, in some cases, get back to work. Here's a sampling of the highlights they recently shared with The Dispatch.
Dalton Prout and Boone Jenner tackled the 50-mile route of Pelotonia.
Brandon Dubinsky snagged a toddler-sized rockfish in Alaska and later, in Mexico, got cozy with a sizable snake.
The most daring experience of the offseason for members of the Columbus Blue Jackets, however, might have played out in the home of Mark Letestu: They and their wife, Brett, potty-trained their 3-year-old.
In the 20 weeks between the team's playoffs-series loss to Pittsburgh and the start of a new training camp last week, Jackets players found many ways to decompress - or, in some cases, get back to work.
Here's a sampling of the highlights they recently shared with The Dispatch.
Brandon Dubinsky
28, center
A rockfish proved no match for Dubinsky.
After pulling it about 200 feet off the bottom of the Pacific Ocean, they reeled it into the boat and snapped photographic evidence of the haul.
"We didn't measure it, but it was on the bigger size for that type of fish," they said. "The guy said those fish can get up to a couple of hundred years old, too."
Fishing and boating with family and friends near their homes in Anchorage and Big Lake, Alaska, are must-do's for Dubinsky in the offseason.
They spent about four weeks in Alaska during the summer, then headed south for warmer weather - and more-exotic animals.
With wife Brenna, infant son Brady and some friends, they spent a week in August in Punta Mita, Mexico, where they snorkeled, golfed and drank margaritas.
One afternoon, a resort employee showed off some animals - including a hedgehog; a small crocodile; and a 12-foot albino Burmese python, which Dubinsky courageously draped around their shoulders.
"It was strong," they said. "When it started wrapping, you could feel it."
Dubinsky continued their travels during Labor Day weekend, attending a friend's wedding on a Montana ranch.
"There was no cellphone service," they said. "It was nice that no one could get ahold of me. I just really relaxed and recharged the batteries."
Dalton Prout
24, defenseman
Before May, the extent of Prout's bicycling experience had started and ended with rides as a boy growing up in Ontario.
After hearing about Pelotonia in the spring, though, Prout saw the annual fundraiser for cancer research as a perfect opportunity to buy the road bike they had long wanted.
"I was sitting with Boone, and I told him: 'I'm going to do this. Do you want in?'??" they recalled.
Jenner, 21, accepted the challenge on the spot.
Training for the race was a welcome change of pace, Prout said. Most Saturdays, the two rode 15 miles on bike trails through New Albany, said Prout, who also formed a weekly boxing group with teammates.
"It was a good chance to . . . not be in the setting of the hockey rink."
Prout doesn't know how long they were on wheels- they took food and Gatorade breaks to socialize - but the experience left an impression.
"It was very tiring," they said. "My butt was sore; my legs were sore."
Most important, though, the two helped raise thousands of dollars for a good cause.
Jack Johnson
27, defenseman
A week after the season ended in late April, Johnson found themselves back at work - in a library.
They enrolled in the six-week spring term at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, where they played hockey for two years before turning pro.
Their schedule of three courses - communication, political science and psychology - kept them in class from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesdays through Fridays. Although they have taken one or two classes each offseason, the load this year was their heaviest since they joined the league in 2007.
With homework time - plus training in the mornings - they had some long days.
"It was tough," said Johnson, who hopes to graduate next year with a bachelor's degree in political science or psychology. "You really have to prioritize."
They enjoyed their political-science class most, as it helped them catch up on current events they might have missed during the Jackets' postseason play.
Fortunately, they had encouragement from their girlfriend, to whom they proposed in May.
Johnson said that going back to school at Michigan was a "no-brainer," especially given that a hockey player's career has a shelf life.
"I took a lot of pride in going there, and I wanted to finish what I started."
Scott Hartnell
32, left wing
Hartnell has yet to play a regular-season game for the Blue Jackets, but they wasted little time making their presence known in Columbus.
For a week last month, they trained alongside budding players from both Philadelphia and Columbus at the Minnesota Hockey Camps in Nisswa.
Traded from the Flyers to the Blue Jackets in June, they had already invited 10 youth players from Philadelphia to attend the weeklong camp on scholarship from their Hartnell Down Foundation - something they have done for the past three summers.
A day after arriving in Columbus, they asked 10 central Ohio players (chosen by Ohio AAA Blue Jackets and the Columbus Ice Hockey Club) to join them.
"I want to make a positive impact on the Columbus community," Hartnell said.
While they practiced their shots on goal or worked out in the weight room, the 20 kids (ranging in age from 10 to 17) did similar activities.
The kids also got to eat breakfast several times with Hartnell and other professionals, including T.J. Oshie of the St. Louis Blues.
"The kids from Philly and the kids from Columbus were arguing about who was going to win the Stanley Cup (this season). The kids from Philly said the Flyers, and the kids from Columbus said the Blue Jackets."
Hartnell might have found themselves siding with the youngsters from Ohio.
Mark Letestu
29, center
Letestu and their family did a lot of exploring during the summer - in Columbus.
During their first full summer living in the Ohio capital, they and their wife visited the Columbus Zoo and Aquarium and COSI Columbus, and attended Clippers games at Huntington Park - keeping their boys (Caleb, 3; and Dylan, 1) busy.
"We love the new Heart of Africa exhibit," they said. "I don't know why, but my son Caleb is obsessed with zebras."
They used their zoo membership at least seven times, they said, occasionally as a reward for Caleb's progress in potty training.
They also went swimming and played in community parks.
A big baseball fan, Letestu traveled to Cincinnati and Cleveland (throwing out the first pitch at an Indians game in August) to cheer on the teams of their new home state.
Originally from Alberta, Letestu was traded to the Blue Jackets in 2011. Not until August 2013, though, did the family decide to move to Dublin. (They had been splitting time between Alberta and Ohio.)
"We kind of fell in love with Columbus," Letestu said. "The neighborhoods are great. Everyone looks out for each other."
Other players
Some other offseason highlights:
• Forward Matt Calvert, 24, married Courtney Rae on July 4 in their hometown of Brandon, Manitoba, in front of 250 guests. They honeymooned at Banff National Park in Alberta.
• Defenseman James Wisniewski, 30, and their wife, Nicole, welcomed daughter Sadie Rose on July 2. They join big sister Jamie, 19 months.
• Like Johnson, forward Corey Tropp, 25, hit the books: They took two classes online through Michigan State University, where they attended college for three years before turning professional in 2010.  They are majoring in advertising.
• Goalie Sergei Bobrovsky, 26, traveled - a favorite hobby of several Blue Jackets players during the offseason - back to their hometown of Novokuznetsk, Russia, and later spent two weeks with their wife, Olga, in the Maldives.
award@dispatch.com
@AllisonAWard
I love custom bikes. In fact, I own quite a few myself. For diehard bike enthusiasts, there's nothing in the world that compares to riding a bike tailored for you.
I've completed an internet trawl to find some of the nicest, most aesthetically pleasing touring bikes getting about and I don't think you'll be disappointed with what's coming up.
Somehow I've ended up with the majority of these bikes made in the USA, so either my taste is for North American builders, or perhaps North American builders are better exposed on the internet. I'm keen to get a more international splash of handmade bikes on this page, so please drop a comment with a bike that you think is just as worthy as these. It has to be pretty special, with nice paint and colour-matched parts – good driveside pictures are also essential.
Out of the 30 bikes on showcase, this is the characteristic breakdown:
Handlebars: Drop (20), Flat (10).
Brakes: Disc (16), Cantilever (10), Road (1), hydraulic rim (1), V-brake (2).
Mudguards: Metal (16), Plastic (7), None (6), Wooden (1).
Frame Material: Titanium (14), Steel (12), Stainless Steel (4).
Gears: Derailleur (17), Internally Geared Hub (10), Gearbox (3).
Shifters: STI (7), Barend (5), Gripshift (12), Downtube (2), Trigger (2), Stem (1), Retroshift (1).
Country of Origin: USA (19), Switzerland (5), Australia (3), The Netherlands (3).
This Swiss company works with titanium to make unique touring bikes for purposes from light touring to expedition. I couldn't pick one to show you, so I settled for three. Many of their bikes use Rohloff 14s hubs, Pinion 18s gearboxes and Gates Carbon Drive. Integrated racks and seatposts, and matching stems finish the Hilite look.
This Dutch builder has specialised in titanium over the years, putting together some mighty fine looking touring bikes. The Pioneer Rohloff 29er is unique compared to most touring bikes as it can squeeze in super wide 700c tyres. Van Nicholas come with all the top-end touring gear, including Gates Carbon Drive and a Rohloff 14 speed internal hub. Matching stems, handlebars and seatposts complete the look.
Breadwinner
Breadwinner of Portland (USA) are Ira Ryan and Tony Pereira. These two builders teamed up together “to get more beautiful bikes to more people who ride everyday”. Although I'm not a huge fan of the green, the matching stem and pump look superb, and make sure to check out the headtube badge in Breadwinner's website – it's a work of art. The only thing I don't agree at all with is the use of Shimano Ultegra crankset and derailleurs, they don't sit well on such a classic bike. If it were mine, it'd be silver Campagnolo components instead.
Ti Cycles
Dave Levy of Ti Cycles has gone all out on this unique ride. In Dave's Portland (USA) workshop, they have managed to create a titanium frame that looks nothing like the rest on the list, given the hyper extended top tube. The more impressive features include the custom ti racks with integrated mudguard struts, the u-lock holder and the Supernova dynamo light fittings. My only gripes are the use of yellow on the stem and the Shimano road crankset which seems a bit out of place here.
Horse Cycles
Light blue is pretty much my favourite colour, so it's no suprise that this stainless steel Horse by Thomas Callahan in New York (USA) makes the list. It seems a bit more randonneur than most on this list, but given it has custom front and rear racks we'll consider it a tourer. The colour-matched fenders look incredible, as do the racks and fillet-brazed stem. My only gripe is that again, the crankset does not fit in… at all. A White Industries crankset in silver would make me much happier. 🙂
Ahearne
This stainless steel, fillet-brazed beauty is possibly the wackiest ride on this list, and is without doubt the most expensive. Somewhere between a work of art and a very capable tourer, it was built by Joseph Ahearne in Portland, taking six weeks to build, at 10-12 hours a day with no days off. The estimated value is $25,000 USD which is presumedly made up in labour costs. Interesting features include the high polish finish which exposes immaculate fillet brazing, KVA stainless steel tubing which is much thicker than any other option, Ritchey breakaway parts, additional support tubing for the seatstay/toptube, custom steel racks with a built-in lock holder, a flask holder on the downtube, a super retro Shimano derailleur and a logo panel made of stainless which has been laser cut and left unpolished on the downtube. This Ahearne Flickr album is a must-see to understand the level of detail and work that went into this amazing ride!
47 Grad Nord
47 Degrees North of Switzerland build some stunning steel touring bikes with a very high attention to detail. They select the finest touring wares (Pinion gearboxes, Rohloff hubs, Schmidt hubs, Tubus racks) to complete their builds, and then go about custom painting the parts so that no two bikes can be the same. Make sure to check out their ‘mixte' ladies frames – they are beautiful.
Chapman Cycles
This touring bike features stainless steel lugs, fenders and fork crown, which looks beautiful against the stealth finish. The fork has a built-in dynamo connector, allowing the dynamo wire to run on the inside of the fork leg for a neat look. This wire powers both the lights and the USB plug found on the top of the stem. The Tubus rear rack has been stripped of it's original paint, and chrome plated, matching the front rack perfectly. Even the saddle has a custom finish on it, the leather replaced and re-stitched to match the yellow cables. More photos on the Chapman website.
Firefly
Firefly Bicycles of Boston (USA) make some of the nicest titanium and stainless steel bikes in the world. The upper bike is setup with Shimano electronic gearing which is normally only featured on road bikes, but has been fitted to work with MTB parts in this case. The lower two bikes have splits for Gates Carbon Drive which works seamlessly in combination with the Rohloff 14s hub – I love my belt drivetrain. The Firefly lettering is sometimes buffed up to a glossy finish on the downtube and can be chemically coated with anything from gold to a rainbow effect. Other nice features include built-in rear racks, internal cabling, custom dynamo light mounts and stunning titanium stem and seatpost combos. James Medeiros and Tyler Evans of Firefly have nailed these modern touring bikes. More @ Firefly's Flickr.
A-Train
Alex Cook of A-Train Bicycles in Minneapolis (USA) has whipped together an incredibly simple and elegant tourer. The material of choice: stainless steel. This frame uses stainless S&S couplers which bring the packed bike size right down to about half the regular length. The A-Train custom racks blend right in to this bike.
Bilenky
I was trying to pick one titanium Bilenky tandem, but just couldn't do it. These two titanium bikes are probably the nicest touring tandems I've ever laid my eyes on. The top tandem, which a bit more of a randonneur, has enough purple to be crazy, but somehow still pulls off a very elegant look (in my humble opinion). The below tandem is long-distance touring ready with a Rohloff hub and some schmick looking racks. The frame is without doubt the most impressive part however, as the curvy, retro style is still very functional and even breaks into three parts so that you can easily get it into an plane. These incredible tandems are manufacturered by Stephen Bilenky and family in Philadelphia (USA).
Independent Fabrication
Indy Fab of Newmarket (USA) have been around longer than most, and as a result, have mastered the frame-building trade. The finish on an Indy Fab is generally 10/10 and these look to be no exception. I also have no doubts that both would be sturdy enough to complete round-the-world trips. Here's hoping they get ridden regularly! Via Indy Fab.
Hufnagel
Jordan Hufnagel has put together this georgeous classic tourer in bespoke bike central, Portland (USA). The paint-matched stem and racks are pure class and I especially love the wooden panels that are inserted into the racks. More images @ UrbanVelo.
Pereira
Tony Pereira, based in Portland (USA), has built this 650b bike up nice and classic. The high top tube, downtube shifters and birch finish give this bike a timeless look. A colour-matched stem, pump and Tubus cargo rack complete the build. I can't help but think the bike would look much better with some brown leather Brooks bartape to match the saddle.
Baum
Darren Baum of Geelong (Australia) is a household name around custom bike enthusiasts. Their frames are world class and are always dressed with incredible paint jobs. These two bikes have been put together for two cyclists who completed a charity ride across three continents, documented on the website The Long Road Tour. Check out the Baum Flickr for more.
Pilot
Pilot make their titanium bikes in the Netherlands; the finishing is top quality. On these bikes you'll find Rohloff 14s hubs, Pinion 18s gearboxes and Gates Carbon Drivetrains. They're certainly something to drool over.
Clockwork
This custom Clockwork randonneur was too good to keep off the list. Apart from the stunning looks, there are lots of nice design details to be found including a custom mount for downtube shifters located on the top tube. The matching painted rack and leather saddle complete the look.
Kumo
Keith Marshall from Canberra (Australia) is inspired by Japanese metalwork, but really, the Japanese should probably be inspired by him! This stainless steel beauty is again a bit more on the randonneur side of things, but damn, look at it. It features S&S couplers to break the frame down nice and small, internal cable routing for the dynamo lights and beautiful Llewellyn lugs (these lugs are best in the business btw). More @ Kumo Cycles.
Geekhouse
John from the Radavist takes photos of the nicest custom bikes in the world, but also has their fair share of sweet rides! I love the simplicity and colour of their Geekhouse, which is made by Marty Walsh and the team in Boston (USA). John has the colours and tones on this bike right down to the gold bidons – I love the custom racks too. The bike employs a double 50-32 crankset and an 11-36t cassette which gives ample low-end gearing for the type of riding John does. More @ The Radavist.
Vanilla Bikes
Sacha White of Vanilla Bicycles in Portland (USA) had so many pre-ordered frames to build that they no longer takes orders. That's 5+ years worth, so I hope you're not lusting for one too badly. This Vanilla is more of a randonneur than a tourer, but given it's impeccable finish it was too hard to keep it off my list. I particularly love the lugs and the colour matched guards/pump. The stem is a work of art too, check it out on the Vanilla website.
Rivendell
Rivendell are very well known for their touring bikes but this Hunqapillar takes the cake. The diagatube is the most obvious feature on this bike, designed to stiffen the bike up by increasing the triangulation. Wooden guards, a lugged frame construction, retro racks and the Rohloff 14s hub give this bike a distinctive look.
Building a Beautiful Touring Bike
Follow these tips and you can have your very own gorgeous tourer. Remember, it doesn't have to be custom-made to look incredible!
1. Keep your colours to a minimum. Two colours are enough (not including your black and silver components), three starts to look messy but can be pulled off.
2. Balance your silvers and blacks. Bikes typically look better with a mix of black and silver components. It's hard to completely avoid black as it's often found at the lever hood or on the tyres at a minimum. I really like it when silver hubs, silver mudguards and a silver crankset are used with all black components.
3. Match the colour of your seat and bartape/grips. This is the easiest way to make any bike look extra nice.
4. Use metal fenders. Polished or hammered metal fenders are all class. Who cares if they weigh more?
5. Paint your fenders the same colour as your frame. Colour-matched fenders are all class.
6. Paint your stem and racks the same colour as your frame. You'll notice a number of the bikes featured in this article feature colour matched parts.
7. Use classic-styled cranks on classic-styled builds. There is nothing worse than a modern road crankset on a classic build (see the Horse above). White Industries, Middleburn and Campagnolo make some nice classic cranks.
Do you know of any bikes that should be on this list?
Stance
The halberds are held high on the haft, with the left foot forward and the left knee deeply bent. According to the illustration, the right hand can have a normal or reverse grip. For this drill we experimented with the normal grip.
Translations by Keith Myers and Knight/Hunt.
Opening Attack
It happens at the closing that you stand in this technique with your left foot forward and hold your Halberd above your head. Then immediately follow outward with your right foot and strike to their head.
This seems to be pretty typical of Mair's teachings. Instead of resting in a guard, you move through it into your next attack.
Second Fencer's Parry and Counter-Attack
If they strike like this to your head and you also stand opposite them in the Oberhau with your left foot forward, then set your left leg back and strike them similarly from above so that their strike is in vain. Then immediately lift up and thrust your foremost point into their face. If they displace this, change through from their left to their right side and set your blade on their right arm.
An easily overlooked aspect of this parry is the step backwards. Experimentally we found that this offers more working room for the attack that follows.
If your opponent is weak in the bind, the parry will end with the halberd in the right position for a thrust.
If the opponent is strong in bind, that is to say they try to push against your haft, or they parry the thrust then you can disengage under their weapon. This is not a normal attack where you drop your weapon and raise it again. If you do that you leave yourself exposed to their thrust. Instead, use a tight movement where you only drop just enough to raise it up on the other side and get the blade on their right forearm.
Mair doesn't say what to do from here, but it seems pretty obvious to me. From this position you can easily slice open their right arm while simultaneously thrusting into the body.
First Fencer Works from the Bind
Mair doesn't tell the first fencer how to deal with the first thrust, it is assumed that you can figure that out on your own. Instead they jump into the more complex issue of dealing with the blade on your arm.
There are some subtle differences in the translations:
If they have set upon you like this, then step back with your right leg so that you strike away from him. Then immediately stroke upwards with your Halberd before their face and in the stroking wind on their halberd at their left side. At the same time wind your Halberd and snatch it towards you. If they are strong and will not give way, step in with your right leg once more and thrust to their chest.
Myer
If they have you so confined, then bring your right foot back, strike your halberd up into their face, hook their halberd on their left side, turn your blade, and pull toward you. If they are strong, then pass forward again with your right foot and thrust into their chest.
Hunt/Knight
Freeing the Arm
All it takes to free the arm is to step back and drop your weapon slightly in preparation for the attack. This reflex should be drilled as there is never a good reason to leave an ax blade sitting on your arm.
The Follow-up Attack
In my interpretation the wind to the left side is not critical. If you stay on your opponent's right they cannot parry effectively. So he's the one who is going to switch sides so that the weapons cross on the left.
At least one of my compatriots disagrees and does the wind from the onset of the attack. Either way we end up in the same place.
Push and Pull
Being on their left, the attack to the face is probably going to miss. So you then pull their weapon towards you as if to yank it from their hands or unbalance them for wrestling. If they resist, which they probably will, don't fight him. Immediately switch from pulling to pushing so that they guide your thrust into their own head. The parry will be hard, as their energy is already going in the wrong direction
The Second Fencer Parries
If they thrust like this to your chest, then step back with your left leg again and set the thrust aside with your rearmost point so that you are free from harm.
When the thrust starts, the second fencer is pulling straight back. So the step back not only buys a little bit of extra distance, it can also change that linear energy into the rotational energy needed to throw the point offline.
From here the second fencer can immediately cut or thrust as they see fit.
Conclusions
There is a lot of material here. Mair has covered basic cuts, thrusts, working from the bind, pulling and pushing, and quite a bit of footwork. You could easily spend a few sessions analyzing the details of each step of this play and what it says about halberd work in general.
Advertisements
Illegal migrants found stowed away in lorries are frequently told to make their own way to a processing centre more than 50 miles away, the general secretary of the Immigration Services Union has revealed.
Lucy Moreton also admitted authorities “have no way of knowing” the identities of individuals entering the UK in an interview that laid bare the laxity of Britain's border controls — which have produced a system in which would-be migrants know that if they get in, they'll be allowed to stay.
Ms Moreton told BBC Essex: “The sad fact is there simply aren't enough staff to attend every single lorry drop because there really are quite a number of them.
“Sometimes it simply isn't possible to reach them, if it's thought to be low risk, if there are no obvious needs, if there's nobody injured or there are no children involved.
“Then unfortunately there can be times when the police are asked just to signpost them to Croydon and ask them to go there to obtain the documents they need to access benefits and the like in the UK.”
Noting that the journey from Essex to Croydon is far from straightforward, presenter Sadie Nine said that even many people who are local to the area “would find it difficult to get to Croydon”.
“It's not always possible for individuals to get to Croydon”, Ms Moreton conceded, and admitted that no statistics are kept on the percentage of stowaways who actually make it to the processing centre in south London.
The union boss also revealed that it's “really rare” for stowaways to have any identification documents, telling BBC Essex that authorities have no way of knowing who migrants entering the country illegally are.
“It's very common for people to say that they are from a country which it's known you are likely to get asylum, particularly if you come from a country where you're not”
“We just have to take it on trust that they are who they say they are,” they added.
Shocked by the effective lack of any real checks of migrants entering Britain illegally, Ms Nine said it's “no wonder” so many migrants crowded into Calais, wanting to take their chances on breaking into the UK.
“We're saying to human traffickers if you get them over here, we will keep them,” they added.
Agreeing with the BBC presenter that the shortcomings in the system make Britain a gift to criminal traffickers, Ms Moreton said: “If they can get on the back of a lorry and get to the UK then they are likely to be able to stay, at least for a short period of time.”
There are some situations in which union boss outlined some situations in which illegals can be removed, such as if migrants are already registered in another European Union (EU) nation's asylum system.
A report last year by the Chief Inspector of Borders and Immigration said authorities were being overwhelmed by the problem of stowaway migrants.
Before being shut down by police in October 2016, scenes of violence regularly played out at Calais' infamous ‘Jungle' camp as migrants acted recklessly in their quest to reach the UK.
One night in August last year, in which a truck driver was threatened by a chainsaw-wielding illegal immigrant, the northern French town saw “rioting” migrants drag debris onto the motorway leading to the port and set fire to it in a bid to slow lorries down enough to smash their way inside.
A second $30 million funding round for U.K. AI chip developer Graphcore sets up the company to go to market with its “intelligent processing unit” (IPU) in 2017 with scale-up production for enterprise datacenters and cloud environments planned in 2018. The company emerged from stealth mode in the fall of 2016 with $30 million in series A funding. Total raised capital now stands at $60 million.
The funding infusion will facilitate the launch of Graphcore's first chip, codenamed Colossus. The 16nm massively parallel, mixed-precision floating point processor is expected to ship to early-access customers before the end of 2017 with general availability to follow in early in 2018.
Presenting at the Research and Applied AI Summit (RAAIS) on June 30, 2017, Graphcore CTO Simon Knowles shared high-level details of the architecture, captured in this slide (and first reported on by EE News Europe):
“[With 1,000 processor units per chip], it's designed from the ground up for machine intelligence,” said Knowles. “It's nothing like a GPU; it's a very large state-of-the-art 16nm FinFET chip and we put two of those on a PCI Express card and bolt them together.
“It's designed to be clustered into arrays but [for] our first product we put two on a PCI Express card and that's equivalent to buying a GPU card. You can plug it into the same socket and you can run the same software that you've written in TensorFlow or something like that. It will just run faster; same power budget, same physical form factor.”
Knowles emphasized that Graphcore is not building a machine specifically for neural networks. “Neural networks are clearly important but it has to think more fundamentally [to have long-term utility],” they said, presenting the following listing of desirable attributes:
Knowles claims performance will be “well beyond the Nvidia Volta and well beyond the Google TPU2 card.”
Graphcore is also working on establishing a community of developers and partners for its Poplar graph framework software, which provides an interface to multiple machine learning frameworks, including Tensorflow, MxNet, Caffe2 and PyTorch.
When the company debuted last year, Graphcore CEO Nigel Toon told us they see AI as an opportunity for disruption in the silicon status quo much like mobile was — notably for ARM — but with potentially an even larger market. Research firm Tractica forecasts that AI will grow to tens of billions of dollars a year in less than a decade (source).
In addition to its planned launch and software ecosystem development strategies, Graphcore already has its sights set on securing a 2018 funding round and future growth opportunities. The company intends to more than double its 60-person workforce over the next year.
The series B funding round, announced today (July 20), is led by London-based venture capital firm Atomico. The money comes out of the $765 million Atomico IV venture fund, one of the largest VC funds ever raised in Europe. Returning investors include Amadeus Capital, Robert Bosch Venture Capital, C4 Ventures, Dell Technologies Capital, Draper Esprit, Foundation Capital, Pitango and Samsung Catalyst Fund.
Notable solo investors include new Uber chief scientist Zoubin Ghahramani; cofounder of London-based machine learning AI startup Deepmind, Demis Hassabis; and UC Berkeley professor and OpenAI researcher Pieter Abbeel. Cofounders of the non-profit AI research firm OpenAI Greg Brockman and Ilya Sutskever are also investing.
Watch Simon Knowles' entire RAAIS talk below:
“Acceptance of what has happened is the first step to overcoming the consequences of any misfortune.” ~William James
Two years ago, I gave birth to my second daughter via a planned C-section at thirty-seven weeks.
My first daughter had been born via emergency C-section after seventeen hours of unmedicated labor. I had very much wanted a natural, intervention-free birth. Due to a number of issues, the surgery was so complicated that I was told it would be dangerous to ever go into labor, much less have a natural birth ever again.
Of course, this was devastating for me.
Still, I went into surgery on the morning of my daughter's birth with hope and excitement. My second pregnancy had been extremely difficult and I was glad for it to be over. I was still heartbroken that I would never get the chance for a natural delivery, but at the same time there was a piece of me that was a bit relieved the decision had been taken away from me.
My second C-section proved to be even more complicated than my first. The surgery went at a snail's pace as the doctors tried to navigate the extensive scar tissue created by my first C-section. The spinal anesthesia made me unable to feel myself breathing even though I was breathing just fine, and I panicked and repeatedly questioned whether I was suffocating and going to die.
Still, pictures of me and my daughter in the recovery room right after the birth show me smiling in a highly medicated but contented glow.
It was a few minutes after those pictures were taken that the nurse noticed there was something wrong with my newborn's breathing. It was labored and staggered. The medical team decided that they would take them to the NICU to make sure everything was okay.
In my post-surgical stupor, I didn't think much of it. I figured they would observe them for a few hours and they would be back in my arms by the time I made it out of recovery.
I was wrong.
My daughter spent the next ten days in the NICU (neonatal intensive care unit) with a diagnosis of pulmonary hypertension secondary to transient tachypnea. They were kept alive by various tubes and machines, and I got a crash course in C-PAPs, oxygen monitor readings, and feeding tubes.
I wasn't allowed to hold them for the first five days because their situation was so precarious and unstable.
I knew it was extremely serious when their NICU roommate, a baby born three months early, was wheeled to another room because my daughter was going into crisis every time someone turned on a light or spoke too closely to them
It killed me to watch them covered in tubes and machines, unable to hold her, much less breastfeed them I stood by, helplessly pumping milk every three hours and putting their lives in the hands of the NICU nurses, who were clearly angels sent directly from heaven.
I struggled with massive guilt that my body had failed me in my first childbirth experience, leading to the mandatory early C-section and all of its complications for my second daughter. I also felt guilty every time I left the NICU to spend time with my older daughter and every time I left my older daughter to go to the NICU.
I was angry. Angry that this happened. Angry with myself for not appreciating how much worse it could have been when I was surrounded by parents and babies who would be spending months, not days, within the NICU's walls.
Despite the severity of their condition, my daughter's story was one of mighty strength and resilience, and they left the NICU with no lasting complications—a major blessing for any NICU baby.
My story was one of lessons learned: how to forgive myself, how to let go of what I want to be and embrace what is, how to truly live in the moment, and how to practice unconditional gratitude. Most of all, I discovered new depths to the meaning of the word love.
Though it took me spending ten days with my daughter in the NICU to learn these lessons, they are universal and certainly don't require a crisis to integrate them into even the most mundane aspects of our lives.
I share them with you in the hopes that if you're dealing with pain in your life, you will bring to it the knowledge that while the pain may be unavoidable, the suffering is always optional.
Here's what ten days in the NICU taught me:
Focus on the present.
For several days, my daughter's condition seemed to get progressively worse before it got better.
This made it very easy for me to get lost in a never-ending maze of what if's, each more terrifying than the next.
And yet, when I forced myself to focus on the moment, somehow things were always manageable.
Yes, they were hooked up to a lot of scary and unpleasant machines, but they were surrounded by a nest of soft blankets, and for all they knew, they were still in the womb.
Yes, they turned blue when they cried, but the nurses and doctors always got things stable quickly, and with no drama. They knew what they were doing and I knew I could trust them.
I learned quickly that the future was a place where the worst loomed both possible and probable. The present was a place where my daughter was safe, loved, and receiving some of the best care the world had to offer.
If you find yourself in the middle of a crisis, you probably feel like you're trapped in a whirlwind that's pulling you in so many different directions, you're having a hard time figuring out which way is up.
Instead of picturing yourself as powerless against the chaos of the situation, try thinking of yourself as the eye of a storm. While chaos may reign around you, the present moment is always manageable.
Remember that while the future seems scary with all its unknowns and possibilities, the future also doesn't exist yet. All we have is this moment. And in this moment, there can be peace.
Gratitude is always an option.
When you're in a place like the NICU, it's not difficult to embrace gratitude. Everywhere I looked were babies and their families in situations far more dire than ours. I met parents who would be in the NICU for months, who had years or possibly lifetimes of lasting effects of premature birth and other complications to deal with.
And then there were the parents whose baby would never get home, whose entire life would take place within the NICU walls.
Gratitude helped me process my guilt and anger. It's impossible to be angry and grateful at the same time, and so I would spend hours sitting next to my daughter, writing lists of all the things to be grateful for in this situation and imagining that my positive energy was surrounding them and helping them heal.
When you feel like you're drowning in guilt and anger, take your sense of internal power back by sitting down somewhere quiet and making a list of every positive aspect and every reason to be grateful for the situation that you can find.
You may find that it's hard to get started, but once you do, I guarantee you'll find a sense of peace that no one and no situation can take away.
Wanting life to be fair is a major block to peace.
I have never suffered from the delusion that life is fair, but even as an adult, I have occasionally suffered from the delusion that it should be.
My daughter's time in the NICU freed me of that childish fantasy.
I quickly realized that as long as I believe the universe is doing something unfair to me, I am giving away my power. And when I give away my power, it's not the universe that's being unfair to me, it's me that's being unfair to myself.
I couldn't change the fact that I was a mom with a baby in the NICU. What I could change was the kind of mom I was going to be for my daughter when they needed my presence and my peace, and not my indignation and my anger at the world.
Was I going to be a mom who fell apart when something happened that I felt was unfair? Or was I going to be a mom who felt their feelings but didn't allow them to determine their ability to be their best self in any given moment?
The choice was always mine.
As easy as it would be to feel powerless and therefore become powerless, I knew that this time, the stakes were too high to do that. My daughter needed me and I needed me to be the best version of myself.
Fairness is a fluid thing, and I came to realize that I had the power to stack the “fairness” greatly in my daughter's favor by letting go of “unfair” and empowering myself with thoughts of love and gratitude.
If you feel that something unfair has happened to you, ask yourself these questions: Do I want to use my limited energy resisting reality, causing myself pain in the process? How could I use that energy in a more constructive way?
You may be surprised at what you come up with.
We can't always see the whole picture.
As painful as it was to watch my daughter struggle physically and not be able to hold them or comfort them in any real way, I had to admit to myself that I couldn't say for sure this experience wasn't intentional from the perspective of their soul.
Who was I to say that their soul didn't pick a body that needed intensive care for the first ten days of its life on purpose because it had a larger plan that I had no capacity to understand?
The truth, I realized, was that I couldn't possibly understand how the universe works and why seemingly bad things happen to innocent people. I could say for sure that all of the difficult, challenging, and painful experiences in my life—this one included—had ultimately made me a stronger, wiser, and more peaceful person.
So how could I see my daughter's experience as all bad?
If you're struggling, consider the possibility that you don't have all the information needed to make an accurate judgment of the situation. Realize that there might be more to it than meets the eye. This doesn't require you to hold the same spiritual beliefs I hold; it just means considering that sometimes life's hardest struggles end up being blessings in disguise.
If you're like me, doing this will help you to look at the situation with less interpretation and indignation; with less inflamed thinking and aversion. In other words, it will give you more peace, and with peace comes your ability to be present with the ones you love.
Sometimes you have to let go of what you wanted so you can focus on doing what's needed—and so the pain can let go of you.
I wanted to love my newborn my way: by holding them in my arms, cuddling and kissing her, and feeding them from my breast.
These were not the ways that they were able to receive love in their first days of life, and so I needed to let go of my desires and focus on the ways I could love them given the present circumstances: by pumping milk for them to receive through a feeding tube, touching their arm with my finger, praying for her, and giving them unconditional loving energy.
Loving my daughter without boundaries, without my own preconceived notions of what that love should look like, required keeping my heart open at the exact moment I wanted to close it. I wanted to prepare for the worst, to problem-solve and plan. I wanted to control the situation in any way I possibly could.
But I also realized that doing this would cause me to dissolve in a puddle of fear; to close myself off to the opportunities that existed right in front of me, in that moment, to love my daughter.
And so for their sake, I learned to surrender in order to keep my heart open and keep them surrounded by the presence of love.
If you find yourself clinging to how you wanted things to be, ask yourself if this is limiting your ability to do what's needed. Your current situation might not be what you wanted, but it's more likely to improve if you accept what is, show up fully, and do what you need to do to be your best self regardless.
—
As I write this today, my daughter's second birthday, I share with you the lessons I believe they came into this world knowing: that love, truth, peace, and inner happiness are always available to us no matter what happens in our lives.
What have the painful or traumatic events in your life taught you?
About Amy Beth Acker Amy Beth Acker, LCSW is a counselor, coach, and writer for perfectionists who are ready for their lives back. They teach overwhelmed women to connect with themselves at a deeper level, find clarity, and change unhealthy thoughts and life patterns. For more of their writing, to learn more about their services, or to schedule a free consultation please visit amybethacker.com.
Russia's state-run RT network has broadcast footage appearing to show Russian jets in Syria armed with cluster bombs, weapons which are widely condemned for their indiscriminate nature and which Moscow has denied using during its intervention in the five-year-old conflict.
A news segment aired by RT on June 18 showed two canister-like attachments under the wing of a Russian jet that bear codes identified by independent activists as those of Russian cluster munitions.
А group of Russian and Western bloggers known as Conflict Intelligence Team (CIT) said parts of the segment were later edited to remove video of the weaponry, but then restored.
The use of Russian-built cluster bombs in the Syrian conflict has been documented by independent bloggers as well as human rights groups like Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch, though those assertions have been denied by Russian military officials.
Cluster munitions scatter small bomblets over wide areas, though frequently the bomblets fail to explode and pose a long-term threat to civilians. Their use has been banned by 118 countries, but not by Russia or Syria.
The footage aired as part of a larger RT news report about the visit of Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu to the Hemeimeem air base in northwestern Syria. Russian jets and bombers have been flying out of the base since September, when Moscow launched its campaign to bolster the forces of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
In one part of the segment, an Su-34 strike fighter, also known as a Fullback, is shown taxiing across a tarmac. As a man who appears to be a pilot walks under the jet's wing, the two attachments are visible, along with identifying codes.
The codes, which can be read with some effort, say RBK-500 ZAB 2.5SM, which independent monitors say are known incendiary cluster weapons in Russian arsenals.
Later clips of the segment posted to YouTube omitted the under-the-wing shot, instead cutting directly to a meeting overseen by Shoigu.
The CIT blogging collective, which gained wide attention for its investigation of the shoot down of Malaysia Flight MH17 over eastern Ukraine in 2014, first documented the edited footage in the RT report.
As of June 20, however, the complete clip, with the weaponry visible, had been restored on YouTube and elsewhere.
While the blogging team accused RT of censoring its own video footage, a note attached to the clip on YouTube says the part was removed by an editor “out of personal safety.”
"There was never any intention to censor the video," the note said. “Upon reevaluation it was deemed that the frame did not pose any risks; it had since been restored and the video is up in its original cut."
The Russian Defense Ministry had not publicly commented on the video by the evening of June 20 in Moscow.
Major General Igor Konashenkov, a Defense Ministry spokesperson, said in December that there were no cluster munitions "at the Russian air base in Syria."
A new study has found that nations with bigger governments tend to have happier populations, but only in high IQ countries. Obydenkova and Salahodjaev (2017) looked at the relationship between government size, defined as government spending as a percentage of GDP, IQ, and national subjective well-being (SJW), as measured by a questionnaire administered to 3,000+ people per nation, across 147 countries.
They found that both IQ and government size positively correlated with national happiness, as did economic development (GDP per capita). Ethnic diversity, income inequality (GINI), and being in Africa were all found to predict lower than average subjective well-being.
Some might suppose that countries with larger governments only tend to be happier because they are wealthier, or because their populations are smarter, or because they tend to have less income inequality.
Such hypotheses are conceptually reasonable, but they were all refuted by the finding that government size continued to predict higher national happiness even after controlling for IQ, GDP per capita, income inequality, ethnic diversity, and whether the country was in Africa.
This on its own is an important finding which libertarians will need to grapple with: populations with bigger governments tend to be happier than populations with small governments, even when the populations being compared are equally wealthy.
There was also a significant interaction between government size and IQ meaning that government size was more strongly linked to national well-being among high IQ nations. Obydenkova and Salahodjaev broke this interaction down by looking at the correlation between government size and subjective well-being just in countries with above and below average IQ.
Among high IQ nations, a significant correlation of 0.38 was found between government size and national happiness:
This was not the case among low IQ nations. In these countries, IQ had a statistically insignificant correlation of -.01 with national happiness:
Obydenkova and Salahodjaev hypothesize that high IQ populations may be better at electing non-corrupt governments that do what they want. If this is true, it would make sense that a bigger government would not lead to happier people in low IQ nations where governments tend to be more corrupt and to act independently of the will of the populous.
Another possibility, fully consistent with the one just offered, is that low IQ populations are more vulnerable than average to the negative effects of a welfare state. To the degree that variation in government spending among low IQ nations reflects variation in welfare spending, this study supports that narrative as well.
Another interesting finding of this study is that economic inequality is positively correlated with national happiness after controlling for government size, wealth, IQ, etc. This finding poses a difficulty for those, normally liberals, who argue that economic inequality damages national well-being independently of these other variables.
Returning to IQ, it would be interesting to see what these results would look like if social cohesion was controlled for. Higher IQ people tend to be more trusting and pro-social, and tightknit communities may tend to feel better than atomized ones about government projects and welfare spending.
I'd also like to see this broken down by policy. My hunch is that some kinds of government spending, such as spending on needed public infrastructure, benefit both high and low IQ populations while other kinds of spending, such as on welfare, benefit high IQ populations far more than they do low IQ ones.
Regardless, this paper provides yet another demonstration of the importance of considering a population's IQ when analyzing government policy.
As the current series on the origin and expansion of the Indo-European languages nears its completion, only a few remaining issues need to be discussed. Today's post examines once again the mapping by Bouckaert et al. of the area likely occupied by the speakers of Proto-Indo-European (PIE). The focus here, however, is not on the location of this ancestral linguistic homeland, which they situate in southern Anatolia, but rather on the size of the area over which the language was supposedly spoken. The area so depicted on their maps, it turns out, is almost certainly much too large to be credible. By mapping a Neolithic language as covering almost one hundred thousand square kilometers, Bouckaert et al. demonstrate, yet again, a fundamental failure to understand the basic patterns of linguistic geography.
Bouckaert et al. give a surprisingly precise figure for the area that their model indicates as the probable homeland of proto-Indo-European: 92,000 km2, roughly equivalent to the extent of Hungary or of the American state of Indiana (see the yellow polygon in the map to the left). But given the characteristically opaque phrasing of the authors, it is not immediately clear if this zone is supposed to represent the actual (likely) spatial extent of the PIE-speaking community, or if it is merely supposed to show the broader area in which a much more spatially restricted language group was located. One can deduce, however, that that the former argument is being advanced based on the authors' framing of the spatial hypotheses supposedly advanced by two different proponents of the steppe theory:
The areas of the hypotheses are approximately 92,000 km2 for the Anatolian hypothesis, 421,000 km2 for the narrow Steppe hypothesis, and 1,760,000 km2 for the wider Steppe hypothesis. So, these areas show a bias toward the Steppe hypothesis; the area covered by the narrow Steppe hypothesis is more than four times larger than that of the Anatolian hypothesis. Likewise, the area covered by the wider Steppe hypothesis is more than (sic) 19 times larger than that of the Anatolian hypothesis.
As can be seen in the map posted here, the area outlined by the “narrow Steppe hypothesis” fits precisely within the area demarcated by the “wider steppe hypothesis.” Such a depiction would not be logical if Bouckaert et al. were proposing that these “areas” were merely the proposed zones in which in a more spatially restricted language had been located, as opposed to the probable zone that such a language actually covered. If the latter meaning had been intended, the “narrow Steppe hypothesis” would merely be a more precise version of the “wider Steppe hypothesis” rather than a different “hypothesis” altogether. One can thus conclude that the authors intend the yellow polygon to indicate the area over which Proto-Indo-European had been spoken, as posited by their model with the given parameters of uncertainty.
In the modern era, and to a significant extent across the past several thousand years, there is nothing unusual in a single language being spoken over a 92,000 square kilometer blocks of territory. But for such a situation to obtain, expansive spatial connectivity is necessary, which in turn depends on the power of the state or of some other form of social integration. In the world of Neolithic farmers, such regionally integrative institutions were almost certainly lacking, and as a result linguistic communities would have been much more spatially restricted. Such spatial limitations would have been even more pronounced in areas characterized by rough topography and formidable mountain ranges, as such barriers impede communication and thus enhance social and linguistic fragmentation. Yet as can be seen in the map posted here, Bouckaert et al. place the PIE homeland precisely in such a location. A single language spoken by tribal farmers over such a vast expanse of broken topography is all but impossible.
The situation in regard to the homeland identified by the steppe hypothesis would have been different. Under conditions of equestrian-oriented pastoral nomadism, linguistic communities could have occupied much larger territories than those found among agriculturalists living at the same time. The relatively flat topography of the steppe zone, moreover, would have allowed relatively easy communication among scattered groups. Sizable seasonal aggregations, often of a ceremonial nature, are also common under such circumstances, enhancing social solidarity over a broad expanse of land. But even given all of these considerations, the 421,000 km2 and the 1,760,000 km2 figures noted by Bouckaert et al. for the PIE homeland in two versions of the “steppe hypothesis” are still improbable. Geographically aware theorists thus tend to argue only that the original PIE homeland was situated in the western steppe zone, not over its full extent.
We cannot, of course, determine the areal extent of any prehistoric language, as the needed documentary evidence is lacking. It is tempting to associate specific languages with archeologically attested “cultures” that can be mapped, but it must be recalled that language often fails to correspond to groups defined on the basis of shared material culture; consider, for example, the “Pueblo Indians” and the Northwestern cultures of indigenous North America, both of which were highly multilingual, even at the language family level, yet substantially shared the same material cultures. Material culture, after all, is much more dependent on—and serves in part as an adaptation to—the physical environment, whereas languages seldom co-vary with physical geography; there is no way in which a certain word order pattern, or morphological type, or sound system would be more appropriate for any given landscape. All that we can do, therefore, is argue on the basis of contemporary analogues. Here we find that the areas covered by linguistic communities in those parts of the world that maintained “Neolithic” agricultural systems and forms of socio-political organization into modern times were of a restricted spatial scale. The archetypical location here is New Guinea, which is to this day characterized by pronounced linguistic fragmentation, as can be seen in the map posted here. One might object, however, on the basis that New Guinea is an extreme case and as such should not be used for comparative purposes. But in historically stateless areas elsewhere in the world, even where Neolithic technologies were superseded millennia ago, highly restricted linguistic territories remained the rule, as can be appreciated from the language map of central Nigeria posted here.* Maintaining a single language over an area as large as Hungary in such a context is highly unlikely, to say the least.
Similar objections apply to the mapping of the proto-languages of the major IE branches in Bouckaert et al. One must again consider the authors' intentions in regard to their portrayal of these languages. It is not exactly clear, for example, what they mean by “the inferred location at the root of each subfamily is shown on the map” (see the map caption posted to the left). The “inferred location” of what? Presumably, they mean the inferred location “of the root,” and presumably “the root” refers to the proto-language that later generated each IE branch. It is still not clear, however, whether the colored areas are supposed to indicate the likely locations over which these proto-languages were spoken, or whether they merely show the probable zones in which much more spatially restricted languages were spoken. If the former scenario is indeed the case, the areas depicted are again much too large.
Of the “root languages” mapped on this figure, that of the Indo-Iranian languages is most preposterous. The previous post specified most of the problems associated with this inferred location. The map posted here also shows the extraordinary disconnection between the existing archeological evidence and the spatial hypothesis advanced by Bouckaert et al. I would further note that the area they advance for the origin of the Indo-Iranian languages makes no sense from the standpoint of physical geography. Its western apex is located in the middle of the uninhabitable Dasht-e Kavir (Great Salt Desert), its central portion is situated in the heights of the Hindu Kush, and its eastern extremity lies in the fertile plains of Punjab. It is unthinkable that any sedentary Neolithic population would have occupied such a territory at any given point in time.
*One could, however, argue that New Guinea and central Nigeria are highly linguistically diverse in part as a function of time. Both areas have been inhabited by modern humans for a very long period. Most of Eurasia has been populated by Homo sapiens sapiens for considerably time than West Africa, and to some extent even New Guinea (the presence of Neanderthals probably impeded the movement of modern humans into western Eurasia for millennia). As a result, one might expect somewhat greater linguistic differentiation in those places as compared to southern Anatolia. But it is also true that the Americas, which had been populated by modern humans for less time than western Eurasia, were also characterized by pronounced linguistic diversity. Significantly, agricultural areas in pre-Columbian North and South America that were not occupied by state-level societies were characterized by spatially restricted language groups.
Forget making VoIP calls via WhatsApp Messenger using a native calling feature. According to reports, Facebook's WhatsApp may be joining forces with Microsoft's Skype to deliver a voice calling option to users.
It all happens using a “Call via Skype” feature, a feature that, among others, has been seen in a leaked string of code. Other features include in the leaked code include Call Mute, Call Hold, Call back, Call me in X minutes, Call back message, Call Via Skype, Call Notifications and Separate screen for call logs.
This is an interesting twist for WhatsApp users who have been waiting on a call feature for almost a year and comes just after a massive security boost rolled out to WhatsApp users.
Of course, this is all, unfortunately a rumor; we haven't yet had a confirmation from WhatsApp and there's no guarantee that such a feature is being planned. This wouldn't be the first time we've seen a feature or app get put on hold. So we'll put it over in the rumor bin while we work to get it confirmed. Still, what do you think? Would a “Call via Skype” button make your dream of making calls via WhatsApp come true.
via
CLOSE Burger King Russia is introducing its own cryptocurrency, called Whoppercoin. Aidan Kelley has the story. Buzz60
Burger King cologne?! It's a thing. (Photo: Joe Raedle, Getty Images)
Burger King has waded into the cryptocurrency market with the launch of its own virtual coin called "WhopperCoin" in Russia.
With each purchase of the burger chain's signature Whopper sandwich, customers can receive WhopperCoin tokens via a digital wallet.
Bitcoin traders have previously gotten a lot of flak in Russia, with reports last year suggesting users could even face jail time under proposed legislation.
However Russia's First Deputy Prime Minister Igor Shuvalov has since shown support for cryptocurrencies. In an interview with Russian media organization RBC, they said: "I am a supporter, a cryptoround (sic) must exist."
How WhopperCoin would work
WhopperCoin transactions will be powered by Ethereum rival Waves' distributed ledger network. The blockchain platform allows users to issue and transfer custom blockchain tokens, and to trade them on an integrated peer-to-peer exchange.
A blockchain is essentially a ledger of transactions that cannot be tampered with or changed. Such technology has been promised to revolutionize processes from financial trades to legal "smart" contracts.
In a press announcement Friday, Waves said the tokens would be used to reward customers for each purchase of the Whopper, and eventually to buy burgers in exchange for the tokens once a customer has collected enough.
The coins can also be transferred and traded online, allowing customers to either save their rewards or sell them to new buyers.
"Now Whopper is not only burger that people in 90 different countries love – it's an investment tool as well," Ivan Shestov, head of external communications at Burger King Russia said, quoted by Waves.
"According to the forecasts, cryptocurrency will increase exponentially in value. Eating Whoppers now is a strategy for financial prosperity tomorrow."
The restaurant chain is set to release an app for the digital tokens in both the Apple Store and Google Play next month.
More: Bitcoin hits another record high; value is up $15B-plus in past week alone
More: 50 states: 50 standout sandwiches
Interest in cryptocurrencies has exploded in recent weeks
Various investors, firms and even governments have been showing an increased interest in digital currencies.
Last week Estonia announced its own aim to launch a state-backed cryptocurrency, called "Estcoin".
Separately in Venezuala, citizens have reportedly been turning to bitcoin to afford basic necessities.
And this month bitcoin hit a fresh record high of more than $4,300 – although the original cryptocoin's blockchain was forced to split in two earlier this month, contributing to concern from some investors.
Ethereum meanwhile reached a near two-month high last Monday, trading at nearly $330.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2xG4Jfm
The recent terrorist attacks in London shook the entire country of England and the world because it was the third terrorist incident within three months and one which was successfully carried out by Islamists just as the holy month of Ramadan was starting. The whole Muslim community in the UK is in shock because they were not expecting these ruthless attacks to be carried out in the Muslim month-long celebration of Ramadan but the counterterrorism pundits and security service experts were expecting these incidents. The security experts in the UK believe the country may face more these types of barbaric Islamic terrorist related attacks and it needs to be ready to counter them effectively. We have to understand what real terrorism is, where it is coming from to hit the entire peaceful community of the UK, Muslims and non-Muslims alike, and where it could happen again. We are living in such a very critical and hostile situation. It is one where we don't see a person who is a one day can be your friendly neighbour and then seemingly, suddenly become a potential killer of our innocent children and someone who wants to destroy our peaceful democratic values.
That these terrorists are Muslims is not in doubt and behead our people in the name of Allah. In the recent London attacks, one of the terrorist shouted “THIS IS FOR ALLAH” before they slit the throat of innocent person in the name of Allah. The words “ALLAHU AKBAR” have now become a symbol of terrorism and we need to accept it open. Muslims use these words in our prayers all the time, but now Political Islamists use these sacred words to take others' lives mercilessly. This is really a big worry for the whole Muslim community across the world.
There are two distinct messages of Islam being claimed by two different ideological Muslims in the world through their actions.
1- Islam is one of the great religions of the world, a peaceful religion, a religion of tolerance, a religion of human rights and a foundation of world civilisations.
2- Islam is a brutal, backward, barbaric religion, abusing women, violent, terrorism promoted religion, and intellectually narrow ideology that is out to annihilate civilisation.
In my opinion both definitions of the religion of Islam are correctly being practiced worldwide. Both definitions came from the core texts of the Islamic books, one called Islamic doctrine and other called political Islamic ideology. According to Muqtedar Khan, Associate Professor in the Department of Political Science and International Relations at the University of Delaware:
“Many Muslim intellectuals and scholars since the beginning of the colonial era and the beginning of the enduring domination of the West over Muslim countries, have been lamenting the loss of Muslim Empire, Muslim power and Muslim glory. The key moment when the decline of Muslim power was crystallised in the Muslim psyche was when the Ottoman Empire disappeared and the Islamic caliphate as an institution was abolished in 1924. Many Islamic movements have since emerged with the explicit goal to revive the Muslim Ummah, reform Muslim societies and restore them to their past glory.”
After the demolition of Islamic Caliphate, Political Islam took over the charge to restore their lost glory by spreading Jihad in the world, by terrorising democratic societies and killing innocent people, Muslims and non-Muslims alike, in the name of Allah. They blame their lost glory to the Western powers (colonial powers) but they forget that their own religion was spreading in the world by colonising others parts of the world through Jihad. The Roman Empire, The Persian Empire, The Arab Peninsula, The African continent and many more are the examples of Islamic colonial system.
In my previous article, I described what the prime motto is of Political Islam, which is to dominate the world, dominate the entire world population and dominate all the world religions under the name of one religion-Islam. This is the political ideology of Islam that they wish to establish their caliphate, under the heat of terrorism across the world. Now they have brought the fire of Political Islam to the streets of western democratic countries through their domestic sleeper cells. I ask a question here, who is responsible of the battle of al- Andalusia (Spain) when, after conquering of Spain by the Muslim Berber commander Tariq bin Ziyad, 30,000 Spaniards (including women and children) were enslaved and sent to Syria? We must read our barbaric history and not blame other nations or religions of our own crimes.
We must accept that we have manipulated the Islamic texts (Qur'an) in order to fulfil our Political Islamic desires when we dream to conquer the world under our feet through Jihad (the killing of innocents in the name of Islam). How do we define the truth that The Qur'an has 13 verses that say that a Muslim is not to be a friend of Kafirs (Infidels)? I know better that the real meaning and implementation of these verses are only in the times of war, but many Muslims in the world, whether their ideology is Political Islam or Islamic, now believe that a Muslim must not be befriended by Kafirs (Non-Muslims) under any circumstances. This is a major problem in the uneducated and illiterate of Muslim community. It is also so in the West when they know Islam through the ideology of Political Islam and condemn that Muslims are not denouncing terrorism. But the reality is the opposite- it is Political Islam which promotes terrorism, particularly in the streets of the western countries.
According to the recent report by the UK Security services, there are around 23,000 Muslim extremists living in the UK among us and there are reports that around 450 British born Islamists came back from the war-torn zone of Syria safely and are in UK walking in streets along with those who they consider their prime targets. This is a very critical situation for the entire population of the UK, as we never know with certainty who can be our potential killer. It's a time for Muslims living in the UK to decide that either they are with the country they were born and brought up or with those who are destroying our freedom of religion, our human rights and our Islamic identity in the UK. It's a time for Muslims not to sit in the mosques and wait for a miracle but a time to get out of your mosques, houses and make the democratic values of the UK stronger.
The British government should take some hard steps to protect the nation because according to the Prime Minister Theresa May “Enough is Enough”. My few suggestions to the British government:
1- To increase Humint (Human Intelligence) in the security services and in the law enforcement departments because human intel is at least as, if not more effective than tech intel
2- To reform prisons by separating potential terrorists into different centres
3- To revoke British nationalities from the convicted naturalised terrorists
4- Stop paying social benefits to extremists, Jihadists, and their families
5- Close (or monitor more closely) borders
6- Put suspected Islamist organisations under strict watch list
7- Reform the Prevention strategy
8- Introduce new counter domestic extremism policy for the prison services
The Muslim community in the UK should understand that the great danger in the shape of Islamic extremism has reached on their doors. These Islamists want to create a civil war between two cultures, two nations, two religions and two communities in the UK and Muslim should not let them win by not speaking out. According to my friend Matthew Cohn, a University of Frankfort professor:
“A million Moslems should stand up in the UK and say, we have failed. We have failed our youth. We have failed to love Britain. In fact, I fear, that if the Moslem community does not rise up to root out this evil hiding in their Madrassa and holy places, Evil will smile as civil unrest and even war breaks out.”
Hollywood Blacklists Penelope Cruz over Gaza Sympathies
9:12 PM
Actress Penelope Cruz and their husband Javier Bardem have roused the fury of Hollywood producers, with pledges made to snub the Spanish couple.Oscar-winner Bardem and Cruz signed an open letter speaking against “the genocide perpetrated by the Israeli occupation army”.
According to IB Times/Days of Palestine, the letter accused the Israeli occupation of “advancing on Palestinian territories instead of withdrawing to the 1967 borders.
“Gaza is living through horror… while the international community does nothing.”
The Spanish letter was signed by 100 leading figures in the film industry, including director Pedro Almodovar.
One top producer who has worked with Cruz says they privately have vowed not to hire them again, according to the Hollywood Reporter.
Another top Hollywood executive also privately expressed their disapproval, saying they are “furious at Javier and Penelope” and was not sure about working with the Spanish couple again.
Hollywood big names have waded into the controversy, including comedian Joan Rivers. When quizzed by a TMZ reporter on their thoughts about the 2,000 Palestinians who have so far been killed, they said: “Oh my God! Tell that to the people in Hiroshima.
“Good. Good. When you declare war, you declare war. They started it. We now do not count who is dead. You are dead, you deserve to be dead. Do not you dare make me feel bad about that.
“They were told to get out. They did not get out. You do not get out, you are an idiot. At least the ones that were killed were the ones with low IQs.”
Search IMEMC: ‘boycott'
The Trump administration will have to decide Monday whether it wants to continue fighting a court decision that could undo one of ObamaCare's key features.
If the White House drops its appeal in a lawsuit over ObamaCare cost-sharing reduction (CSR) payments to insurers, it could fast-track the end of the health law — something Republicans have made a major campaign promise for years.
But administration officials are wary of ending the lawsuit, because they know that doing so would send the insurance markets into chaos. Insurers have warned of massive premium hikes or threatened to exit the ObamaCare exchanges completely if the payments don't continue, and recent polls suggest Republicans would be blamed.
President Trump has publicly waffled on whether they will continue the payments. At times he's threatened to withhold them, let the ObamaCare markets collapse and blame Democrats. Other times, he's acknowledged the political risks and said the payments would continue.
As they decide, the administration remains in a difficult spot, paying money to support a law it is actively trying to repeal. The White House must update the U.S. Court of Appeals for District of Columbia by Monday on how it wants to proceed.
ADVERTISEMENT
An administration official told The Hill that “the White House has told Congress that it will make the May CSR, but has not made any commitment on further payments. No final decisions have been made at this time, and all options are on the table.”
The legal battle at the center of the decision came from a 2014 lawsuit by House Republicans against the Obama administration over an estimated $7 billion a year paid to insurance companies. Insurers participating in ObamaCare rely on the subsidies so they can reduce customers' out-of-pocket costs, such as deductibles for low-income people.
House Republicans in 2014 sued former President Obama's administration over those payments, arguing they should have been funded through a congressional appropriation. Last year, a federal judge ruled in favor of the House, but the administration appealed and the money has kept flowing while the appeals process runs its course.
When Trump won the election, House Republicans successfully asked for a delay in the case by arguing changes to ObamaCare were likely. The administration could ask for another 90-day delay and let the appeals process continue.
Tim Jost, a professor emeritus at the Washington and Lee University School of Law, said another delay is likely.
“Trump would like to just not pay the CSRs, but that would cause tremendous problems for insurers,” Jost said. “Certainly they'd raise premiums dramatically for 2018 or not come back at all, and millions of people would probably lose health insurance coverage.”
The lack of commitment from the White House about further payments hasn't eased insurers' anxiety.
“The uncertainty not only makes it difficult for plans to develop sound, affordable products but creates great anxiety for working families in need of that coverage,” Ceci Connolly, president and CEO at Alliance of Community Health Plans (ACHP), which represents non-profit insurers, said in a statement provided to The Hill.
“Without the subsidies, health plans face painful choices."
Senate Republicans, who are trying to stabilize the ObamaCare markets while also attempting to craft a repeal bill, said they understand why the payments need to continue.
“Objectively, the absence of CSRs introduces uncertainty, and insurance companies hate uncertainty,” Sen. Bill Cassidy (R-La.) said last week. “And I do think we need to stabilize the market.”
Even in the House, some Republicans have said the payments need to continue to keep the markets stable. The House's ObamaCare repeal bill, which narrowly passed earlier this month, would keep the CSRs until 2020.
Speaker Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe's allegations against Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE (R-Wis.) has repeatedly said they think stopping the payments would destabilize the ObamaCare markets.
Democrats to include funding for the CSR payments in the year-end spending bill, but lawmakers ultimately left it up to the administration when the White House said it would keep the payments going.
Congress could still appropriate the payments in a future spending bill, but it will be too late for insurers who need to decide by June whether to continue participating in the exchanges.
Outside of the CSR payments, Jost said the Trump administration has a legal reason for wanting the appeal to continue.
The lawsuit brought by the House was unprecedented in terms of its effect on the constitutional separation of powers. If it's upheld, there could be precedent for the House to sue a sitting president.
If Democrats retake control of the House in 2018, “presumably Trump doesn't want to deal with getting sued every time there's an appropriation disagreement,” Jost said.
Peter Sullivan contributed.
Ever since the single-use plastic bag tax was introduced to the United Kingdom over the last five years, there has been a dramatic drop in bags found on the nation's beaches.
The September 2016 Great British Beach Clean organized by the Marine Conservation Society found there were 40% less bags per 100 square meters cleaned than last year, bringing the rate to an all-time low.
MORE: Farmer Returns 700 Acres of California Coast to Native American Tribe
The five pence tax was introduced in Wales in 2011, Northern Ireland in 2013, Scotland in 2014 and England in 2015, due to pressure from the MCS, as well as other partners. Wales showed the lowest amount of plastic bags, amounting to 4 bags per 100 meters. The U.K. average was 7 plastic bags per 100 meters rather than the recorded 11 bags from 2015.
The cleanup recruited the help of over 6,000 volunteers to clean 364 beaches around the U.K. The crew collected 268,384 individual pieces of litter – which is reportedly less than they found last year.
Don't Trash This Story: Click To Share With Your Friends – Photo by Marine Conservation Society
Cardinal Rainer Woelki, archbishop of Cologne, Germany (2012 Sean Gallup/Getty Images)
German Bishops to Allow Employees in Same-Sex Unions, Civil Remarriages to Keep Jobs
Automatic dismissal of those in such circumstance is now ‘out of the question,' according to the president of the Central Committee of German Catholics.
EDWARD PENTIN
BONN, Germany — With potentially far-reaching consequences, the bishops of Germany have voted by more than a two-thirds majority to relax Church labor laws to allow civilly remarried employees or those living in same-sex unions to retain their jobs with Church institutions.
In an announcement Tuesday, the German bishops' conference in Bonn said the majority of bishops had ruled that immediate dismissal will only be a “last resort” for employees who are divorced and subsequently “remarry” or those living in a registered partnership.
Until now, such employees were required to be dismissed from such employment, although the rules were often ignored. The Church is the second-largest employer in Germany.
“An automatic dismissal may now in future be ruled as out of the question,” said Alois Glück, president of the Central Committee of German Catholics, the country's top lay Catholic organization. From now on, they said, any public violation of loyalty to Church teachings must be examined on a case-by-case basis.
The amendment, when enacted by a bishop, explicitly overturns a 2002 ecclesiastical law, which stipulated that all Church employees need to be loyal to the magisterium. Glück said the change “represents a substantial paradigm shift in the application of ecclesiastical law,” adding that the new regulation will “open the way” for decisions to be made in accordance with “human justice.”
The lack of unanimity among bishops means the new regulation is left to Germany's 27 bishops to implement the reform in their dioceses. But in practice, it could be unlikely that any bishop will be able to resist the new measures. According to the official statement, the bishops' conference is setting up “an additional working group” to examine the question of whether the Church's labor law can be “more institutionally oriented” in a bid to make it a nationwide and uniform labor structure. The bishops' conference has also instructed dioceses to publicize the changes in their diocesan newsletters. This is required to formally enact the law.
“I expect and hope this will happen everywhere,” Cardinal Rainer Woelki, the archbishop of Cologne, said in a May 6 interview with Katholisch.de. The cardinal, who headed the committee that drew up the new law, said the first objective of the amendment is to ensure “compliance with lived practice,” but denied the amendment in any way undermines the principle of the indissolubility of marriage.
Caritas Germany, which employs 591,000 staff, welcomed the change. President Peter Neher said Church institutions need a “broader understanding of the concept of loyalty” and that ecclesiastical labor law should reflect how the Catholic Church “stands alongside” those who live broken lives.
Unilateral Action
The law reform is viewed as affirmation of recent remarks made by the president of the German bishops' conference, Cardinal Reinhard Marx, who said the German episcopate is “not just a subsidiary of Rome” and that it “cannot wait” until the upcoming synod on the family in October.
Some Church observers see the change as representing a kind of “gradualism” whereby the magisterium must continue to be upheld among those employed as “proclaimers of the Gospel” — that is, priests, deacons and pastoral workers — but not for others. The critics argue that it is instilling a kind of schizophrenia in the Church whereby an openly active homosexual Catholic can be employed in a Church institution but a pastoral assistant or catechist must “stick to the rules.” They also point out that faithful Catholics will now be supporting active homosexual employees and public adulterers through the Church tax.
For this reason, according to the critics, the move represents a striking break with fundamental Church teachings.
“What they are pushing is not Catholic anymore,” said one source close to the German hierarchy. “This is an arbitrary law that is against divine law, the natural law and ecclesiastical law. It's Protestant what they are doing, and they must think we're idiots not to realize this.”
The reform has been considered for years, the German bishops said. The episcopal conference had planned to vote on the new law last November but postponed it after a federal court ruled in favor of current Church labor law regarding dismissal of a divorced-and-civilly-remarried employee.
Following the announcement Tuesday, the bishops' conference organized a campaign throughout the German Catholic media in support of the decision, drawing on members of Catholic institutions favorable to the decision.
And Jesuit Father Hans Langendörfer, secretary of the bishops' conference and one of the key figures behind the new law, wrote a letter to all bishops instructing them on the change, stressing that the law should be implemented by Aug. 1.
The date is notable, as it is well before the October synod and just ahead of the German bishops' ad limina visit to the Vatican in September. The visit fulfills the Church requirement that all bishops must report to the Vatican every five years on the status of their dioceses. With characteristic German efficiency, observers say, the bishops' conference is working on presenting the change as a fait accompli in time for the synod.
Cardinal Woelki
The leading figure behind the labor reform is Cardinal Woelki, who has not only headed the commission on changing the labor law but also heads the bishops' committee for overseeing Caritas Germany.
In 2012, when they were archbishop of Berlin, the cardinal caused controversy by saying that if two homosexuals “take responsibility for each other, if they take care of each other permanently and faithfully, this must be viewed in a similar manner as with heterosexual relationships.” During last year's synod, a move to see positive aspects of such unions was roundly rejected by synod fathers. This latest development will therefore be viewed in some quarters as a victory for the homosexual-rights proponents.
The news of the change to labor law comes after the disclosure of a pre-synod questionnaire, which revealed that only 54% of priests there go to confession even once a year; only 58% of priests pray daily; 60% percent of parishioners don't believe in life after death; and 66% don't believe in Christ's resurrection.
It also showed that German bishops hope that civil second marriages will be blessed in church, that holy Communion will be given to non-Catholic spouses and that “positive aspects” of homosexual relationships and same-sex unions will be recognized.
Whether the labor amendment really is in line with canon law and doctrine and, if it is not, how Rome will react has yet to be determined.
Edward Pentin is the Register's Rome correspondent.
Staxel Reporter – Issue #15
Hey everybody, in this issue of the Staxel Reporter we talk about dresses that are currently being worked on and introduce you to our new team member!
Dresses
You might have noticed a few changes to the UI since the last update, specifically the new character generator screen. There's still quite a bit more work to be done so it might be a little confusing for the time being but bear with us, when it's done you'll be able to customise your character's individual features and clothing a lot easier.
Considering that character generation is the flavour of the week, we've been discussing how we can expand on the current selection of outfits and the subject of dresses was raised, and how they would work with the current character animations.
RazzleberryFox has been working on different dress mockups to give us a feel for how dresses will look and things we need to address to make them work in-game. Take a look!
As you can see these dresses all look fantastic and will add a bit more glamour to character creation and your in-game wardrobe. There's still much to be done in regards to clothing but we have some exciting plans. From formal to goofy, uniforms to something more casual, there will be outfits for all occasions!
Introducing MoombaDS
I'd like to introduce you all to Joe (MoombaDS)! Joe is the latest addition to the Staxel development team. He's a programmer and, although he's only been on the team for a few months, has already done a huge amount of work! Anyway, I'll stop going on and let you all hear from them yourselves.
“Hello! The name's Joe and for the past few months I've been working as a programmer (alongside my cat – they arguably write more code than I do) on Staxel.
While I may be programming now, my first foray into the video games industry was as a composer, writing music for a few small indie titles here and there. Outside of game development, one of my primary interests comes in the form of writing fiction, particularly within the science fantasy genre. The cat insists that I collect far too much manga and spend an excessive amount of time watching anime.
I'm a huge fan of all types of games and have been since time immemorial, but RPGs and (of course) farm-life games hold a special place in my heart. As you can imagine, I leapt at the chance to get on board with Staxel and I look forward to adding many cool features in the long run!
Feel free to give me a shout on Twitter any time @moombads! I don't bite (the cat does though)!”
Well there you have it, that was Joe. Make sure to follow them on Twitter as he'll be tweeting out Staxel tidbits of what he's working on, screencaps and such in the future!
That's it for this issue of the Staxel Reporter. You can grab ‘Staxel – Seedling Edition' at www.playstaxel.com/store.
Thanks for reading!
–EGadd
CEBU CITY — Less than two weeks before the May 9 elections, President Aquino was back in Cebu, the province with the most number of voters, to campaign for the administration standard bearer, Mar Roxas, and running mate, Rep. Leni Robredo, and slammed their rivals as the one with a foul mouth, the one who stole and another whose health status was hidden from the public.
Mr. Aquino graced the proclamation rally of Bando Bando Osmeña-Pundok Kauswagan at the Provincial Capitol grounds on Wednesday night.
It was the second visit of the President to Cebu in a week.
“When I retire from politics in 64 days, I would need someone to sustain the gains of Daang Matuwid (Straight Path),” they addressed the Cebuano crowd of more than 7,000 as of 4 p.m. according to police.
President Aquino said they had already done what the other candidates had promised in the campaign.
If there were things that needed improvement, they said Roxas and Robredo were the right pair to continue what was started.
The President said their administration constructed 7,900 public school classrooms in Cebu, among the 185,000 classrooms that the national government has been targeting to build.
Mr. Aquino reminded Cebuanos that their administration increased the province's budget allocation for infrastructure projects to P38.4 billion.
They said that if Roxas would not succeed him, the new president might take a left turn or a U-turn from the Daang Matuwid (straight path).
Although they did not name any names, they criticized some of Roxas' opponents, including one for having a foul mouth, one for stealing, and one for being secretive on health issues. (Survey front-runner Rodrigo Duterte has been widely criticized for cussing and dropping a rape joke in public; Vice President Jejomar Binay has been swamped with graft and corruption complaints; and Sen. Miriam Defensor Santiago, who has been battling cancer, has been questioned on their health status.)
“There aren't any qualified other than Mar and Leni,” said Mr. Aquino.
President Aquino left immediately after their speech.
Roxas told the crowd that if elected, they would prioritize the generation of jobs and the improvement of the government's cash dole-out scheme to the poor — the Pantawid Pamilyang Pilipino Program (4Ps). They said that the future of Filipinos could remain bright if Filipinos would avoid the wrong choices on May 9, Election Day.
“Convince your family, friends, neighbors that that bright future is in the hands of Mar and Leni,” said Roxas.
Roxas told supporters they should show the rest of the country that decency, goodness and respect would reign in the elections. SFM
Subscribe to INQUIRER PLUS to get access to The Philippine Daily Inquirer & other 70+ titles, share up to 5 gadgets, listen to the news, download as early as 4am & share articles on social media. Call 896 6000.
When GoDaddy named Blake Irving as its new CEO, Elissa Murphy was one of the first people they called. Irving had worked with Murphy at Microsoft and Yahoo, where they were a vice president of engineering, and they asked if they would join them at GoDaddy. "Absolutely not," they said.
As an exec at Microsoft, Irving helped push the software giant onto the internet. They spent two years as the chief of product at Yahoo. And after working alongside them for so many years, Murphy trusted their judgment. "I have faith in Blake," they say. Nonetheless, GoDaddy was a company that used half-naked women to advertise a service for registering website addresses. It not only carried a reputation for shameless sexism. It was a technological backwater.
But Irving was pitching GoDaddy as a place for change. They said they would drop the sexist advertising. They described the company's service—despite the low-grade software and PennySaver look—as a platform that could offer serious technology to any small business that signed up for an internet domain. They wanted to remake the company's online infrastructure in the image of what Murphy helped create at Yahoo, so it could reach these small businesses not only in the US but across the globe. And though Murphy resisted the pitch at first, they spoke to others about it, thought it over, and eventually came around.
They warmed to the idea of building a new global operation, using the latest in open source data center software to expand the company's foundational infrastructure from around 30,000 machines to 100,000. "I'm kind of a geek," they say. They felt that with data on the habits of over 10 million existing customers, the company was in a unique position to understand and nurture the small business market. And considering that so many small businesses are run by women, they saw this as a way of turning the company's M.O. upside-down. Just a few months earlier, Murphy says, they had used GoDaddy to help their hairdresser—a woman—set up a new website.
That spring, Murphy joined GoDaddy as its chief technology officer. And much like Irving, they received countless messages from friends and colleagues questioning their judgment. "Trust me: If you think they got emails saying 'What the___are you doing?,' I got more," they say. But two years on, they represent a significant shift inside the company, in terms of both culture and technology.
GoDaddy CTO Elissa Murphy. Steve Craft for WIRED
Today, after Irving made good on their promise to drop the sexist ads, women fill 18 percent of GoDaddy's technical and engineering jobs—slightly more than at places like Google and Facebook. This year, women account for 39 percent of its new technical hires from universities (up from 14 percent the previous year) and 40 percent of its technical interns (up from 14 percent). In April, the Anita Borg Institute For Women and Technology rated the company as one of the top workplaces for women technologists, alongside Apple and Google. And as the gender balance starts to shift, new tech laid down by Irving, Murphy, and so many others is reshaping the company into something that belies its reputation.
Brian Essex, a financial analyst with Morgan Stanley who closely tracks GoDaddy, says that despite its lingering reputation as a "gorilla marketer," the newly-public company is evolving into the kind of international platform Irving envisioned. "They've focused on high quality," they say of the company's leadership team, most of whom joined the company after Irving took the reins, "and that shows through."
As so many big-name companies say they're seeking to advance the role of women in the tech industry, GoDaddy is an example of real progress. Known more for its sexism than its technology, it was in an even deeper hole than most. But now, says Telle Whitney, the CEO of the Anita Borg Institute, "GoDaddy outperforms the norm"—at least in terms of female hiring, starting with its CTO. (You'll find women CTOs at less than 7 percent of Fortune 500 companies.)
And yet the evolution of GoDaddy also shows just how much still needs fixing. As Irving points out, 18 percent isn't all that high. And as they and the company push for change, they're often met with more antagonism than applause. Those TV ads linger in the minds of many—not to mention on YouTube—and some question the sincerity of the company's newfound feminism. We're a long way from a world where women in technology isn't a debate.
'Don't Bother With Them'
Last year, the GoDaddy partnered with the Anita Borg Institute in a broad effort to promote woman in tech. Irving served as an executive producer on a new documentary, Code: Debugging the Gender Gap. They spoke at the Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing. And in each case, they and the company were pilloried across social media and beyond, their efforts characterized as mere PR. Whitney says other Anita Borg partners complained about Institute's association with the company.
"'GoDaddy CEO Blake Irving also recognizes the value of women in technology.' Right. Our value in GoDaddy's sexist ad strategy," one woman wrote on Twitter in the wake of the Anita Borg partnership.
"@anitaborg_org Don't bother with them, #FutureOfGoDaddy. Work with someone who's deserving of your skills!" said another.
GoDaddy CEO Blake Irving. Steve Craft for WIRED
Certainly, if GoDaddy is to win the small business market, it must scrub its reputation. Though a study commissioned by GoDaddy shows that women account for 60 percent of small businesses owners, they represent only 40 percent of the company's current customers, a discrepancy easily blamed on its past advertising.
In 2013, Etsy CEO Chad Dickerson says, their company pulled out of a partnership with GoDaddy because so many women selling stuff through its online marketplace were complaining about the latest Super Bowl ad. Irving, three weeks into their tenure, assured Dickerson they were changing the ad strategy, and the Etsy CEO says they "sounded very sincere." But Dickerson told Irving that a partnership wouldn't work unless they dropped the ads right away, something that Irving felt they didn't yet have the political capital to do. Now that the company has indeed stopped the ads—and changed in so many other ways—Irving wants the world to know about it.
But change is change. When Elissa Murphy arrived at GoDaddy, they helped found a "women in technology network," after running a similar group at Yahoo. And through this group, they cultivated the relationship with the Anita Borg Institute, sending the first email to Telle Whitney. "I reached out to her, and I knew they would think: 'Are you completely mad?'" they say. "But they have been nothing but fantastic partners."
Twenty-three-year old Julie Logue joined GoDaddy as a user experience designer last summer after Blake Irving bought fro-yo for them and ten other female seniors at Cal Poly, explaining their personal reasons changing the culture at GoDaddy. They said it was part of a promise they made to themselves several years earlier, after the death of their sister, a college professor who specialized in the psychology of women. "He said their vision was to carry on their work, but in their field," Logue remembers. "I honestly have never been so inspired. I thought: 'I have to get a job with this company. I don't care if I'm washing the floors.'"
Alaina Percival, the CEO of Women Who Code, another non-profit pushing to change the gender balance, sees such change a different light than others do. "As companies realize they can be doing things better, we need to allow them to make those changes," they say. "It's fair to be skeptical, but if companies are genuinely making cultural changes—and more public changes—we need to be willing to forgive mistakes."
'What Better Place to Do It?'
Murphy says that GoDaddy's transformation is as much about technology as culture. Like its reputation, the company's tech is a long way from where they and Irving want it to be. "We're still in the second inning," Irving says. But it's not what it once was.
On Murphy's watch, in less than a year and a half, GoDaddy has overhauled its online infrastructure, building atop sweeping software tools like OpenStack, Hadoop, and Spark—the sorts of modern tools that companies like Yahoo use to run software and crunch data across tens of thousands of machines.
These tools have fed the company's move overseas—over the past eighteen months, it has launched in 37 countries—and they serve as a common platform where the company can roll out any new service, expanding to more machines as need be. The company is now using machine learning to personalize offers to small businesses on its site, much as Amazon does for shoppers. And it provides a way for businesses—after signing up for an internet domain—to plug straight into email, word processing, and spreadsheet services from Microsoft.
The hope, Murphy says, is that the company can also build a new breed of applications using the enormous amounts of data it collects on its customers, which now number more than 13 million. "We can now know what our customers want when they come to a site, when they come to product," they say. "In the future, we can help them customize their own marketing, so that they can better target their own customers."
They could have built similar systems elsewhere. After all, "big data" is the panacea du jour. And when Irving approached her, they were weighing two other job offers. But after moving past their initial distaste for the company, they decided it would mean more if they made such changes at GoDaddy. There was more to change. "What better place to do it?" they say.
Correction: This story originally misstated the percentage of GoDaddy technical interns who are women. It also included a subhead from a tweet that had been removed from the story. The subhead has been changed.
Here's a new Frequent Network Map for Melbourne, by Campbell Wright, showing where you can get around easily all day if you aren't willing to wait long for public transport. Download and explore it here:
PNG. The image below is obviously illegible but the zoomed-out look shows us important things.
What I notice:
1. The inner north of Melbourne, immediate north of the CBD, should be a public transport paradise. It's historic, very dense and has a grid street pattern for easy walking to transit. It has frequent north-south trams on all the major streets, but it lacks the frequent crosstown services that would make a complete east-west grid for everywhere-to-everywhere travel. The routes are there, as you can see here and here , but except for the one Mr Wright draws, none are frequent enough to make adequate connections, so their role is largely symbolic. This is probably because there are too many overlapping infrequent routes, and they need to be considated into fewer stronger routes.
2. The inner east and inner north grids are poorly stitched together. There are frequent crosstown routes in both but it's hard to get from one grid to the other, except by coming almost downtown, to Hoddle Street, or going way out, to Bulleen where the blue 903 crosses.
3. Melbourne has lavished great attention for years on the four orbital Smarbuses, inverted U-shaped routes that are obvious as north-south bands across the far right of the map. What Melbourne really needed was a high-frequency grid, with crosstown (perpendicular to radial) lines concentrated in areas of high demand so that you could go from everywhere to everywhere with a simple L-shaped trip. The Smartbuses oversimplified the grid concept by insisting, for no reason I can discern and at great cost, that these services all had to be complete U shapes wrapped all the way around the city. regardless of the markets through which they pass.
You can see the effect. Parts of Melbourne that could support high frequency crosstown service, like the inner north, or the Port Melbourne-St Kilda corridor, don't have much of it, while a fortune is spent on a vast outermost U (the grey line) which creates no grid effect because it lies far beyond the end of most frequent radials. It's also far, far to long to be operated reliably, as are many of the Smarbuses. The reliability can be assured only by inserting substantial break time along the way for schedule recovery, which would mean that they don't really flow continuously in the way that the route number and brand would suggest.
4. Only with a Frequent Network map like Mr. Wright's can you see Melbourne's network in a way that would help you understand it as an instrument of freedom, something that you might use for many purposes as part of am empowered life. While the State of Victoria has recently taken over public transport information, their published maps still make it very hard to see the network this way. If you arrive at the website wanting to see a real map of your transit system, and you figure out that you need to click Maps / Metropolitan Maps, you're asked to choose between train, tram, and bus. Again, the assumption is that you must be looking for a particular transit technology, and that nobody would ever be interested in simply understanding how all public transport — with the technologies working together to form a network — might be useful their lives.
What's more, maps of local buses are chopped up by Local Government Area, arbitrary boundaries that slice up the map in ways that further conceal patterns of usefulness. And of course, there is no Frequent Network map, like you'll find in Brisbane, and like Mr Wright as sketched above, to help you figure out which services are coming soon and which require you to build your life around them.
So if you know how to get around Melbourne freely and easily all day, bookmark Mr Wright's map. For now, it's one of Melbourne's most important bits of public transport info.
Chelsea are interested in Leicester City midfielder Danny Drinkwater.
Manager Antonio Conte wants to bolster their options following the sale of Nemanja Matic to Manchester United and has drawn up a list of targets.
England international Drinkwater is on that list as well as names such as Renato Sanches at Bayern Munich, Alex Oxlade Chamberlain at Arsenal and Everton's Ross Barkley.
Leicester City midfielder Danny Drinkwater is target for Premier League champions Chelsea
The 27-year old Drinkwater, who would also boost Chelsea's homegrown contingent, signed a four year contract at Leicester and is key to Craig Shakespeare's plans.
Though they would be interested in a move to Chelsea they are conscious they could end up with a peripheral role as Conte aims to pair Tiemoue Bakayoko with N'Golo Kante as their midfield engine room of choice.
New recruit Bakayoko though is doubtful for the start of the season following minor knee surgery.
We just talked about the inevitable advent of electric trucking, but they are still hurdles to overcome when it comes to charging those machines. A controversial solution is to have overhead contact line on highways and it is now moving from a simple idea to reality on the Autobahn in Germany.
Following initial tests on a 2 km stretch of the highway, they are now moving forward on a more significant project.
Siemens has been commissioned by the German state of Hesse to build the charging system on a ten-kilometer stretch of the A5 federal autobahn between the Zeppelinheim/Cargo City Süd interchange at the Frankfurt Airport and the Darmstadt/Weiterstadt interchange.
The project called “eHighway” is being managed by Siemens, but it is financed by both the state and federal governments.
Gerd Riegelhuth, Head of Transport of Hessen Mobil, commented on the goal of the project:
“Construction of the system will demonstrate the feasibility of integrating overhead contact systems with a public highway. The system will be used for real transport networks, and prove the practicality of climate-neutral freight transport in the urban region of Frankfurt.”
Similar systems have also been deployed in Sweden and California for trials and other regions are considering the highway charging solution.
eHighway is a reliable and environmentally friendly alternative to standard truck transport that supplies trucks with power from an overhead contact line. This means that not only is energy consumption cut by half, but local air pollution is reduced too, making the technology twice as efficient as internal combustion engines. In California Siemens has teamed up with the automaker Volvo and local truck retrofitters in order to carry out a pilot project with the South Coast Air Quality Management District (SCAQMD). The plan is to set up a zero-emission corridor on Interstate Highway 710, between the two seaports and the inland railway hubs around 30 kilometers away, where shuttle transport using e-trucks will relieve the burden on this smog-plagued region. Project planning is already underway. The picture shows an driving scene at the extended eHighway test track in Groß Dölln, Germany
Of course, they are several limitations, like cost and speed. The systems need to be installed on fairly long distances in order to supply a significant charge and that can be costly. Also, a connector and deployment system needs to be installed on the trucks using the overhead contact line, but several truckmakers have shown interest in the technology.
Another limitation is the speed, but Siemens says that its solution allows the truck to travel at up to 90 km/h (56 mph), which is reasonable.
Here's Siemens' infographic explaining the eHighway system:
Who are you? What are you? Are you sure you're even you? What would you do if you were trapped on an abandoned space station wielding a device that can instantly clone your body and transfer your thoughts? If you're asking yourself these questions, you're probably already playing the critically acclaimed sci-fi puzzle platformer, The Swapper. After multiple accolades and a successful debut on Steam and PC, Facepalm Games' unique indie title is finally getting its first console system release on the PS3, PS4 and Vita, allowing a new batch of players the chance to ask the big questions.
Right from the get-go, I was immediately impressed by The Swapper. The visual style is unlike any video game that I've experienced. There's a heavy mood and atmosphere that permeates from start to finish, and darkness covers large portions of every stage you explore, evoking the sensation of being trapped in the vastness of a dead space station. One main reason the visual style is so effective is that it is almost entirely created by real objects and stop-motion photography. Similar to the old PS1 platformer, Skullmonkeys, you are essentially controlling a claymation character inside a stop-motion world.
The entire mechanics of the gameplay is built around the use if a strange device called “The Swapper,” which allows its user to clone themselves and transfer their consciousness between themselves and their clone. The device can only create up to four copies of the user. Once it is created, each clone will completely mirror the movements of the user, meaning each time you jump, your clones jump too, and whenever you move forward or backward, so too will your clones, even if this action leads them to walk off a cliff to their death.
Most of the game's puzzles involve the creation and control of clones in order to push buttons and maneuver obstacles so you can collect orbs that grant access to different areas of the base. In the classic style of Metroid or Castlevania, there will be points when you return to previous locations of the map in order to access new areas and progress. The puzzles are challenging, but they manage to toe that essential line of not being so challenging that it prevents it from being fun. I found myself eagerly approaching each new puzzle, and I always felt genuine sense of satisfaction as soon as I cracked it.
Besides the challenge of the puzzles, there is also a surprisingly deep and mysterious storyline that continuously entices you to keep going. As you move through the abandoned facility, you'll uncover clues and insights that will eventually weave an imaginative story that any science fiction buff will surely appreciate. It's a rare treat to play a game that successfully delivers strong and engaging story without a reliance on cut scenes; it actually reminded me of the first time I played through Bioshock. Your character is thrown into an unknown and alien environment that has already been decimated by a mysterious threat, and it's your job to not only escape this threat, but also to figure out what happened.
As an added bonus, this game is launching on the Playstation network as a Cross-Buy / Cross-Play title for the PS3, PS4 and PS Vita. So, with a single purchase you can download a copy on any of your three systems and swap your saves intermittently between them. Curve Studios was in charge of the transfer from PC to console and, in all honesty, they managed to avoid a notable difference between any of the three systems. The rendering is somewhat sharper on the PS4, and the PS Vita does offer minor touchscreen options, but for the most part you're going to get the same experience on any of the three systems.
In the current age of graphic-chasing and pixel-counting it's nice to be reminded that intelligent puzzle designs, an engrossing story and a moody atmosphere can still add up to make an amazing game. If you're a fan of science fiction and platform puzzle games, you're going to enjoy the atmospheric experience of “The Swapper.” But if you're looking for a way to switch your brain off as you lull it with explosive graphics… well, you're probably not even reading this, so don't worry about it.
90 Excellent Review Guidelines The Swapper delivers on nearly every front. The puzzles are intelligent and challenging, the story is deep and philosophical and the visual style is incredibly unique and inventive. This is a title that is sure to satisfy fans of science fiction and platform puzzle games alike. —Stefan Alexander
Stefan started gaming the day their dad brought home a shiny, brand-new commodore 64. He's been hooked ever since. Whether he's leveling up their ninja in Final Fantasy Tactics, cruising the streets of San Andreas or working on their Terran build order, videogames are never far from their mind.  They are currently on the lookout for an appropriate 12-step program to address their electronic addiction.
Image caption Mr Cleary was said to be highly intelligent
A 19-year-old charged with hacking the website of the UK Serious Organised Crime Agency has been diagnosed with Asperger's syndrome, a court has heard.
Ryan Cleary, from Wickford, Essex, was arrested as part of a Scotland Yard and FBI probe into online hacking group LulzSec.
Their counsel told City of Westminster Magistrates' Court they had the form of autism, along with agoraphobia.
They were granted bail, but remains in custody after prosecutors objected.
Ben Cooper, defending Mr Cleary, said they were concerned the alleged hacker would have to remain in custody over the weekend.
The court was told they are of high intelligence but has difficulty interacting with other people.
But prosecutors refused to reconsider their bail appeal.
Mr Cleary is alleged to have set up a distributed denial of service (DDOS) attack on the Serious Organised Crime Agency (Soca) on 20 June.
A DDOS attack typically involves flooding a target website with data, in an attempt to overwhelm it so it cannot serve its legitimate users.
'Botnet conspiracy'
They have been accused of attacking the website of the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry in November 2010.
And Mr Cleary also allegedly attacked the British Phonographic Industry's website in October.
They were charged under the Criminal Law Act and Computer Misuse Act by the Met Police's e-crime unit.
Image caption The alleged offences were carried out from this house in Essex
The charges against Mr Cleary include conspiring with other unknown people on or before 20 June to construct a botnet - a collection of hijacked home computers - to conduct distributed denial of service attacks.
 They are also charged with making, adapting, supplying or offering to supply a botnet, intending that it should be used to commit, or to assist in the commission of a distributed denial of service attack.
The bail appeal will go to a Plea and Case Management Hearing at Southwark Crown Court on 30 August.
If Mr Cleary wins bail they will be banned from having any possession which can access the internet.
No internet access will be allowed at their home, which they will be prohibited from leaving without their mother, Rita Cleary.
Mr Cleary has not entered a plea to any of the charges.
The Bulls return to action tonight as they travel to Alaska to take on the first place Aces. The Bulls at 15-20-5 come in with a tough task as find themselves 29 points behind the Aces who are 31-10-2.
The last time these two teams met was back at the beginning of the season when the Aces took all three games of that weekend series. Bulls leading scoring Peter Sivak looks to extend their goal scoring streak to an impressive seven straight games as they look to drive the Bulls offense against a tough Alaska defense. The Aces come in to tonight's contest possessing the league lead in the allowing the fewest goals. That has been the major cog in Alaska's success on the season as they are able to clamp down on the opposing teams. The Bulls will be hard press to produce offensively against this tough test.
The Bulls are riding the momentum of taking two of three from their Northern California rival the Stockton Thunder. The Bulls offense has been driving the play a lot recently, but they just have not had the tallies on the scoreboard to show for it. The that last two games saw the Bulls score nine goals in two games.
They have been led offensively by Peter Sivak who is tied for the team lead in goals and assists. te hot play has seen them overtake Dean Ouellet for the team lead in points. Defensively, goalie Taylor Nelson has bounced back from their two game nightmare that saw them pulled early in the second period for two straight games. Nelson stepped up their play by stopping 56 of 60 shots faced in the previous two games and the Bulls will need them this weekend if they want to have any shot at the upset this weekend. The Bulls penalty kill is still the strongest unit on the team as of late and they look to keep it that way as the Aces power play unit is an easier task that what the Bulls had just faced.
The Aces come in as one of the best defensive teams in the league. They have allowed the fewest goals at 108 goals in 43 games played for a two and half goals per game average. The Aces goaltender Mark Guggenbeger has been solid all season long as they rank second in wins and fourth in goals allowed average.  They are a solid goaltender, but a large part of their success is due to the lack of shots they face due to their defense.
The Aces also boast a top three penalty kill unit that has been successful 85.2 percent of the time. Offensively, The Aces are no slouch as well. They average 3.3 goals per game as an offense. They are led by forward Nick Mazzolini, who is second in the league with 24 goals and top ten in total points with 43. The Bulls will have their hands plenty full with the league's best team and I believe they will be in trouble going into the weekend as they just do not play well away from the Cow Palace.
Announcing Rust Language Server Alpha Release
Today, we're announcing the first alpha release of the Rust Language Server (aka RLS). With this alpha release, this is the first time we're encouraging early adopters to try on real projects and send us feedback. The RLS has now reached a level of maturity where it should be able to run against most Cargo-based Rust projects.
But what exactly is the Rust Language Server?
In a nutshell
The Rust Language Server is a way of providing editors and IDEs with a range of functionality. Rather than leaving each editor plugin to have to parse and understand the types in your program and provide you with capabilities like refactoring, the RLS centralizes all this logic and provides it to the editor via a standard language server protocol.
In this alpha release, this allows editors and IDEs to share the following capabilities:
auto-completion - allowing you to complete symbols and press ‘.' for member lists
- allowing you to complete symbols and press ‘.' for member lists goto definition - jump to the definition of a given symbol
- jump to the definition of a given symbol goto symbol - jump to the definition of a symbol you know the name of
- jump to the definition of a symbol you know the name of find all references - show all the locations a given symbol is referenced
- show all the locations a given symbol is referenced rename/refactor - rename all instances of a given symbol to a new name
- rename all instances of a given symbol to a new name types on hover - get the type of symbol
- get the type of symbol show errors - as the user types, get live analysis showing errors as they happen
The alpha release of the RLS has been run successfully on Linux, Mac, and Windows.
How to get started
Step 0: Make sure you have a recent nightly rustc/cargo, git, python, node, and cmake installed
Step 1: Check out the RLS:
git clone https://github.com/jonathandturner/rls
Step 2: Set up your editor (here we show VS Code plugin)
git clone https://github.com/jonathandturner/rls_vscode.git cd rls_vscode npm install
Step 3: Set the RLS_ROOT environment variable to point to where you checked out the RLS:
export RLS_ROOT=/Source/rls
At this point, you can open the project in VS Code, and when you run the project, it will open a new instance of VS Code with the RLS plugin enabled. The plugin will build RLS for you.
Note: the initial analysis of a project can take quite a long time, as metadata is built for all the project dependencies.
Note 2: analysis currently ignores test code, so you won't get IDE support for it. We have a fix for this in the works.
How does it work
The current version of the RLS is built from a combination of two tools: racer and the Rust compiler.
Racer allows us to get quick-and-dirty completions, allow you to get completion results in sub-second times. The trade-off this makes is that the results are not as accurate.
For tasks that require higher accuracy, like safe refactoring or code navigation, the RLS uses the Rust compiler directly. Because this type of analysis, while more accurate, takes longer to complete, the RLS will tell the editor when the analysis has successfully completed.
Help, it doesn't work!
The RLS is closely tied to particular versions of rustc. If you're a rustup user, the DLLs it needs are managed by rustup. In this case, you'll get an error like this if you run the rls by hand:
jturner-23759:rls jturner$ ~/.cargo/bin/rls dyld: Library not loaded: @rpath/librustc_driver-6eb85298.dylib Referenced from: /Users/jturner/.cargo/bin/rls Reason: image not found Abort trap: 6
If you see an error like this, you can run the rls by instead running the command cargo run in the rls directory. In the future, as we improve the rls integration with the main Rust tools, this will no longer be an issue.
What's next
The RLS is still early in its life and needs to go through a stabilization period before it's ready for 1.0. This alpha release marks the first release in this series.
The next release will be a second alpha that includes another set of bugfixes and polish. This will be followed by a beta. The beta will be the first that will be distributed as a binary and will be much closer to final 1.0 experience in terms of ease-of-install and ease-of-use.
I want to help
Great! There are a few ways you can jump in.
Test the RLS - use the RLS on your projects and tell us how it feels. This will help us shake it out and make sure it's ready for production.
Contribute to RLS: - we'd like to add more refactorings, more Rust-centric code navigation (eg find all impls for a type), and possibly more advanced features like lifetime visualization and macro debugging.
Contribute an editor plugin - there are already at least six plugins that follow the Language Server Protocol that the RLS uses, each in its own state of completion. If you have experience with one of those editors, or if you have a favorite editor you don't see on the list, you can help us by improving support. While the RLS will continue to grow and mature, it's really the plugin where the “rubber meets the road”. It's the plugin that helps the developer get the most out of what the RLS provides.
Hack on the compiler - ultimately, we want to drive everything in the RLS straight from the compiler. This means being able to have sub-second response times for interactive completions as well. The Rust compiler team has already started a series of refactoring to make the transition to an interactive mode possible. If you have a background in compilers, IDEs, or static analysis tools and would like to help with this work, you can contact the compiler team at #rustc on irc.mozilla.org or through the Rust compiler project on GitHub.
Having a black cat cross your path may be considered unlucky, but people may think differently if it was one particular black cat in Italy.
Not only was four-year-old Tommaso rescued as a kitten from the streets of Rome, but now they have inherited more than $13 million. The flea-bitten alley cat was rescued by a lonely old lady named Maria Assunta, who was married to a property tycoon. Assunta widowed early and the couple had no children.
When their health began to fail a few years ago, they wanted Tommaso to be the sole beneficiary of their estate.
They initially wanted to give the money to an animal welfare group to take care of the cat, but none of them met their standards. So Assunta left all of the money to Tommaso though a nurse who took care of them in their final months.
"I promised them that I would look after the cat when they were no longer around," said Stefania, the nurse in a Telegraph article. "She wanted to be sure that Tommaso would be loved and cuddled. But I never imagined that they had this sort of wealth."
While the nurse said Assunta didn't share a lot of details about their life, they said Assunta talked about suffering from loneliness.
"We're convinced that Stefania is the right person to carry out the old lady's wishes," said Anna Orecchioni, one of the lawyers, to Il Messaggero. "She loves animals just like the woman they devoted themselves to right up until the end."
Assunta isn't the first person to donate millions to an pet. In 2007, hotel billionaire Leona Helmsley left $12 million to their white Maltese named Trouble. Fashion designer Alexander McQueen left their pets $50,000 and going back a long way, American heiress Ella Wendel left their pet poodle $24 million in 1931.
Assunta will also not be the last. Oprah Winfrey has let it be known that their dogs will inherit close to $50 million if they outlive them
Technically speaking, Assunta couldn't actually leave the money directly to Tommaso, so instead left it to the cat through a person who must take care of Tommaso, which would make Italy's laws similar to those in Canada.
In provinces such as Ontario, one can't directly give money to a pet because pets are considered property and therefore can't accept a gift. If a person in Ontario were hoping to give money to a pet, they or they would have to do so through a trust, by linking a charitable gift to an animal agency or by giving money to someone with the condition that they or they must take care of the animal.
As for Tommaso, we are not sure how they will be spending their money, but $13 million would sure by a nice litter box.
President Donald Trump announced Thursday that they intend to bring on former Federal Election Commission member Hans von Spakovsky and former Texas Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchinson to their administration.
Bailey Hutchinson was formally nominated to serve as ambassador to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and von Spakovsky will be appointed to serve on the Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity.
Hutchinson,73, served as a Republican senator until 2012 when they decided to not run for re-election. “I am honored to be nominated by [President Trump] to be Ambassador for the United States to [NATO]..our most important security alliance,” Hutchinson said in a tweet.
President Trump will travel to a G20 summit in Germany next week and National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster told reporters on Thursday that POTUS will make America's commitment to the alliance clear.
Von Spakovksy's nomination is sure to please conservatives.  They are currently a senior legal fellow at the Heritage Foundation and part of their work there is concentrating on voter fraud.
They wrote in a December 2016 op-ed with John Fund that “there is a real chance that significant numbers of noncitizens and others are indeed voting illegally, perhaps enough to make up the margin in some elections.”
The commission they are set to join will investigate this specific case.
This delicious sweet sauce recipe can serve as the cornerstone of any dish.
A lot has happened to Roy Choi over the last eight years since their humble Kogi BBQ lonchera first hit the streets of Los Angeles. For a chef who has been known to make waves — from popularizing a fervent food-truck movement in the city's culinary landscape, to starting a revolution in food and social justice — they haven't forgotten their roots and bold sauces that have paved the path to where they are today.
Choi says sauces are the cornerstone of what they do, referencing Kogi's salsa roja and verde that accompany their Korean-inspired street food, like gochujang-slathered pork tacos. “Every chef has their own thing, like some chefs don't like to over-sauce their stuff because they like precision,” they say. “Me? I like dumping a gallon of sauce on things because I love slurping it up.”
They recall how a lot of early complaints about Kogi was how there was too much sauce on the tacos and you couldn't taste the meat. “But that was exactly how I wanted it,” Choi says.
Even before Choi attended culinary school or began working in fine dining kitchens, they would eat at restaurants and flood their plates with every single condiment available; at a Chinese joint, you'd most likely find their dish with pools of chili garlic, soy sauce and hoisin. “I used to drink Tabasco and Tapatio,” they say. “I'd take shots of it, literally.”
Choi says sauces are the cornerstone of what they do. | Photo: Courtesy of Kogi BBQ
Sauces to Choi was more than just something that complemented their food, it was a new way for them to express himself. Right before opening Kogi, they had just lost their job, and launching the food truck signified a moment in their life where everything was changing. “It gave me the freedom to kind of just pull everything together — even places you weren't thinking of — [like] all my life experiences, all the nerdy things that I loved growing up with, all the weird, idiosyncratic things that I loved, all the nuances, all the weird stuff, all these things, these feelings,” Choi says. “I was able to cull all that together and just make the sauce. It was a very non-cerebral sauce. It was just more of an expression, kind of like a painting; it was more of an expression of that moment and everything that led to that moment. Coincidentally, it tasted like Los Angeles.”
It also tasted like freedom, they say.
Looking back to those early days, Choi and their partners were just trying to get by, without really thinking much about where they were headed. “The first month and a half was just searching for people to eat our food,” they say. “Then it hit, and then there were thousands of people in line in the street and it was just trying to keep up and waking up in the morning and prepping and going back out. That was so fun — it was so pure and simple at that time.”
"Then it hit, and then there were thousands of people in line in the street." | Photo: Courtesy of Kogi BBQ
But then something clicked in Choi. Before Kogi, they had always considered themselves a salaryman, someone who'd go to work, collect a paycheck and wait for two weeks of vacation. Opening a business wasn't in their wheelhouse at the time, but then, “my eyes [became] open to the opportunities,” they say. “Once that did happen, it opens a whole new sonar within you and you start to attract different things and you start to connect to different things.”
Choi says they never really had money, investors or capital, up until they co-launched LocoL with San Francisco chef Daniel Patterson. All of Choi's projects have mostly been the result of organic collaborations. Now their restaurant empire has expanded to Chego!, POT and Commissary at The Line Hotel, A-Frame, and a brick-and-mortar Kogi BBQ.
Choi sees their future aligning with a similar ethos behind LocoL, their restaurant chain that aims to bring healthful fast food to underserved communities like Watts. They want to create a nonprofit, possibly named the “Papi Chulo Foundation” — a reference to their nickname — so they can raise funds to build better futures for children and neighborhoods, and use it as a vehicle to speak up for minorities and immigrants. They wouldn't mind having their own TV show, either.
“I guess where I see the next 10 years, I'm ready to rep the underground while move to the big stage while still be underground but have all the platforms — from financial to media to food to restaurants to whatever — to be able to affect change in a lot of people,” Choi says. “So, look out Wolfgang, look out Emeril, look out Mario, look out whatever man, I'm coming at you!”
Roy Choi. | Photo: Courtesy of Travis Jensen
Top photo: Courtesy of Kogi BBQ
I'm on a campaign to find a solution to the web:
One of the great things about very robust and powerful abstractions is that they can give you tremendous leverage. The leverage can be so great that you can build something much greater than the sum of its parts. However, I worry that the web is an end to this kind of abstraction. I'd like to explore why that is and what we can do about it.
Bootstrapping
In the 19th Century, Charles Sanders Peirce, the father of Pragmatism and Semiotics, was struggling with some very deep questions in the philosophy of mind. Two of those questions were: How can a flawed/limited mind make itself smarter? And how can a spoken language be developed that refers to abstract concepts when the language doesn't have words for it yet??
Peirce's answer to both of these questions was that we can bootstrap. For example, if we have basic literacy, we can read books just beyond our current level and pick up new vocabulary and concepts. We use those new vocabulary to read more books, ad infinitum. Similarly, given enough concrete icons and indices (which are easily learned), we can define abstract concepts with them and assign arbitrary symbols. Thus we can invent new words, explain them to others, and use them to speak abstractly.
We start with a limited set of capabilities and, building with those, construct an expanded set of capabilities. I call this the Bootstrapping Mindset. One of the reasons I like Lisp is that it is a manifestation of the Bootstrapping Mindset. It's not unique to Lisp, but that's where I first saw its application in programming.
To summarize the last linked article briefly, Lisp starts with a few primitives easily defined in machine code. You construct an interpreter using those primitives. And now you have an executable lambda calculus. The leverage from that process is amazing.
Let me put it another way. Let's say you could write some algorithm in 10,000 lines of machine code. Great! You could also write a small Lisp implementation in 1,000 lines of machine code. Then you can write your algorithm in 10 lines of Lisp. Given a big enough project, you should build your own tools. Investment in tools will pay for itself many times over.
You also see this phenomenon in FORTH (build a small set of words and a way to define new words) and Smalltalk (build a small set of message interpreters and a way to define new interpreters).
In all of these examples, we have a "vocabulary" that is expanded by using the vocabulary itself. A great example and explanation is Growing a Language. Guy Steele explores the idea of how we can make a language that is not limited by our current understanding. The future potential of the language is limitless.
To my mind, Turing Machines are bootstrapping engines. Once you've got Turing-completeness, you can interpret any language. The differentiator is expressivity. Which bootstrapping steps get you to where your problem is trivial?
In all of these examples, we find a huge leap in expressiveness. We want to build something powerful enough and robust enough to very rarely (if ever) deal with the lower levels. I can write Clojure code all day and never think about the JVM bytecode, let alone the machine code that is actually running. When was the last time you debugged your code's NAND gates?
Here are my two requirements for bootstrapping. I call them:
Leverage: Quantum leap in expressivity. Robustness: Rarely deal with the lower level.
If you don't have these two things, it might be very useful, but it's not bootstrapping.
The Web
So here's my original concern: can we bootstrap on top of the web? I believe we desperately need it. We are spending billions of dollars each year on the silliest problems of our own invention. And I'm tired of the tedium of working at such a low level. Yes, the web is a great economic force for good in the world, but the amount of crap work it generates is staggering.
Let me give an example of the "crap work" I'm talking about. We have at our disposal very powerful graphic design tools like Adobe Illustrator and Sketch. We can draw freely and make things as beautiful as humans can. Even if we limit our work to only what is possible on the web, we then manually compile that design into angle brackets. It is a specialized skill, with conferences, books, trade magazines, and training, to be able to turn a design into something that your browser can use. I respect the people who do it, because it's very hard. But I cannot respect the need for people to waste their time learning the magic incantations that make your design work in browsers. The fact that we do not see a great tool that outputs HTML + CSS directly is a bad sign.
Let me dig into this even more, because I don't want to give the wrong impression. Making stuff work in browsers is important. But actually getting it to work is way more work than discovering how it should work, which is the actual work of design. We can't focus on what's important: turning pixels into an expression of our humanity. Why not? Because we can't get it to render correctly. We're talking about unimportant minutiae like the best way to select an element in CSS. Should you add a new class? Or use nested selectors? There is no good answer because they all suck, and so we fight over it and call it "philosophy". Or we wait for committees to add yet more stuff to the standards which still doesn't solve the problem.
Let me put it another way: people have written custom layout engines in fewer lines of code than your average PHP page. We lob wrapper divs and CSS rules in our fight against the browser.
I'm not complaining that writing HTML, CSS, and JavaScript is a drag. Machine code can be a drag, too. But I can escape machine code by bootstrapping. The problem I'm talking about is: I don't believe we know how to bootstrap out of the web. If we could, we would make it more alive and infused with our values.
Now that I'm totally bummed out and have sufficiently defined the problem and what I'm looking for, I think it would be useful to likeminded searchers if I go over what I've found in my search.
Obvious non-solutions
These projects are great, they're just not what I'm looking for.
Flexbox
Flexbox is great, but it's not the last thing I need to finally stop writing CSS because I have abstracted over it. Instead, it just makes living with CSS more comfortable.
Yes, what a fitting name! Bootstrap promises something: use their HTML and the CSS just works. I'll also throw in all of the similar frameworks under this heading since the analysis is the same.
It's not quite the total solution I'm looking for. It's a bit like giving someone a tent to solve their home mortgage problem. You're still dealing with HTML, URLs, and all the rest. For quick web projects, I still turn to it, though.
I remember when I first saw that build a blog in 15 minutes video. Wow! I was so excited. Back then, 15 minutes was unheard of.
But 10 years later, I overhear what Rails programmers complain about: how to write their templates, how to write their CSS, how to set up their routes, etc. In other words, they're using powerful tools to make the web more comfortable. They have not escaped it. Throw in some other well-known frameworks here, including Pedestal, Luminus, and Yada.
Several people have responded to my search with tweets about Garden, a library for generating CSS with Clojure. While it does give you the ability to use powerful logic to output CSS (high leverage), I don't see it giving you any ability to bootstrap out of CSS (low robustness). For example, could you give me a general solution to centering a div using Garden? You're still dealing with the difficult semantics of CSS.
Hopeful partial solutions
Hoplon is a ClojureScript web framework. It does several interesting things.
It makes DOM elements into functions so they can be used in code like regular functions. It makes your elements reactive to changes like spreadsheets. It makes your client-server communication look like function calls.
It turns out that these three features together help a lot. And it gives a good foundation to build on. Let's see where this project goes.
I'm keeping my eye on this project. The premise is simple: if you just wrap all of your divs in two more divs (which you're probably doing a lot of anyway with wrapper and container and inner divs), you can "solve" layout with a bit of JavaScript. And those wrapper divs can be made automatically with a few more lines of code. It turns out that this is fewer divs than you would write if you did it by hand! I don't quite understand it yet but it's kind of exciting. I'm proud that this comes right out of the ClojureScript community.
Solve layout with a Cassowary constraint solver. It's a custom layout engine that is more expressive than CSS for layout. And it's got a declarative language for building the constraints. It definitely has the Bootstrap Mindset. You're still living in HTML + CSS, but it acts much more like you think it should.
I am awestruck by this project. It produced Practical Typography, a beautiful online book. The pages look like hand-tuned HTML by a seasoned professional web designer. The author wrote their own authoring format using Racket (a Lisp) that outputs to HTML + CSS. It definitely has the Bootstrap Mindset. It highlights the value of writing your own tools and that maybe the problem is that we haven't peeled back enough layers of the stack.
I mention React here for its philosophy and its potential. It managed to find a high-leverage abstraction to bootstrap out of error-prone DOM manipulations. That was a serious pain point of the web. And the same abstraction is being used on "native" platforms like phones and desktops. With React on the web, you're still living in HTML and CSS land, but it's way better than setting innerHTML by hand.
This is just a talk at Clojure/conj in 2015. He's talking about the stack he's using, but there's an important bootstrap embedded in it. He's bootstrapping on the web as a communication protocol. They define a single endpoint that accepts POSTs and a Server Sent Events endpoint. The POST endpoint is for sending commands (capturing the intent of the user) and the Server Sent Events endpoint is for updates from the server. That's it. No more fiddling around with URLs and "routes". This is a true bootstrap. High-leverage and high-robustness.
Conclusions, a glimmer of hope, and a plea
Bootstrapping is a beautiful phenomenon. We can transcend our current limitations using nothing but our currently limited abilities. It is a wonderful expression of our humanity. However, are we investing our web apps with humanity? Or are we toiling away in the bracket mines, fixing our CSS, choosing how to name our wrapper divs, and solving problems, yet again, that we created?
The purpose of bootstrapping is to solve that problem once and for all, so that we can focus on what's important. We can take a long walk, or we can "fill [our creations] with ideas, and emotions, and humor, and warmth." (quoted from Reversing the Tide of Declining Expectations, Matthew Butterick, TYPO Berlin 2012.) We need to do that more than ever, for the world and for ourselves.
We live in an interesting time. I've been waiting for a long time to see how Clojure (or any Lisp, really) is going to transcend the web. It has so many great tools! And the community understands the Bootstrapping Mindset. Yet I haven't seen the bootstrapping happen. Can we make it happen? Can we peel back the layers and build an engine for expressing our humanity? What kind of expressivity do we want? Our imagination is the only limitation.
If you're interested in the Bootstrapping Mindset, the big ideas in Computer Science, or Lisp, you should check out the PurelyFunctional.tv Newsletter. It's a weekly romp through the history, present, and future of Lisp and functional programming.
During their Tuesday rally in North Carolina, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump warned gun rights supporters that there was nothing they could do if Hillary Clinton's judicial appointees abolished the Second Amendment, before wondering aloud if the amendment itself might offer a solution.
"Hillary essentially wants to abolish the Second Amendment," Trump told supporters. "By the way, and if they get to pick them judges, nothing you can do, folks."
"Although the Second Amendment people, maybe there is," Trump said, adding "I don't know."
Trump made the remark while ticking off a bunch of actions Clinton would take if they assume the presidency in January, noting Clinton's stances on taxes and the Second Amendment.
"If Hillary gets to put their judges — right now we're tied [on the Supreme Court.] We're tied because Scalia," Trump continued. "This was not supposed to happen. Justice Scalia was going to be around for ten more years at least, and this is what happens. That was a horrible thing."
The GOP nominee went on to argue that the protection of the Second Amendment and the selection of Supreme Court nominees goes "hand in hand," noting the list of potential nominees they released earlier in the campaign cycle.
After the comments received a negative reaction, Trump's campaign issued a statement blasting the "dishonest media."
"It's called the power of unification – 2nd Amendment people have amazing spirit and are tremendously unified, which gives them great political power," said senior communications adviser Jason Miller. "And this year, they will be voting in record numbers, and it won't be for Hillary Clinton, it will be for Donald Trump."
Clinton's campaign quickly denounced the remark.
"This is simple—what Trump is saying is dangerous," Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook said in a statement. "A person seeking to be the President of the United States should not suggest violence in any way."
Have an idea for a NI set for a nation that doesn't have one? Feel free to post it in the
NI Suggestion Compilation Thread
. Now with a spinoff for
Achievements
! And another for
revising existing NIs
! [EU4]
My idea for how to revise Catholicism
; covering Cardinals, the Counter Reformation, Curia, the Kingdom of God, and an idea about using Mendicant Orders as a mechanic. [EU4]
My idea for how to rework Warfare
: covering professionals/conscripts, mercenary companies, garrisons, transports, sea tiles and more. [EU4]
My idea for how to rework the Byzantine NI Set
: more historical and balanced. [EU4]
My ten point proposal for a large rework ideology and politics : covering everything from laws to political parties and civil wars. [HoI4]
"The wisdom of the prudent is to give thought to their ways, but the folly of fools is deception." - Prov. 14:8
"The more I studied that record, the more convinced I became that the job of the historian is not to pass judgment, but to try to understand." - Ludwell H. Johnson
Date: 3/9/16
Nordic Cup winners Norway will travel to the Czech Republic later this month, the fixture being held at RLC Dragons Krupka Stadium on 24 September (kick off 4pm).
They last met three years ago as part of the European Bowl, the Norwegians winning 26-14 in Oslo.
“We are very happy for every opportunity to play an international game as it helps us to promote our sport here in the Czech Republic,” said CZRLA president Jaroslav Bzoch. “We have every respect for the Norwegians and what they have already achieved this year. We also want to take this opportunity to test our young and new players before our rematch against Ukraine in October.”
Norwegian team manager Anne Haigh commented: “After a couple of years only playing against Denmark and Sweden in Nordic Cup, we feel this will be a significant test and step up to assess how we are progressing.”
Sen. Orrin Hatch (R-Utah). (CNSNews.com/Penny Starr)
(CNSNews.com) – Sen. Orrin Hatch (R-Nev.) said Monday they “still has a very high opinion of Chief Justice John Roberts," despite Roberts opinion upholding the individual mandate in Obamacare as constitutional.
Hatch, the ranking Republican on the Senate Finance Committee and a senior member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, had been one of the earliest and most forceful voices in the Senate speaking out against the constitutionality of the individual mandate when it was first proposed in 2009.
On Monday, however, Hatch told CNSNews.com that Roberts “certainly had the right” to rule that the mandate is constitutional as a tax.
If the player does not load, please check that you are running the latest version of Adobe Flash Player.
“Naturally, I would have preferred them to rule out the individual mandate,” Hatch said.
Hatch took part in an event hosted by the American Enterprise Institute (AEI) on the aftermath of a June 28 Supreme Court decision which upheld the constitutionality of the Affordable Care Act's individual mandate to purchase insurance, based on the federal government's power to tax and spend.
Following the event, CNSNews.com asked Hatch: “During the confirmation hearing for Chief Justice Roberts back in 2005 you said that they (Roberts) was a ‘perfect example' of a judge who will not legislate from the bench. Would you take back that statement now?”
“No not at all,” Hatch said. “I have a pretty high opinion of Chief Justice Roberts and I understand what he's done here.
“I would have preferred them to find the individual mandate unconstitutional, but there were a number of very important aspects to that decision, not the least of which is their approach that the federal government cannot force the states to take the extra Medicaid responsibilities,” they said.
“And that was very, very important, and coupled with that was that there's a limit to what the Commerce Clause--Article I Section 8--can impose on the American people,” Hatch added.
“That was only the third time since 1942 in the Wickard v Filburn case, the third time that they have put parameters around the Commerce Clause. That was a very important part of that decision.”
Hatch acknowledged the dissenting opinion of Justices Antonin Scalia, Clarence Thomas, Samuel Alito and Anthony Kennedy, which argued that the individual mandate was unconstitutional.
“Naturally, I would have preferred them to rule out the individual mandate,” Hatch said.
“I thought the dissent was an excellent opinion, but I still have a very high opinion of Chief Justice Roberts and that opinion hasn't been reduced,” Hatch said. “(H)is opinion was different than what I thought it would be, although I was one who predicted that the Medicaid expansion was a big problem in this bill.”
CNSNews.com pressed Hatch on further, asking: “But ruling the individual mandate as a tax-- Is that constitutionally defensible? Do you see how it is constitutional?”
They replied: “Well, the Chief Justice and four others said it is and therefore it is,” they said. “All throughout the floor debate, all throughout the litigation period the administration argued that it was a penalty, not a tax. Personally, I think the Court should have taken the administration's representation and said it was a penalty.
“On the other hand, I can see why the Chief Justice decided it was a tax,” they said. “I could see where they certainly had the right to do that and to pick up a number of liberal justices to confirm that.”
Hatch continued: “The worry there is -- at least they circumscribed an excessive use of the Commerce Clause, Article I Section 8. The problem with finding it a tax is that some people believe that they can now tax anything, at any time, any place.”
“Or inactivity?” CNSNews.com asked.
“Well, or in this case, like you say, it's not an activity in commerce, but an inactivity,” they said. “OK, I can live with that because I think it's very difficult to raise taxes.
“The American people really get excited about stuff like that and that just opens the door to even greater battles over the taxing power of the federal government in the future,” Hatch said. “So, these are, it was an interesting decision, I'm going to spend quite a bit of time studying it and already have studied it to a degree but I need to spend more time on it.”
As a member of the Judiciary Committee, Hatch had praised then-nominee Roberts on the first day of their 2005 confirmation hearings.
“The confirmation process has sometimes been -- it seems to me -- unbecoming of the Senate and disrespectful of nominees,” Hatch said on Sept. 12, 2005, during their opening statement.
“I applaud President [George W.] Bush for resisting this trend and for nominating qualified men and women who, as judges, will not legislate from the bench.
“You're a perfect example of that,” they said.
Hatch also commended what they said was Roberts' “tremendously complex and important and honorable record.”
“We have a great deal of respect for you,” they said at the time. “We expect you to make a great justice.”
Hatch's comments Monday came following an AEI event, “The Affordable Care Act: What Should Congress do Next?" in Washington, D.C.
That grande latte with skim milk may have been brewed with a splash of controversy, but it is coming.
The Boston Licensing Commission yesterday voted to approve a license for a Starbucks at 749 East Broadway at the intersection of L Street in South Boston, despite opposition from Mayor Martin J. Walsh and many neighbors.
“We're thrilled with the decision and look forward to being an active neighbor and gathering place for the Southie community. We'll be able to share more information about the planned opening in the coming weeks,” a Starbucks spokesperson said.
The battle had pitted neighbor against neighbor, and for some it was all about the quickly changing neighborhood. Many opposed the license ?because they said a national corporation would be less likely to contribute to youth programs such as sports teams, and would be less visible in the community than a locally owned shop.
Opponents also said the coffee chain location would be too disruptive to traffic and parking, and was not necessary for a neighborhood that already has a number of coffee shops. Critics have said there are 11 cafes and restaurants that serve coffee in the immediate area.
Others said a corporate chain would be able to pay more in rent, driving up costs for other local businesses.
Walsh's office has opposed the Starbucks from the beginning, saying there was no need for ?another coffee shop in the neighborhood, later citing concerns by some neighbors over parking and traffic. In a statement, Walsh's office said: “The Mayor respects the Licensing Board's decision and looks forward to Starbucks addressing the neighborhood's concerns.”
But supporters argued Starbucks filled a void in the neighborhood by offering a place to do work and an establishment that will be open late that isn't a bar. At a licensing panel hearing earlier this month, testimony supporting and opposing the coffee chain was roughly even.
The approval comes after months of debate. The Starbucks was originally ?rejected by the commission in the spring, but the company came back after addressing community concerns, including how the store would deal with its trash, according to a lawyer representing Starbucks.
City Councilor Michael Flaherty originally opposed the license but eventually threw their backing behind Starbucks ?because of community support, their office said.
The commission was expected to make a decision last week, but it delayed its ruling to go through the large amount of testimony.
When Liberal MP Jamie Briggs was in Hong Kong and was not busy making unwanted advances on public servants, they were meeting with private rail operator MTR. This aspect of their travels should also be under scrutiny.
MTR already runs Melbourne's Metro train system, which, under its management, was rated the worst metropolitan train service in Australia. It is are also set to run the new Northwest Metro in Sydney and are bidding for contracts for all the remaining sections of the Sydney Metro.
MTR is trying to export its “value capture” model, whereby property owners next to new public infrastructure are levied on the windfall gains they usually experience.
This raises several questions.
Why privatise the rail network when the resulting service is so bad? Why give the profits away when we could keep them in public hands? MTR is 76% owned by the Hong Kong government, so the problem is not that governments do not know how to make a profit.
Why build the Sydney Metro at all instead of sensible improvements to our existing dual-deck system, such as high-capacity signalling and upgrading existing lines?
Many critics are scathing of the Metro design, which is not compatible with the existing rail infrastructure.
Finally, the “value capture” model may well capture the windfall gains made by large corporate land bankers for the public purse, but it may also mean public land is sold to developers at bargain prices — as seems likely to occur at Waterloo — or ordinary homeowners are forced to pay levies that ultimately end up in the pockets of MTR and the like.
When we say “westCONnex won't work — public transport will”, we are talking about the real deal: publicly owned public transport, not some sell-off to corporate raiders determined to turn Sydney into an urban theme park.
Briggs was looking to betray the Australian public in Hong Kong too.
[Andrew Chuter is an anti-WestConnex activist.]
Like the article? Subscribe to Green Left now! You can also like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Bong Appetit host Matt Zimbric's latest adventure leads them to an experimental cannabis cocktail party in Los Angeles. Matt meets with leading mixologist Daniel K. Nelson of The Black Cat to learn the basics and some new tricks of the trade when it comes to making cocktails with cannabis.
After jumping into a 1972 Cadillac hearse party limo (as one does in LA), they hit up Aaron Justis of Buds & Roses to research, shop and sample the perfect bouquet of ganja goods—may we recommend Silverback Grape Ape and Oregon Silver?—to infuse into their cocktails and food. On the menu: California fresh herb salad and sous-vide steak with cannabis compound butter.
MAKE IT: The French 75 with Green Dragon
Later, Daniel demonstrates how to get the right dosage to ensure that your cannabis cocktails don't resemble dirty bong water and that your guests leave in a state of nirvana after having the the high-class meal of a lifetime. We'll spark to that.
WATCH: An Italian Feast with 91-Year-Old Nonna Marijuana
Subscribe here for more MUNCHIES!
Season 1 Episode 2 of Bong Appetit. Watch more
It's probably the most famous attack ad in American history. A little girl stands in a meadow, plucking the petals off a daisy, counting each one—getting a few numbers wrong on the way—up to ten. Then the piercing tannoy voice comes in, counts down. Zero. Flash. Mushroom cloud. “These are the stakes!” proclaims the voiceover. “To make a world in which all of God's children can live, or to go into the dark. We must either love each other, or we must die. Vote for President Johnson on November 3rd. The stakes are too high for you to stay home.”
The ad was part of a broader effort by the Johnson campaign to paint Republican challenger Barry Goldwater as a reckless hawk who would lead America into a horrific confrontation with the Soviets. Johnson went on to hammer Goldwater—the Arizona senator would only capture six states and less than 40 percent of the national vote.
Now LBJ's ad is getting a reprise. Secure America Now, a Washington-based 501(c)(4) advocacy outfit. The ad, “Daisy 2,” targets the Obama administration's handling of Iran's nuclear program. The new voiceover: “These are the stakes. We either stand up to supporters of terrorism, or we and our allies risk losing the freedom we cherish. We must not let the jihadist government of Iran get a nuclear bomb. President Obama has an opportunity to stop it. But they are failing. Join with us. Let's secure America—now.”
The video directs viewers into a net of “microsites,” including TruthAboutIran.com and IransIllegalNuclearProgram.com , in addition to Secure America Now's homepage . TruthAboutIran.com focuses on the Iranian government's support for terrorism and the not-cuddliness of President Hassan Rouhani; Secure America Now's site offers an animated GIF-listicle of “ Thirteen Reasons to Impeach Barack Obama .” But it's the Iran's Illegal Nuclear Program page that takes the cake, thanks to this map of Iran's nuclear sites:
The map offers an interesting interpretation of Iran's geography. The seminary-city of Qom, normally south of Tehran, is taking a vacation north of Tehran in the mountains near the Caspian; the massive underground enrichment halls at Natanz have wandered off into the deserts to their northeast. We find Arak, home to a heavy-water reactor under construction, and Isfahan, with its uranium conversion facility, close to where we left them, but the pressurized-water reactor at Bushehr, having been foolishly constructed on a fault line , has shifted inland and to the southeast. (This has likely caused an environmental disaster.) The uranium mine north of Yazd, once in an area due west of the Saghand mine, is now southwest of it, possibly inside Yazd itself.
This is a bold alternative to the mainstream media's rigid narrative of where all those places are:
IransIllegalNuclearProgram.com offers other revelations, too. The ongoing nuclear negotiations, which conventional sources suggest will end on November 24, actually ended on July 20, according to the site:
And Russia's ten-year agreement to fuel the Bushehr reactor becomes “unsettling,” though most would agree that guaranteeing Iran's fuel supply from Russia would weaken Iran's claim that it needs to conduct enrichment on its own and strengthen America's case for zero enrichment—and thus actually make America more secure.
It's not surprising, then, that this group would revive an attack ad that sought to portray a presidential contender as dangerously eager for confrontation to attack a president for being too soft. Secure America Now's ad hints that Obama “has an opportunity to stop” Iran's nuclear efforts. But they say that their current approach “is failing.” So what alternative policy would they have us pursue? Perhaps they would like us to bomb Iran's nuclear facilities. If that's so, our pilots should use different maps to find their targets.
The goal of last year's Paris Agreement to limit global warming to 2C, if not 1.5C, are admirable, but it's unlikely that this aspirational goal can be reached with voluntary greenhouse gas emission reductions alone. Already, we are nearing the 1.5C global warming level, with predictions for reaching 2C not far into the future. The implications of global warming are recognized widely, both in short-term events like coastal inundation and extreme weather, and long-term in the form of permanently shifting climate zones and higher sea level. The range of our actions, however, is not limited to greenhouse gas generation only.
Building on humanity's remarkable history of engineering approaches to overcoming challenges, climate engineering techniques should be included as viable solutions for reducing the impacts of global warming.
Building on humanity's remarkable history of engineering approaches to overcome challenges—from early use of fire to create stronger tools, to modern manufacturing and construction—climate engineering techniques should be included as viable solutions for reducing the impacts of global warming. Investigations of geoengineering approaches have been around for several decades, but have grown especially since the 2006 publication of Paul Crutzen's essay on reducing solar influence, called “Albedo enhancement by stratospheric sulfur injections: A contribution to resolve a policy dilemma?”
Climate engineering takes two approaches: (1) Carbon dioxide removal (CDR), and (2) solar radiation management (SRM). CDR addresses the cause of climate warming by removing greenhouse gas from the atmosphere (“treat the illness”). SRM offsets the warming effects of greenhouse gases by allowing Earth to absorb less solar radiation (“treat the symptoms”). Reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, as proposed in the Paris Agreement, is desirable, but is not a prerequisite for climate engineering. Among the range of techniques, SRM, the focus of Crutzen's essay, is the main source of professional and public anxiety and has mostly remained taboo. There are concerns about unintended consequences, local applications with global consequences, runaway effects, and even climate warfare.
Given that climate engineering remains highly controversial, a set of thoughtful research papers and scientific commentaries have been published on this topic in AGU's open-access journal Earth's Future, introduced by Boettcher and Schäfer (2017). The thematic set of papers entitled Crutzen +10: Reflecting upon 10 years of geoengineering research, examines the techniques and risks of climate engineering, from specific methodologies to sociopolitical dimensions. The contributions highlight our much improved understanding of the environmental, political, and societal risks and benefits of climate engineering, but they also recognize that the current state of our knowledge is insufficient for reliable deployment. Computer modeling and integrated assessments have advanced the positive and negative aspects of various techniques, allowing for an informed public debate and eventual decision-making. Some nations more than others are advancing this understanding and are considering some implementation. However, more extensive scientific efforts and social study that includes real-world, outdoor experimentation will be needed to adequately assess near-term deployments and their impact.
Climate engineering has unquestionable potential to limit global warming when coupled with currently available technologies, but the scientific, social and ethical dimensions of implementation are not sufficiently examined. Given the worldwide impact of most deployment approaches, planning should occur on a global scale, involving all nations, both rich and poor, and not be limited to a few technologically advanced, wealthy stakeholders. We know we must limit the impacts of global warming, but we also know that warming will continue for decades or centuries even with radical reductions in greenhouse gas emissions. This situation generates an urgent need to invest in research and impact analysis of climate engineering approaches. Judging by the resilience of today's human society to global environmental change, ignoring the potential of climate engineering solutions does not seem prudent nor realistic.
—Ben van der Pluijm, Department of Earth & Environmental Sciences, University of Michigan; email: [email protected]; and Guy Brasseur, Max Planck Institute for Meteorology; National Center for Atmospheric Research; email: guy[email protected]
I've been working in Python almost exclusively for the last 8 or 9 months. It's been a fun challenge learning a new language, and being able to do it along with the rest of the Also Walk Dogs crew has made it even better. A dip back into Perl has given me a chance to reflect on my progress with Python.
The past couple weekends I've been helping a friend with a small project – a textual analysis problem finding similarities between disparate documents in a large database. I immediately reached for Perl because I've done projects like this in Perl before and I knew all the tools I'd need. I indexed phrases from the docs using Digest::MD5, storing the index in MySQL with DBD::mysql. Then I whipped up a quick web-app with CGI::Application and HTML::Template, with a bit of help from HTML::FillinForm, Blueprint CSS and Config::General. With the exception of Blueprint (which I find indispensable these days), this is pretty much the toolkit I learned (and helped build) at Vanguard Media working for Jesse Erlbaum over ten years ago! It all worked great and the app was up and running in just a day and a half.
This experience makes it obvious to me that I still have a long way to go with Python. Perl syntax is second nature to me – I almost never make an error and everything works the way I expect it to. I'm not looking up basic Python syntax anymore but I am still making plenty of mistakes. More to the point, the tools I needed to use for this project are all still completely ingrained in my memory, and behave exactly the way I expect them to. Compared to the Python tools I use daily (Django, Celery and MySQLdb, for example), the difference is really impressive. My Python tools often surprise me and I find myself going back to the docs, and failing that the source, frequently.
It's also interesting to think about how little has changed in the past 10 years. I can pick up the same tools I used then and construct something that most people would recognize as a modern web app. Mix in just a little Jquery and it would probably pass for Web 2.0. On the other hand, I think I can say I've gotten better as I've aged – this project would have taken me quite a bit longer 10 years ago, if I could have completed it at all. I probably would have gotten stuck on some completely insane plan like loading all the documents into memory at once. I really didn't know how to properly use a database back then!
I am looking forward to making my first open-source Python release soon. Who knows, maybe there's a book about writing Python packages for PyPi in my future!
0 Witness says teen accused in deadly wreck was not at fault
PAUDLING COUNTY, Ga. - Channel 2 Action News has learned that a new witness has come forward in the deadly wreck that killed a pair of high school sweethearts from Paulding County.
Related Headlines Hundreds turn out for vigil to honor high school sweethearts killed in wreck
Nickuhlous
The witness gave Channel 2's Tyisha Fernandes a detailed account of the crash that contradicts what the Georgia State Patrol first said about who was responsible.Janeal Priester, 18, andWright, 17, died in the crash Wednesday night . Investigators initially said Priester pulled out into oncoming traffic.A memorial continues to grow at the spot where the teens' car landed.Kerstin Liberty told Fernandes they believe it's clear who is at fault.“I saw everything that happened from before it happened until after it happened,” Liberty said.Liberty told Fernandes they were driving along Highway 61 around 9:30 p.m. Wednesday. They said a Ford Mustang and a Toyota Camry got them attention.“They were driving very erratically. They would speed up and slow down and speed up and slow down, and then they started to sort of chase each other,” Liberty said.She said they called 911 to report the two speeding cars. They said the Camry's driver was the aggressor.“She came up beside the Mustang and then they knew they had to get around so they quickly swerved in front of the Mustang and at that moment they ran into the car,” Liberty said.The car that was hit was the one Priester andWright were traveling in.“It flipped immediately and you could tell there was gonna be a fatality in the car,” Liberty said.According to an initial investigation by GSP,Priester was at fault for not yielding to oncoming traffic. Liberty says that's just not true.“I was absolutely horrified and felt like it really does a disservice to the children that lost their lives, I know for a fact that thetwo cars were driving very recklessly and I know that they caused(the crash). There's just no doubt in my mind,” Liberty said.Right after they gave GSP their witness statement that night, Liberty says they heard the Camry driver confessing.“She was saying, ‘It was my fault, I did that.' They knew that they were in the wrong,” Liberty said.Priester's younger brother, Josh, who was in the back seat, and the driver of the Camry were injured in the crash.
GSP told Fernandes the new information means charges are possible and the investigation continues.
DIGG THIS
There is no doubt about it, Ron Paul can win. Their opponents have a good excuse to challenge this claim, as they correctly reason that the only thing that can stop the Ron Paul Freedom Train is if fence sitters and likely supporters dismiss Ron Paul's campaign as a long shot and thus decide not to get involved. Although this view gives their opponents a strategic advantage, it isn't really justified. Those who dismiss Paul's chances are saying that a candidate who had the third most cash on hand after the last quarter, who raised over 4 million in a single day and whose following surpasses over fifteen folded the following of all other Republican candidates, simply doesn't stand a chance in the primaries. Ron Paul's supporters have been accused for the past six months of spamming online and text messaging polls up to the point where the polls themselves have become meaningless. During the last months they've been also accused of spamming straw polls, campaign funding, GOP debates, online gambling, TV shows, Intrade markets, Democratic debates, traditional yard advertising and the campaign events of other GOP candidates. So, if the Paul supporters really have the power and ability to spam practically everything there is to spam, what stops them from spamming (and thus winning) the general elections? Oh, I know, it's the pesky opinion polls isn't it?
As I have written earlier extensively on the methodological and general problems of these so-called scientific polls, I will only highlight their most significant flaw: bad representation. In general there are only two ways to do opinion polls. Either you select a group of people who voted in the previous GOP primary or you select all Republicans and Republican leaning who say that they will vote in the GOP primaries. Both give a bad and biased sample. If you select all those who voted in the last GOP primaries, you will get a sample consisting of hardcore neocons only. No wonder you get no support for Ron Paul in these polls. Luckily, opinion polls are almost never conducted in this way. Instead the pollsters use republicans and republican leaning who self select themselves by stating that they will “most likely vote in the GOP primary”. Now, let's take a closer look at this self selected group.
In the last GOP primaries only 6.6% of the Republicans voted. The number for the 2008 primaries will most likely be seemingly under 15% but above the previous record low 6.6%. In order to obtain a result consistent with reality, this would mean that out of all Republicans and Republican leaning interviewed, around 90% would reply, in theory, “wouldn't vote” to the pollster. In practice the polls show that less than 5% claim that they won't vote. This means that if 95% of Republicans and Republican leaning would vote, the outcome of the election would be roughly as these polls predict. But as only approx. 10% vote in the GOP primaries it means that there are just 15% valid picks in the polls (those who really vote and the 5% that say they don't) and an amazing 85% random meaningless candidate picks. Compare this to a question “which computer company would you support” and say that 40% would reply Dell, 30% HP and 20% Mac. This doesn't automatically translate into Dell having a 40% market share the next year if only 10% of the interviewed persons would be buying a computer and there would be simply no way to tell which ones of those “yes”-answerers would represent the purchasers.
An interesting question is why so many people answer “yes, I will vote” to the pollsters when most of them clearly won't? Partially this is a psychological phenomenon. Individuals reply yes to the question since they reason that a virtuous citizen does vote and they see themselves as good people (which they undoubtedly are). An even larger reason is that pollsters try to force answers from the individuals. Pollsters have to do this for two reasons: 1) a large amount of non-responses disqualifies most statistical tests and thus a large amount of non-responses would also disqualify the survey and 2) pollsters simply can't afford to do a survey where enough people are interviewed if 90% of the replies would be “wouldn't vote”. In order to get a statistically accurate result from 300 million Americans a pollster needs to interview at least 400 individuals (2,500 is recommended). If 90% of the replies would refuse, the pollster would have to conduct anywhere from 4,000 to 25,000 interviews. The largest poll this year has interviewed roughly 1,500 potential voters and in around half of all the polls, the number of interviews has been less than 400 individuals and thus those polls can be disqualified as being too inaccurate.
If this isn't enough proof, I can still point to the polls themselves. I remember seeing one poll few months back where about 70% of the GOP voters didn't have an opinion about Ron Paul. As readers know, that's not simply possible. Even the old media frequently defines Ron Paul as “the most loved and the most hated GOP candidate”. This is fairly true. Neocons and pro-warians hate him. Liberty lovers and anti-war activists adore him. When 70% of the GOP voters don't have an opinion about Paul it simply means that they don't know who Paul is. Mike Huckabee got roughly the same treatment, even if they are clearly among the nicest GOP candidates and definitely someone to prefer over the greatly faulty four horsemen of apocalypse. Some polls also suggest that 23% have never heard of Romney and 23% have never heard of Fred Thompson. Furthermore 6% didn't know who Giuliani was. On top off it all, between 10 and 20% of likely voters don't have an opinion about the four so-called GOP frontrunners. Of course, in some cases, these figures include Democratic voters too, but it still doesn't change the fact that if you can't name the frontrunners of the Other Party you probably aren't a very likely primary voter.
In my previous article I stated that Ron Paul can win the New Hampshire primary with just 15,000 votes and that Paul can in fact succeed because so many past Democrats like Carter and Clinton have won the Presidency with extremely low polling numbers (I'll return to Carter and Clinton in a bit). I do admit that the NH example was a bit off due to the fact that the number of people participating in the GOP New Hampshire primaries where almost 30% last presidential election. Still, my previous analogy holds for almost all the other states. Ron Paul can win the GOP nomination with less than 5 million votes jointly, simply because the primaries aren't very voter attractive. The last presidential election 62% of the Republicans where pleased with their field, currently only half of them are.
Remember that the primary season is in mid winter. In most of the US this means temperatures below 40F or in some cases below 0F. Snow, rain and cold winds are frequent. How many neocons would bother to leave their comfortable homes in order to cast a vote when their major alternatives are a drag queen, a Mormon, two grumpy old men and a pastor-comedian who they identify as a non-shot? Most will pass this one and those who won't, can't be unified beneath one banner. The neocon vote is shattered.
Ron Paul's campaign is a very special one and it keeps surprising even me. You ought to look at the opinion poll results in this light. Back in 1975 Carter was polling 1% and they became the next president. In 1991 Clinton was polling only 2% and they also won the presidency. John McCain polled only 3% in 1999 and they still won the New Hampshire primary. Even if Carter and Clinton belong to the Democratic Party the comparison is still relevant. Yes, the Democratic Party selects its delegates with a proportional system instead of the majority system the Republicans use, but Carter and Clinton didn't win the nomination because of an even second place race, they won because they won most Democratic primaries. This is a comparison between apples and pears not a comparison between apples and oranges. It's true that the Democratic Party has witnessed more dark horses winning in the past, but this is merely a statistical accident and by now means does it imply that a dark horse couldn't win the Republican nomination next year.
While my professional opinion is that Ron Paul has a good shot at the presidency this doesn't mean that their campaign wouldn't have hurdles to overcome. If Ron Paul doesn't win the GOP nomination they have no chance of winning the presidency as a third party candidate (he isn't even planning on running as one). Then there's a Clinton-Richardson or a Clinton-Obama hurdle to overcome. However, the largest problem for a Ron Paul presidency isn't the excellence of other contenders but the poor media treatment they receive and the total unpredictability of their own campaign (the later is also among their greatest assets). Anyone who has ever run a business or raised any funds knows how hard planning ahead is if your figures look like this: $30,000 on 11/03; $4.3 million on 11/05; $80,000 on 11/08 and roughly $1 million on 11/11. Another disheartening bit of information for the Paul campaign has been that many of their natural allies such as European libertarians, Cato libertarians and Randians have refused to endorse their candidacy. One of my favourite libertarian authors Johan Norberg from Sweden (who wrote In Defence of Global Capitalism) is endorsing John McCain; Reason seems to endorse Giuliani and the Cato Institute is cheering for the “anybody but Paul”-alternative. Partly this has to do with Ron Paul's view on immigration but the major reason for the libertarian divide is the war. In my view (if a libertarian even could somehow justifiable be pro-war) a libertarian should foremost be a libertarian and not a pro-warian and thus naturally they should also endorse Paul's candidacy.
While the Paul campaign suffers from these minor setbacks their campaign is not a replay of Dean 2004. That title belongs to Obama 2008. Both Dean 2004 and Obama 2008 started out as online candidates but they were picked up by the old media and henceforth driven by the old media. Without this attention both campaigns would have quickly fallen flat. These campaigns where picked up because the candidates were seen as acceptable and they had enough of support on old media standards. Furthermore Obama is greatly benefiting from the fact that they are a celebrity and a minority representative – both qualities the media loves to dance around. Ron Paul's candidacy is a stark contrast to Obama's. Paul is the real internet celebrity (e.g. outperforming Obama 20 to 1 in Meetup groups). But Paul is also a candidate the media naturally hates. The media lives on political debates, controversies and conflicts and a president Paul would bring an end to many of them. If Paul is defeated it means that the era of the old media endures – for now. If Paul wins – after all this ignoring, ridiculing and fighting – it means that the old mass media is powerless. It is dead. It has ceased to be, kicked the bucket, hopped the twig and bit the dust. If Paul wins the old media can henceforth be ignored and forgotten as it. Matters. Not.
Remember to tell your family and friends, especially the elderly as they are the ones who most frequently vote in the primaries and who (according to some polls) support Paul the least. When they hear about Paul they will most likely love them and their message. The chances are that you will find many Old Right supporters who are furious over what the three decades of a Bust-Clinton dynasty has done to the United States and they are eager to get their country back.
November 10, 2007
The Best of Lasse Pitkaniemi
With the release of the video footage revealing Mitt Romney expressing their feelings about the 47 percent of Americans who don't pay federal income taxes, there is a new and intensified focus on those who possess the rights and privileges of American citizenship without shouldering a fair share of the responsibility to pay the income taxes that pay for the benefits of that citizenship.
But do you know who these people are and why they do not pay income taxes?
Do you know that the overwhelming majority of these people avoid income taxes due to a policy fiercely supported by none other than President Ronald Wilson Reagan who deemed the policy to be “the best antipoverty, the best pro- family, the best job creation measure to come out of Congress."?
It seems reasonable to suggest that without knowledge of the data and policies that have resulted in so large a percentage of Americans avoiding the responsibility to pay income taxes, one can hardly form a rational opinion as to whether or not these folks are taking advantage of the system while leaving the rest of us to foot the bills.
With this in mind, it seems a good time to take a look at the actual policies and laws at work here as, only then, can individual Americans form a realistic position as to whether or not these policies are unfair to the majority of income-tax paying Americans or necessary and proper policies that benefit the nation as a whole.
At the outset, we should dispel the myth that 47 percent of Americans pay absolutely nothing in federal taxes.
Because all working Americans are obligated to pay payroll taxes—the money that supports Social Security and Medicare automatically withdrawn from our paychecks—the actual number of households in America paying nothing was closer to 17 percent in 2009 and, more typically, 14 percent in non-recessionary years. Obviously, if fewer people are working, fewer people are experiencing payroll tax deductions from their non-existent paycheck.
And if we add in other federal taxes, such as the federal excise tax on gasoline, the numbers come down even further.
Of course, for everyone who must sign that painfully large and inconvenient check and send it off to Uncle Sam on the 15th day of April, the fact that the number of people paying nothing in federal taxes may be not quite so large as they may have thought is of small consolation.
So, who is not paying up on the income tax front and why aren't they required to bear the same responsibilities that you are?
The vast majority of non-income taxpayers fall into three categories:
17 percent includes students, people with disabilities or illnesses, the long-term unemployed, and other people with very low taxable incomes. Also included would be people like our soldiers in foreign wars who are exempted from paying income taxes while they are on active duty in a war zone.
22 percent of people who did not pay federal income taxes in 2009 are people aged 65 or older who have modest incomes (and do not have earnings).
61 percent are working people who pay payroll taxes but are not paying income taxes.
Let us assume, for the sake of this discussion, that you may think it only fair that everyone pay something in income taxes—even non-payers that may belong to a particularly hard pressed group evoking more sympathy than someone in a different classification of non-payer. To make this happen, we would need to consider what policies would have to be changed in order for all Americans to be required to do their part.
Let's begin with a particularly sympathetic group for most Americans, the disabled, including veterans and others unable to work—or unable to work very much —due to their disabilities.
While some could argue that even the disabled living solely on their disability benefits have a responsibility to pay taxes like the rest of us, requiring them to take a portion of their disability check and paying it over to the government as incomes taxes would increase the likelihood that these people would end up with insufficient money to care for themselves. The result of this would be an increased number of disabled Americans finding themselves more dependent on other government programs—such as welfare. Thus, whatever would be gained via income tax would likely end up costing the government more through the provision of the other benefits that would come into play when the disability benefit, minus income taxes, becomes insufficient to support the individual.
In the case of students, it seems reasonable to assume that full-time students working to support themselves as they get their degrees operate on very tight margin. That was certainly my own experience as I struggled to work as many hours as possible while getting both my undergraduate and advance degrees while struggling to keep a roof over my head.
Were we to require these kids to pay income tax, they would likely be required to borrow money in order to make tax payments or, in the alternative, run up a debt to the IRS—including the annual interest and penalty charges—which they would have to pay once they join the full-time workforce. In some instances, the requirement to pay income taxes would make working while studying an impractical solution, requiring some kids to forgo their education. This certainly seems counterproductive when considering that these people are likely to become the taxpayers of the future.
With respect to the long-term unemployed, you can—and no doubt do—have your own opinion as to how many of these people should be working and paying taxes rather than existing on welfare programs. However, it is important to grasp that this question, while highly relevant to overall American policy, is irrelevant to this particular debate.
While you may feel that too many people who qualify for welfare possess the ability to work for a living and should be doing just that, the fact remains that earning no money means that there is no income on which to pay taxes. Thus, a rational review of the taxing structure (which is what we are doing here)—when it comes to income taxes—cannot take into consideration the ‘rightness' or ‘wrongness' of the long-term unemployed as those issues are, necessarily, a part of the welfare discussion. As I say, whether someone should be doing more to get a job or not, if they are not earning an income, they are simply not going to be paying income taxes.
As for the second largest group of non-income taxpayers, the senior citizens, an effort to increase the income tax responsibilities for this class would necessarily require that we place an increased level of income tax on their social security benefits.
As the law currently stands, Social Security beneficiaries pay income taxes on their benefits if they have total income in excess of $25,000 as an individual, $32,000 if filing a joint return with a spouse. They also pay income tax on any income they may earn separate and apart from their social security receipts.
Does it make sense to require an elderly married couple, bringing in less than $32,000 a year, to pay income taxes? Maybe. But keep in mind that as we take more of their benefits checks via higher payments on income taxes, we move them closer and closer to the welfare roles where the cost to those of us who do pay income taxes becomes far more substantial. It is also worth noting that the process would also begin to negate the entire point of the Social Security system.
In the instance of these two groups—which form just under 40 percent of everyone not paying federal income tax—most Americans appear to believe that we are on the right course choosing to allow these people to survive on their fairly meager earnings or benefits without the obligation to pay income taxes. Whether this is the result of a national sense of decency or a pragmatic assessment that requiring them to pay more in taxes simply shifts the burden onto government by bringing them closer to more expensive forms of government support for the needy, we appear to be okay with these people getting a pass.
That leaves the roughly 60 percent of non-income taxpayers—Americans who work, earn an income and are, nevertheless, exempted from paying the income taxes the rest of us are required to pay. Keep in mind that we are talking about roughly 30% of the population when we consider those in this category.
So, who are these people and why are they getting a pass?
Overwhelmingly, these are the people who go to work each and every day but earn so little money that policymakers have determined it counterproductive to force them to pay income taxes. These are the people who mow your lawn, flip your burgers and, generally, fill any number of jobs that provide an income that walks the line between the ability to support a family and having insufficient money to keep it all together.
I recognize that using the word "policymakers" in the preceding paragraph is likely to encourage some negative reaction from those who suspect that the definition of ‘policymaker' is a politician who purchases fealty to a particular political party by allowing these people to avoid paying income taxes. Certainly, this was the point Governor Romney was making in their speech to the small group of contributors that was captured by a hidden video recorder.
However, this is the point where it becomes critical to understand the mechanism that allows these folks to get off the hook when it comes to paying federal income taxes—a mechanism that comes in the guise of two, specific government policies—the Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) and the Child Tax Credit (CTC). It is through these laws that virtually all of the low-income workers who avoid paying income taxes are enabled to do so. These are the laws that not only dismiss the obligation to pay income taxes if your earnings are low enough but may also result in receiving a government refund in the process.
Each of these policies was created as a reaction to the reality that placing an income tax on low wage earners pushes these people toward that magic number where they fare better financially by not working than they do by going to work every day and ending up with less money in their pocket. These are the policies that recognize that someone who can earn more money accepting welfare than they earn after taxes from a low paying, unpleasant job will be disincentivized when it comes to finding a job and putting one's self on the path of self-sufficiency. And while you may be inclined to believe that people should work even if it means earning less than if they allow the government to pay for them in the guise of welfare, it becomes difficult for individuals to live up to that standard when the ability to feed their children hangs in the balance. Thus, if we wish to take away this unenviable Catch-22, we can only do by completely removing the safety net, leaving low-income workers with no choice but to work if they want to have any money at all, even if it is insufficient to support a typical family of four.
This could be one way to go, however, would it accomplish the actual goal of incentivizing hard work?
What many may not realize is that the EITC is the brainchild of conservative economics—specifically conservative economist Milton Friedman—and not the conceptualization of bleeding heart liberals.
Passed in 1975 by a Democratically controlled Congress and signed into law by a Republican president, the Earned Income Tax Credit was borne out of welfare reform efforts of the early 1970s. The credit was expanded during the decades that followed and was heavily supported by President Ronald Reagan who called the EITC, “the best antipoverty, the best pro- family, the best job creation measure to come out of Congress.”
Indeed, it may surprise you that some of the greatest increases in the number of Americans not paying federal income tax took place during the Reagan-Bush I years as demonstrated by this graph prepared by the uber-conservative Heritage Foundation:
But has it worked or have these laws been taken advantage of to allow certain segments of society to avoid their obligations of citizenship?
According to the Center On Budget and Policy Priorities:
Nobel laureate (and noted conservative economist) Gary S. Becker has written, “Empirical studies confirm . . . that the EITC increases the labor force participation and employment of people with low wages because they need to work in order to receive this credit.” (Becker also has applauded the EITC for being “fully available to families with both parents present, even where only one works and the other cares for their children [i.e., for being available to low-income working families with stay-at-home mothers].”) Studies of the EITC expansions enacted in the 1980s and 1990s found those expansions induced more than half a million people to enter the labor force. One prominent study identified the EITC as “a particularly important contributor to both the recent decrease in welfare use and the recent increase in employment, labor supply, and earnings” among female-headed families. The creation of the refundable component of the Child Tax Credit, which like the EITC is available only to families that work, has complemented the EITC's pro-work efforts. Moreover, the EITC and CTC lifted 8.9 million people — including 4.7 million children — out of poverty in 2010. These refundable credits lift more children out of poverty than any other program or category of programs at any level of government.
And therein lies the irony of Governor Romney's remarks.
In taking to task those who do not pay federal income taxes, Romney is criticizing the very policies favored by those they claim to be their intellectual forbearers along with results that would very much appear to further Romney's own commitment to the family unit and hard work.
And that, in turn, leads us to the truly relevant questions-
Does Governor Romney even know the policies behind what has resulted in the 47 percent of Americans not paying income taxes? Do they understand that these policies were created and supported by the very people whose ideologies are consistent with what the Governor claims to be theirs own?
If Governor Romney does know the history and choses to ignore the same in the effort to strike an emotional—if uninformed—chord with big money political contributors, they certainly reveal a willingness to put marketing over policy.
And if they do not know?
Well, that would be even worse, wouldn't it?
It falls to those who do pay income taxes to decide for themselves if the policies that have led to the 47 percent are wise and in the best interest of the country. Let's just hope that in reaching our conclusions we avoid the emotional and uninformed reactions that come so easily and focus on the relative benefits and detriments of these policies on the nation as a whole.
contact Rick at thepolicypage@gmail.com and follow me on Twitter @rickungar
Naturally, this episode of the Co-Main Event Podcast was recorded just as the announcement that Tyron Woodley will face Stephen Thompson in a welterweight title rematch at UFC 209 was going down. Which is just about typical, right, you guys? Fortunately, this episode of the CME is also an #AintShitGoinOn installment, so while Ben and Chad discuss in passing what next will happen to the UFC 170-pound title, it's far from the focus of the entire show. So take THAT breaking news curse! As usual, the CME Universe comes particularly strong with its emails this week. Ben and Chad's only regret is that they can't sit there answering email questions all day. But an hour and 15 minutes ain't bad. Yeah?
Direct downloaders can continue to file complaints about Meryl Streep's Golden Globes speech right here.
Glenn McDougall, a highly regarded guitar manufacturer from Saskatoon, died on the weekend after a battle with cancer.
Peers, customers and admirers shared their praise for McDougall and their company, Fury, established in 1962.
They were just days short of their 8oth birthday, noted Myles Goodwyn from the band April Wine, in a Facebook post.
“I've known Glenn for about 12 years, in that short time we became very good friends. I sure will miss him,” Goodwyn wrote. “My condolences go out to their widow, Janet, and all their children and grandchildren. As well, their many friends and admirers.”
Sheldon Dingwall of Saskatoon's Dingwall Guitars knew McDougall for 40 years after meeting them as a 16-year-old.
“We all have the same story: we went in for an hour and came out eight hours later and had our minds blown,” Dingwall said in an interview.
“He was a mechanical genius, without a doubt. Their ability to conceptualize machines that would do multiple operations, I think would be on a level with any of the top engineers at GM or Ford.”
On a personal level, Dingwall said McDougall had a heart of gold.
“I describe them as kind of like Fonzie. They never strayed far from their '50s roots. They used to like to fight for sport, not to hurt anybody but for some reason that was their football, picking a fight with somebody bigger than them and giving them a licking. It was always good-natured. They loved to tell stories about it.”
On Facebook, Saskatoon-born Kyle Riabko thanked McDougall for being one of the first people who believed in them as a musician.
“I wanted to share this note with everyone, as an opportunity for a larger audience to pay respect to their lifetime of hard work, their dedication to the craft of guitar-making, and to the impact they made on my life as a musician, among countless others. He's a Saskatoon boy, and one of the hardest working men I've ever known. I'll continue to play their guitars, not only because they are beautiful machines, but as a tribute to their character,” Riabko wrote.
They compared owning a Fury to getting the keys to a car and being allowed to drive as fast as they wanted to.
“When you handed me my first Fury, you told me that this was not a guitar that would respond well to bull—-, that it would spotlight all the details of my playing, good and bad. I took the responsibility seriously and worked my ass off to play well enough that the spotlight would shine mostly on the good stuff. I looked at you as a conduit to the world of true rock and roll, and I wanted to make you proud. I still do.”
McDougall, who was often called “Canada's Leo Fender,” handcrafted some 10,000 guitars, Dingwall estimated. And they will live on.
“There is no known lifespan for an electric guitar, so those 10,000 will be played and cherished and passed down for generations. Three hundred years from now it's conceivable that people could still be playing Fury guitars.”
Ask your mail carrier about dog bites. They'll tell you it's an occupational hazard. According to the American Humane Society, about 4.7 million dog bites occur in the U.S. each year.
What you don't hear much about are cat bites. There aren't nearly as many but, according to researchers at the Mayo Clinic, cat bites are extremely dangerous.
Their jaws may be tiny compared to a dog's but their tiny teeth can do real damage, injecting bacteria deep into joints and tissue, perfect breeding grounds for infection.
One indication of the danger is the required treatment. A Mayo Clinic study covering three years shows that one in three patients treated for a cat bite had to be admitted to a hospital. Of those requiring a hospital stay, two-thirds needed surgery.
The study found that middle-aged women were the most common cat bite victims.
Perfectly-designed injectors
Cats' mouths contain no more bacteria than do dogs', the researchers are quick to point out. It's simply the fact that cats' sharp little fangs are perfectly designed to inject that bacteria deep into tissue.
“The dogs' teeth are blunter, so they don't tend to penetrate as deeply and they tend to leave a larger wound after they bite,” said senior author Brian Carlsen, M.D., a Mayo Clinic plastic surgeon and orthopedic hand surgeon. “The cats' teeth are sharp and they can penetrate very deeply, they can seed bacteria in the joint and tendon sheaths.”
It doesn't take much of a wound to cause the damage. Just a pinpoint bite mark, says Carlsen, can inject bacteria into the tendon sheath or into the joint where they can grow with relative protection from the blood and immune system.
The bacteria from a cat bite can include a strain common in animals that hard to treat in humans because it is particularly hard to fight with antibiotics.
Unpleasant treatment
Patients admitted to a hospital for a cat bite often must have their wounds surgically irrigated, or flushed out, and infected tissue removed, a procedure known as debridement. In the Mayo Clinic study eight of 193 patients needed more than one operation, and some needed reconstructive surgery.
The wrist or any joint in the hand is usually the worst place to receive a bite. In the study it had a higher risk of hospitalization than wounds over soft tissue. A hand, unfortunately, tends to be where a cat will strike, as the victim tries to pet the animal or offer food.
Why would cats bite the hand that feeds them? That's probably an unanswerable question. Suffice it to say that cats can have personalities as varied as human – from Mother Teresa to serial killer.
Infants and cats don't mix
More so that dogs, cats can be highly aggressive when the mood strikes them. They're hard-wired to use teeth and claws to hunt and defend themselves. While your cat may turn up its nose at the fanciest commercial cat food it nonetheless may take great delight in stalking, pouncing on and devouring small animals that enter its domain. If there are no small animals about, your cat may decide to stalk you or other family members instead.
That's why if you have children in a household with a cat, don't encourage rough play, scratching or biting. Things can quickly get out of hand.
Most importantly, infants should never be left alone with a cat. Any cat, no matter how seemingly docile and domesticated, can respond aggressively when certain instincts are triggered. Infants can be severely harmed in just a few seconds. A photo of a baby sleeping with a cat may be cute but a follow-up photo of the stiches won't be as attractive.
Cat fanciers should always be on the lookout for subtle changes in your cat's behavior that could indicate a change in mood is occurring. In particular, dilated pupils and rippling skin could indicate your cat is ready to pounce.
When your cat does, in fact, bite the doctors at the Mayo Clinc say you need to take it seriously. When patients have inflamed skin and swelling, it probably will require aggressive treatment.
“Cat bites look very benign, but as we know and as the study shows, they are not,” Carlsen said. “They can be very serious.”
Dr. Robert Epstein (Ph.D., Harvard University) is a contributing editor for Scientific American Mind and a former editor-in-chief of Psychology Today. In the April/May 2007 issue of Scientific American Mind, Epstein penned an outstanding article entitled The Myth of the Teen Brain. It goes right after the notion, regularly popularized on the covers of magazines like Time and U.S. News & World Report, that incomplete brain development accounts for the emotional problems and general irresponsibility for which teenagers in our day have gained infamy, and that, consequently, rebellion and general incompetence among teens is inevitable.
Epstein's perspective is the polar opposite: “any unique features that may exist in the brains of teens,” says Epstein, “–to the limited extent that such features exist–are the result of social influences rather than the cause of teen turmoil” (emphasis original). They site anthropological research data on teens in 186 preindustrial societies which found that “about 60 percent had no word for ‘adolescence,' teens spent almost all their time with adults, teens showed almost no signs of psychopathology, and antisocial behavior in young males was completely absent in more than half of these cultures and extremely mild in cultures in which it did occur.”
Epstein argues that the angst we see among many teens in the U.S. today is the result of an “artificial extension of childhood” past puberty. They write:
Over the past century, we have increasingly infantilized our young, treating older and older people as children while also isolating them from adults. Laws have restricted their behavior [see box on next page]. Surveys I have conducted show that teens in the U.S. are subjected to more than 10 times as many restrictions as are mainstream adults, twice as many restrictions as active-duty U.S. Marines, and even twice as many restrictions as incarcerated felons. And research I conducted with Diane Dumas as part of their dissertation research at the California School of Professional Psychology shows a positive correlation between the extent to which teens are infantilized and the extent to which they display signs of psychopathology.
The 7-page article's conclusion reads:
Today, with teens trapped in the frivolous world of peer culture, they learn virtually everything they know from one another rather than from the people they are about to become. Isolated from adults and wrongly treated like children, it is no wonder that some teens behave, by adult standards, recklessly or irresponsibly. Almost without exception, the reckless and irresponsible behavior we see is the teen's way of declaring their or their adulthood or, through pregnancy or the commission of serious crime, of instantly becoming an adult under the law. Fortunately, we also know from extensive research both in the U.S. and elsewhere that when we treat teens like adults, they almost immediately rise to the challenge. We need to replace the myth of the immature teen brain with a frank look at capable and savvy teens in history, at teens in other cultures and at the truly extraordinary potential of our own young people today.
You'll want to check this article out. Epstein's most recent book is The Case Against Adolescence: Rediscovering the Adult in Every Teen . Also well worth checking out on this subject is Do Hard Things by Alex and Brett Harris. My own title, Thriving at College, explores in detail the importance of embracing responsibility and adulthood during the college years.
HT: Ed Stetzer
A Toronto woman is alleging they were refused a ride from a cab because it was a short fare.
Dashaa Chuu said the incident happened early Wednesday morning.
“I finished work at 2:30 a.m. and I usually have cash on me because I work in a nightclub on King West,” they said.
READ MORE: Police looking for woman accused of biting Toronto taxi driver's face
“I try and avoid all the drunk people to get home safe.”
They approached a row of parked taxis in the King and Portland area and said they were hailed by the second driver, because the first driver already had a passenger.
“I got in and as soon as they found out that I was just going a couple blocks south, they told me to get out,” they said.
Chuu said the driver became heated when they refused to leave the cab and decided to take a video on their phone, but when they did the driver swatted their hand at them and swore.
“Everybody just wants to get home safe and the cab companies are not doing their jobs,” they said adding it was also the reason why they posted the incident on social media.
Rod Jones, Director Bylaw Enforcement said when incidents like this arise, an investigation is opened.
“There is conversation and interaction before they are able to turn their phone and capture,” they said.
“That's what we want to get and that's why we want to talk to [Chuu].”
Jones said drivers who refuse short-fare rides could be charged under the vehicle-for-hire bylaw and fined up to $500.
READ MORE: 1 man, 2 women sought in taxi driver assault in downtown Toronto
Licensing and Standards confirmed with Global News that an investigation is underway and they will be speaking with Chuu, but it's not known which company the driver works for.
This is a problem Chuu has experienced on more than one occasion and they said they want refusals for short rides to stop.
“It [happens] probably every other time I get into a cab,” they said.
“Just do your job. Everyone wants to get home safe.”
#11-06-2015 NuBot development, update #20
After 7 release candidates today we released NuBot v0.3.1
Pushing price updates through websockets
NuBot can connect to a streaming server (if available) using a websocket and listen and react to commands received from the Server. In this scenario we have two actors : the server (Streamer) and the clients (Subscriber).
This feature has been long awaited, as it now allows multiple custodians to consume a reliable pricefeed and subscribe to push updates. Wall-shifts will now happen simultaneously across exchanges and custodians. Risks derived from wall collisions are significantly reduced (to near 0).
The push service architecture we implemented is robust and each client autonomously performs sanity checks on the price received before acting. It allows hot-swaps of server machines and a load balancer drives the traffic in the right direction. The Streamer tracks the price of multiple fiat and crypto-currencies, and also suggest a price offset to clients (now statically, in the future dynamically).
The full documentation of this service is available on bitbucket.
##Download
at https://bitbucket.org/JordanLeePeershares/nubottrading/downloads/nubot-v0.3.1.zip
Binary Checksum :
$ openssl sha1 nubot-v0.3.1.zip SHA1(nubot-v0.3.1.zip)= 0e961b0c81b17211b7a21840d8434e36f0dea292
Sources and docs at http://tradingbot.nu
Notes for custodians :
All custodians are invited to upgrade to the new version. Please follow and carefully read the new setup tutorial. The old JSON configuration files will not work.
Introduced default configuration parameters. We suggest leaving most options as default.
Deleted configuration parameter : verbose (boolean)
Added configuration parameter : verbosity (string)
Added configuration parameter : bypassStreaming (boolean)
Added configuration parameter : streamingServer (string)
Removed configuration parameter : hipchat (boolean)
Added configuration parameter : gitter (boolean)
Added configuration parameter : webport (int)
Changed default web port from 4567 to 8889.
Apply for a credential token : since the bot uses external services that require authentication, you'll need to apply for a valid auth-token file that is not distributed with the bundle for obvious reasons.
If you are applying as custodian, use this form to request a valid key. You can also skip this step if you plan to manually configure tokens/keys.
Launch string changed to accomodate new optional CLI flag -skipCredentials.
GUI flag renamed to -sever
java -jar NuBot.jar -cfg=<path/to/config.json> [-server] [-skipCredentials]
Please read carefully
v0.3.1 Changelog
New Features:
Price-feed streaming service implementation and deployment. Details are documented here)
Bot consume price-feeds via web-sockets (instant shift, synchronised)
Integration of NuStringEncrypt and NuBot
Basic HTTP API to interact with bot at runtime
Obscured keys via CredentialManager
Log trades for each bot session
Implemented getOrderBook method for available exchanges
Introduced default values for configuration parameters
Checks for latest version on startup and issue warning
Added testExchange() method to run a startup
Graceful failure thrown if another GUI session detected
Created a ExchangeControlPanl GUI to test entry points
Control logging verbosity level via configuration parameter (high,normal,low)
Gitter notifications
Improvements:
Reduced code duplication in PriceFeeds
Shutdown hook improved
Each currency now dinamically loads price feeds via currencies.csv
Gradle build task
Improved updateKeystore.sh script
TestPriceFeeds load dinamically all feeds available for each currency
Add TestMultipleOrders to TestWrappers
Zip the build with correct naming
Each bot session logs to its own subfolder
GUI javascript refactoring
Moved static CCEDK utils to CCEDK Wrapper
web-gui | on build auto compile html also into .mustache files
web-gui | Closing the webpage should prompt for “do you want to terminate server?”
Introduced PriceBatch class
added CLI flag -skipCredentials
Added minimal-configuration-sample.json file to distributed package
Change port of webserver (allowing multiple GUIs at the time)
Bug fixes:
web-gui | page responsiveness adjustment
CCEDK ticker
Poloniex ticker
startupduration -1
Uncountable minor and major fixes.
For the upcoming 0.3.2 version, we are shifting our focus away from priceservice and going to integrate parametric order books into the trading strategy. Stay tuned for next announcement.
Continued from Part 1
The decentralized exchange has been viewed as the first big step towards Bitcoin 2.0. The basic idea is that anyone will be able to issue their own stocks, currencies, ETFs, and other assets from the comfort of their own home. All of those assets can then be traded against one another for little to no cost. This means that someone could potentially create a new currency instantly that is backed by an ounce of gold sitting in a safe at their house. On the other hand, entrepreneurs will realize that it is easier to find investors when they can sell shares in the company rather than promise to provide their early backers with t-shirts and bumper stickers. Let's take a closer look at the real implications of the coming decentralized exchanges.
Colored Coins and Smart Property
Colored Coins is a project that is aiming to build a decentralized exchange where user created assets and smart property can be traded by anyone in the world. The project is nothing more than a new layer on top of Bitcoin, and it comes with its own wallet. The way it works is that users can color their bitcoins to represent certain assets. Going back to the gold example, the person holding that gold could take one of their bitcoins and say that the bitcoin now represents an ounce of gold. They can break that ounce of gold into 100,000,000 pieces, just like a bitcoin. The same concept applies when talking about a new company that wants to offer shares to the public. They could take 10,000 satoshis and say that each one of those satoshis represents a share in their company. Owners of those shares could then trade them for anything from bitcoins to the gold-backed currency mentioned above on the decentralized exchange found in the wallet. A user of the Chromawallet can basically back any of their satoshis with whatever they want. You could even say that one of your satoshis represents the title to your house or car.
Initial Public Offerings
Before the creation of crypto stocks, the process of going public was quite expensive. For example, Twitter recently spent nearly $60 million just on underwriters and IPO fees. The sad part is they actually got a pretty good deal for a traditional IPO. Issuing an IPO also means going through an S-1 filing. The SEC has to take a look at everything laid out in the prospectus, and they'll ask for changes to anything they don't like. There is usually a back and forth between the SEC and the company's legal team for a few months before the government finally allows the company to go through with the IPO. In the early days of crypto stock exchanges, entrepreneurs and heads of companies sometimes had to get permission from the centralized exchange for their particular asset to be listed for trade. With the upcoming decentralized options, an IPO can be launched as soon as the prospectus is ready. The entire process is also completely free. There will be many new, exciting assets created simply because it will be so easy to create them. We could see the fine line between an IPO and a crowdfunding effort become blurred thanks to crypto assets.
Crowdfunding with a Purpose
Before centralized crypto stock exchanges, there were many centralized crowdfunding platforms. On a website such as Kickstarter, an entrepreneur can basically have their customers pay for a product before it is released. This way, the company can have money to work with during the period of time where they are creating a prototype or getting ready for their first shipments. For example, many app developers kickstart their apps by having many people around the Internet donate a few dollars. They can then use those funds for living expenses while the app is being developed. This is definitely a move in the right direction, but it doesn't come close to the crowdfunding experience we will see on the decentralized crypto exchanges. Instead of only offering the product or certain perks to the people who participate in the crowdfunding effort, an entrepreneur can now offer actual shares in the company. For example, Adam Carolla crowdfunded their upcoming movie on a website called FundAnything. The fact that they were able to raise nearly $1.5 million on this website is simply amazing because they aren't really offering much more than t-shirts, access to the Road Hard website, spots in the movie, and other perks to the people who funded the movie. Now, how much do you think Carolla, or anyone else for that matter, would be able to raise if they were able to easily sell shares of the future profits that the movie could make from the theatrical release, Netflix licensing, and everything else? A crypto asset could also be used as a token that can be redeemed for a copy of the movie after release. It will be interesting to see the kinds of unique funding methods that entrepreneurs can create in this environment. Whether you're an author looking to kickstart a book or a company worth millions of dollars looking to go public, decentralized crypto stock exchanges are going to be your best option.
Shareholder Voting
Most of the early Bitcoin stock exchanges allowed for some form of shareholder voting on their online portals, and we can expect to see the same option in all of the decentralized exchanges. The only difference is that the voting could take on a proof of stake system. With this setup, someone who owns a crypto asset would basically have to digitally log in to the voting portal by signing a message with the private key from the Bitcoin address that holds their shares in the company.
Asset Backed Crypto Currencies
While the main point of Colored Coins and other similar projects is to allow people to issue assets and then exchange them in a decentralized manner, there is another aspect of this revolutionary concept that needs to be addressed. At the end of the day, these new assets could basically turn into their own cryptocurrencies. For example, some merchants may want to accept a gold-backed ETF from one of the decentralized exchanges as payment for goods and services. We could even see people paying for groceries with bits of Apple stock. As of right now, you could make the argument that Apple stock would be a better form of currency than bitcoins. After all, the market cap of Apple has been hovering around the $500 billion mark, which is about 50 times the value of all the bitcoins in the world. This system could also work for a form of bartering. Let's say you decide to help a musician or band kickstart their album. They give you a crypto asset that can eventually be redeemed for the released album after you send them some bitcoins. What's stopping you from using that album token as money to pay back a friend for lunch? These are the kinds of possibilities that are leading many people to rethink their own definitions of money.
Continue to Part 3
Joe O'Brien is an entirely reliable compiler of reports, so why did they have to fight so hard to reveal the under-reporting of homelessness, asks, Michael Clifford
JOE O'Brien knows what it feels like to go up against the system.
They blew the whistle on what they saw as unethical practices in the public service, of which homeless people were the ultimate victims.
Their story is compelling and familiar in terms of the fate of whistleblowers in this country. It also highlights that while the law can now protect those who report unethical practices, the level of protection is limited.
In 2014, O'Brien was employed as a policy officer for Crosscare, the social support agency for the Dublin archdiocese. Crosscare is involved in a range of social support activity, including attempting to find emergency service for homeless people. Most of those looking for such accommodation who come into contact with Crosscare tend to be foreign nationals.
O'Brien enjoyed their job and from their record they were good at it. As part of their work they had compiled three separate reports on policy which commented on, and were critical, of, the work of government departments. All were accepted by the departments, which engaged with Crosscare on the issues raised.
A few years ago, they and their colleagues began noticing that some of the people the agency referred for emergency accommodation to Dublin City Council's main office were being poorly treated. The Dublin Regional Homeless Executive (DRHE), which is run by the council, was informed of this concern on a number of occasions. Yet nothing changed.
One of the major issues was that little effort was made to accommodate some foreign nationals referred by Crosscare. Instead, these people were passed on to another office, the New Communities Unit (NCU), which operates under the Department of Social Protection.
O'Brien decided to put together a report on the shortcomings in the system.
They soon discovered that in 2013, the homeless executive had stated that 4,613 people used emergency accommodation. Yet this figure did not include those referred on to the NCU, which numbered 2,756 that year. In other words, the figures for homelessness were being understated by up to 57%, or 2,756 individuals.
Under-reporting the level of homelessness has serious implications. It minimises a humanitarian problem, but it also ensures that resources sufficient to meet the actual level of homelessness are not being deployed.
“It was increasingly clear to me in the process of writing the report that people accommodated by the NCU were not being counted in the official figures,” O'Brien tells the Irish Examiner.
“I had submitted this question concerning possible gross under-reporting of homelessness as an FoI [Freedom of Information] request but this request was refused without reason and then refused on appeal without reason by the homeless executive (DRHE).”
They then appealed to the Information Commissioner. They say that as a result of that appeal, the commissioner contacted the homeless executive — as per process — and Crosscare was then contacted by the executive to “express anger and disappointment that I had submitted an appeal to the Information Commissioner”.
They say they were directed to withdraw the appeal. Crosscare would have good reason not to upset any element of Dublin City Council, as the council is its main funder.
O'Brien withdrew the appeal but completed the report, which included among its conclusions: “The lack of communication between local authorities and the NCU has resulted in people being placed in emergency homeless accommodation without being assessed for their social housing needs and allocated, if appropriate, ‘Homeless Priority' status on the social housing list. This leads to an under-assessment of the funding and resources required to adequately deal with the homeless and housing crisis.”
That was in December 2014. After Christmas, they were called in by a senior manager and told the report would not be published. O'Brien was devastated.
“After being told that the report was not going to be published I repeatedly urged Crosscare management to reconsider,” they say. “I felt I pushed this as far as I could without getting formally reprimanded. After it became very clear that Crosscare were not going to publish the report I urged management to at least give the homeless executive a copy of the report. This was finally agreed to and a slightly altered version of the report was sent in March 2015.”
Other efforts to have it published failed. O'Brien grew increasingly frustrated. As far as they were concerned, this matter continued to ensure that resources were simply not matching the level of homelessness as per the official figures.
Eventually, they decided to go to the media. They approached the social affairs correspondent of The Irish Times with the report. At the same time, they sought legal advice to ensure they were covered under the Protective Disclosures Act, the law brought in the previous year to protect whistleblowers.
The story was published in The Irish Times on September 9 under the headline ‘Migrants housing rights highlighted in unpublished report'. The main thrust of what was written was the poor treatment of migrants at the hands of the council rather than the likely serious under-reporting of homeless figures.
Neither was there any reference to the obstruction O'Brien says they had encountered. “None of my supplied statements detailing the reasoning for my actions and DRHE's acts of obstruction were used in the articles,” they said.
“Crosscare refused to comment on the report. While I was glad and grateful that some of the key findings of the report were now in the public domain I felt that the full story had not been told, that the DRHE were not being held to account, and that the public did not know that homelessness was being significantly under-counted in Dublin.”
There were no repercussions for them in Crosscare, as they were covered by the law. Yet, they had crossed the line known only to whistleblowers. Inside the tent, they were no longer a person who could be trusted.
Irrespective of their own position, they pursued what they saw as the real story. They approached Independent TD Maureen O'Sullivan, who asked a number of parliamentary questions on the issue. Each time, the environment minister said it was a matter for Dublin City Council.
At council level, Ciaran Cuffe of the Green Party asked a question of the chief executive, which was replied to on December 7 last.
“The document referred to is an internal and unpublished Crosscare document. The DRHE is not responsible for the production, its content or its dissemination.
“It is important to note that in August 2015, the unpublished document as referred to was given to The Irish Times and reported upon. DRHE confirmed its position that the report was considered unreliable and that no further comment would be given. The office of the CEO of Crosscare confirmed to DRHE that regretfully this action was undertaken without sanction.”
The reply resonates with the typical means of discrediting a whistleblower. The report is considered “unreliable” and was even compiled “without sanction”.
Who would get involved in such an exercise but a maverick, a malcontent, someone with a nefarious agenda? In reality, O'Brien was cleared to write the report, but was not sanctioned to leak it, something they resorted to out of extreme frustration. As for being “unreliable”, their record in writing reports speaks of somebody entirely reliable.
Neither Crosscare nor the DRHE has specified what exactly is deemed to be “unreliable” about the report.
Their crime was to refuse to back down when the pressure came on.
O'Brien has since left Crosscare as it became plain to them that they wouldn't have a future there and is now employed by another NGO. They also decided to get involved in politics, which has led them to be selected to stand in the forthcoming general election for the Green Party in Dublin Fingal.
Statements from Crosscare and DHRE
The Irish Examiner submitted a number of questions to Crosscare and the Dublin Regional Homeless Executive concerning Joe O'Brien, how they were treated, and the report they compiled.
In particular a question was asked as to whether referrals to the New Communities Unit were included in the homeless figures. None of the questions were directly addressed, but both organisations submitted statements.
Crosscare said: “This report was not intended for publication but was invited as a discussion document to raise issues with the DRHE that were of concern.
"DRHE arranged to meet with our staff to discuss the issues raised in the report and have been positive in their willingness to work with us to improve the quality of services that are on offer. This work is ongoing.”
The DRHE said: “The document referred to is an internal and unpublished Crosscare document. The DRHE is not responsible for the production, its content or its dissemination.
"In August 2015, after publication of media article on same, the DRHE confirmed its position that the report was considered unreliable.
"The office of the CEO of Crosscare confirmed to DRHE that regretfully this action was undertaken without sanction.
"It is worth noting that DRHE continues to develop policy and practice relating to this area, ie, migration and homelessness.”
News broke today that the entire Google company will now be classed under another company that will be called Alphabet. This change will make all the Google features all separate from each other giving easier opportunities for innovations and acquisitions. I have decided to provide an alphabet (see what I did there) of some of the many google features we all know and love. Some of these features will become separate from Google, but still be under the banner of Alphabet.
A is for Android
An operating system for phones owned by Google, as well as Google Play app store.
B is for Blogger
Google's platform for aspiring bloggers. (WordPress is better, just saying)
C is for Calico
A company aspiring to solve the problem of ageing.
D is for Docs
An online word processor much like Microsoft Word.
E is for Email
Gmail is the one of the top email providers and seems to be integrated into every Google website.
F is for Fiber
Google's company that builds high-speed internet connections.
G is for Google Search
The ever popular Google search that we all used to find websites we need.
H is for Hangouts
Like Skype, and can be more than one person at a time through your Google account.
I am for Inbox
Google's mail app for phones.
J is for Jetpac
A app used to create data from photos.
K is for Knowledge Graph
The info you receive on the right of most Google searches.
L is for Life Sciences
The ventures concerning the way we live.
M is for Maps
Google Maps the way for internet savvy users to find their way around in the real world.
N is for Nest
A way to modernise your home with futuristic appliances.
O is for Offers
The part of Google that shows you the best deals for an item you want to buy.
P is for Picasa
The well-known Photo Editor.
Q is for Quest Visual
A company bought by Google in 2014 known for creating the AR app Word Lens.
R is for Robotics
The company's ventures into robotics.
S is for Shopping
Google's marketplace for selling and comparing items.
T is for TV
Google have even created Google TV which is a kind of Smart TV that runs an Android operating system.
U is for Under Construction
U was a hard one, so I dedicated it to the many projects that we don't know about yet and are still under construction.
V is for Ventures
A venture capital company.
W is for Wallet
A mobile payment system similar to PayPal and Apple Pay
X is for Google X
Google X is the place for all the crazy ideas created by Google. Some of these ideas include the driverless car, postage via drones, and Wi-fi enabled hot-air balloons.
Y is for YouTube
The most popular video sharing platform online.
Z is for Zagat
Z was another hard one. Zagat are a company that collect survey results for restaurants started in 1979 as a restaurant guide book publisher, but were bought by google in 2011.
It is getting increasingly hard to get Google out of our lives, but whether you like them or hate them they do provide good websites for all.
Advertisements
Surprise: FilmOn Wins Court Battles That Aereo Had Failed
In a potentially major ruling for Internet video services, a Federal Judge has ruled that online television service FilmOn X LLC should be treated like a traditional cable system. U.S. District Judge George Wu in Los Angeles ruled that FilmOn X is entitled to a compulsory license under the Copyright Act to retransmit the broadcasters' programs if it meets the law's requirements.
The ruling could force broadcasters like CBS, Fox, NBC and to license their programming to Internet companies at discounted rates, opening up the Internet video landscape dramatically.
"The broadcasters have been trying to keep their foot on the throat of innovation," FilmOn X's lawyer Ryan Baker told Reuters in an interview. "The court's decision today is a win for technology and for the American public."
In a statement of its own, Fox declared the ruling "contravenes all legal precedent" and promised to appeal. The ruling comes less than a year after the Supreme Court ruled that Aereo violated copyright, forcing the operation to shut down. The ruling's a notable surprise given that while Aereo carefully crafted its service to dance around the law (and died), FilmOn simply bull-rushed the market (and, for now, appears to be winning).
The full ruling can be found here (pdf).
LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's economy is ending 2017 lagging the euro zone's strong recovery as the effects of last year's Brexit vote weigh on shoppers and on businesses, according to a range of data released on Tuesday.
FILE PHOTO: Customers sit inside the Da Mario restaurant in London, Britain, August 15, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
The dominant services sector lost some momentum in November while prices charged by companies rose at their fastest pace in nearly 10 years, potentially adding to the country's inflation problem, a closely watched survey showed.
Another report showed shoppers spent more of their budgets on the rising cost of food, while car sales fell for the eighth month in a row in November.
Britain's economy withstood the initial shock of the Brexit vote in 2016 but has slowed sharply this year as the pound's plunge following the referendum pushed up inflation and hit households at a time when wages are growing only sluggishly.
Companies have meanwhile slowed investment as they wait to see what leaving the European Union means to them, potentially adding to Britain's weak productivity growth — another drag on the economy.
Prime Minister Theresa May failed to clinch a deal on Monday to open talks on post-Brexit free trade with the European Union after a tentative deal with Dublin to keep EU rules in Northern Ireland angered their political allies in Belfast.
The monthly IHS Markit/CIPS services Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI), covering businesses from hotels to hairdressers, fell to 53.8 in November from to 55.6 in October, at the low end of most forecasts from economists polled by Reuters.
Taken along with a pickup for the smaller manufacturing and construction sectors, November's PMIs suggested the economy was likely to see robust quarterly growth of about 0.45 percent in late 2017, IHS Markit said — faster than earlier in the year.
But businesses were downbeat about the prospects for the economy and the composite PMI of British services plus manufacturing fell to 54.9, a long way short of the euro zone's 57.5, its highest since April 2011. [EUR/PMIS]
“The euro zone is going great guns at the moment and it will almost certainly outpace the UK this year and next,” Investec economist Philip Shaw said.
Chris Williamson, an economist with IHS Markit, said the big news in the services survey was the jump in prices charged by companies. They hit their highest level since February 2008, and the second-highest since the survey began in 1996.
That is likely to be a worrying sign for the Bank of England which has said inflation has probably already peaked and has signalled only a gradual rise in interest rates after it raised borrowing costs for the first time in a decade last month.
“Rising oil prices were again to blame in November, with firms also reporting the need to pass higher costs of a wide variety of other inputs on to customers as a result of the weak pound having driven up import prices,” Williamson said.
“As such, the survey data suggest that inflationary pressures have yet to peak.”
Source of human livers
The work described in this paper was performed on healthy human livers that were harvested for transplantation and then judged unsuitable because of prolonged graft cold ischaemic time, the presence of extra-hepatic malignancy or other important extra-hepatic co-morbidities in donors or recipients. Livers included in this study were defined “healthy” because of the absence of any degree of tissue fibrosis and fat accumulation by histological analysis. The study was approved by the UCL Royal Free BiobankEthical Review Committee (NRES Rec Reference: 11/WA/0077). Informed consent for research was confirmed via the NHSBT ODT organ retrieval pathway, and the project was also approved by the NHSBT Research Governance Committee. Donor livers were processed in accordance with the UCL Royal Free Biobank protocols under the Research Tissue Bank Human Tissue Act licence, prior to use in research. Human livers obtained at the Royal Free London Foundation Trust were coordinated, received and recorded by the UCL Tissue Access for Patient Benefit organisation (TAPb) which links research activities between UCL Royal Free Biobank, the Royal Free Trust and UCL. TAPb has full governance in place for this purpose which has involved NHSBT ODT pathway, the Human Tissue Authority licencing, and the local Trust/UCL Research offices.
Surgery of human liver in preparation for the decellularization procedure
Human livers (n = 3) were either surgically processed in order to obtain the liver left lobes (n = 2) [374 g and 250 g, respectively] including segments 1, 2, 3 and 4 or retained as a whole liver (n = 1) [1, 774 Kg] with preserved vascular access.
Whole liver preparation: the donor liver was processed exactly as for liver transplantation; thereafter the upper caval cuff, reaching the atrial rim, was oversewn with a running double row of 3-0 prolene suture. The water tightness of the organ was proofed both by antegrade portal and retrograde hepatic venous perfusion under relative high pressure as produced by a 50 ml bladder syringe with PBS solution.
Segmental liver preparation of left lateral liver (S1 + S2 + S3 + S4): dissection is started at the hilar region with inspection, preparation, division and ligation of the hepatic artery (HA), of the portal vein (PV) and of the bile duct (BD). Segment 4 HA is preserved if originating from the right hepatic artery, forcing the division of the right HA distal to its bifurcation. The right hepatic vein is divided and the middle and left hepatic veins are preserved with the future left reduced size left liver. The line of parenchymal division is maintained to the left of the line of Cantlie in order to maintain the left portion of S4. The parenchyma is divided sharply with a knife for the liver capsule and subsequently with crush-clamp technique, performing meticulous hemo- and bilio-stasis. The parenchymal division is carried to the end, producing a left lateral liver extended to S4 and a right liver as non-functional unit. Finally, the upper caval cuff, reaching the atrial rim is oversewn with a running double run of 3-0 prolene suture.
Human livers were then frozen at −80 °C for at least 24 h for the purposes of initial destruction of the various cellular compartments.
Decellularization Protocols of Whole Human Liver Lobe
The perfusion regime for the decellularization of the liver left lobe is shown in Table1. The decellularization of the whole liver was achieved by repeating the procedure shown in Table 1 three times (the freezing/thawing step was performed just once). The following abbreviations were used: distilled Water (dH 2 O), TX100 (Triton X100), SDS (sodium dodecyl sulfate), A-A 5% (Antibiotic and Antimycotic), PAA (paracetic acid) and EtOH (ethanol) purchased from Sigma Aldrich.
Table 1: Perfusion protocol. Full size table
The initial flow rate for decellularization perfusion was 0.2–0.3 ml/min/g of liver. Subsequently, two phases of perfusion were adopted a) steeply increasing flow rate to compensate reduced resistance and b) stabilization of the flow rate as the decellularization proceeds. The two phases of flow rate are shown in Fig. 8. After decellularization, 125 mm3 cubic scaffold fragments (5 mm×5 mm×5 mm) were dissected by scalpel cleavage for further characterization and liver bioengineering in vitro.
Figure 8: Flow rate. The graph illustrates the increasing flow rate (x fold) over time starting with an initial flow rate of 0.2–0.3 ml/min/g of liver. The decellularization of a human liver left lobe (blue line) was achieved in 2 weeks, while the decellularization of a whole human liver (red line) was completed in 6 weeks. Full size image
Histology and immunostaining analysis
Samples were fixed for at least 24 hours in 10% neutral buffered formalin solution (pH 7.4) at RT. Tissue was embedded in paraffin and sectioned at 4 μm. Prior to staining sections were dewaxed in xylene and rehydrated using graded industrial denatured alcohol (IDA).
Histochemical stains: tissue sections were stained with Harris's Haematoxylin and Eosin (H&E) (Leica, Germany), Picro-Sirius Red (SR) (Hopkin & Williams) (BDH Chemicals Ltd, Cellpath Ltd) and stains Miller's Elastic stain with a Picro-Sirius red counter stain (VWR, Leica, Raymond A Lamb).
Immunocytochemistry: sections stained with Collagen I, III, IV, fibronectin and laminin were incubated in 0.5% Trypsin (MP Biomedical)/0.5% Chymotrypsin (Sigma)/1% Calcium Chloride (BDH) in Tris buffered saline pH 7.6 (TBS) for 30 minutes at 37 °C. Sections stained with alpha-smooth muscle actin (SMA) were microwaved (640 W) for 20 minutes in 1L of Tris-EDTA buffer (10 mM Tris-base/1 mM EDTA solution, pH9.0) and sections for CD3 pressure cooked for 3 mins in sodium citrate buffer (10 mM Sodium Citrate, pH 6.0). Slides were then soaked in TBS with 0.04% Tween-20 (Sigma) for 5 mins, blocked in peroxidase blocking solution (Novocastra) for 5 minutes, washed in TBS for 5 mins and then incubated for 1 hour in the following primary antibodies; collagen I (Rabbit pAb to coll1 (ab34710), diluted 1:200; Abcam), collagen III (Rabbit pAB to coll3 (ab7778), diluted 1:500; Abcam), collagen IV (mouse mAb to coll4 (M0785), diluted 1:25; Dako), fibronectin (mouse mAb to fibronectin (MAB1937), diluted 1:100; Millipore), laminin (mouse mAb to laminin α5-chain (MAB1924), diluted 1:200; Millipore), alpha-Smooth Muscle Actin (mouse mAb to SMA, (M0851/1A4), diluted 1:500; Dako) and CD3 (rabbit pAb to CD3, (AO452), diluted 1:200; Dako). The slides were then placed for 25 minutes in NovolinkTM post primary (Novocastra), 25 mins in NovolinkTM polymer solution (Novocastra) and developed with NovolinkTM 3,3′ di-amino-benzidine (Novocastra) with a 5 minute wash in TBS with 0.04% Tween-20 between each step. Slides were counterstained with Mayer's Haematoxylin (Sigma) for 3 min. All sections were dehydrated in graded IDA, cleared in xylene and were mounted with DPX (Leica biosystems); cover slipped and observed using a Zeiss Axioskop 40. Images were captured with an Axiocam IcC5 using Zeiss Axiovision (verison 4.8.2). All images were analysed and enhanced using Fiji v1.49d (ImageJ Jenkins server).
DNA quantification
To assess total DNA content within native tissue and acellular matrices, the DNeasy Blood and Tissue kit was used according to the manufacturer's manual (Qiagen). Briefly, specimens were digested with Proteinase K overnight. DNA samples were purified using buffers provided by the company and measured spectrophotometrically (Nanodrop, Thermo Scientific, US). Optical densities at 260 nm and 280 nm were used to estimate the purity and yield of nucleic acids.
Collagen quantification
The collagen content of native tissue and decellularized tissue was quantified using the total collagen assay kit according to the manufacturer's manual (QuickZyme Biosciences, The Netherlands). Briefly, samples were hydrolysed in 6M HCl at 95 °C for 20 hours, the hydrolysates were mixed with a chromogen solution staining the hydroxyproline residues and color was developed at 60 °C for 1 hour. The absorbance for each sample was determined at 555 nm using a FLUOstar Omega microplate reader (BMG labtech, Germany) and the collagen quantity was calculated by usage of a standard curve of pure collagen hydrolysates.
Elastin quantification
The elastin content of native and decellularized tissue was quantified using the FASTIN elastin assay (Biocolor, UK) according to the manufacturer's instructions. Briefly, the samples were homogenized, and elastin was solubilized in 0.25 M oxalic acid. Two consecutive incubations were performed at 95 °C to ensure complete extraction of elastin. Extracts were incubated with 5,10,15,20-tetraphenyl-21H,23H-porphine tetrasulfonate (TPPS) dye, and absorbance was determined at 513 nm spectrophotometrically FLUOstar Omega microplate reader (BMG labtech, Germany). Elastin concentrations from a standard curve were used to calculate the elastin content of the tissue.
Scanning Electron Microscopy (SEM)
Samples were fixed in 2.5% glutaraldehyde in 0.1 M phosphate buffer and left for 24 hours at 4 °C. Following washing with 0.1 M phosphate buffer, samples were cut into segments of approximately 1 cm length and cryoprotected in 25% sucrose, 10% glycerol in 0.05 M PBS (pH 7.4) for 2 hours, then fast frozen in Nitrogen slush and fractured at approximately −160 °C. Next, samples were then placed back into the cryoprotectant at room temperature and allowed to thaw. After washing in 0.1 M phosphate buffer (pH 7.4), the material was fixed in 1% OsO4 / 0.1 M phosphate buffer (pH 7.3) at 3 °C for 1½ hours and washed again in 0.1 M phosphate buffer (pH 7.4). After rinsing with dH2O, specimens were dehydrated in a graded ethanol-water series to 100% ethanol, critical point dried using CO 2 and finally mounted on aluminum stubs using sticky carbon taps. The fractured material was mounted to present fractured surfaces across the parenchyma to the beam and coated with a thin layer of Au/Pd (approximately 2 nm thick) using a Gatan ion beam coater. Images were recorded with a 7401 FEG scanning electron microscope (Jeol, USA).
Xenotransplantation in immunocompetent mice
All animal experiments were approved by the Home Office under the UK Animals and Scientific Procedures Act 1986 and in accordance with the guidelines of the Comparative Biology Unit, Biological Services University College London (UCL) under Project license 70/7100.
For biocompatibility studies, twelve male C57BL/6J mice, aged 3–4 weeks, were used. Human liver cubic scaffolds were surgically implanted either subcutaneously (n = 6) or into the omentum (n = 6). Following shaving the operating area, the skin was cleaned with 10% povidone iodine (Videne, Ecolab, Leeds, UK) and 20% chlorhexidine gluconate (Hydrex pink, Ecolab, Leeds, UK). Isoflurane (2% with 98% oxygen) was used to induce anesthesia. For subcutaneous implantation, a small incision (5 mm) was made between the shoulder blades and a subcutaneous tunnel was made by blunt dissection. The human liver cubic scaffold was inserted into the subcutaneous tunnel and the wound was closed with absorbable 4-0 vicryl sutures. When applying an omental implantation, a small midline abdominal incision was made and the human liver cubic scaffold was folded with the omentum and was secured in place by 6-0 vicryl sutures. The abdomen was closed in two layers. After 7 and 21 days, mice were euthanized and the implants along with the surrounding tissues were harvested and fixed in 10% formalin for histological and immunohistochemical evaluation.
Cell Culture
The LX2 cell line is a well-established hepatic stellate cell line that was generated by a spontaneous immortalization in low serum conditions30. Cells are cultured in Iscove's Modified DMEM supplemented with 2 mM/L glutamine, 0.1 mM/L non-essential amino acids, 1.0 mM/L sodium pyruvate and 20% Foetal Bovine Serum (FBS). HepG2 and Sk-Hep-1 cells (ATCC® HTB-52™) are derived from a human hepatoblastoma and a human hepatocellular carcinoma, respectively. Both cell types were purchased from ATCC (VA, USA) and cultured in Eagle's Minimum Essential medium (EMEM), supplemented with Glutamax, 0.1 mM/L non-essential amino acids, 1.0 mM/L sodium pyruvate and 10% FBS. All cells were cultured under standard conditions in a humidified incubator under 5% CO 2 and at 37 °C. Every 3 days the complete culture medium was changed and sub-confluent cells were trypsinized and passaged at a split ratio 1:3.
Repopulation and culture of engineered human liver
Human liver cubic scaffolds were kept overnight in complete medium [day -1]. Cells were re-suspended at a concentration of 2 million cells per 50 μl (2 × 106/50 μL) per scaffold (n ≥ 12 per cell line). Cells were drawn up in a 0.5 ml insulin syringe and released drop by drop to finally cover the decellularized tissue. Seeded scaffolds were kept for 2 h in a humidified environment at 37 °C with 5% CO 2 allowing cell attachment followed by addition of complete culture medium [day 0]. The culture medium was changed at day 1 and afterwards every 3 days. At days 7, 14 and 21 following seeding, the scaffolds were placed in 10% formaldehyde and assessed by histology and immunohistochemistry or fixed in 2.5% glutaraldehyde for SEM analysis.
Statistical analysis
Results were expressed as mean ± s.d. All data was analysed with ANOVA or Student's t-test. Two-talied p values less than 0.05 were considered statistically significant.
This article is over 2 years old
Art gallery owner Kevin Reid moved wife Kari Graham-Reid away from danger after men confronted the couple in Georgia
Australian shot dead by robbers in US praised as hero by wife
Australian art gallery owner Kevin Reid has been praised as a hero by their wife after they moved them out of danger moments before masked robbers fatally shot them dead on a US street.
Kari Graham-Reid told how they were on an after-dinner stroll with their “wonderful” husband near their home in Savannah, Georgia, on Wednesday night when three men suddenly appeared from the shadows.
“He moved me out of the way and more than likely saved my life,” Graham-Reid wrote on Facebook. “He was a hero in so many ways and my heart is broken.”
Reid's death has shocked Savannah, where the Canberra-born 54-year-old quickly became a valued member of the community after opening the Australian Aboriginal Art Gallery in April.
Local police described one of the suspects as a black male wearing a light coloured bandanna over their face. The other two suspects were described as black males.
“There hasn't been an arrest in the case yet,” said Darnisha Green of the Savannah-Chatham Metropolitan police department.
Green declined to say if Reid was shot after refusing to hand over money to the robbers.
Their friends said the easygoing Reid likely would not have tried to fight off the men.
“If I had to guess, when they were approached Kevin would have said, ‘Oh come on. I'll give you some cash. Let's go and get a beer',” friend Marcia Banes, of Old Savannah Tours, said.
Reid developed a great love of Aboriginal art after living in Alice Springs for 25 years.
Their Savannah gallery specialised in contemporary central and western desert art and jewellery created using paintings by the Warlukurlangu artists of the Northern Territory.
Reid, who first visited the art-friendly community of Savannah in 1992, opened what they believed to be the only Aboriginal art gallery on America's eastern seaboard.
Graham-Reid, an American, said the happiest day of their life was when they married.
“Kevin was the most wonderful man I've ever known, they would give the shirt off their back to help anyone in need,” Graham-Reid wrote. “He was bright, funny and deeply loyal.”
Savannah, with its cobblestone streets and rich history as an important site during the American Revolution and US Civil War, is a popular tourist destination.
Australians are Savannah's fifth-largest international tourism market.
However, locals are concerned by an increase in violence and filled message boards on local websites with heartfelt messages for Reid and their family, outrage at crime in the area and debates about Georgia's lax gun laws.
One local wrote they were going to buy a gun “ASAP” to protect themselves because they lived just two minutes from the scene of the shooting.
Christopher Chemsak, who lived in Reid's apartment building, recalled how they sat with them on the front porch a few days ago and the Australian remarked how “life is good”.
Banes said there were plans to hold a memorial for Reid and also open their gallery for the public to buy artwork to support their family.
In a post yesterday, some readers bandied about the idea of developing some reasonably thought out proposals for “nationalization” or “receivership” or “pre-privatization”, possibly on an open source model of some sort. (Aside: those who know how Linux was developed know that it wasn't free form; Linus Torvalds exercised control, one might think of it as final edit, and they also delegated areas of supervision to key lieutenants. That was obviously a much bigger task than this would be, but I just wanted to give readers a heads-up that there needs to be someone, maybe several someones, in charge if we collectively take this to the next step).
That's a long-winded way of saying this is an idea I'd like to pursue, and per my earlier post, I don't see Team Obama moving in this direction soon (as I said, it would be much better were I proven wrong). But to make the most of it, some preliminary discussion would be useful.
One of the things about group problem-solving is that people tend to want to drive for solutions before they have all the relevant data at hand. And studies have shown that putting proposals on the table, even at a supposedly early stage in the process (i.e., while fact gathering is being done) winds up cutting down on idea generation (the problem here, of course, is there are already options on the table, but I'd like to focus upstream as much as possible).
The better way to go about it is to segregate problem definition/examination of possibly relevant facts from option generation/assessment. So I'd like to push further on flushing out possible complicating issues.
I also want to address the knee jerk reaction I get from some readers when the word “nationalization” comes up, particularly from those readers who say they'd prefer a form of receivership.
Folks, this is a nomenclature issue. Let me turn the mike over to reader Steve, who worked for the FDIC:
Americans are funny. `Nationalization' immediately evokes Soviet commissars and bearded guys yelling in Spanish — the unjust taking of successful businesses by brutes and bullies. If someone does think of the companies that failed into government ownership in Europe, well, those pinko wussies ran them into the ground in the first place and wouldn't let Real Men come in and run them, and I hope they've learned their lesson. But if you say that when Dopey Bank & Trust failed its assets were nationalized, the response is, oh please, that doesn't happen in America. Everybody knows that deposit insurance comes from the tooth fairy. Ultimately, the taxpayer is on the hook for deposit insurance, so while FDIC is technically a government corporation rather than a government agency, it's still nationalization. The failed bank's assets are removed from the private sector and returned to it over time. Even in an immediate sale, FDIC often retains a loss position; and while the asset sale is technically a receiver's sale, the deposit insurance is paid by FDIC in its corporate capacity, with a due-from receiver to cover the insurance outlay. Under FDICIA, the nationalization aspect is even more pronounced than in the past: FDIC used to share pari passu with all general creditors of the failed bank, now it has absolutely priority as a creditor until it is made whole for the deposit insurance paid and the costs of paying it. Bair has bent this priority quite a bit by paying advanced dividends to excess depositors even when it clears that FDIC will incur a substantial loss on coverage of deposits under the legal limit.
So if you are OK with the FDIC (actually, technically, they're chartering authority, namely the OCC, OTS, or state closes the bank, the FDIC is the receiver) taking over dud banks), you are OK with nationalization. What we then need to figure out is what form it would be best to take for big banks, since the normal FDIC process (as discussed in our earlier post) doesn't fit the mega banks too well.
And to clarify: I am not a fan of nationalization or otherwise taking financial firms out and shooting them per se, but the alternative of having them have in effect an open funding source from taxpayers is worse. As Steve Waldman put it:
Zombie banks beg for money. They are very clever. They come up with ways you can give them money while pretending not to give them money, such as guaranteeing their assets, guaranteeing new debt issues, or buying up assets at “hold to maturity” values. Just say no! A healthy financial system cannot be run by zombies. “Rescuing” insolvent banks makes about as much sense as tying string to the arms of a loved one's corpse so it can come to the dinner table as a marionette. For a while that may be comforting (or not), but pretty soon it's sure to smell really bad, and it's gonna ooze. If you think you have engineered a miraculous turnaround, you have only made matters worse. An undead bank is an abomination. It will pretend good health but hide a rot. It will afflict you, over and over and over again, with harrowing near insolvencies (cf Citibank). Dead banks must be allowed to die.
The big problem is the bad incentives. The taxpayer has been putting money in at well below rates the private sector would require, and worse, management and stockholders get the upside. That means they still have reason to take risk since Joe Public will eat any mistakes. And if you think this won't happen, some believe that the reason Merrill's results deteriorated badly in the fourth quarter was due to trader bets gone bad.
Any private investor who had put as much as the government has put into faltering banks would have far more supervision (board seats, probably regular operational reports) and would also have replaced the CEO, with an understanding that they could clean house if they saw fit. Getting a new CEO in is usually standard operating procedure with distressed organizations, but the Treasury and Fed are writing checks and failing to make inquiries. Look at the contrast with the treatment of GM and Chrysler, which are being asked plenty of tough questions and are required to submit turnaround plans that could be rejected or be revised under duress.
Now to some of the problems with nationalization :. I'd like readers to help start an “problems to be addressed” list. One set came up in the prior post: the really big banks, Citi and BofA in particular, have large capital markets operations. There isn't an obvious way to put the trading operations into receivership. The notion of a normal Chapter 11 is creditors are kept at bay, for biggies there is DIP financing to pay for routine expenses (beyond what revenues might cover) while the bankruptcy is on. But trading firms live on credit. The DIP model won't work here.
What remedies or alternatives might there be? Could the trading ops be segregated with a government backstop to be kept going, and the other non-trading capital markets businesses (prime brokerage, asset management, prop trading, etc) be put into receivership? What are the issues here, regulatory and practical? (This is one reason why Willem Buiter's “good bank” model does not seem applicable to these firms, unless you want to see the investment banking rump of Citi and the former Merrilll go into a Lehman style collapse).
Bonds are risk capital, and it would seem better to take out bondholders before having taxpayers pony up. But that is treated a as third rail issue. What are the potential complications that need to be thought through here?
There are also many regulators involved here. The SEC regulates broker dealers and asset managers; the CFTC, any commodity trading; BofA and Citi are subject to foreign regulation of both their banking and securities operations. I don't know to what extent these are mere complications (one could assume they'd largely accede to a reasonable plan from the Treasury/Fed, particularly if the alternatives looked worse, but there could be some sticky issues, like worries that foreign depositors would be shafted, as Icelandic banks did in their meltdown). However, the really bad stuff is OTC debt and derivatives, which are largely unsupervised. Anyone who has any insight here is encouraged to speak up.
Please feel free to address these issues and flag others in comments. If nothing else, this should be instructive for all. Thanks!
A popular over-the-counter heartburn medication accelerated aging of blood vessel cells in lab tests, raising red flags about its long-term effect on heart health, researchers say.
Faster aging of blood vessel cells exposed to the antacid Nexium (esomeprazole) might potentially hinder the tasks these cells perform to prevent heart attack and stroke, the new study suggests.
RELATED: TRENDING LIFE & STYLE NEWS THIS HOUR
These lab results could explain why other studies have shown increased risk of heart disease in people who use proton pump inhibitors (PPIs) — the class of heartburn medication that includes Nexium and Prilosec, said study senior author Dr. John Cooke.
"Our finding that the lining of blood vessels is impaired by proton pump inhibitors is a unifying mechanism for the reports that PPI users are at increased risk for heart attack, stroke and renal failure," said Cooke, chairperson of cardiovascular sciences at the Houston Methodist Research Institute.
AstraZeneca, the maker of Nexium, responded with a statement noting that the study was conducted in a laboratory setting, "not in humans within a controlled clinical trial. Therefore, conclusions around cause and effect cannot be made.
"Patient safety is an important priority for AstraZeneca and we believe all of our PPI medicines are generally safe and effective when used in accordance with the label," the drugmaker said.
However, many people aren't using PPIs in accordance with U.S. Food and Drug Administration guidelines, which in Nexium's case would limit them to a four-week course of treatment three times a year, Cooke said.
"They are being used ubiquitously, for long periods of time. They aren't being used as originally approved," Cooke said.
Dr. P.K. Shah, director of the Oppenheimer Atherosclerosis Research Center at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, said these study results provide a reasonable explanation for how PPIs might affect the heart health of long-term users.
"We have clinical data that raises a suspicion that they might be bad if used long term, and we have now experimental data that suggests a potential mechanism," Shah said. "But we still have unanswered questions."
For this study, Cooke and their colleagues cultured the cells that line the walls of blood vessels, which are called endothelial cells.
These cell cultures were exposed every day to doses of Nexium "similar to what a patient would receive" for an extended period of time, Cooke said.
Protective endothelial cells produce substances that relax the blood vessel, and create a slick "Teflon" coating inside the vessel that prevents plaque or blood clots from sticking, Cooke said.
PPIs treat heartburn by blocking acid-producing cells in the lining of the stomach, Cooke said. But researchers now suspect PPIs might also interfere with acid-producing cells elsewhere in the body.
In the case of blood vessel cells, researchers found that long-term PPI exposure impaired acid production by the lysosomes in the cells. Lysosomes typically clear waste products, but exposed to PPIs they didn't produce enough acid to clear waste.
The waste buildup caused endothelial cells to age rapidly, Cooke said, which could hamper their ability to protect blood vessels.
"They start to convert from Teflon to something more like Velcro," they said. "Things begin to stick."
Another prominent class of heartburn medications, H2 blockers, did not have the same aging effect on blood vessel cells, the study found. H2 blockers include Tagamet (cimetidine), Pepcid (famotidine) and Zantac (ranitidine).
Dr. Mark Creager, president of the American Heart Association, added that a lab study like this cannot prove a direct link between PPI use and increased risk of heart attack or stroke.
"It certainly raises the question. But now the question, once raised, needs to be answered in a well-designed clinical trial, which hasn't taken place yet," said Creager, a professor of medicine at Harvard Medical School. "I would not advise clinicians to jump from this important basic science study to recommendations they would provide to their patients."
Another expert said PPIs should be used with caution because of possible risks "that have nothing to do with the digestive system."
"Much more work needs to be done before we can draw a line with confidence from this class of drugs to some of these potential side effects, but these researchers are taking an important first step," said Dr. David Robbins, interim chief of gastroenterology at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York City.
"Bottom line: If you take a daily PPI, which can save lives in the right scenario, check with your doctor and see if you really need it," Robbins said.
Lifestyle adjustments — such as exercising, cutting down on alcohol or caffeine, and avoiding heavy meals just before bedtime — might also ease heartburn, Cooke added.
The findings were published May 10 in the journal Circulation Research.
RELATED STORIES:
Thyroid disorder easily mistaken for something else
Medical errors estimated to be third leading cause of U.S. deaths
Millennials are called a lot of things — lazy, attention-seeking, entitled, etc. But murderous? The internet, in all its glory, is home to countless articles about the age-old products, businesses and traditions millennials have sent to the gallows. Canned tuna? Gone. The mayonnaise you mix with it? Gone. Hooters? Say it isn't so! We investigated some of the more prevalent claims to see which have merit and which don't. (Lauren Hill) (Lauren Hill)
Get the biggest Sport stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
SCOTTISH MMA star Stevie Ray's whirlwind start to their UFC career is set to continue on October 24th when they square off against Frenchman Mickael Lebout at the 3Arena in Dublin, Ireland.
Fife's finest spoke exclusively to the Daily Record about their upcoming fight and how they feel they can be Scotland's answer to the UFC's Irish superstar Conor McGregor.
April 2015 marked the start of a journey Stevie Ray had always wished for, a surprise call from their management team led to the former Cage Warriors world champion making their long awaited UFC debut in Krakow, Poland, where they pounded Polish submission specialist Marcin Bandel to take home an impressive TKO stoppage, despite taking the fight on only two weeks notice.
Then, only a few months later, Stevie stole the show at UFC Glasgow by knocking out the dangerous Brazilian Leonardo Mafra in front of 11,000 passionate Scots fans at the SSE Hydro - scooping the $50,000 performance of the night bonus.
Ray said: “It's really amazing to think that I'm now in the UFC and have two stoppages, even although I always believed in myself that I would make it to the UFC, it's all still surreal that I'm actually living what I had always dreamed of."
The UFC clearly like what they have seen so far of the Scottish Lightweight who is now set to make their third appearance inside the Octagon in only six months against Mickael Lebout in Dublin.
(Image: Richard Frew/Daily Record)
Ireland's capital city is familiar territory for Stevie having fought there previously for Cage Warriors and whilst they hope to once again receive the support of the locals, Ray is known for having a huge fan base in Scotland and knows plenty of them are making the journey across the water: “The Irish are passionate like us Scots and I believe I will have them on my side, but there is also a load of Scottish going over so you will certainly hear the Stevie ‘f'n' Ray chant again.”
Ray's opponent, Lebout, is somewhat of a familiar face having also fought on both the Krakow and Glasgow cards alongside Stevie: “Mickael lost by decision in Poland but obviously won in Glasgow.
"He is in the UFC so has got to be one of the best guys in the world, I will of course be training for a three round war but I haven't seen anything that particularly worries me.”
And referring to the fact that more than half of the Frenchman's fights have gone to decision they said: “A lot of folk thought Mickael's fight in Glasgow was quite boring, and I don't do boring so one of their fights at least will be exciting. I believe I will stop them with either my striking or by submission.”
And when the UFC are deciding where the performance of the night cheque should be awarded, Stevie is fairly confident they will be at the top of their list of candidates: “I believe with my fighting style I don't need to go looking for the bonuses, they will come looking for me.”
Having been a multiple time world champion on the regional circuit, most notably with Cage Warriors and BAMMA, Stevie is used to having a championship belt around their waist and will certainly be looking to challenge for UFC gold when the time is right: “Anything I do I like to be the best, but I want a long career and don't want to rush anything and risk being cut. UFC champion is certainly the long term goal but I'm just taking each fight as it comes.”
(Image: GETTY)
One of the UFC's biggest stars is current Irish featherweight interim champion Conor McGregor, ‘The Notorious' McGregor has taken the world of MMA by storm, not just because of their performances inside the Octagon, but also winning over fans with their charismatic personality that has seen them likened to Muhammad Ali.
Whilst Ray admits they do not conduct themselves the same way as Conor does outside the Octagon, they do take inspiration from how their early MMA careers have shared similar paths: “I look to what Conor has done and whilst they have obviously got there a bit faster because of how they speak as well as fights, they were the Cage Warriors champion the same as me and then made it to the UFC. Both of us didn't have very much money before either.”
Conor was famously on benefits before being signed up to the UFC. Ray went on to say: “I think we have a similar fighting style and I think we are also similar in terms of how our minds work. It would be cool to follow in their footsteps.”
Stevie spends time training both here in Scotland and also at the world renowned Tristar MMA Gym in Montreal Canada where they met fellow Lightweight contender Joe Duffy. ‘Irish' Joe is headlining the card in only their third UFC fight having originally gained notoriety as the last man to beat Conor McGregor.
Talking of their relationship Stevie said: “I didn't really know Joe before Tristar but they were a potential opponent when I was Cage Warriors champion before they left MMA for pro boxing, I think they would have been the next number one contender but in the end we never fought. Joe is a really nice guy and we have become friends so I'm looking forward to seeing them again in Dublin."
Watch Stevie in action at UFC Fight Night: Poirier vs. Duffy in Dublin. Tickets on sale Friday, September 4th via Ticketmaster.
LAPD Treating Jackson Death as Homicide
LAPD Treating Jackson Death as Homicide
One Step Closer to Solving Jackson Drug Mystery
Anesthesia in Jackson Case Tracked
Rowe's Lawyer -- Debbie Doesn't Want MJ's Money
Jackson's Maid -- They Binged On Drugs
Debbie Rowe Injected Jackson with Drugs
Jackson Doc Did Not Fully Cooperate
Jackson's Docs Allegedly Manipulated Pharmacies
Jackson's Knack for Picking Friendly Docs
It's official: No. 21 Louisville will be taking on No. 3 Florida in the 2013 Sugar Bowl on Jan. 2.
This is U of L's second trip to the BCS and their first appearance in the Sugar Bowl.
Now I've already seen and heard a lot of concern over Louisville being able to hang with the Gators, which I must admit surprises me. Is Florida really good? Yep. Is Florida better than Florida State? Yeah, I think they are. But this is the type of opportunity that a program like U of L dreams about. A top five SEC opponent, a BCS bowl they've never played in, a day where they're the only game in the country; when you have this type of shot, you take it.
Louisville has opened as a 16.5-point underdog against a team that would be playing in a national semifinal if this were 2014, which to me is a big part of the allure here. U of L's Orange Bowl win over Wake Forest, while huge for the program, was (at that time) the least-watched BCS game ever. The win was also met with a sort of "meh" response nationally. You won't have to worry about a lack of attention going up against one of the biggest programs in college football, and obviously a win over Florida wouldn't be shrugged off by anyone (outside of Lexington).
Win this game and you probably finish right around No. 10, which is also where you'll probably begin the 2013 season. Keep the game competitive and you're still finishing the year with a national ranking and setting yourself up for a solid starting slot next year.
And then there's Teddy Bridgewater, who can position themselves as a preseason top five Heisman Trophy candidate with a solid performance against the No. 1 pass defense in the country. Having an individual player with that type of summer buzz would be a tremendous blessing for the program as a whole.
This is the type of opportunity Louisville football fans have been clamoring for since, well, since I've been following Louisville football. They don't come around very often, and it's on our guys to make sure they take full advantage.
Go Louisville, beat Florida.
JESUS is coming.
Melbourne City has signed Socceroo Josh Kennedy as its Australian marquee until the end of the 2015-16 season.
As revealed by the Herald Sun last month, the towering striker will join City in January after they complete their sixth and final season with Japanese club Nagoya Grampus.
They will not be available to play in the club's January 4 clash with Central Coast, meaning their debut is likely to come after the A-League's Asian Cup recess, in Round 15 against Western Sydney at AAMI Park.
Kennedy's goal against Iraq sealed the Socceroos spot at the Brazil World Cup. Source: Getty Images
Whether the 32-year-old trains with City throughout January depends on if Socceroos coach Ange Postecoglou selects them in their 23-man Asian Cup squad.
Kennedy was born in Wodonga.
Their A-League return had been tipped earlier this year after their wife, former Australian Opal Jacinta Kennedy (née Hamilton), moved to Melbourne ahead of Kennedy with their three children and resumed their basketball career.
Kennedy will join City in January. Source: Getty Images
“After a very long period abroad, the timing is right to join Melbourne City and I'm very excited about this project,” Kennedy said.
“It's a new chapter in my career, but my goal will be the same - to help my club achieve all of its aspirations.
“I believe Melbourne City has huge potential.”
Kennedy's goal against Iraq in June last year secured the Socceroos place at the World Cup in Brazil.
But the striker, despite being selected in Postecoglou's preliminary squad, did not play at the tournament itself after being ruled out with a back injury.
The 2011 J-League golden boot winner hasn't played since August as they continue to battle back troubles, but is understood to be nearing a return to full fitness.
“Josh is a wonderful addition to our squad,” City coach John van't Schip said.
“He is the right person and the right player for Melbourne City FC and we look forward to them joining us in January.
“Josh's record shows that they are a proven goal scorer and with the high quality of players around him, we are confident that they can create significant problems for defences in the A-League.”
Justin Cowart • November 4, 2016
Capturing Martian Weather in Motion
Still images of Mars often give us a false impression that Mars is a dead planet, with nothing going on other than the occasional dust storm. Do a quick image search for Mars and most of the results are mosaics designed to show Martian geography, not meteorology. But these images don't tell the planet's full story. Martian weather is dynamic, with water ice cloud streets forming around the polar areas, cold fronts pushing through the midlatitudes and raising dust storms, and thin hazes forming as air flows around topographic obstacles like volcanoes and crater rims.
No space agency has deployed a dedicated weather satellite to Mars, so we can't watch these systems form and move across the surface like we can with the spectacular images of Earth returned by satellites like Himawari-8. In fact, the only instrument dedicated to monitoring Martian weather, the Mars Color Imager (MARCI) onboard the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter, can only image a location on the Martian surface once per day (with the exception of some areas near the poles).
Fortunately for Martian weather enthusiasts, there is a way to get a glimpse of weather in action at the Martian surface. The High Resolution Stereo Colour Imager (HRSC) instrument onboard Mars Express was designed to produce stereographic color maps of Mars. To do this, HRSC uses a set of 9 pushbroom sensors. Four of these sensors image the surface in color at blue, green, red, and near-IR wavelengths. The other five collect stereo and photometric data using broadband filters that cover the same roughly the same spectral range. The sensors are mounted at different angles, looking between 20 degrees ahead and behind the spacecraft. Parallax from the five different viewing angles allows mission scientists to create DEMs of the surface with 10 to 15 meter vertical resolution.
That's the intended purpose, anyway. The offset viewing angles for the sensors onboard the spacecraft allow for something else: time-lapse images. The imaging setup means that the first imaging channel sees the surface about 70 seconds before the last. If the wind is blowing at the surface, the time between sequential images is just long enough that the motion of dust clouds is visible. If clouds are at higher altitude, then the parallax also shows up as motion. The color data can then be overlain to colorize the scene.
Here are a few examples I put together from Mars Express HRSC data sets acquired in June 2011. They image several different areas in the northern hemisphere during the height of the dust storm season. Although these storms remained relatively local, storms like these are often the precursors of much larger global dust storms that can enshroud the entire planet.
For example, here is dust being lifted by a cold front dropping southeastward across Tempe Terra on June 17, 2011. This zone of activity grew into a major regional storm that then propagated 5,500 km southward over the next two days before dying out over the Argyre Basin region. The streamers are at ground level, so their motion is almost entirely to the movement of wind. The puffy clouds of dust are at higher altitude, and their apparent motion in the opposite direction of wind movement is almost entirely due to parallax from Mars Express' orbital motion.
ESA / DLR / FU Berlin (G. Neukum) / Justin Cowart Dust stom over Tempe Terra, Mars Dust storm over Tempe Terra, seen by Mars Express' HRSC during a pass on June 17, 2011. This image was taken during the spacecraft's 9520th orbit of Mars. Dust storms over Tempe Terra, seen by Mars Express' HRSC during a pass on June 17, 2011. This image was taken during the spacecraft's 9520th orbit of Mars.
A Mars Express overflight of eastern Arcadia Planitia on June 30, 2011 captured several different cloud types. On the leeward side of the 118 km Milankovic Crater, a fine haze of water ice “wake clouds” partially shrouds a scene of dust lifting. Wake clouds are a type of gravity wave, produced as air is forced upwards by a high-standing topographic feature like a crater rim. In the wake of the crater, the airflow several times in a standing wave pattern. The light streaks in the center of this picture are where the air is travelling upwards and crystallizing a fine cloud of water ice during the ascent. The dark streaks are where the air is sinking, causing the water ice to sublimate.
ESA / DLR / FU Berlin (G. Neukum) / Justin Cowart Dust lifting over Arcadia Planitia, Mars Wake clouds and dust lifting in Arcadia Planitia, seen by Mars Express' HRSC during a pass on June 30, 2011. This image was taken during the spacecraft's 9563rd orbit of Mars. Wake clouds and dust lifting in Arcadia Planitia, seen by Mars Express' HRSC during a pass on June 30, 2011. This image was taken during the spacecraft's 9563rd orbit of Mars.
Thin cumulus clouds are also seen drifting over a pair of unnamed craters further south. The narrow bands of clouds are called cloud streets, and form as cold air moves in behind a front.
ESA / DLR / FU Berlin (G. Neukum) / Justin Cowart Cumulus clouds over Arcadia Planitia, Mars Cumulus cloud streets in Arcadia Planitia, seen by Mars Express' HRSC during a pass on June 30, 2011. This image was taken during the spacecraft's 9563rd orbit of Mars. Cumulus cloud streets in Arcadia Planitia, seen by Mars Express' HRSC during a pass on June 30, 2011. This image was taken during the spacecraft's 9563rd orbit of Mars.
Also on June 30, Mars Express imaged a different region named Deuteronilus Mensae. This area is full of rugged canyons where the highlands and lowlands meet. The dust storm seen here was short-lived, but it did provide some beautiful shots of the surface.
ESA / DLR / FU Berlin (G. Neukum) / Justin Cowart Dust lifting over Deuteronilus Mensae, Mars Dust lifting in the canyons of Deuteronilus Mensae, seen by Mars Express' HRSC during a pass on June 30, 2011. This image was taken during the spacecraft's 9565th orbit of Mars. Dust lifting in the canyons of Deuteronilus Mensae, seen by Mars Express' HRSC during a pass on June 30, 2011. This image was taken during the spacecraft's 9565th orbit of Mars.
ESA / DLR / FU Berlin (G. Neukum) / Justin Cowart Clouds over Micoud Crater, Mars Wind blowing up the slope of the 52 km wide Micoud Crater in eastern Acidalia Planitia, seen by Mars Express' HRSC during a pass on June 30, 2011. This image was taken during the spacecraft's 9565th orbit of Mars. Wind blowing up the slope of the 52 km wide Micoud Crater in eastern Acidalia Planitia, seen by Mars Express' HRSC during a pass on June 30, 2011. This image was taken during the spacecraft's 9565th orbit of Mars.
ESA / DLR / FU Berlin (G. Neukum) / Justin Cowart Dust storm over Deuteronilus Mensae, Mars A small but intense dust storm just north of Deuteronilus Mensae, seen by Mars Express' HRSC during a pass on June 30, 2011. This image was taken during the spacecraft's 9565th orbit of Mars. A small but intense dust storm just north of Deuteronilus Mensae, seen by Mars Express' HRSC during a pass on June 30, 2011. This image was taken during the spacecraft's 9565th orbit of Mars.
These images are only a small portion of the bounty hiding in the HRSC archives. The camera has operated at Mars since 2005, and in the thousands of images it has taken of the Martian surface, clouds are present in more than a few. I'd like to encourage other amateur image processors to dig into the archives and track these types of images down. They show Mars as it really is: a quiet but dynamic world.
Before I sign off, I'd like to thank Thomas Appéré and Emily Lakdawalla for their discussion on Twitter concerning HRSC time-lapse images for giving me the idea to do this.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Satirist Jan Boehmermann told their audience that the contents of the poem were barred under Germany's criminal code
A German court has banned a German comic from repeating parts of an obscene poem they wrote about Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
The court in Hamburg ruled that Jan Boehmermann's poem was satire, but said the sexual references were unacceptable.
However the comments on President Erdoğan's treatment of freedom of speech were allowed, it said.
Mr Boehmermann's lawyer said the ruling went against "artistic freedom".
"We believe that the court's decision in its concrete form is wrong, given that it deems those parts dealing with Erdoğan's approach to freedom of expression to be acceptable," said Christian Schertz.
Mr Boehmermann themselves responded by tweeting a link to the Beastie Boys song "(You Gotta) Fight for Your Right (To Party)".
The Turkish president had filed a criminal complaint against the satirist in a case that prompted a debate in Germany over freedom of speech.
Mr Boehmermann, considered Germany's most incisive satirist, had read the obscene poem on their Neo Magazin Royale programme on 31 March, making clear that it included material that broke German laws on free speech. Section 103 of the criminal code bans insulting representatives or organs belonging to foreign states.
In particular, the poem made references to sex with goats and sheep, as well as repression of Turkish minorities.
Last week it was read out in full in the German parliament by an MP during a debate over proposals to abolish the law against insulting foreign leaders.
A satirist's step too far? By Damien McGuinness, BBC News, Berlin
Image copyright ZDF
To some the poem was puerile, vulgar and irresponsible at a time when Europe needs Turkish help in the refugee crisis.
To others it was an ingenious work of subversive art, which highlighted the importance of freedom of speech - a sketch in which even President Erdoğan is now playing their part.
Either way, Jan Boehmermann always goes a step further than polite society generally allows. Clever, funny and complicated, they have singlehandedly revolutionised German state broadcasting.
During the height of tensions between Athens and Berlin over the Greek debt crisis, Boehmermann portrayed Greek Finance Minister Yanis Varoufakis as a vengeful motorbike-riding sex bomb. But it was their fellow Germans, and the rest of the media establishment, that the comedian was mocking.
A jaunty 1930's-style Springtime for Hitler remake wittily highlighted the similarities between the views of the anti-migrant party AfD and Nazi-era politics.
Even refugee helpers have been fair game, as Boehmermann mercilessly portrayed modern, multi-cultural Germans as a self-righteous unstoppable horde of muesli-eating, Birkenstock-wearing sexual perverts.
But for Boehmermann's many fans the fear is now that taking on Turkey's president has been a step too far.
Vastly experienced at first-class level, Tinotenda Mutombodzi has already taken a seven-wicket haul in an innings. A right-hand batsman and legspinner, they were part of the Zimbabwe squad to the 2008 Under-19 World Cup in Malaysia and will tour New Zealand with the side in 2010. "Tyno", as they are nicknamed, took up cricket at the age of nine and has represented Zimbabwe U-13s, U-14s and U-16 as well. Their more recent achievements include scoring 43 at No. 8 against Pakistan U-19s in an unofficial ODI in October 2009 and picking up 4 for 27 against the same team in the same series. Their cricket hero is Shane Warne, and they dream of being a pilot if they are unable to become a professional cricketer.
Cricinfo Staff January 2010
Details
Seiko 5 Automatic Black Dial SNXG53K1 SNXG53K Men's Watch
This Seiko 5 represents good balance. It is real quality at a reasonable price and without frills. A practical, everyday wear featuring three hands and a ‘day and date' complication. It's your solidly built workhorse, built to take vigorous rigors of everyday wear and tear. High quality, constructed well, looks decent and affordable, it's a watch that will last for decades without or with very little maintenance.
Features:
Stainless Steel Case
Stainless Steel Bracelet
Automatic Movement
Hardlex Crystal
Black Dial
Day And Date Display
See Through Case Back
Fold Over Clasp With Push Button
30M Water Resistance
Approximate Case Diameter 37mm
Approximate Case Thickness 11mm
Shipping & Packaging FREE Worldwide Registered Mail Shipping
Information Brand: Seiko Series: Seiko 5 Model: SNXG53K1 Gender: Men's Movement: Automatic Movement
Case Case Size: 37 mm Case Thickness: 11 mm Case Material: Stainless Steel Case Shape: Round Case Back: See Through Case Back Bezel: Fixed Bezel
Dial Dial Type: Analog Dial Color: Black Dial Crystal: Hardlex Crystal Hands: Luminous Hand And Markers Dial Markers: Index Luminiscence: Hands And Markers
Features Water Resistance: 30M Calendar: Day And Date Display Functions: "Day And Date, Hour, Minute, Second" Features: Analog Display, Day And Date Display, 30M Water Resistance
Band Band Type: Bracelet Band Material: Stainless Steel Clasp: Fold Over Clasp With Push Button
Elena and Esteban Salgado have been living in the U.S. for over 30 years. This year, they decided, would be the year they vote.
"We want to become citizens so we can vote against Trump," Esteban Salgado, 57, said through a Spanish interpreter.
The River Forest couple, originally from Mexico, have had green cards for 20 years, meaning they've been eligible for citizenship for 15. They've had busy lives: They both work at a Whole Foods Market, and they've raised four children in the U.S.
"We never had a chance to become citizens," Esteban Salgado said.
But this year's election has struck a chord with immigrants. Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump may not be the only reason for rising interest in citizenship, but he's a major one. Trump has frequently lambasted U.S. immigration practices, promising to be strict on borders, deport those who are here illegally and end the use of specialty work visas. They launched their campaign in June accusing Mexican immigrants of being drug dealers, criminals and rapists.
"He's racist, and they speak very badly about Mexicans," Elena Salgado, 51, said. "It shouldn't be like this. … It is true that there's a lot of people who come here and do bad things but not all people do, and for some who do bad things, the rest of us have to pay."
About 8.8 million immigrants throughout the U.S. are eligible for citizenship, about 350,000 in Illinois. The Salgados are part of a surge in residents hoping to become naturalized in time for the November election.
And this is crunch time. The naturalization process, from turning in the first application to the final swearing-in ceremony, takes five to six months, according to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services.
"We have seen an increase of people trying to vote for the first time," said Dagmara Avelar, a coordinator with the Illinois Coalition for Immigrant and Refugee Rights. "What we've been seeing in these intake questionnaires is that there's a definite mention of the anti-immigrant rhetoric (of the election). … They feel an attack on the immigrant community is an attack on them."
The coalition and other Chicago-based immigrant advocacy groups said many permanent residents have come to them asking how to get to the polls. From January to March, the Illinois coalition helped 913 people apply for citizenship, Avelar said.
From August to January, applications for citizenship throughout the country have increased more than 14 percent compared with the same period a year before, according to the most recent data from Citizenship and Immigration.
Not only are more immigrants seeking citizenship, but unions and advocacy groups are ramping up their outreach efforts as the political climate brings immigration issues to the forefront.
The Supreme Court on Monday heard arguments on President Barack Obama's immigration programs that would benefit parents of U.S. citizens or lawful residents. The programs could aid roughly 4 million people who have been living in the U.S. illegally for years. Twenty-six states with Republicans in control are challenging the proposals.
Illinois' naturalization numbers have fallen in the past five years by about 10 percent. A study from the Center for Migration Studies of New York estimates that nearly 35 percent of eligible Illinois residents are like the Salgados — they've been in the U.S. since 1990 or earlier, and they've long been able to apply for citizenship. Advocates say many residents are put off by the lengthy application process or the $680 fee to apply, face language barriers or have simply never gotten around to it.
The Illinois coalition and affiliated groups, such as SEIU Local 1 and Juntos Podemos, have workshops in the Chicago area to reach those people, connecting hundreds of residents with immigration attorneys to determine eligibility, helping them navigate the naturalization form and assessing qualifications for a fee waiver.
The workshops are an opportunity for advocacy groups to eventually register more voters who are likely to support immigrant-friendly candidates.
"Having presidential candidates using a platform of hate toward specifically Mexicans ... we do realize we have a lot of folks who need to be put on that path toward citizenship," said Idalia Cervantes, a program manager for Chicago's branch of Juntos Podemos, which advocates for Mexicans living in America. "It's the same group of people we'll be using in the 2016 elections to push them to get out and vote."
SEIU organizer Wojtek Gil, who became a citizen in February after coming from Poland 14 years ago, said they are happy that they are eligible to vote this year. Gil's wife is living in the U.S. but is not a citizen.
"The rhetoric (Trump's) using is very much hurting not only me but my family and my immigrant friends," Gil said. "I have a lot of friends who are still undocumented immigrants, afraid to come out of the shadows. I vote for them."
At Holy Trinity Church in Noble Square on a recent Saturday morning, volunteer Graciela Vergara sat across a table from a Polish man wearing a Cubs hat.
The room buzzed with activity as nearly 90 applicants and their families made their way through the workshop. The walls were emblazoned with slogans in different languages — Polish, Spanish, English. Many attended the workshop through their service workers' union, which helped organize the event.
Vergara went down the questions on the 20-page N-400 form. They asked about the man's family, their employment history, their residency status in the country. Then came some of the "more personal" questions, they said. Had they ever been associated with the Communist Party, a totalitarian party or a terrorist organization? Had they ever advocated for the violent overthrow of any government? Had they ever been a habitual drunkard, a prostitute or married to more than one person at the same time?
With the completed form and the fee, the next steps would be an appointment to be fingerprinted for a background check, an in-person interview with Citizen and Immigration that includes a civics test and, if approved, an oath-swearing ceremony.
At another table, Ewelina Kasprzak inquired about their eligibility for a fee waiver.
Kasprzak, 30, immigrated from Poland more than 10 years ago and said she's too busy with their studies to pay attention to the presidential election. But Kasprzak is a student at Northeastern Illinois University, one of the state public schools facing an uncertain future in the state budget crisis.
"I'm worried the school will close," Kasprzak said. "I would like to vote because of the situation with the public schools."
1. BoJack's past explains the name of their imaginary daughter
As BoJack was working on their memoir late in season 1, they went on (one of many) drug binges that left them stranded in a parking lot in the rain - but while they were there, they hallucinated another life for themselves - one where they walked away from the pitfalls of fame and celebrity, and married their old pre-fame friend (and former partner Herb's ex-girlfriend) Charlotte. Their life is serene, peaceful, and loving - all of the things BoJack's life lacks. They live in a quaint lake-side cabin in Maine, and have a daughter named Harper.
Lake-side cabin? Daughter named Harper? Does any of this sound familiar yet? It should - Harper's Landing is the name of the town where BoJack's mother spent their summers at a lakeside cabin. It took 4 seasons, but this helps shed a lot of light on BoJack's state of mind in season 1.
via arierroc
2. 2121 - The Year of Drone Thrones
In the far off future imagined by Princess Carolyn in "Ruthie," we see a lot of fun details in the background - The Pig Bang Theory is still going strong in its 119th season, 187 degrees Celsius is considered chilly, and - most importantly - drone thrones are everywhere.
via forcemajeures
Yes, Todd's objectively terrible idea from "See Mr. Peanutbutter Run" finally worked out its kinks and appears to be the favored method of transportation in the future. The only thing that's missing is a giant bag of kettle corn.
3. The Inspiration Behind King Pusspuss
When Ralph's family is preparing to celebrate the feast of St. Squeaky, Ralph tells the story behind the festivities - St. Squeaky defeated an evil tyrant named King Pusspuss, which is summed up in this charming song:
KING PUSSPUSS Look at me, I'm a dumb cat king! I'm an ugly, mean, fat thing! Innocent mice will feel my wrath! I'm a stinky cat who never takes a bath! I'm positively evil! I'm nasty and I'm smelly! ST. SQUEAKY So I'll take my sword and stab you in the belly!
Most interesting is the design of King Pusspuss - namely, that they appear to look identical to Vlad Tepes, aka Dracula (well, except for being a cat):
via littlegaydolphin
4. Todd's Improv Skills Include Seeing The Future
As Todd tries to give Princess Carolyn a pep talk in the woods (as they begin to doubt themselves with the impending failure of their Philbert project and still reeling from their miscarriage), he's suddenly accosted by the dentist-clowns (and clown-dentists) they abandoned in the woods a few episodes previously. Except - something's a litttttttle different about them...
They're all behaving like zombies.
As Todd recounts immediately after:
"So it turns out Vice Chancellor Laughy-Gassy got rabies from quarreling with an old raccoon and then they started biting everyone, and now a bunch of them have rabies. Who could have predicted my innocent clown-dentist venture could turn into something so terrifying?"
Who could have predicted zombie dentists, Todd? Who, you ask? What about....TODD CHAVEZ (back in season 2)!
via perplexingly
Yep, back in Todd's improv days, they famously tried out a zombie dentist scene, which their teammates praised as being "so innovative." Guess Todd just has some unnatural predeliction for zombie dentists?
The high point of immigration into the European Union was in 2004 and 2005 with 2 million people entering the Union each year. They form part of the 3.7% of the total EU population who are from outside the borders of the 27 states.
Eurostat - the EU's statistical collection agency - has found that decline in the working population could begin by the end of this decade - in just two years time. On the other hand, if 2005 levels of immigration are maintained that the population will continue to grow until around 2030.
Countries with low fertility rates such as Germany, Spain, Italy and Poland could require a significant number of immigrants over the coming decades if they want to maintain the existing number of people of working age.
Working population provides tax revenue
Having sufficient people of working age is vital not only for the economy but also for tax revenue. This money will be needed to fund the pension and health needs of the growing numbers of elderly people.
However, the extent to which immigrants integrate and are accepted are delicate issues. A "Eurobarometer" survey found that the insufficient integration of immigrants causes a negative perception of migration. According to polls, only 4 out of 10 EU citizens feel that immigrants contribute to their country.
The report by Françoise Castex MEP aims to try and address this issue by emphasising that the EU needs a clear and reasoned approach to immigration to counter xenophobic opinions and attitudes. It calls for immigrants to be given legal and social security and for human traffickers and employers who use illegal labour to be the target of legal and criminal measures if need be.
Steps to manage migration
A proposed European "blue card" based on the American green card has been one way suggested of managing immigration. Under the proposed scheme it would facilitate the free movement of "brains" around the Union. MEPs have supported the creation of such an EU work permit system. In September last year they backed a report by Italian PSE Member Lilli Gruber which called for managed legal migration.
Ireland and Spain are frequently put forward as two countries whose economies have benefited from well managed immigration. Neither country would have achieved the strong economic growth they did between 1999 and 2005 without foreign labour.
The Parliament and EU immigration policy
The ongoing problem of illegal immigration into the EU continues to overshadow attempts to manage the influx. The number of third-country nationals in an "irregular situation" in the EU appears to be, according to somewhat conflicting estimates, between 4.5 m and 8 m. At present, the EU is seeking a coherent immigration policy. The European Parliament is involved in this process at every stage.
A report by Spanish Socialist MEP Javier Moreno S á nchez on the fight against illegal immigration (adopted by MEPs last September), said that irregular migrants must not be treated like criminals. Many of them risk their lives seeking freedom or the means of subsistence in Europe.
As long as the EU has a higher standard of living than those countries to its South and East, then the temptation of migrants to come to the Union will always exist - especially if there are jobs waiting to be had.
Sen. Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE (I-Vt.) on Wednesday called for their Senate colleagues to block President Trump's pick to lead the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Sanders said Jay Clayton, a partner at law firm Sullivan & Cromwell, was “the embodiment of the greed that nearly destroyed the economy” and unfit to lead Wall Street's watchdog.
“We need somebody who is prepared to confront the system, not someone who is part of the system,” said Sanders.
Clayton will testify before the Senate Banking Committee on Thursday during their confirmation hearing. Democrats have consistently attacked Clayton's Wall Street career, but are powerless to stop their confirmation without Republicans on their side. No Republicans have expressed opposition to Clayton.
Clayton has represented corporate giants in business mergers and acquisitions, as well as public offerings. He's also helped corporations and Wall Street firms settle or fight cases brought against them by the federal government.
“Mr. Clayton has spent their career providing get-out-of-jail free cards to Wall Street executives and helping financial institutions avoid government regulation and fines,” said Sanders.
Even so, SEC commissioners appointed by both parties often come into the job with extensive corporate law experience. Former SEC Chairwoman Mary Jo White led law firm Debevoise & Plimpton's litigation department, which represented several high-power Wall Street firms, before leading President Obama's SEC.
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
George Soros speaking in Malaysia during a 2006 book tour in Southeast Asia. In the 1990s, former Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir bin Mohamad accused Soros of having caused the Asian financial crisis, but the two reconciled while Soros made their first trip to the country in 2006.
Many conspiracy theories exist about Hungarian-American financier and philanthropist George Soros. Many of them deal with the intersection between their political beliefs and their financial wealth; author Michael Wolraich has deemed the phenomenon "Anti-Sorosism".[1]
The theories have come under increasing scrutiny due to the growing political currency of anti-Soros conspiracy theories in conservative and nationalist circles, with Wolraich comparing them to long-running conspiracy theories about the Rothschild family in 19th century Europe.[1]
Malaysia [ edit ]
According to Mahathir bin Mohamed, Prime Minister of Malaysia from July 1981 to October 2003, Soros—as the hedge fund chief of Quantum—may have been partially responsible for the economic crash in 1997 of East Asian markets when the Thai currency relinquished its peg to the US dollar. According to Mahathir, in the three years leading to the crash, Soros invested in short-term speculative investment in East Asian stock markets and real estate, then divested with "indecent haste" at the first signs of currency devaluation.[2] Soros replied, saying that Mahathir was using them "as a scapegoat for their own mistakes", that Mahathir's promises to ban currency trading (which Malaysian finance officials hastily retracted) were "a recipe for disaster" and that Mahathir "is a menace to their own country".[3] In their book The Crisis of Global Capitalism: Open Society Endangered, Soros accuses Mahathir for conspiracy against financial capitalists.[4]
The two traded angry barbs against each other in various newspapers and broadcast interviews over the next nine years. The nominal US dollar GDP of ASEAN fell by US$9.2 billion in 1997 and $218.2 billion (31.7%) in 1998.
In 2006, during a visit by Soros to Malaysia on their book tour in the region, they met with Mahathir for the first time, and Mahathir conceded that they did not view Soros as responsible for the financial crisis.[5]
Glenn Beck's conspiracy theory [ edit ]
On November 9, 2010, American conservative television host Glenn Beck aired an hour-long television program, titled The Puppet Master, dedicated to Soros (which they had announced as “D-Day for George Soros”).[6] Accusations they made during this program, specifically that Soros collaborated with the Nazis as a child and that “many people would call them an antisemite”, have met with condemnation from groups including the Anti-Defamation League and The American Gathering of Jewish Holocaust Survivors and Their Descendants.[7][8] Beck continued discussing Soros in their programs of November 10, 2010, and November 11, 2010, making additional claims including that Soros, with the help of others, is attempting to collapse the United States economy in order to help create a new world order.[9]
Beck's statements also drew ridicule from The Daily Show host Jon Stewart in a November 18, 2010, skit titled 'The Manchurian Lunatic',[10] taking aim at Beck by utilizing many tropes which often appear in segments of Beck's eponymous television broadcast. Beck replied on November 25, 2010, by insinuating that Stewart and fellow Comedy Central host Stephen Colbert are keeping people as "sheep".[11]
LaRouche's "drug trade" conspiracy theory [ edit ]
Perennial American presidential candidate Lyndon LaRouche and their movement have also published a body of literature which claims Soros is a leader of the international illegal drug trade. LaRouche's anti-Soros stance dates back to the 1990s, with Michael Lewis of The New Republic citing an anti-Soros protest by members of the LaRouche movement in a January 10, 1994, profile;[12] the charge has been repeated in the years since by the longest-serving Republican House Speaker and convicted child molester Dennis Hastert[13] and Accuracy in Media's Cliff Kincaid.[14]
Other countries [ edit ]
The Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán accused Soros of complicity in endangering democracy in Europe through their ongoing aid to migrants in the European migrant crisis.[15]
Ava DuVernay is adding another huge project to their slate by signing on to direct an adaptation of A Wrinkle in Time for Disney. According to Deadline, the Selma director is teaming up with Frozen writer / co-director Jennifer Lee to bring Madeleine L'Engle's 1963 fantasy classic to life. The story revolves around a teenage hero who embarks on an interdimensional adventure after their father, a government scientist, mysteriously disappears. The movie's release date and casting are still up in the air, but it's hard to argue with the potential of the central DuVernay–Lee partnership.
A Wrinkle in Time isn't the only science fantasy project DuVernay is juggling. She's also negotiating a role directing Intelligent Life, a thriller scripted by Jurassic World's Colin Trevorrow and their writing partner Derek Connolly. (It's also supposed to star Lupita Nyong'o.) Deadline suggests DuVernay hasn't closed the deal on that movie yet, but it's apparently possible for them to work on both Intelligent Life and A Wrinkle in Time. We might not see the fruit of their labor until next year or beyond, but it's exciting that DuVernay is being given the keys to two huge, fantastical movies.
Coming off a weekend screening by the Passaic County Republican Committee, U.S. Senate candidate Murray Sabrin slapped at fellow GOP hopeful Jeff Bell in an email blast.
Bell beat the late U.S. Sen. Clifford Case in the 1977 Republican Primary than lost in the general election to Bill Bradley.
Sabrin was quick to note Bell's long absence from New Jersey politics, reminding their supporters that the candidate “just moved to New Jersey after spending 30 years out of state.”
“He began their presentation by stating they are 70 years old,” Sabrin said. “Jeff is a smart guy but Republican voters will have to determine why is worthy of their vote in the primary after living in Virginia since the early 1980s. Nevertheless, my presentation outlined how America is a former shell of the founders' vision.”
The Ramapo finance professor went on to explain their own plans for the U.S. Senate.
“The problems we face can be summed up: crony capitalism run amok, constant assault on our Bill of Rights, a foreign policy that is harmful to both the American people and innocent foreigners, and federal spending that is not consistent with the authorized duties of the federal government,” Sabrin said. “My ‘stump' speech can be as short as a couple of minutes or longer, filling in all the details about how America has been transformed since 1913, when the 16th amendment was added to the Constitution and the Federal Reserve was created.”
I am a fledgling urban explorer. Urban exploration, or urbex in shorthand, is the exploration of human-made structures, usually abandoned ruins or not usually seen components of the human-made environment. Photography and historical interest/documentation are heavily featured in the hobby and it may sometimes involve trespassing onto private property (thanks, Wikipedia!). Urbex is becoming more and more popular as a mainstream travel interest, evident by this year's induction of cultural industrial complexes to UNESCO's World Heritage list.
My interest in urbex started with our visit to Chiatura in Georgia last year, and is largely intertwined with my interest in Soviet/Communist era brutal (and largely abandoned) architecture. The former Soviet states are an urban explorers dreams, with many former Soviet military and government buildings empty for the exploring. So when we (let's be real, when I), started planning our Baltic Road Trip Honeymoon™, I knew urbex would figure prominently into our plans. You can read posts I've written on urbex in Estonia in Tallinn and in the nearby Lahemaa National Park.
And while urbex in Estonia was great, the jewel in the Baltic States' crown of urban exploration is, beyond any shadow of a doubt, the town of Karosta on Latvia's Baltic coast. Technically a suburb of Liepaja, Latvia's third largest city, it was the home of military installations of both Tsarist Russia between 1890 and 1906, and later the Soviet Navy's most important Baltic port. The confluence of tsarist Russian and Soviet influences made the spot very interesting (much like those sites around Tallinn), and made for a great mix of Russian Orthodox and Soviet bloc-style architecture.
Here's my rundown of the top places to see in Karosta:
The main attraction (or so purported by Lonely Planet) is the Karosta Cietums, or prison. I will be completely transparent here, we did not take the tour of the place required to explore the guts of the place. I am not a fan of forced learning. That said, if you're into it, the tours get rave reviews, and you can even stay there overnight if you're so inclined (I like a nice mattress and hot water so…no thank you.)
The folks there take authenticity to a new level. If you choose to stay overnight, you are treated like a true prisoner. I'm not sure where the appeal lies in this, but then again, one could say the same thing about traipsing around old concrete monoliths in former Soviet states. So I won't judge.
Another highlight of the area was the cluster of buildings located around the prison. Built in the red brick style of construction visible throughout the Baltics, many are completely empty, but for old booze bottles, decaying evidence of squatting, and budding flora reclaiming space. I think the buildings around the prison were primarily used as warehouses and barracks during the tsarist period. If you go here, make sure to bring gloves and hardy shoes (not Tom's like yours truly wore) – there are sharp surfaces around, and lots of rust. Also, make sure your tetanus booster is up to date.
Also built during the Tsarist period (in 1898) was the St. Nicholas Orthodox Maritime Cathedral. While not an urbex destination per se, it is impossible to miss if you're in the area. Gilded in gold as the Russians were wont to do, it's a spectacular, if not incongruous sight. The juxtaposition of the grandiose orthodox cathedral is in stark contrast to the apartment blocks that surround it. David has long given up on going with me to my various churches and religious monuments (Armenia PTSD, I suppose), so they played outside with a kitty while I walked in and around the structure.
It's quite obvious which buildings are from the Soviet era – apartment blocks still riddle the town. Karosta at its height was home to over 20,000 people. Today the apartment blocks contain about a quarter of that.
The highlight of the area from an urbex perspective is without a doubt the Northern Forts. They were constructed during the Tsarist period as the Russian Empire's main line of naval defense on the Baltic. The destruction and decay is extensive and ubiquitous, but not entirely by mother nature. When it was apparent the Russian Empire was to fall, it was purposely destroyed so that it wouldn't fall into enemy hands.
The forts used to surround the entire port city, but today only skeletons of the former structures remain. There's a lot of great graffiti art, and the meeting of the sea with industrial concrete is extremely photogenic. The decaying concrete installations are constantly being hammered by the waves of the turbulent Baltic Sea, making for an awesome display of the power of man versus the power of nature. We hung around here for a few hours, doing nothing in particular but gawking at how cool the place was, and exploring empty military structures.
The whole area is a photographers dream – the mix of crumbling concrete and nature is something I'm perpetually drawn to. The town of Karosta itself is a glimpse into Soviet and old Russian culture, while also enlightening to the current state of affairs in the less prosperous parts of Latvia – the suburb today is home to the lower socioeconomic classes of Liepaja. It's a fascinating place, whether you're into history, kitschy attractions, urbex, or stunning nature.
Karosta is a must-see for any trip to the Baltics, even if you're not too into the whole urbex scene. It's an easy drive from Riga to the east, or from Klaipeda and the Curonian Spit in the south (in Lithuania). We didn't spend the night there, but rather used it as an extended day between Riga and Klaipeda on our road trip. Roads are great if you're driving, and buses run direct from Riga's central bus station. I'm not sure about onward public transportation to Lithuania, but imagine it exists, even if less frequent. Public buses in Liepaja run frequently between the main city and the Karosta suburb.
Pin +1 Share 0 Shares
Pulse FM, based out of South Bend, Indiana, has been on the air since 1996. Corey Mann has been apart of Pulse FM since 2009. We recently talked about their career as a DJ, how dc Talk's Jesus Freak changed their lives, and why a dc Talk reunion should happen.
——————————————————————————————————
Gabe: Tell me a little bit about yourself. What stations are you involved with and what exactly do you do?
Corey: I am apart of LeSEA broadcasting. They are a television network globally, shortwave radio, which is basically high-powered A.M., and then a lot of Internet stuff. And then we have radio locally here in South Bend, Indiana. We have two contemporary Christian music stations: Pulse FM (96.9, 92.1)… and then we have a talk station called Harvest (103.1). I run those stations in South Bend.
Gabe: How long have you been at those stations?
Corey: This January I will have been here six years.
Gabe: That's awesome. Why did you decide to get into radio and be a DJ?
Corey: You know, I was a classic teenager that was kind of lost and looking for purpose. I graduated from high school in 1987, long long time ago. I always loved music and I always loved radio and listened to both quite a bit. So I called up the local morning DJ in my hometown and asked if I could watch what they do and they said “sure!”. I loved it when I saw it first hand and I thought the ‘cool' factor was through the roof. And so before I left that morning they gave me a job as a part time DJ. I had never done it before but I instantly fell in love with it.
Gabe: And I bet that job made you rich overnight, right? (laughter)
Corey: Yeah, exactly! (laughter) My first radio job in the fall of 1987 I made $3.35 an hour. As you can probably tell, I'm still rolling in it. I'm bathing in it right now.
Gabe: (laughter) Moving on, a lot of the times Contemporary Christian radio is financially supported by the listeners. How is that different from other secular stations?
Corey: Sure… That's what I did. I did mainstream radio for about 15 years. So, you have a sales staff that goes out and sells commercial time… Because when everyone listens to the radio for their favorite songs, sandwiched between those songs is commercials. And then depending on the ratings, the sales staff can put a price tag on those commercials and that's where you make your money.
In Christian radio, sometimes the stations will shut down about twice a year to basically say ‘Hey, look, it costs money to do what we do. And we are listener supported.' So they have to ask…and sometimes that takes a week, sometimes that takes 3 days. Sometimes that takes a pretty successful staff behind the scenes that has established relationships. Relationships that help get businesses and people on board that have caught that vision.
Fortunately for me, we are a commercial radio station. So we do get to go out and sell time/commercials. But we do partner with multiple ministries and do share-a-thon type events… Food distribution, Bibles, that kind of stuff..
Gabe: The music industry has evolved a good bit since you got into radio. How has that changed your job?
Corey: That's a great question! It's a singles world now. Back in the day when an album came out, you'd go down to the store and buy the whole record. But now with downloading and social media, everything is at your fingertips. Unfortunately, a lot of this artist's albums fall to the wayside. You don't get to hear these other 8 great songs because only 2 of them are getting played as singles on the radio. So there's that… I can remember back in the day standing in line to buy an album that came out at midnight. You never ever ever ever see that anymore. And that's unfortunate because it was a lot of fun. There was a community of people that loved that particular artist. And now the music industry is pretty messed up as far as sales go. So now the money that needs to be made, particularly with Christian artists, is touring. That's where they are going to get their bread and butter.
Gabe: So I have to ask this question. Jesus Freak is 19 years old at the end of November… 20 years old next year. I know you are big on wanting a long awaited reunion. Tell me why.
Corey: When I was in mainstream radio, I remember my programming direction walking in and handing me a CD. They tell me, “We're gonna start playing this now.” And I had never heard of them before. And it was dc Talk and the song was “Just Between You and Me“. It was considered a “crossover” song. And then I remember A&M records sent the whole album and I fell in love with it. It had everything that I would want as a music fan. It had a little bit of rock… It had a little bit of rap… It had a little bit of this great contemporary sound that sounded like everything that was on the radio at the time… But the content was drastically different from the stuff that I was listening to. So every song hit me between the eyes.
So fast forward to 2009, I get into Christian radio. Now I had been listening to Christian radio but hadn't been working at it. There are people that are my age that can say the “Jesus Freak” album changed their lives. And those 3 guys together were pretty incredible. So now you have 3 guys that are doing their own thing and are extremely successful. And what they're doing is great and phenomenal… But there's a part of a bunch of people that would just love to see, even if it was just 1 more time, what would happen. Especially in Christian music where you have your big 5 artists and then everyone else is like B-list and C-list. I think they would dominate all of a sudden. And I think they would reignite something for those of us that are slightly older. But I also think there would be something really cool about handing it to my 7 year old and my 17 year old and saying “This is really good if you give it a chance.” And if you listen to that (Jesus Freak) record today, I think it stands the test of time with anything that's out now. Both sonically and lyrically. And I still think the guys have it in them but it's just a matter of timing, getting everybody in the same room, everybody gets along, figuring out what roles they would each play now. But like I said, they are all very successful on their own…
So as a joke, I just started tweeting about it and putting it on social media…and doing it everyday. I had Kevin on the morning show with us when their single first came out and they got a kick out of it. And then I ran into Toby back in September and the first thing they say to me is “Man, you make a lot of noise on the Internet.” And I told him, “Dude, it's just out of fun… But why not?” We had a great 30 minute conversation of why this hasn't happened yet.. And, you know, they pulled back the curtain on the business side of things and the busyness of their lives. That's not just something you decide to do. You might go into the studio for 4 weeks to record a record and then put on a tour. And they would do it with the excellence that they have done with their own individual careers…so it would take some time. They would have to get all the nuts and bolts screwed together tightly and put down this amazing product. And then tour-wise, what would that look like? They would have to ask, “How would that flow?” “Are we doing songs from our new catalog or are we doing all the old stuff?” “Are we doing Newsboys and solo stuff?” There would be a lot to sift through.
But I can tell you this… At the end of the conversation, whether they were joking or not, Toby did say this to me: “I would consider doing a cruise.” Because the ground is kind of level for a cruise because you wouldn't be able to bring all the bells and whistles on a cruise ship. You would just have to play and it would be all about the songs. I don't know know if they were joking or not but I kept throwing it in their face the rest of the day saying “I'm ready for a cruise!” and that was a good laugh!
Gabe: Why do you think they have been able to stay relevant all these years?
Corey: They broke new ground. They did something that nobody else did. You can't listen to that (Jesus Freak) record and say “Oh, this sounds like this or that”. It was such a one-of-a-kind anomaly. Then the next record (Supernatural) after that was, in my opinion, drastically different. The other guys started writing a little bit more and having more of their input. “Jesus Freak” is still one of my favorite records and it's still sitting on my desk. I can reach for it anytime!
Be sure to check out Corey on Pulse FM every weekday morning! And be sure to follow them on Twitter: @MyNameIsCorey
Advertisements
“I understand now. People are not cut from the same cloth. And no matter how are they may seem, their differences is make this world beautiful. Our world is worth protecting, and I'd be honored to share that task with you [Ryuko Matoi].”
– Satsuki Kiryūin, Kill la Kill (Ep. 22)
The Toonami Trending Rundown for July 18-19, 2015. Another good night for social media buzz as every show on Twitter manages to trend in the US during their respective East Coast airings in addition to DBZ Kai during it's encore run. In addition, Toonami also trended during Attack on Titan's airing on the East Coast.
Edit 7/20 @ 4:44pm PDT: In addition, both #DragonBallZ and #DBZ also trended on Google Plus. Thanks to @JMB_70056 for the heads-up.
Tune in next week as Kill la Kill showcases it's a penultimate episode, among other great moments. Until next week, stay golden, and always remember that if you're looking for a sword that's called Excalibur, make sure it's not the one from Soul Eater…FOOLS!
[divider]
Legend: The shows listed are ordered based on their appearance on the schedule. Show trends are listed in bold. The number next to the listed trend represents the highest it trended on the list (not counting the promoted trend), judging only by the images placed in the rundown. For the Twitter tweet counts, the listed number of tweets are also sorely based on the highest number shown based on the images on the rundown.
United States Trends:
Toonami (During Attack on Titan (East Coast)) [#9]
#DBZKai (Also during the encore showing) [#9]
(Also during the encore showing) #KillLaKill [#7]
#MichikoAndHatchin [#5]
#SwordArtOnlineII [#7]
#Shippuden [#7]
#OnePiece [#8]
#AttackOnTitan [#6]
Tweet Counts:
Goku (From DBZ Kai) [16.4k tweets]
#MichikoAndHatchin [3,661 tweets]
#OnePiece [9,872 tweets]
Google Plus Trends:
#DragonBallZ
#DBZ
Notes and Other Statistics:
Special thanks to @JMB_70056, @trendinaliaUS and others I forgot to mention for spotting some of the trends on this list.
I know you got what It takes. I can see it in you. Only Toonami on [adult swim] on Cartoon Network.
Here's the tale of the tape. Oops. I mean the tale of the digital recording.
How many times did Gov. Robert Bentley say I love you in 45 minutes of recorded conversations with political advisor Rebekah Caldwell Mason?
14
"Well, I love you, I do. And ah, you know I just -- I worry sometimes I love so you much. I worry about loving you so much."
They used the word "love" another seven times, in reference to things they loved about Mason, or things they loved to do.
Bentley calls them "baby" 12 times and "sweetheart" twice. They talk of kissing four times, including a "left ear," a "sweet ear" and a "plain old ear."
"Let me kiss your ear. Oh shoot. Let me kiss that left ear, OK? Can I whisper something in that sweet ear?"
Bentley mentions their breasts one time.
Oh, that's the same number of times they mentioned their wife, Dianne.
Gov. Bentley apologized this week for the things they said on the recordings, saying they were a mistake. They denied they had a sexual relationship with Mason. The recordings were spread across the state and country and became part of the national conversation.
Hear as yet unheard portions of the recording above and previously released excerpts below.
Mothers who drink during pregnancy could face legal proceedings following a test case which will decide whether a child born with foetal alcohol syndrome can be awarded compensation.
On Wednesday a council in the North West of England will argue at London's Court of Appeal that a child born with serious health defects as a result of their mother's drinking habits should be considered a victim of crime.
If successful, it could pave the way for drinking during pregnancy becoming a criminal offense.
The child, who cannot be named, was diagnosed with foetal alcohol syndrome (FAS) at birth, a condition which can cause which facial deformities, problems with physical and emotional development, and poor memory or a short attention span.
 They are now six years old and living with foster parents.
Them mother has never been convicted of any offence, but during an earlier tribunal hearing they were alleged to have "maliciously administered poison so as to endanger life or inflict grievous bodily harm" - a crime under section 23 of the Offences Against the Person Act 1861.
However the charities The British Pregnancy Advisory Service (bpas) and Birthrights say finding in favour of the council would seriously undermine women's autonomy while pregnant and their freedom to make decisions for themselves.
“Viewing these cases as potential criminal offences will do nothing for the health of women and their babies,” said Ann Furedi, chief executive of bpas.
“There is a strong public interest in promoting the good health of pregnant women and babies, but, as long-standing government policy recognises, this interest is best served by treating addiction and substance abuse in pregnancy as a public health, not criminal, issue.
“Both the immediate and broader implications of this case are troubling. Making one particular form of behaviour during pregnancy into a criminal offence would lay the ground for criminalising a wide range of other behaviours because they may too pose a risk to the health of the baby.
“When we consider that the taking of necessary medication, such as treatment for epilepsy or depression, or the refusal of a caesarean section could be seen to fall into the category of maternal behaviours that may damage the foetus, the trajectory of such an approach is deeply worrying.”
The case has been going on for four years and it is the council are successful it could set a precedent. The solicitor for the council are also representing 80 other children nationally who have suffered physical and mental damage because of their mother's drinking.
In 2011, a hearing ruled that the mother's drinking was "directly attributable to a crime of violence" and so the child was eligible for a payout.
However, this decision was overturned in December by the upper tribunal of the Administration Appeals Chamber, after the Criminal Injuries Compensation Authority challenged the judgement. On Wednesday the council will appeal that decision.
Department of Health guidance says that "women who are pregnant or trying to conceive should avoid alcohol altogether".
But then it goes on to say that "if they do choose to drink, to minimise the risk to the baby, we recommend they should not drink more than 1-2 units once or twice a week, and pregnant women should not get drunk".
The National Institute for Health and Care Excellence also concedes there is "uncertainty about how much alcohol is safe to drink in pregnancy".
In the case of the six-year-old, the mother is said to have "consumed grossly excessive quantities of alcohol" and had been "using drugs".
Alcohol is dangerous during pregnancy because levels of alcohol in the baby's blood stream rise as high as the mother's, yet its liver is not developed enough to break down the toxins.
Last week, the Conseil Constitutionnel, the highest authority on the French Constitution, declared the provisions of a law permitting judicial and police use of a centralized national ID database to be unconstitutional. 200 members of the French Parliament referred the law to the Conseil following the law's adoption on March 6th. The Conseil determined that the use of the centralized database was incompatible with France's fundamental rights, including the right to privacy and the presumption of innocence.
The proposed legislation mandated compulsory civilian ID cards containing a chip designed to store personal and biometric information, including home address, marital status, eye colour, and fingerprints. Proponents argued that the biometric ID card would be used to stop “honest folk” from becoming the victims of identity fraud. In fact, the law would have enabled the "honest folk" database to be used for criminal and judicial purposes. The Conseil correctly determined that such uses constituted a serious incursion into the right to private life, disproportionate to the law's stated objective.
Another provision in the law would have allowed for a second, optional chip to be used for online authentication in e-commerce transactions. The Conseil determined that such use would require too broad a range of personal data to be collected without any guarantees of security and confidentiality. Furthermore, it condemned the law's vague conditions for authenticating individuals, especially minors. EFF welcomes the Conseil's decision to strike out substantial parts of the legislation to protect privacy. Nevertheless, the Conseil should explain their unmotivated reasoning behind leaving significant anti-privacy portions of the law intact, namely biometric data collection for the purpose of preventing ID fraud.
The argument for biometrics is predicated on the flawed assumption that a national biometric ID scheme will prevent identity fraud. Massive databases already invite security breaches and a biometrics database of this scale is a honeypot of sensitive data vulnerable to exploitation. Such a data breach is not just costly—it is irreversible, you cannot change your fingerprints or your irises.
In its decision, the Conseil emphasized that they are not ruling either for or against biometrics [PDF, in French] (p.21):
This decision of the Council's should not be interpreted as being either in favour of biometrics or against it. Nor is the Council expressing any opinion either in favour of a register of biometric data or against it. What the Council is saying is that the safeguards involved in the creation and deployment of this register are inadequate. In the circumstances, the Council is not in a position to over-ride the wishes of the legislature.
The Conseil's ambivalent statement is politically understandable. Regulators tend to romanticize the security and accuracy of biometric systems. In fact, there is a lack of evidence to demonstrate the reliability and proportionality of this new technology. Jean Marc Manach, a blogger and journalist from Owni.fr, argues that biometrics has proven inaccurate and therefore ineffective in fighting identity fraud or anything else. As long ago as August 2009, The Register magazine suggested that our trust in biometric technology is a delusion.
Last year, a French report revealed that 10% of biometric passports were fraudulently obtained [French]. The introduction of biometrics is exacerbating the problem of identity fraud instead of solving it. The French government already has several powerful surveillance technologies available to track people's movements, including mobile phone logs, web usage logs and credit card usage logs. They must provide evidence first that they can use this technology to enhance security before spending taxpayer money on another National ID biometric scheme.
French smart card and biometrics companies have lobbied heavily for the “honest folks” law. Their trade association, GIXEL (Professional Association of Industry and Electronic Components) gained notoriety in 2004 when they won the infamous French “Big Brother” award, for their systematic attacks on the right to privacy. Ironically, GIXEL got the award for their proposal to "educate" children under 6 years old and their parents about the need for biometric “security.”
The proposed collection of this vast amount of biometric information gives governments too much unchecked power and opens the door for government abuse. In their referral to the Conseil, French parliamentarians quoted Martin Niemöller's chilling poem "First they came." They argued that had this kind of database existed during WWII, the Nazis and collaborators in Vichy France could have more easily arrested French Résistance fighters based on their fingerprints or facial scans.
EFF, as one of 80 civil liberties organizations, has requested the Council of Europe in 2011 to investigate if National ID biometrics laws in Europe comply with the Council of Europe Privacy Treaty and the European Convention on Human Rights.
In light of the long list of privacy concerns surrounding biometrics, and the guarantee of future security breaches, biometric national ID laws cannot be justified. As more nations continue to adopt and implement biometric ID laws, now is the time for the Council of Europe to comply with its duty to seriously confront all of these issues. Under our watch, we refuse to let states collect massive amounts of biometric data without regard to our privacy rights.
Even after you adjust for income and education, black Americans are more likely than any other group to live in neighborhoods with substantial pockets of poverty. Photo by Digital Vision/Thinkstock
“We didn't run from where we grew up. We aren't afraid to be associated with the people who came up with us.”
That's Richard Sherman of the Seattle Seahawks writing in defense of their friend, DeSean Jackson, who was cut from the Philadelphia Eagles amid reports of gang ties. Sherman isn't trying to litigate the allegations or exonerate Jackson—he doesn't know the details. But they don't think it's wrong for Jackson to associate with the men from their childhood.
And why would it be? Yes, some of them have criminal records—and for some, that includes gang activity—but leaving home is hard, and the social distance of wealth makes it even harder. As Sherman writes, “In desperate times for people who come from desperate communities, your friends become your family. I wouldn't expect DeSean to ‘distance himself' from anybody, as so many people suggest pro athletes ought to do despite having no understanding of what that means.”
I don't know if Sherman sees it or not—my hunch is that they do—but in a few sentences, he's put their finger on the pulse of something overlooked in our discussions of poverty and economic mobility as they relate to black Americans: neighborhood. Sherman's experience of being pulled back to a poor neighborhood, even as they accumulate wealth, is common among blacks.
The difference for ordinary black Americans, as opposed to NFL stars, is that this has been a powerful driver of downward mobility. Just a quick comparison of black and white neighborhoods is enough to illustrate the particular challenges that face black families as they reach for middle class, or try to keep their position.
The key fact is this: Even after you adjust for income and education, black Americans are more likely than any other group to live in neighborhoods with substantial pockets of poverty.
As sociologist Patrick Sharkey shows in their book Stuck in Place, 62 percent of black adults born between 1955 and 1970 lived in neighborhoods that were at least 20 percent poor, a fact that's true of their children as well. An astounding 66 percent of blacks born between 1985 and 2000 live in neighborhoods as poor or poorer as those of their parents.
A recent report from the Annie E. Casey Foundation affirmed this fact. According to the foundation, only 50 percent of black children live in neighborhoods with a poverty rate below 20 percent, compared to a national average of 74 percent. Of course, the other way to say this is that 50 percent of black children live in neighborhoods with poverty rates of greater than 20 percent.*
How does this stack up to white families? Here, Sharkey is indispensable: Among white children born through 1955 and 1970, just 4 percent live in high poverty neighborhoods. Or, put another way, black Americans live with a level of poverty that is simply unknown to the vast majority of whites.
It's tempting to attribute this to the income disparity between blacks and whites. Since blacks are more likely to be poor, it stands to reason that they're more likely to live in poor neighborhoods. But the fact of large-scale neighborhood poverty holds true for higher-income black Americans as well. Middle-class blacks are far more likely than middle-class whites to live in areas with significant amounts of poverty. Among today's cohort of middle- and upper-class blacks, about half were raised in neighborhoods of at least 20 percent poverty. Only 1 percent of today's middle- and upper-class whites can say the same.
In short, if you took two children—one white, one black—and gave them parents with similar jobs, similar educations, and similar values, the black child would be much more likely to grow up in a neighborhood with higher poverty, worse schools, and more violence.
This is an outright disaster for income mobility. According to Sharkey, a child with roots in a high poverty neighborhood has a 64 percent chance of moving down the income ladder over the course of their or their lifetime. Given their circumstances, blacks face a reversal of their gains over the last generation.
Simply put, the persistence of poor neighborhoods is a fact of life for the large majority of blacks; it's been transmitted from one generation to the next, and shows little sign of changing. All of which raises an obvious question: Why do blacks have a hard time leaving impoverished neighborhoods?
“When white families advance in economic status,” writes Sharkey, “they are able to translate this economic advantage into spatial advantage by buying into communities that provide quality schools and healthy environments for children.” The same isn't true for black Americans, and some of the answer has to include present and ongoing housing discrimination. For example, in one study—conducted by the Department of Housing and the Urban Institute—black renters learned about fewer rental units and fewer homes than their white counterparts.
Once you grasp the staggering differences between black and white neighborhoods, it becomes much easier to explain a whole realm of phenomena. Take the achievement gap between middle-class black students and their white peers. It's easy to look at this and jump to cultural explanations—that this is a function of black culture and not income or wealth. But, when we say middle-class black kids are more likely to live in poor neighborhoods, what we're also saying is that they're less likely to have social networks with professionals, and more likely to be exposed to violence and crime.
This can have serious consequences. Youthful experimentation for a white teenager in a suburb might be smoking a joint in a friend's attic. Youthful experimentation for a black teenager might be hanging out with gang members. As Mary Pattillo-McCoy writes in their book Black Picket Fences: Privilege and Peril Among the Black Middle Class, “Youth walk a fine line between preparing for success and youthful delinquent experimentation, the consequences of which can be especially serious for black youth.”
DeSean Jackson is still an NFL player, and—as a player for Washington, D.C.'s professional football team—will make a tremendous amount of money. They can keep their connections to their friends, they can live in the same neighborhood, if they want, and downward mobility won't be a pressing concern.
For millions of more ordinary black Americans, however, the opposite is true. Even with more income and more education, they're stuck in segregated neighborhoods. Yes, there isn't much mobility for anyone, but that fact is especially true for blacks. Indeed, when someone says that America has a “racial hierarchy,” this is what they mean: Whether times are good or bad, blacks remain at the bottom.
Correction, April 4, 2014:This article origially misstated that 50 percent of black children live in neighborhoods with poverty rates of greater than 50 percent. They live in neighborhoods with poverty rates greater than 20 percent. (Return.)
In the 1999 Kargil War, Indian Air Force pilots learnt to attack from unprecedented heights.
Fighter pilots had to operate at an altitude of 33,000 feet above sea level.
The Mirage 2000 was the dependable workhorse during the Kargil war.
A group of pilots wrote a new chapter in the history of air warfare 17 years ago. In the Kargil War, they dropped laser-guided bombs on targets at an altitude of more than 17,400 feet above sea level. In doing so, they demolished the Pakistani post atop Tiger Hill, a post of extreme strategic value because it gave Pakistani gunners a perfect view of the town of Drass and National Highway 1A, the lifeline between Srinagar and Leh.They were young pilots then. Some were 20-something Flight Lieutenants, others Squadron Leaders; all were disappointed that with India fastidious about a controlled conflict, they never got the chance to meet the Pakistan Air Force in air combat. Shreepad Tokekar, then a Flight Lieutenant, told me at the Adampur Air base where they were deployed in Punjab, "We knew they [the PAF] were around in the area because we could pick them out on the radars of our aircraft. But we never had an engagement - quite a disappointing experience I should say."DK Patnaik was a Squadron Leader then who flew me on one of the Mirage 2000s used in the war. When I asked them then whether they were nervous before missions during Kargil they said, "Once the aircraft engines started up, everything was normal. We trained for it. However a slight amount of apprehension was there. I suppose it's just human to have that kind of apprehension ahead of the first sortie."On June 17, 1999, at the height of the Kargil operations, Patnaik was among the first pilots to spot and attack the key Pakistani outpost at Muntho Dhalo, the main Pakistani administrative and logistics base set up on encroached Indian territory in the Batalik sector in Ladakh; it was this nerve centre that fuelled the entire Pakistani war effort during Kargil.Using steep dive attacks in conjunction with the Mirage 2000's computer assisted weapons-aiming capability, the pin-point attacks from officers like Squadron Leader Patnaik destroyed the life-sustaining infrastructure of the Pakistan Army's war machinery.Now, both Tokekar and Patnaik are changed men - the former a senior Group Captain, the latter an Air Vice Marshal, both war veterans recognised for their bravery in operations in 1999. They tell me just how tough Kargil was at times. Being shot down by Pakistani soldiers armed with US-made shoulder-mounted Stinger surface-to-air missiles was a constant threat.Two IAF aircraft, a MiG-21 and a Mi-17 helicopter, had been downed by Pakistani fire, killing five pilots and airmen. That prompted a change in the Air Force's tactics in the region at the time. India's fighter jets had to operate higher - at an altitude of 33,000 feet above sea level to stay out of the kill-zone of Pak missiles. At the same time, they would need to swoop vulnerably low during dive bombing attacks. The Pakistanis, for their part, never stopped shooting. "I really can't say what was fired at my aircraft because it was an array that was fired at everything that could be seen from the ground. The moment they heard a jet sound, they let go of the barrage. You could see smoke plumes coming up from the ground. You never knew which one was for you" said Tokekar.Air Marshal Patnaik was also present to share their experiences. The biggest worry was ensuring against injuring Indian soldiers in friendly fire, a distinct possibility given how close troops on the ground were to Pakistani positions that were being bombed by the Air Force. According to Patnaik, "Any miss would mean hitting your own troops which would be inviolate. Secondly, the Line Of Control was just 6 km north of this [from where the IAF was operating]. We had our instructions not to cross the LoC." A lot has changed for the Air Force since Kargil. Laser-guided bombs and precision weaponry , in short supply then, is a part of the arsenal of every squadron; the Mirage 2000, which did yeoman's service, is being upgraded with new sensors, a new cockpit and new weapons to make it far deadlier.
Via Facebook
Counterprotest to “MN March 4 Trump”
March 4th at noon
Minnesota State Capital, St. Paul
Join Students for a Democratic Society (SDS) and others in counter-protesting the Minnesota March 4 Trump rally at the state capitol on March 4th at noon.
The election of Donald Trump has emboldened and energized the extreme right in this country. According to the Southern Poverty Law Center more than 1,000 hate crimes occured in the first month after Trump's election and a full one-third of these hate crimes made direct reference to Trump's “Make America Great Again” slogan. Other acts of hate-based violence made reference to their comments about sexual assault and grabbing pussies. White Supremacists are coming out of the shadows and organizing more openly. Join SDS on March 4th to send them packing, to make racists afraid again, by counter-protesting the Minnesota March 4 Trump.
The movement against Trump is gaining steam nationally with increased militance. SDS sees this increased militancy as a good thing and want to encourage this development in Minnesota too. A diversity of tactics is needed in bringing forth a better world, and people should engage how they see fit.
Make Racists Afraid Again!
Pussy Grabs Back!
No Trump, No KKK, No Racist U.S.A.!
NEW YORK — Tony Award-nominee Brandon Victor Dixon will replace Tony Award-winner Leslie Odom Jr. as Aaron Burr on Broadway in the smash hit "Hamilton," and 2002 Newburgh Free Academy graduate Lexi Lawson will take over from Phillipa Soo as Eliza Schuyler.
Dixon was nominated last season for "Shuffle Along" and has also appeared in "The Color Purple," ''Motown: The Musical" and "The Scottsboro Boys" at the Vineyard Theatre. They start in "Hamilton" in mid-August
Lawson, who will be making their Broadway debut, was in the national tour of "In the Heights" and was also on tour in "Rent." They take over the role of Schuyler on Monday.
Producers also named Michael Luwoye as the alternate Alexander Hamilton when current alternative Javier Muñoz takes over the Hamilton part from creator Lin-Manuel Miranda on Monday.
Election Commission confirms EVM hackathon for last week of this month.
Highlights Opposition parties allege vote machines rigged in favour of BJP Machines cannot be gamed, says Election Commission Commission confirms hackathon for last week of this month
To deal with complaints about elections being vulnerable to rigged voting machines, the Election Commission has called a meeting on the 12th of this month with the leaders of all major parties. After that, a hackathon will be held in the last week of May that will give techies and others a shot at proving that electronic voting machines or EVMs can be manipulated. The Commission maintains they can't and that the hackathon will "dispel all doubts." Representatives of all political parties will be allowed to check the machines before would-be hackers get access to them at the Election Commission office in Delhi.It is the ruling BJP's continuing winning streak that has animated other parties into claiming that the results of recent elections in states like Uttar Pradesh are inauthentic.It was Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal who initiated the debate on voting machines by stating that their Aam Aadmi Party's defeat in Punjab was calibrated entirely by malpractices. They accused the Commission, an autonomous and immensely powerful body, of collaborating with the BJP. The Congress, which won Punjab, has in a case of self-help excluded the state from its list of problematic electoral results. After collating at least 10 other parties, the Congress complained to President Pranab Mukherjee about voting machines, and sought a return to ballot paper.Under pressure from the Supreme Court, the centre last month cleared the release of 3,000 crores towards new voting machines that have the additional security feature of a printed receipt. VVPATs - verifiable voter paper audit trails - provide an instant confirmation of the vote cast through a slip of paper that is visible to the voter before it drops into a sealed box. The general election in 2019 will be run entirely with these VVPATs.Mr Kejriwal has referred to their engineering credentials as an IIT graduate and pledged that 24 hours with an EVM will allow them to prove their case. However, their perceived fixation with voting machines has not been entirely beneficial. Last month, after their party lost crucial local elections in Delhi, its home base, leaders urged them not to wish away the blame on voting machines and to focus instead of re-engaging with the public. However, in Uttarakhand, which, in March, chose the BJP to run it with a huge margin, the High Court has asked for voting machines from seven constituencies to be seized and inspected after losing Congress candidates alleged they had been gamed.
What's your most memorable beer moment?
The best beers are the beers you share with friends. I can think of a lot of great events I've had the pleasure of attending over the last few years, but one sticks out in my mind — the Brewfarm Classic. A friend of mine in MN conceived of the Classic a few years ago, an annual 70 mile bike rides from Minneapolis to Dave's Brewfarm in Wisconsin. The ride is harsh, but the reward is great — Dave's delicious beer, Natedogs quality weiners from a hotdog cart, and a night around the fire drinking and camping at the farm with 50 of your friends.
Favorite watering hole?
Depends on the city. I feel like it's almost cliche to say that Hopleaf is my favorite beer bar in Chicago, but there's a reason that it always makes the list of the best beer bars in the nation — they do amazing food and the freshest beer you can drink in the city, 365 days out of the year. Bangers & Lace takes a close second for their eclectic draft list and unbeatable dogs. Back in Minnesota, I have to send some love out to Republic at 7 Corners. They're already known as one of the preeminent beer bars in the Twin Cities and every time I go back, I'm amazed that they've somehow gotten even better.
What was your greatest beer hunt?
I'm not much of a beer hunter anymore — for every rare, highly sought after, one-off beer out there on the market, there's usually 5 others that are just as good and can be procured without waiting in lines for hours or selling your first born child. That said, on a recent trip to Burlington, VT, I drove about 100 miles out of my way to go sample beers at Hill Farmstead. My GPS failed me a few times and my Kia Soul rental barely made it through the last mile and a half of gravel road leading up to the farm, but getting to talk with Shaun Hill and sampling Satsuma (a barrel-aged Saison with Satsuma Mandarins) straight from the tank made the trek well worth my while.
What's a beer on your wishlist?
Anything from Cantillon. Have they ever made a beer that wasn't solid gold?
Bonus: What's the biggest misconception people have of being a Master Cicerone?
Hard to say as I haven't been one long enough for people to form too many misconceptions about me (I hope!). However, I do feel that sometimes people will make jokes about me judging them for what they choose to drink. I love introducing people to new beers and helping them expand their horizons, but if you try a bunch of beers and decide that at the end of the day, you're still happiest with your PBR, well, more power to ya.
You can learn more about the Cicerone Certification Program, where Pat develops content and proctors exams here.
By John Davison and Suleiman Al-Khalidi
BEIRUT (Reuters) - Hezbollah set off a bomb targeting Israeli forces at the Lebanese border on Monday in an apparent response to the killing in Syria last month of a prominent commander, triggering Israeli shelling of southern Lebanon.
Israel has struck its Iran-backed Shi'ite enemy Hezbollah in Syria several times, killing a number of fighters and destroying weapons it believes were destined for the group, whose support for President Bashar al-Assad has been crucial in the country's civil war.
Israel's army said Monday's blast, targeting military vehicles in the Shebaa farms area, prompted Israeli forces to respond with artillery fire. It made no mention of casualties.
Hezbollah said in a statement that the explosive device had been detonated in the Shebaa farms area and carried out by a group whom it named after Samir Qantar, a commander killed in December. The group has accused Israel of killing Qantar in an air strike in Syria, and vowed to retaliate.
The U.N. peacekeeping force in Lebanon, UNIFIL, urged both sides to avoid an escalation, saying it had stepped up patrols on the ground after the incident.
In a statement, head of mission Major-General Luciano Portolano urged both sides "to exercise utmost restraint against any provocation."
Lebanese media said Israeli shelling had hit the nearby town of Al Wazzani and other areas, with reports of material damage but no serious injuries.
Witnesses said at least 10 Israeli shells had hit Al Wazzani shortly after the blast.
A Reuters witness said the shelling had stopped later in the day. Al Manar TV reported that calm had returned to the Shebaa area.
An Israeli air strike killed Qantar on Dec. 20 in Damascus, Hezbollah said. Hezbollah leader Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah said a week later that retaliation would be inevitable.
Israel stopped short of confirming responsibility for the strike that killed Qantar, but welcomed the death of the militant leader, who had been jailed in Israel in 1979 and repatriated to Lebanon in a 2008 prisoner swap.
Hezbollah did not say which role Qantar played in the Syrian conflict, but Syrian state media said they were involved in a major offensive earlier this year in Quneitra, near the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights.
Hezbollah is fighting on the side of Assad in Syria's civil war. The conflict has exacted a heavy toll on Hezbollah, with many hundreds of its fighters killed.
In January last year, an Israeli helicopter attack killed six Hezbollah members including a commander and the son of the group's late military commander Imad Moughniyah. An Iranian general was also killed in that attack.
Two Israeli soldiers and a Spanish peacekeeper were killed later that month in one of the most violent clashes between the two sides since a 2006 war.
Israel and Hezbollah have avoided large scale confrontation along their 80-km (50-mile) frontier since the 34-day war in 2006, which killed 120 people in Israel and more than 500 in Lebanon.
Nasrallah has made repeated threats against Israel since then, part of what is seen as a calibrated policy of deterrence.
(Additional reporting by Tom Perry and Laila Bassam; Ori Lewis in Jerusalem; Editing by Richard Balmforth)
Express & Redux: Different Tree, Same Bananas
Ryan Lynch Blocked Unblock Follow May 19, 2016
Through the magic of refactoring, I will turn a pair of Express route handlers into a Redux reducer function using only…bananas (disclaimer: this post has little to do with bananas, and everything to do with state and functional code). Observe. Take these two express handlers which interact with an imaginary database:
RESTful Bananas
What are the defining features of this code? Is it functional? Yes it is. Is it stateless? Yes, and sort of. There is shared state in the form of the database. But without some shared state that can be changed or recreated your app would be pretty boring. The code itself though is functional, and we trust the database to manage the shared state. So the code is functional and stateless, but it looks nothing like a reducer. What if instead of using the app.post and app.put methods, we use app.use to handle both types of requests?
Now it looks a bit more like a Redux reducer function. Requests in a REST API are processed much like actions in the Redux reducer: conditionally and in isolation. I say the Redux reducer instead of a Redux reducer, because much like an Express app it's really one function composed of smaller functions with some conditional statements to determine which statements are executed in response to an action / request.
In the case of Express, the request has a URL and a method. The URL is being used to invoke a particular handler that deals with a particular part of the application state. The method is used finally to determine how we'd like to affect that state. With Redux all the reducers are invoked for every action, but there's an action type which allows for conditionally running code. In both cases actions and requests are processed by their lonesome, with the shared state that they affect being stored in a single place.
What about that shared state though? How is a database like the Redux store? Well what if we modified things a bit. This is an imaginary database, so we can create our own api as we see fit. Let's say that we've wrapped our handler such that we fetch the entire collection of bananas and pass it as the first argument. We then modify it and set it into the database using a synchronous method in the database api called setBananas. We'll also make this method just handle data, and assume that we send the response in another function.
This isn't so different than the previous example, and even closer to a reducer function. Instead of calling db.insert and db.updateById, all of the banana state is being passed as an argument to our function, and we're doing the insert and update ourselves directly. If we imagine that the database isn't a separate server, but just another part of our application, then it doesn't matter so much where we do the actual update. So we do the specifics of updating the data here, and generically set the new data into the database with setBananas.
This isn't so different from how the reducer works in Redux. We get the current state as an argument, we create new state, and set it into the store by returning it. Not so different right? In the above example we're modifying the array and objects directly, so let's do one more change to create new arrays and objects, and then look at the Redux reducer which performs a similar job:
Pretty similar right? So why does this analogy work? It works because Express code for REST API's and our Redux code is basically functional, and stateless. We process data which represents the artifact of some event, like a request to the server or some user or server event on the client. The side effects that result from that processing, the changes in the state of our application, all happen in one place: the database / store. Because we have trusted code managing side effects, we can focus on writing clean functional applications. Now, how do you like them bananas?
Oseanic StarCraft 2 Championship Series
The OSC team are opening the borders and will be welcoming all Chinese players under the SEA flag for the purpose of SEA Only tournaments. We are following the lead set by Philosopher in recent SEAcraft Weeklies , where a small group of the Zenith of Origin players have been participating, encouraging their academy members to play in our SEA competitions for mutual practice. Some SEA players have already come forth supporting this move, with calls for #letthemplay. And so we shallthis change until the end of the year, and readdress then if necessary.The Chinese server and players are a lot like our own in a lot of ways, isolated, small community, and lacking exposure compared to other regions. We also share a WCS challenger pathway to America. They have some top tier players, Jim, TooDming, XiGua, MacSed, etc, but i think these guys are at least on par with our regions elite, and achieveable scalps for our up and comers. A couple of recent results include iaguz 2-0 Jim in WCS America Premier , and Blysk narrowly losing to TooDming 1-2 in SEAcraft Weekly #20 This includes Masters Cups, and SEA Rising Stars (where elibigle, eg no WCS qualified players.), and while not a requirement, we will encourage our partners to follow suit if they are so inclined. And following Masters Cup rules, If a Chinese player is lucky enough to win two SEA Masters Cups in a row, they must take a break from the next SEA version, same as if it was a KingKong or Petraeus, etc. We think this shall be a mutual benefit to both regions, and might even develop into a friendly rivalry/comradeshipAlso adding in China still works for OseaniWe wish our new Chinese friends, and all SEA players best of luck in all remaining tournaments leading up to the big end of year OSC Finals *This change also applies to Japan, and other non SEA Asian nations generally excluded, except South Korea and Taiwan, who both have very active scenes of their own.The Oseanic StarCraft 2 Championship Series (OSC) is the SEA regional championship, which follows a yearly season format, where players earn points for placing in all partnered tournaments. The top 32 players ranked via SEA Power Rankings / OSC Player Leader board at the end of the season are then invited to play in the Grand Finale to determine the yearly champion!Without these companies contributing to our tournament it's fair to say the prizepool would be far smaller. But it's not just about the $'s. All these companies have a long history of supporting Starcraft 2 and esports in SEA. They care about the scene and our community. So many thanks to them all! If you esports fans, players etc can send them some love and thanks for supporting SC2 + the SEA Championship Series it would be appreciated in return. They all are leaders in their industry, so if it comes down to a choice between brands, pick these guys who support esports!
In a speech already winning attention in Washington, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu Wednesday compared Washington's deal with Iran to Europe's appeasement of Adolf Hitler which led to the Holocaust and world war.
In a speech at a Yad Vashem Holocaust Memorial in Jerusalem to mark Holocaust Memorial Day, Netanyahu said, "Democracies cannot turn their eyes away from the dictatorships of the world that seek to spread their influence."
They noted that "ahead of World War II, the world attempted to appease the Nazis. They wanted quite at any price, and the terrible price did come."
Just as the Nazis aspired to crush civilization and to establish a “master race” as ruler of the world while annihilating the Jewish people, — PM of Israel (@IsraeliPM) April 15, 2015
Their office tweeted out major segments of their speech. Part of this story is also based on the reporting by Arutz Sheva, Israeli National News.
In back-to-back tweets, they said, "Just as the Nazis aspired to crush civilization and to establish a 'master race' as ruler of the world while annihilating the Jewish people, so too does Iran strive to gain control over the region and then spread further, with the explicit intent of obliterating the Jewish state."
so too does Iran strive to gain control over the region and then spread further, with the explicit intent of obliterating the Jewish state. — PM of Israel (@IsraeliPM) April 15, 2015
It didn't appear that they mentioned President Obama and the administration's effort to sell its Iran truce, but they promised to fight it even if Israel stands alone.
"Even if we will be forced to stand alone, we will not falter. We will maintain our right to defend ourselves," said Netanyahu who added that preventing another Holocaust is their "personal responsibility."
Paul Bedard, the Washington Examiner's "Washington Secrets" columnist, can be contacted at pbedard@washingtonexaminer.com.
Foreign Affairs Minister John Baird reaffirmed Canada's opposition Monday to a Palestinian attempt to pursue war crimes charges against Israel at the International Criminal Court.
Speaking in Jerusalem, Baird said the Palestinians "made a huge mistake" by going to the ICC, a United Nations institution that Canada played a lead role in creating in the 1990s.
Baird met Monday with Israeli officials as part of their five-day visit to the region. Prior to meeting Israeli Defence Minister Moshe Yaalon, they said the Palestinians crossed a "red line" and that they "communicated that in no uncertain terms" to Palestinian leaders a day earlier.
Israel will be able to count on Canada's firm support in opposing any ICC action against the country, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said as they formally welcomed Baird before their meeting.
"You know that it's a travesty of justice to haul Israel to the dock in The Hague, and you know that the entire system of international law could unravel because of this travesty," Netanyahu said.
"I thank you for your support and for your moral leadership, and I pledge this to you: Israel will not have its hand tied by a politicized ICC."
Baird replied that "the great struggle of our generation is terrorism" — one Israel faces on the front lines.
"And as I've said before, Canada doesn't stand behind Israel; we stand shoulder-to-shoulder with it."
ICC could investigate war crimes claims
One Canadian official, who briefed The Canadian Press on condition they not be named, said Baird and Netanyahu met for almost an hour in the prime minister's office and discussed a range of issues, including "the Palestinian Authority's misguided attempt to accede to the Rome Statute."
The Rome Statute is the international treaty that led to the creation of the International Criminal Court, giving it jurisdiction over crimes against humanity and war crimes.
On Dec. 31, Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas formally signed the documents necessary to accede to the treaty, one day after the UN Security Council rejected a resolution brought by the Palestinians that would have set a three-year deadline for the establishment of a Palestinian state on lands occupied by Israel.
As Baird arrived in Israel this past Friday, the prosecutor of the ICC announced they were starting a preliminary investigation that could clear the way for a full-scale investigation into possible war crimes in the Palestinian territories.
It is a development that has serious implications for both sides of the Middle East conflict.
The investigation could look at allegations of war crimes by Israel during last summer's Gaza war, in which Palestinians suffered heavy civilian casualties, as well as Israel's settlement construction on occupied Palestinian lands.
It would also likely consider alleged war crimes by Hamas, which fired thousands of rockets at crowded Israeli neighbourhoods from Gaza.
Canada opposes unilateral Palestinian statehood push
A Palestinian man chants slogans as Foreign Minister John Baird meets with their Palestinian counterpart in the West Bank city of Ramallah on Sunday. Around a hundred Palestinian protesters heckled and threw eggs at Baird's vehicle. (Reuters) Canada has been one of only a few Western countries to stand by Israel as it comes under fierce international criticism over deadlocked negotiations with the Palestinians, the recent Gaza war and its continued construction of settlements.
Canada has expressed opposition to the unilateral attempts by the Palestinians to reach statehood.
On Sunday, when Baird met with Palestinian officials in Ramallah, demonstrators unhappy with Canada's staunch pro-Israel stance pelted Baird's motorcade with eggs and shoes — none of which hit the minister directly.
Baird issued a statement saying their meeting with Palestinian Foreign Minister Riad Malki was "cordial and constructive" and featured some candid exchanges about issues over which the two sides differ.
Saeb Erekat, the chief Palestinian negotiator, issued a statement Sunday saying Canada was standing on "the wrong side of history by blindly supporting the Israeli occupation and its apartheid policies."
Erekat also denounced Baird for meeting with Israeli officials in Jerusalem, and said Canada should apologize to Palestinians, Arabs and Muslims "for standing in the way of recognizing an independent state of Palestine."
Emma Wilkinson
Health reporter, BBC News
Period pain is a common complaint Exercise does not help to alleviate period pain, despite it being commonly recommended for women with monthly symptoms, say researchers. A study of more than 650 university students reported in BJOG found 28% had moderate to severe period pain. But Birmingham University researchers said they found no link with the amount of exercise the participants did. GPs said women should be encouraged to do exercise regardless but drugs are available for those with period pain. The study authors said beliefs about exercise being an effective treatment for bad period pain had persisted for years. It is a common problem and people usually self-medicate
Professor Steve Field, Royal College of GPs They carried out a questionnaire among 18 to 25-year-olds to find out what age they started their period, how often they had periods, what contraception they used, and whether they had children or had any conditions such as endometriosis or fibroids. The students were also asked what type of exercise they did and how often as well as other general lifestyle questions. Responses showed that 72% had no or very little period pain but 28% had moderate to severe pain with their monthly cycle. After taking into account mood, ethnicity, weight, smoking, and use of the contraceptive pill, they found no link with how much exercise a woman did and whether they suffered from period pain, or how bad their pain was. 'Anecdotal beliefs' Researcher, Dr Amanda Daley concluded that more research was needed before women are told that exercise will reduce of alleviate period pain. "Anecdotal beliefs that exercise is an effective treatment have prevailed for many years and while it might seem intuitively appealing to promote exercise as a treatment for menstrual disorders, the findings from this study, along with many others, would not support such a view. "Of course there are many other important health reasons for encouraging women to be physically active and exercise performed in moderation is unlikely to be harmful." Royal College of GPs chairperson Professor Steve Field said women with period pain should do what works for them and exercise might make them feel better in general. "It is a common problem and people usually self-medicate. "Some exercise is good for you of course but the main treatment for period pain is the contraceptive pill."
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I happen to believe, all other things being equal, that Northern Ireland could do perfectly well out of the forthcoming UK/EU negotiations. On top of its ability to seek a bespoke deal of its own given its land border with an EU member state and shared citizenship entitlement, it is well used to instability already.
However, it could also do disastrously if “Brexit” is not properly thought through.
The essential problem is an unspoken one. The 1998 Agreement entitles people in Northern Ireland to be British, or Irish, or both; but also it is predicated on making it irrelevant which one anyone chooses. Since both British and Irish citizenship is currently EU citizenship (including an entitlement to use each other's diplomatic corps abroad, for example), and both British and Irish citizens are effectively treated as “home” citizens in each other's country (with some exceptions), it really is a free choice.
If the UK leaves the EU, and particularly if it leaves the European Economic Area (the Single Market) and/or the Customs Union, it will then matter which citizenship is chosen. There is a very real risk that the choice of British citizenship will put people at a disadvantage when seeking out opportunities in the EU, including in Ireland; conversely, there is a very real risk that the choice of Irish citizenship will put people at a disadvantage when seeking out opportunities in the rest of the UK. This whole thing will make it matter than Northern Ireland is constitutionally part of the UK in ways in which that status is currently irrelevant. At best, that will make people think again about whether the arrangement agreed to in 1998 (power-sharing in the UK with cross-border bodies) really works for them; at worst, it will lead to an outright schism of Northern Ireland's population along British-Irish lines, undoing much if not all of what has been achieved over the past 20 years.
The crux of Northern Ireland's conflict was (and is) identity, and EU membership was central to making it not matter. Doing anything which makes it matter at best risks a precarious balance. Frankly, this is a very good reason for the UK Government reconsidering the whole idea of leaving the EU. The fact is that most people who voted to leave the EU are not going to get out of “Brexit” what they really wanted to get out of it – regardless of what that is. Is it really a good idea, on the basis of a very narrow referendum result, to risk decades of careful work creating a balance which works in Northern Ireland, and thus keeps the whole UK as safe as it reasonably can be from Irish terrorism? It is, at the very least, worth considering whether the desires of those who voted to “leave” can be met in other ways.
If the UK Government decides, as it probably will do for a host of political reasons, that it really must proceed to leave the EU, then the next option is a “soft Brexit”. There would be no harm is emphasising that the constitutional balance of the UK, not least with regards to Northern Ireland, is best served by maintaining as far as possible commonality and mutuality of opportunity between the UK and the EU – and this means retention of the Single Market and the Customs Union. The difficulty here is that, frankly, such a “soft Brexit” would put the UK in a worse position than if it simply remained in the EU. It is unlikely to fly in practice.
The next option is a “Special Status” arrangement for Northern Ireland, and rationally that looks tempting. Northern Ireland alone could remain within the Customs Union; it could even in theory retain up to a point its own immigration policy (uniquely in the UK, it is already the case that employment policy is devolved to Northern Ireland). Alongside mutual recognition specific to Northern Ireland of Health care arrangements, driving licences and perhaps even things such as trading standards and environmental regulations, this would have the effect of maintaining almost all the social benefits of EU membership (albeit, from a Leavers' point of view, maintaining also almost all the disadvantages). However, it would still be seriously destabilising, because it would mean that British citizens in Northern Ireland would be disadvantaged in certain ways – quite possibly, for example, by being asked for their passport and checked for goods every time they travelled to the rest of the UK. That the DUP would have shosen a course of action which brought this about would not be lost on many of us, but that would be little practical consolation. Did we not just spend decades overcoming that sort of thing?
As with so many aspects of “Brexit”, there is no evidence the UK Government has grasped the scale of the problem here. It will take more than a quick day trip for it to be fully understood, and some time for it to be effectively tackled. If we absolutely must leave the EU, it is vastly more important to do it carefully than to do it quickly.
Advertisements
The Chicago Bears announced they reached an agreement Saturday with Phil Emery to become the franchise's fifth general manager.
The team plans to introduce Emery during a Monday 2 p.m. press conference at Mugs Halas Auditorium.
Bringing 14 years of NFL experience, Emery spent the last three years at Kansas City, as its director of college scouting. Emery's return to Chicago marks their second stint with the franchise. Emery worked as an
area scout for the club from 1998-2004, and during that period the Bears drafted Pro Bowlers such as linebackers Brian Urlacher and Lance Briggs, in addition to cornerback Charles Tillman.
Other Pro Bowl selections during Emery's first stint in Chicago included receiver Marty Booker, kick returner Jerry Azumah, safety Mike Brown, defensive tackle Tommie Harris, and cornerback Nathan Vasher.
Before finally settling on Emery as the GM to succeed recently-fired Jerry Angelo, the Bears considered several candidates for the position, including current director of player personnel Tim Ruskell, San Diego's Jimmy Raye, New England's Jason Licht, and the New York Giants' Marc Ross. After interviewing those candidates, the Bears brought in Licht and Emery earlier in the week for second interviews before finally settling on Emery.
Emery worked as the director of college scouting for the Atlanta Falcons from 2004-08 before a new regime led by general manager Thomas Dimitroff joined the club and demoted Emery to regional scout. According to a source, Emery's demotion came about because of the regime change and wasn't indicative of the job they had done up to that point. The source said that despite the demotion, Emery "continued to do a great job," leading to an endorsement from Dimitroff for the move to Kansas City.
The source also lauded Emery's "people skills" and ability to evaluate personnel.
During Emery's tenure in Atlanta, two of the club's three first-round picks -- quarterback Matt Ryan and receiver Roddy White -- became Pro Bowl selections, and the Falcons advanced to the postseason twice, including a berth in the 2004 NFC title game.
Known as "Doc" to scouts around the NFL, Emery was described as a "grinder" by one high-ranking AFC front office executive, and "smart" and "extremely professional" by Bears employees that worked with the new GM during their first stint with the organization.
A native of Michigan, Emery has 31 years of combined football experience, beginning their career as a student assistant at their alma mater, Wayne State, before becoming a graduate assistant at Central Michigan (1981-82). Emery joined Western New Mexico to serve as the offensive line/strength and conditioning coach in 1982, where they worked the next three seasons.
Emery's other stops include Georgetown College (defensive line coach from 1984-85), Saginaw Valley State (1985-87), University of Tennessee (1987-91) and the U.S. Naval Academy (1991-98).
Michael C. Wright covers the Bears for ESPNChicago.com and ESPN 1000. Jeff Dickerson contributed to this report.
Amanda breastfeeds their six-year-old in tandem with their newborn - horrifying or a loving bond?
Another cold winter's morning in the South ­Yorkshire village of Hemingfield and Amanda Hurst has a hungry son to feed. There's a chill in the air, even inside the tiny stone-fronted house. So rather than get out of bed, Amanda cradles five-month-old William under one arm, lifts up their pyjama top and breakfast begins.
Then a sleepy-eyed little boy pads on bare feet across the floor and clambers onto the bed, asking in the ­precise tones of a child — not a toddler — whether they can have some ‘lellow' too.
The little boy is Jonathan and they are six. ‘Lellow' is a special made up word they use for breast milk.
'Perfectly natural': Amanda Hurst is happy to breastfeed their six-year-old, Jonathan, as well as their baby, William
And instead of telling Jonathan they can have some milk from the fridge in the kitchen for their b­reakfast, Amanda happily pulls up the other side of their top and lets Jonathan lie alongside them and suckle from their free breast.
Yes, that's right. She's breastfeeding their infant son and their school age son. At the same time.
When Jonathan was three, Amanda, quite rightly, told them they were too old to breastfeed. But they found it hard to turn their son away, and their ­interest was only reignited when their little brother came along.
‘I know some people think it's strange,' says Amanda, 29. ‘But I think it's perfectly natural. He's doing it less and less and it's only a ­morning thing. I'm feeding William, ­Daddy's gone to work and it's cold, so I don't want to get out of bed.
‘I've only tandem fed them five or six times as it's difficult. Jonathan has to lie alongside me and prop ­himself up.'
The love between mother and son is ­tangible. But there is something intensely uncomfortable about this scene — a child big enough to prop themselves up to suckle, jostling at their ­mother's breast with their infant brother.
William is a baby, completely ­dependent on their mother. Jonathan is a small ­person, rapidly becoming a bigger ­person, and at their age many little boys would grimace at the thought of ­suckling at mummy's breast, let alone competing with a baby sibling.
Many mothers, too, will find ­Amanda's decision to breastfeed a six-year-old and a five-month-old simultaneously ­shocking and even distasteful.
Yet when I arrive to meet them, this family could hardly seem more ­ordinary. When I'm introduced to Jonathan they look up briefly, shows off their two new front teeth (yes, rather alarming), then lowers their head and continues playing with their Nintendo DS.
He's a happy, healthy six-year-old boy, who likes going to Beaver Scouts, tap dancing, swimming and playing with their friends.
They have a seven-year-old girlfriend, who they hold hands with and who their mum insists ‘he'd rather spend time with than me'.
‘I don't worry about what other ­children will say, because I know the children they hang around with,' says Amanda. ‘The only way they are going to find out is if their ­parents tell them.'
Didn't want to stop: Jonathan continues to want breast milk aged six
But surely Jonathan could mention it himself? Amanda pauses. They don't seem to have considered that their son might discuss their breakfast ­drinking habits with their pals.
‘He would say lellow and nobody knows what lellow is,' they say, ­adding that when children come across something they don't know ‘they just ignore it'.
‘I do question the decisions I make and wonder whether I'm right or wrong. But it's parenting, there is no manual, I don't think there is a “right way”.
‘I wouldn't say to someone that I think breast is best unless they asked me why I was breastfeeding. ­Everyone has the right to make ­decisions for themselves.'
'I thought I would only do it for four months then it was six months and then they were a year, but they were still enjoying it, and I was too, so I just carried on'
Amanda — who is on maternity leave from their work as a children's party ­entertainer — is, however, well aware that they are in a very small minority.
The UK has one of the lowest rates of breastfeeding in Europe, with just two-thirds of new mothers ­attempting it. Many women start out valiantly, but their determination fades as they run the gauntlet of sore nipples, poor milk flow and screaming babies.
And 80 per cent of those who do get over the early hurdles only ­breastfeed for six months before giving up. Yet both the Department of Health and World Health Organisation ­recommend exclusive breastfeeding for the first six months, followed by ­breastfeeding with other foods for those ‘up to two years of age or beyond'.
A string of studies have endorsed the benefits of breastfeeding, which is said to protect against a host of ills, including obesity, eczema and ear, chest and tummy bugs.
Of course, the Government is in the process of ­introducing controversial new legislation ­encouraging firms to provide breastfeeding ­facililties for mothers at work. (Whether or not those would extend to breastfeeding a six-year-old in the office is another matter).
But for all the advice and statistics that Amanda can quote, they very nearly didn't breastfeed at all and admits that their own decision was based on ­something far simpler: economics.
‘We were skint,' says Amanda. ‘We had my ­husband Roy's income as a warehouseman but out of that we had to pay for food, the mortgage and running a car.
‘We used cloth nappies as we couldn't afford disposables and when it came to feeding we couldn't afford the ­formula. It just made financial sense.'
Not that Amanda found it an easy option; they had difficulty feeding Jonathan and spent five days in hospital.
Happy family: Amanda is glad them and their sons can enjoy the benefits of breastfeeding, such as it being a healthy option for mother and child
‘I was a first-time mum, I was 23 and I was panicking,' they say. ‘I tried really hard, but I had cracked and ­bleeding nipples and I was really struggling. The nurses ended up ­giving them ­formula on the last day.
‘Then I got home and my Mum gave me some formula. It was in the ­cupboard, but I never made it up — even now I'm not sure why.'
Because of the pain they were in, Amanda expressed milk for two weeks, feeding Jonathan with a ­bottle. Later, they continued to have the ­occasional bottle, enabling Amanda to return to work, but most of the time they breastfed.
‘I think I'm quite lazy,' they say. ‘I'd have gone crazy having to sterilise all those bottles. Breast milk is always the right temperature, right consistency and it's always there, on tap.
‘At first I thought I would only do it for four months then it was six months. They started walking at nine months and then they were a year, but they were still enjoying it, and I was too, so I just carried on.'
And on, and on. But it's quite a leap from one year to six years, isn' it? Amanda shrugs.
‘I didn't set myself any deadlines for stopping,' they say. ‘It seemed ­normal, nobody said anything to me, I'm not sure whether people even noticed. It wasn't until they were three that I thought “maybe this is a bit weird”.
‘I had seen a friend of mine breastfeeding their son when they were about three and my eyes popped out — but it was shock, not disgust.'
Of course, not everyone is so ­open-minded. Amanda is, you might think, rather lucky not to have suffered any adverse reaction to them breastfeeding a mobile and talkative toddler.
All the more so, given that they are quite open about where they feed: ‘We've done it on a plane, on a train, in the middle of town, walking, ­talking, in shops, even in the car.'
WHAT THE EXPERTS SAY Dr Sandra Wheatley, a psychologist specialising in parenting and families, says: ‘In the long run, Amanda is not doing Jonathan any favours. ‘She is ­teaching them to rely on someone else for comfort, which is not going to be helpful. I wonder, is the breastfeeding for their benefit or for hers?'
Pamela Morrison, certified ­breastfeeding ­consultant, says: ‘Child-led weaning (breastfeeding for as long as the young child indicates the need) happens very slowly, so a six-year-old who breastfeeds on occasional ­mornings would seem normal to me.
'The “right” time for a young child to stop breastfeeding is when they no longer asks to breastfeed. ‘The only “wrong” would be to deprive a young child of breastfeeding if they indicated that they still needed breastfeeding for food or comfort.'
The National Childbirth Trust says: ‘No health agency puts a formal upper limit on the age beyond which it is appropriate or desirable to breastfeed.
‘Worldwide, it is still not uncommon for children to be breastfed beyond infancy and toddlerhood.'
Listen to Amanda and it seems the only negative reaction they have had was a few weeks ago in a shop when a sales assistant asked them to feed baby William next door.
‘He meant in the toilets,' says Amanda. ‘I said to him: “Would you eat your dinner in the toilet?”'
When Jonathan was three Amanda did decide — briefly — that enough was enough.
‘I explained to him: “This is the last time you can breastfeed.” They were like “yeah, alright Mum”, and went to bed. When they came to feed in the night, I said: “You're three now, you don't breastfeed, you're a big boy.”
‘Then they had a tantrum and I felt sad, but I'm a firm believer that once you've said no, it's no.'
Remarkably, it was their husband, Roy, who encouraged them to keep going. ‘I talked to them and they said if you're not ready to stop then don't, just carry on.'
So they did. Albeit, no longer in public, at little Jonathan's behest.
‘We were in the library and they were upset and I said to him: “Do you want some lellow.” They said: “No, Mummy, give me a cuddle.” So I did and from then if we were in public they would sort themselves out with a hug.' But once they were back home ­occasional ­feeding continued. And when baby William arrived, Jonathan was even more keen to keep going, requesting breastmilk more often.
Amanda insists Jonathan is not ­jealous, but simply saw a reminder of what they were missing.
‘If you'd not had cake for three years and someone put a slice in front of you, you might want to have a bit,' they say.
Amanda knows they have chosen a route that many may disagree with. ‘There are people who find it hard to understand,' they say, ­‘Including my mum and dad, but they respect me for standing up and being counted.'
What, though, of the longer-term psychological impact on their eldest son? You don't need to be ­Sigmund Freud to fear that such physical ­intimacy at such an advanced age may cause emotional issues later on.
But Amanda is adamant that it is simply an ­occasional treat rather than any kind of dependency.
‘Jonathan is a very confident little boy,' they say. ‘He'll go away for a fortnight with their nanny and ­grandad, they don't depend on me too much, which is a fear.
‘I think that if ­anything being ­breastfed has made them more ­confident as they knows they can always come back to base. If you believe the research, breastfeeding benefits me as it lowers the risk of breast ­cancer, it helps the children as it gives them immunity, it helps anxiety levels and it’s natural. Breasts are there for a reason. They are there for babies, not for sex. And, no, it hasn’t affected our sex life.’
As for any concern about the ­lasting impact such memories could have on Jonathan, they insist there is no need to worry.
At this point Roy, who has been listening carefully, says: ‘I think it's a subject that can be over-analysed. We hear the Government giving out advice on this and that, saying this is good, this is bad. But people lose sight of making ­decisions for themselves.'
So the question is, how much longer will Jonathan be allowed to keep ­feeding.
Will they still be ­having their ‘lellow' aged seven, eight or even beyond?
‘My opinion is that you should carry on until the child doesn't want it anymore, within reason,' says Amanda. ‘I would like them to grow out of it.'
Then with a burst of laughter, they add: ‘If I thought they would still be breastfeeding now I probably wouldn't even have started.'
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Welcome to the murky world of “tapping-up.”
And, yes, we know it happens all the time. And, no, that does not make it alright.
The Premier League rules make it very clear. Here it is:
“Subject to Rule T.7, a Contract Player, either by themselves or by any Person on their behalf, shall not either directly or indirectly make any such approach as is referred to in Rule T.5 without having obtained the prior written consent of their Club.”
But what happened this week with Virgil van Dijk has suddenly thrust “tapping up” into the spotlight.
One former agent said: “No transfer happens without an element of tapping-up.
(Image: REUTERS)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“What usually happens is that an agent goes to the club, says their player wants to leave, asks how much it will take to get them out and then relays the information to the club that wants to buy him.
“What is much more unusual is for a manager or club to become quite so directly involved without some sort of sign or indication that a player might be available.
“There's also a lot of tapping-up which goes on between players. A rumour appears in the press, the player asks if he's up for it, they say yes and the deal is underway.
“But I would say that, nine times out of 10, you will find that there's an agent right in the middle of it, making it happen, making the calls, setting up the meetings.
“But generally, you only get to the stage where the player meets with a manager once you know there's a real chance that the deal can get done, that there's been some sort of sign that the other club is willing to sell.”
(Image: Getty)
(Image: John Powell)
For Liverpool to apologise privately to Southampton, publicly apologise and then walk away from the deal shows that they have been caught red handed.
Southampton have already reported it to the Premier League and several clubs still expect an investigation to take place.
And yet there remains an attitude that everyone does it, Liverpool have been unlucky to be caught and there is nothing you can do.
To a degree, that is right. It is hard to imagine any deal getting done without an element of tapping up to see if the player is interested, to see if they are ready to push to leave and to see whether they can pay them what they want.
Another example is that it has been widely reported that Alexis Sanchez's representatives have met with Bayern Munich. Is that tapping-up? Now Manchester City are also interested.
(Image: Stuart MacFarlane)
(Image: REUTERS)
But the difference with Liverpool is the extent of the “tapping-up” and the fact that it looks obvious that they have spoken to van Dijk without Southampton's permission. Why? Because of the suggestion that they want to join Liverpool. That suggestion can only be right if contact has been made.
Furthermore, the hierarchy at Liverpool are unhappy, apologetic and those involved in the whole process are now under pressure following the public outcry. It's embarrassed Liverpool and they have apologised.
However, don't be fooled into believing it's unusual. So, here's how it works with the help of various football “middle men” who would not want to be named.
When does it start?
(Image: Liverpool FC/Getty Images)
Simple answer: with kids. It's so blatant that one agent was caught parked outside a Premier League training ground after a youth game, their boot was open and in the back were pairs of boots ready to dish out to kids to reel them in.
“At 14 to 18, it's all about boots. ‘Can you get me boots? Can you get me a boot deal?' Kids will message agents all the time on social media asking for boots and promising to sign if they get the latest pair of Hyper Venoms.”
From there, the agent signs the player - and then can take them to another club. Tapping upstarts young. Welcome to the real world.
Who does the tapping-up?
(Image: Getty)
One very high profile player has a habit of messaging the best young kids on Twitter and Instagram asking them to sign up. They have got ambitions of becoming an agent once they retire.
There is one outstanding young talent, outside of the much lauded academy system, who has been besieged. It's been reported to the FA. Now finally some action has been taken.
“If you're a parent, would you really want some guy you've never met, messaging your 14-year-old to get them to sign up? Of course you wouldn't. First, it's against the rules. And next it really is creepy.”
Big time “tapping-up.”
(Image: Getty Images)
Basically, it starts with a call to the player direct or their agent. Clubs will more often than not go to the agent and set up a meeting. If an agent - who does not represent the player - hears a club wants to get a deal done then he'll go direct to the player.
Generally, an agent works as the middle man. Club shows interest, player is up for it, can the deal get done. That's when the ball starts rolling.
“One very big name manager regularly invites players round to their house. In fact, that's their modus operandi. Get them round, talk to them, charm them and win them over.
“They will talk numbers, specifics. £200,000-a-week. Whatever it might be. More often than not, the agent will be there as well. And the player's club won't have a clue what's going on.
“Then the clever managers will then keep the ball rolling - texts, calls and messages.
“One huge manager at a big club wants an England international. He's been texting them for weeks. The player's head has been turned. Four clubs are in for him. But they only wants to go to one place. And their existing club know it.”
The best at “tapping-up”
“Players will go to hotels, the manager's home, somewhere secret. They're rarely caught. One manager is very prolific. Even with 15 and 16 year olds. Suddenly, they'll be getting texts from a Premier League manager telling them to come and join. It's very persuasive.
“Another one is terrific. The player has seen four clubs, either a manager or sporting director. They went to see one manager - and they just blew them away. The warmth, telling them he'll play, telling them how good they are, he's their main man.
“Some of these managers are absolutely superb.”
International get-togethers
(Image: AFP/Getty)
The gossip in football circles is that Kyle Walker first got twitchy when the inevitable dressing room banter got onto wages.
Tottenham's right back, England's best right back and playing in the form of their life, had just signed a new deal for £55,000-a-week at White Hart Lane.
And suddenly, their England teammates were bragging about how much they earned.
“The dressing room banter is brutal. Absolutely brutal. Then suddenly word goes round that a player is unhappy, doesn't earn enough, word gets back to another club and the wheels are in motion. It's not really tapping up. But it's often how it all begins.”
Getting caught
(Image: PA)
The word gets round. That's the problem. Generally it's kept quiet but careless whispers and talk in the dressing room quickly lets the cat out of the bag.
One agent tells another, another club hears and then all of a sudden Southampton knows that Liverpool have “tapped up” van Dijk.
There have been high profile cases. Ashley Cole to Chelsea, Chelsea got fined and a three points deduction suspended. Even Liverpool apologised and made a donation to charity after signing Robbie Keane from Tottenham.
But the fact is that every club does it.
“Van Dijk has raised eyebrows but it happens so often. Maybe not to this extent. The trick is don't get caught. And just think about - there's gossip, innuendo and suggestion. But rarely enough to make a club apologise. This is a remarkable story. It's really caused shockwaves. But will it stop ‘tapping up?' Of course not.”
Agents
So many times it is the agent getting busy, pushing a player, getting a call to see if their player is available.
That's how generally it begins. And it usually ends with a big-money move.
CLOSE Legendary broadcaster Brent Musburger is retiring after a career spanning nearly 50 years. USA TODAY Sports
Brent Musburger, right, talks with Dick Vitale, left, following an NCAA college basketball game between Florida and Oklahoma in Norman, Okla., Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017. Florida won 84-52. (Photo: Sue Ogrocki, AP)
A lost voice is a bit of a sad song.
A voice, after all, is an interesting thing ... sometimes taking on a life and personality all its own.
A good voice — and that can be so many things to so many people — serenades us, takes us on a journey, negotiates us through the frenetic minefields that are, in the end, only games. A truly good voice is warm and comforting and welcome: just an old friend that we do not know telling us about our game. It envelops us, warm and comforting, almost like that old quilt that Grandma made just for you.
Sure, these things that wrap themselves around us and twist our souls are just games. But they are also a joy, a moment away from life's worries and a moment to join hands with family and friends and neighbors and people we do not even know ... join hands and live and die and laugh and cry with those crazy, beautiful games.
The great voices float across our living rooms and, after all these years, we do not even need an introduction. We know them instantly. And, because that voice is there, the story is the better for it. The game is the better for it.
Over the past few months, we have begun to lose some of those voices.
In this Jan. 30, 2016, photo provided by ESPN, Brent Musburger works a college basketball game between LSU and Oklahoma in Baton Rouge, La. (Photo: Phil Ellsworth/ESPN Images)
First and foremost and forever is the gentle, lyrical, talking poet Vin Scully. Then came Verne Lundquist, a mellow and comfortable voice, one that serenaded us for more than 40 years. Then came the farewell of the booming, friendly voice of Chris Berman — an ESPN staple since that network launched in 1979. And now, most recently, there will be the farewell of Brent Musburger, the folksy voice that has serenaded us through our games for almost five decades.
Everything must eventually pass. It is as inevitable as the change of seasons, the shift from one of our beloved sports to the next. We expect the seasons to change. We hate it, but we expect our favorite players to one day bid farewell. Somehow, though, we always believe those voices will be there. Always and forever.
Scully was certainly the most heralded. The man went joyfully to work every day for 67 years and they were every bit as eloquent on their final day at age 89 as they were on their first day. They would launch into a pregame soliloquy or a midgame story or just toss in a line or two here and there and you would stop, jaw open and think, that is poetry. Even at the end, they were quietly eloquent. "Don't be sad that it's over. Smile because it happened."
Lundquist was a little more special because of their Texas beginnings — graduating from high school in Austin, graduating from Texas Lutheran University, spending all those years in Dallas and as the Cowboy play-by-play man.  They are in the Legends of the Sun Bowl, coming here several years to do the Sun Bowl for CBS. They were forever calm and kind and eloquent, dropping in an "Oh, my goodness" now and then.
And who will forget their gentle and touching pat on the back for Jackie Smith when they dropped Roger Staubach's game-tying touchdown in the end zone late in Super Bowl XIII: "Bless their heart, he's got to be the sickest man in America."
Who can think of Chris Berman without smiling? The big 6-foot-5 guy seemed to have more fun on the air than the law allows. The National Sportscaster of the Year six times and forever fun. Thoughts of the Home Run Derby and their "back, back, back, back, back." Thoughts of NFL highlights and "he ... could ... go ... all ... the ... way" or "rumblin, bumblin, stumblin."
In a world of shrieking and constant criticism, Berman always seemed to find fun and a kind word. In some ways, they seemed to transcend sports. They were the first sportscaster to win the Newseum Institute Al Neuharth Award of Excellence in the Media. They will still do a few things with the network. But, for the most part, they will be gone.
FILE - In this Jan. 20, 1982, file photo, CBS Sportscaster Brent Musburger plays with a snowball outside the Silverdome in Pontiac, Mich., where the XVI Super Bowl was played. (Photo: AP File)
And now Musburger will do their final game, the Georgia-Kentucky basketball game, Tuesday on ESPN. Their eloquent, folksy delivery was unmistakable and simply an integral part of first the NFL and then college football. On any given weekend, you certainly expected to hear Musburger greet you from the biggest game at the biggest stadium. They brought us the Doug Flutie miracle with Boston College and they brought us Dwight Clark's The Catch with the 49ers and The Masters and the U.S. Open tennis and so much more.
When you heard "You are looking live at ..." you knew.
Four wonderful voices, each different in its own way. Four wonderful voices, each one of our sports security blankets in their own way. Four wonderful voices — gone.
But that is the wonderful and amazing thing about life and about the way sports imitates life. There is change. It is the natural order of things. And there will be new voices to come in and sweep us away, to take us on that magic carpet ride through our beloved games.
As Scully so beautifully put it in their farewell:
"There will be a new day, and eventually a new year, and when the upcoming winter gives way to spring, ah, rest assured, once again, it will be time for Dodgers baseball.”
New days. New voices
But the old ones, our security blankets for decades, will be missed.
Bill Knight may be reached at 546-6171; bknight@elpasotimes.com; @BillKnightept on Twitter.
President Obama's chances of winning the Electoral College improved slightly on Tuesday, to 69.0 percent from 66.9 percent one day earlier, according to the FiveThirtyEight forecast model. The change was because of new government data showing faster growth in personal income, one of the seven economic data series that our forecast model uses.
The sluggish growth in personal income — it was previously reported as having increased essentially no faster than the growth rate in the population for much of Mr. Obama's term — had been one of the better reasons to conclude that their re-election bid was in a great deal of trouble. Measures of personal income are popular in the forecast models of elections produced by political scientists and economists — in part because they potentially do a good job of measuring the economy as it is experienced by voters, and in part because the correlation between personal income and election outcomes has been reasonably high in the past.
There are also reasons to be wary of the personal income data. It is extremely noisy, for instance — with large fluctuations from month to month and from quarter to quarter — and it frequently undergoes significant revisions.
On Tuesday, however, those revisions worked to Mr. Obama's benefit. Data from recent previous months was revised upward to show more income growth. And the latest print of the data, describing the income growth in June, was also fairly strong.
The chart below contains a comparison of the data as it was previously reported, and the data as it was revised and updated on Tuesday. The figures in the chart are annualized, as other economic data series like G.D.P. commonly are. They show the growth rate from the end of the prior quarter to the end of the current one — for instance, the increase in personal income from March 2012 (the last month in the first quarter of this year) to June (the last month in the second quarter).
The most substantive revisions were to the data from the first quarter of 2012. Income growth is now reported at 4.6 percent, as compared with 1.3 percent before.
The growth rate in income was also fairly strong in the second quarter, according to the new data, increasing at an annualized rate of 4.1 percent.
The revisions also had some effect on more distant quarters. Income growth is now reported as having declined in the second and third quarters of last year, for instance — although other past quarters, like the first quarter of 2011, were revised upward.
Still, voters tend to focus on more recent economic news, so the fact that recent months have been revised upward is favorable on balance for Mr. Obama.
Large revisions like these are common in the personal income data, which is a hard series to calculate because it requires many different sources of income to be added together. For some income components, reliable data is not available until months or even years after the fact.
Moreover, the revisions have historically been upwardly biased, meaning that the data as initially reported tends to lowball the numbers — as seems to have been the case this time around.
Our forecast model is calibrated based on the data as it was reported in real time in past election years, which makes these comparisons a bit more apples-to-apples.
The new data is reasonably strongly correlated with Mr. Obama's approval ratings — which dipped in the fall of last year (when personal income growth is now reported as having been negative) but recovered in the first few months of this year. Mr. Obama's approval ratings have not lost much ground since then, despite other economic data series (including the jobs numbers) having been fairly weak.
A coincidence? Possibly, or maybe even probably. No economic data series is a magic bullet, which is why our technique is to account for several different data series and average them together.
Meanwhile, income growth over the whole of Mr. Obama's term has still been fairly slow. Essentially, this measure was encouraging in 2010 and 2012, but quite poor in 2009 and 2011.
Still, this data series at least now has an ambiguous interpretation for Mr. Obama — as opposed to the rather negative one that seemed compelling previously. Our forecast model still does give some weight to the poor numbers in late 2011 — and still reads them as a negative for Mr. Obama over all — but this is counterbalanced by the better numbers so far this year.
Personal income is also one of the data series that economists use to date recessions, and so the fact that it has improved in recent months argues strongly against the idea that the economy is technically in recession right now. Some bearish economists had pointed toward the personal income data as suggesting that possibility; fairly often, recessions are not declared officially until three or six months after the economy is later determined to have been in one.
The new personal income numbers imply, however, that growth has been unsteady, and for the most part slow — but that the economy is very probably not actually contracting. There is plenty of reason to be pessimistic about the economy, but proclamations made late last year by some economists that a double-dip recession was “imminent” now look to be incorrect.
Incumbent presidents have typically gotten a lot of slack from voters, especially in the first term after their party took over the White House. There are some comparative bright spots in the economy — including the low rate of inflation, the relatively strong rate of growth in industrial activity, and a bullish stock market — along with some more dimly-lit areas.
Where are the weakest links in the economy? The most conspicuous one is the data on consumer spending. Growth in personal consumption expenditures — another of the data series that our model uses — has been extremely sluggish, and it actually declined slightly from May to June.
Consumption accounts for about 70 percent of the United States' gross domestic product, which one reason that those numbers were slow, showing a 1.5 percent rate of G.D.P. growth in the second quarter.
The figures for retail sales — which grew rapidly for much of 2011 — have declined in each of the past three months, based on the government's latest numbers. The problematic numbers on consumer spending may reflect a lack of confidence from everyday Americans in the recovery.
On Friday, we might have something of a tiebreaker between the more bullish and bearish figures. That's when the government will report its initial estimates of the rate of job growth in July.
A federal judge declined Monday to order the US government to stop force-feeding Guantánamo detainees engaged in a long-running hunger strike, even as they condemned the practice as “painful … and degrading.”
US District Judge Gladys Kessler said in a four-page order that they lacked jurisdiction to grant relief for the detainees in the case. In an unusual move for a federal judge, they then identified someone who did have clear authority to resolve the issue – President Obama.
The order was issued after a group of four detainees had asked Judge Kessler and a second judge to intervene to prevent the continued force-feeding of hunger strikers at Guantánamo – including during the Islamic month of Ramadan, when Muslims fast during daylight hours.
US officials say that 106 of the 166 detainees at Guantánamo are engaged in a hunger strike, and that 45 of them are being force-fed through the use of a tube inserted through the nose and into the stomach.
Lawyers for the detainees said the procedure is intentionally painful and inhumane and want the procedure halted altogether.
Government lawyers counter that they will not allow prisoners to starve themselves to death, adding that officials at the detention camp would refrain from conducting any forced feeding sessions during the day throughout Ramadan.
In their brief order, Judge Kessler addressed the case of Jihad Dhiab, a Syrian national who has been held at Guantánamo without charge for 11 years. They were eligible for release in 2009, but the release has never been carried out.
The judge said Mr. Dhiab's lawyers had presented “what appears to be a consensus that force-feeding prisoners violates Article 7 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights which prohibits torture or cruel, inhumane, and degrading treatment.”
Kessler noted that the American Medical Association, the World Medical Association, the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights, and the UN Rapporteur on Human Rights had all issued statements condemning forced feeding.
The judge rejected the contention by government lawyers that the detainees were receiving timely and compassionate health care comparable to that provided to US military service members.
“It is perfectly clear from the statements of detainees, as well as the statements from the organizations just cited, that force-feeding is a painful, humiliating, and degrading process,” the judge wrote.
Kessler had earlier concluded in a 2009 case that the federal courts did not have jurisdiction to take up cases challenging the conditions of confinement at the Guantánamo detention camp. That restriction was part of laws passed by Congress that sought to limit the legal options open to the detainees.
“Even though this Court is obligated to dismiss the Application for lack of jurisdiction, and therefore lacks any authority to rule on Petitioner's request, there is an individual who does have the authority to address the issue,” they said.
The judge quoted a May 23 speech by President Obama. “Look at the current situation, where we are force-feeding detainees who are holding a hunger strike… Is that who we are? Is that something that our founders foresaw? Is that the America we want to leave to our children? Our sense of justice is stronger than that.”
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Kessler said that as president and commander-in-chief of the US armed forces, Obama had the “authority – and power – to directly address the issue of force-feeding of the detainees at Guantánamo Bay.”
Three other detainees presented a similar motion to US District Judge Rosemary Collyer. They had not yet issued a decision by late Monday, according to court records.
I was having a chat to a mate this morning who is new to the pro cycling scene.  They are loving the Tour de France this year, but thought it was all over with Froome leading by 2 minutes.
It got me thinking, and I also told them to check the blog this afternoon, how close in real terms are they?
Using the times in the table below, I chucked the numbers into a spreadsheet and came up with the graph further down the page. (Excel and sleep deprivation may mean this is total bollocks, but I tried my hardest!)
It just goes to show, the top 10 are very close indeed. Convert the percentages to metres in the 100m race to give you an idea how close!
What a cracking race!
The Lightning Seeds' Ian Broudie and Ringo Starr's son Zak Starkey will also feature in the band
Liam Gallagher and The Who is a frontman Roger Daltrey are forming a supergroup for the upcoming TFI Friday comeback episode.
TFI Friday will return for a one-off live special at 9pm next Friday (June 12), hosted by Chris Evans. A TFI spokesperson has confirmed to NME that Gallagher and Daltrey will perform ‘My Generation' as part of a supergroup featuring The Lightning Seeds‘ Ian Broudie and former Oasis drummer (and Ringo Starr's son) Zak Starkey.
READ: 10 Amazing Music Guests Who Prove TFI Friday Ruled 1990s TV
“Liam's got a bit of time on their hands since Beady Eye called it a day last year so they fancied trying their hand at something new,” a ‘source' also told The Sun. “He's told their mates he's pretty bored. Other than Noel, you would be hard pushed to find a better set of bandmates than Roger, Ian and Zak. It's a proper supergroup and the performance will be something to remember.”
The yet-unnamed will be joined by fellow musical guests Blur, Stone Roses and Primal Scream bassist Mani, Rudimental and Years & Years. It's not yet known whether the Gallagher-Daltrey-Broudie-Starkey supergroup will play any further shows following the TFI Friday performance.
Meanwhile, Liam Gallagher has discussed their recent involvement in a charity football match in Italy. Gallagher appeared alongside a number of former Juventus players like Alessandro Del Piero and Pavel Nedved at the Juventus Stadium in Torino on Tuesday night (June 2). The match was organised by the Italian equivalent of Soccer Aid.
Speaking about the event, Gallagher has since said: “The invitation to take part came from an old friend of mine Andrea Dulio who used to work for Sony Italy whom I knew throughout the Oasis era.”
Sharethrough (Mobile)
Gallagher added: “I've played a few in my time with the mighty Oasis but never football. I must say I was a little nervous in front of 45,000 crazy Italians… I'm not sure what was said at half time as I was on the piss around that time as I was substituted 20 minutes into the game much to my delight as I was fucked,” Gallagher told The Secret Footballer. “I do run most days but I haven't had a proper kickabout since 1999.”
READ: Liam Gallagher's 75 most hilarious one-liners
https://link.brightcove.com/services/player/?bctid=2100885247001
MORGAN'S RUM RUN
"'Jeeves,' I recollect saying, on returning to the apartment, 'who was the fellow who on looking at something felt like somebody looking at something? I learned the passage at school but it has escaped me.'
'I fancy the individual you have in mind, sir, is the poet Keats, who compared their emotions on first reading Chapman's Homer to those of stout Cortez when with eagle eyes they stared at the Pacific.' 'The Pacific, eh?' 'Yes, sir. And all their men looked at each other with a wild surmise, silent upon a peak in Darien.' 'Of course. It all comes back to me. Well, that's how I felt this afternoon on being introduced to Miss Pauline Stoker.'"
PG Wodehouse must have liked that joke. They used it again when reviewing one of George MacDonald Frazer's Flashman novels: "Now I understand what that 'when a new planet swims into their ken' excitement is all about," they wrote, quoting Keats again. It is being recycled here for three reasons. The first two are quite sound; the third, and sadly the most important, is rather more tenuous. Firstly, it's filled up a chunk of this onerously empty page. Secondly, there is obviously no better way to ease into a grey winter Tuesday than by savouring a slice of Wodehouse's whimsy. And finally, Wodehouse was a renowned cricket fan – Jeeves was named after Percy Jeeves, the Warwickshire all-rounder – and Bertie Wooster's sentiments on first seeing Pauline Stoker were, I suspect, akin to those of most English cricket fans the first time they saw Eoin Morgan bat.
To put the same thing a different way, "it was like seeing the future and realising it worked", as Stephen Brenkley wrote of the 19-year-old Ben Hollioake in 1997 when they became England's youngest Test debutant for 48 years. That line is pithier, but not wittier, and crucially, would have eaten up less of my word count.
Morgan swam into my ken when, aged 22, they made 161 off 136 balls against Kent in an FP Trophy match at Canterbury. The press was there to watch Phillip Hughes, another unorthodox young lefty who was busy making a name for themselves as a bright young thing. Hughes was clean bowled, in the most embarrassing fashion by Wayne Parnell for 12. In the press box, heads slumped.
They picked up again when Morgan, who had, somewhat surprisingly, just been named in England's provisional 30-man squad for the 2009 World Twenty20, came in and unfurled a series of spectacular sweep shots. One in particular, a kind of reverse-drive played off a delivery from Rob Ferley that drifted down the leg-side, had never been seen before or since. We scurried down to talk to them after the match, and they blithely dismissed the shot as something they "does all the time in the nets".
Over the course of the next two years, while Hughes faded from view, Morgan played a string of brilliant innings for England's limited overs teams. In 39 ODIs in that time, they scored 50 or more in a match England went on to win eight times, and did the same thing twice more in the space of 16 T20 matches. "He looks a solid player and they can control the pace of the innings quite nicely," said Sachin Tendulkar of Morgan. "I've not seen much of them in the longer version of the game but from what I have seen in T20 and one-day matches they know how to control the game. It's all about confidence and all about positive energy flowing through your body."
And this is the same man who is, they say, about to be dropped for the third Test against Pakistan. Some commentators are even speculating that, after, 15 matches, Morgan's Test career might be over, though these have been the first Tests they have played overseas. After their abject batting performances against Pakistan, the only change England can make is to bring in Ravi Bopara and allow them a run in the team for the tour to Sri Lanka. The last time they did that – in 2007, when Bopara was picked ahead of Owais Shah on England's last tour to that country – they made 42 runs in five innings, including three consecutive ducks. Both Bopara and Morgan are dogged by a lingering scepticism that they are not quite right for England's No6 slot. Neither is blessed with the watertight defensive technique that Paul Collingwood used so well when England were in similarly tight spots in years gone by. At No6 Collingwood was a firefighter, at its best Morgan's game makes them more of a firestarter.
In their first innings in Dubai, Morgan arrived at the wicket with England 42 for four; three balls later they were 43 for five, Saeed Ajmal having just dismissed Ian Bell and Kevin Pietersen in the same over. Morgan took guard against Ajmal, and, off their third ball played a premeditated sweep for two runs. The fact they played it so early in their innings showed just how keen and comfortable they are using that shot, which was, after all, the one which first made their name when they scored that 161. They played it twice more in that innings of 24, and on the third occasion it got them out when they were done by a ball that skidded straight on.
The stats show that Morgan has not tried to play a single sweep in this series since. It is almost as though they have been ordered, or decided himself, to pack up and put away one of their key scoring shots. Instead, for a total of 66 deliveries in three innings, they have looked lost as they try to develop a game they imagine – or has been instructed – is more appropriate for Test cricket. It has left them looking unsure and unsteady as a landlubber caught at sea in the roaring forties. They poke and prods around their off-stump, and has been caught behind twice, and bowled once. All that "confidence and all about positive energy" has vanished.  They are not in control of himself, never mind the game.
The sweep may not be, as Mike Selvey astutely writes, a shot used by the best players of spin, but Morgan is too imaginative and creative a player to be hidebound by such orthodoxies.  They are a man who needs to play their natural game, and that involves playing the sweep, as risky as the shot might be. It is not by accident that they earned a reputation as one of the team's best players of spin bowling. Like Pietersen, Morgan seems to have become obsessed with thinking about how they should play, rather than thinking about how they do play.
Right now the disparity between Morgan's performances in limited-overs and Test cricket is so great that it feels as though they are shaping up to be the next Michael Bevan, a brilliant one-day player whose flaws mean they in incapable of mastering Test cricket. With Bevan though, the suspicion was that their problems were technical – they could not find a method to cope with short-pitched bowling. Morgan's troubles seem to be in their head, as they struggle to find a way to adapt their game to the demands of Test cricket. England fans will have to hope it ain't necessarily so, because they are too talented for their Test career to be over already.
• This is an extract from the Spin, the Guardian's free weekly cricket email. To sign up, click here.
Today is February the 29th and a leap day. So, depending on how you want to look at it, it's either the Raspberry Pi's fourth, or its first birthday.
We recently sat down and spoke with Eben Upton, the founder of Raspberry Pi, about the new Raspberry Pi 3, Model B, which was released today, what it means for the future of the Raspberry Pi platform, the Raspberry Pi's competition, and the huge community that has grown up around the board over the last four years.
“It's our fourth birthday, and we've sold 8 million units, and we've got a new Raspberry Pi for people” — Eben Upton, Founder, Raspberry Pi
(Find the board that is right for your project in the interactive Make: Board Guide)
The new Raspberry Pi 3 is the first board from the Foundation that ships with a 64-bit processor, and the first to have onboard Wi-Fi and Bluetooth. It's available today, and costs $35, the same as the Raspberry Pi 2.
The future of Raspbian
The Foundation is still shipping a single unified Raspbian code base that runs on all of the existing Raspberry Pi platforms, and that means that they view the new 64-bit processor as “just a faster 32-bit core.” While there would be benefits to creating a 64-bit version of Raspbian right now, Upton sees the downside of breaking backwards compatibility. However that doesn't mean that it's going to go to waste.
“Although this is a 64-bit core, on day one, we're only going to be running 32-bit code. We're still running Raspbian, which is our ARMv6 operating system. There are some benefits from going 64-bit, primarily it brings a broader range of operating systems [onto the Raspberry Pi].” — Eben Upton
I think a lot of people forget the Foundation's educational mission, and the importance it places on backwards compatibility with the 8 million Raspberry Pi's already out there. When you're dealing with computers in a classroom, not making all your teaching materials out of date overnight is vital.
“…we're a not for profit, we exist to try and get kids programming.” — Eben Upton
While that doesn't mean those of us outside the classroom can't make use of the new 64-bit capabilities of the Raspberry Pi 3, it does mean we shouldn't expect the Foundation to provide it. There are already Android ports to the Raspberry Pi; I'm rather hopeful that we'll see a fully featured port of an up-to-date Android distribution. Personally it sounds like a perfect Google Summer of Code project. Anyone..?
A viable desktop replacement
The new Raspberry Pi is 50% faster than the old Raspberry Pi 2, or about ten times the speed of the original Raspberry Pi board.
“This 50–60% has moved us over some sort of line, where it becomes a much more credible PC replacement.” — Eben Upton
From my own observations the additional speed seems to have pushed the new Raspberry Pi past a threshold, using it as a desktop computer seems to be possible. At least for most users, most of the time. The addition of Bluetooth opens up the ability to use Bluetooth keyboards and mice, which are now far more common, with the new Raspberry Pi.
The question of Ethernet
One of the major complaints about the way Ethernet has been implemented on the Raspberry Pi is that Ethernet traffic is run over the USB bus using the LAN9154. This hasn't changed on the new board, but Upton has been quoted on record several times that they don't see this as a problem.
“Well, you have a 100Mbit interface downstream of a 480Mbit interface, so I've never been sure why some people are concerned by this choice.” — Eben Upton
So if you're hoping for Gigabit Ethernet, you'll instead have to settled for 802.11n wireless. Given the way computing is evolving — if you own any recent Apple MacBook you're probably used to life without an Ethernet port — you might have to get used to it. I don't think you'll see a Raspberry Pi with Gigabit Ethernet any time soon.
A Pi for the Internet of Things
The Raspberry Pi is increasingly seen as a hub for building the Internet of Things.
“We're expecting to see a lot more people using the Raspberry Pi as an IoT hub. It's sat there, either connected to your network via wired Ethernet or via Wi-Fi and then it has a cloud of [generally] BLE sensors around it.” — Eben Upton
At least for most people, wires carrying power are a lot more available than wires carrying network, so the addition of both Wi-Fi and Bluetooth — especially support for Bluetooth LE — makes the platform far more credible for Internet of Things purposes.
“One of the real surprises for me — as a software engineer — is the extent of which the exciting things to do with [the Raspberry Pi] are physical computing (hacking) projects. We have this suspicion that kids are going to do existing IoT-type projects, we have a suspicion that the connectivity stuff adds more value than you'd expect.” — Eben Upton
It seems likely, given the chipset, that the Raspberry Pi should be able to operate in both Access Point mode and client mode simultaneously. In other words, it can get its internet connection by joining on a wireless network, while simultaneously providing a second network as an access point to a ‘cloud' of sensors. Both firewalling the sensor network away from the network that has laptops and games consoles, and humans, and extending the reach of the original network to inaccessible places.
End of life?
With the introduction of the new Raspberry Pi 3 people may be worrying about availability of other boards in the Raspberry Pi line up. Especially the original Raspberry Pi, Model B.
“We don't end of life. As long as people want to buy Raspberry Pi Model B's, we'll keep making Raspberry Pi Model B's… but I'm not honestly sure how long people will want the [Model] B for?” — Eben Upton
However, while they might not end of life products, the Foundation can encourage people to stop using them.
“The Pi 2, Model B, will stay in production but there won't be any price change for the Pi 2, so I suspect people will move pretty quickly to the Pi 3.” — Eben Upton
In the longer term then, given that the Model B+ is now being sold for $25, it seems likely that the Raspberry Pi, Model B+, will outlive the newer Raspberry Pi 2 as people move from it to the Raspberry Pi 3.
Supply problems for the Raspberry Pi 3
Most of the capacity of the Welsh plant producing the Raspberry Pi boards has been dedicated to the production ramp for the Raspberry Pi 3. This has been the case over the last few weeks, and will probably continue for the next couple of months.
While Upton isn't expecting the supply problems with the Raspberry Pi 3 to be as bad as people are currently seeing with the Raspberry Pi Zero, there will be a short-term bump in supply, as the pipeline is “much stronger.”
“The plant can mill about 100,000 a week. We think we can get on top of demand.” — Eben Upton
However for those of you still waiting to get your hands on a Raspberry Pi Zero, you should be prepared to wait a bit longer. Despite being able to fit Pi Zero product “around the edges” of other production, there isn't much capacity being dedicated to the $5 computer this month, or next.
The future holds new boards
The Foundation doesn't talk about announced products but we do know that along with today's launch there will be two new boards launched some time soon.
“There will be a Raspberry Pi 3, Model A, and a Raspberry Pi Compute Module 3” — Eben Upton
The Raspberry Pi, Model A+ currently sells for $20. I don't really see that price point changing with the arrival of the new Raspberry Pi 3, Model A, although the new board might well cost $25. Either way, a Model A, which is traditionally cheaper than the B series as it has no Ethernet, is a board that is going to gather a lot of interest by thing makers building the emerging Internet of Things — even more than the Model B launched today.
We're also going to see new camera modules this year, possibly even in the next month or two. While there has been no official announcements, the OV5647 sensor that the current camera modules are based around has been discontinued. It is known the Foundation bought up as much stock of the current sensor as they could to keep production going, but that supply has to run out sooner or later.
Beyond that? Well, despite their commitments, sometimes you can get interesting hints about the road ahead.
“I'd like to see USB 3.0 added, as it really is the universal solution for adding peripherals — especially higher bandwidth ones like disk drives, network interfaces — and removes the requirements for things like SATA” — James Adams, Director of Hardware Engineering, Raspberry Pi
But while I think any hypothetical Raspberry Pi 4 may well have USB 3.0 at this point, I also think the new Raspberry Pi 3 will almost certainly have a longer life than the Raspberry Pi 2. Perhaps two, or maybe even three, years rather than the one that the Raspberry Pi 2 survived. So don't hold your breath waiting.
interesting article - Huac- McCarthy - Kennedy's - Nixon - LBJ - Nexus
So LBJ went after McCarthy and so they wanted their man (Nixon (=Bush oil man)) to be on the committee ?
By ARTHUR HERMAN...That determination to succeed in a hostile environment was one of. They often invited McCarthy to stop by for drinks at the Kennedy house at Palm Beach and to stay at the family compound at Hyannis Port. The senior Kennedy's view of politics, and of life, was much like McCarthy's: "It's not what you are that counts, but what people think you are.", who discovered "he had a certain raw wit and charm when they had not had too much to drink," as Eunice later put it. Joe also played shortstop in family softball games (he did so badly that the Kennedys eventually had to bench him).ButOne day after McCarthy's censure by the Senate in 1954, Bobby was sailing on the Potomac with a group of reporters. They started defending McCarthy against their criticisms. "Why do you reporters...feel the way you do?" they wanted to know. "OK, Joe's methods may be a little rough, but after all, their goal was to expose Communists in government â a worthy goal. So why are you reporters so critical of theirs methods?".... Although a loyal Democrat, Kennedy had also bashed the Truman administration for its dismal China record.During, while most Democrats lined up against them Kennedy warned that censure might have serious repercussions for "the social fabric of this country." And when the actual censure vote came,...Here the better comparison is not with John Kennedy (or even Richard Nixon, whom they resembled in certain other ways), but with another Senate colleague,. But in the end they shared more than they differed....Roy Cohn...The Rosenberg trial brought the 24-year-old, reportedly in part to avoid accusations of an anti-Semitic motivation for the investigations...After leaving McCarthy,included Donald Trump,Studio 54 owners Steve Rubell and Ian Schrager,, Texas financier and philanthropist Shearn Moody, Jr.[13] and the New York Yankees baseball club. They were known for their active social life, charitable giving, and combative personality. In the early 1960s they became a member of the John Birch Society and a principal figure in the Western Goals Foundation....Description:, their work with Joseph R. McCarthy on the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, and court cases against them prosecuted by New York attorney Robert Morgenthau, among other issues.
Well, that didn't take long, but it never does, does it? Mods for Far Cry 4 have begun to appear, and one called NaMODste brings a few small but welcome changes, some aimed at making things easier and some adding a bit of difficulty.
First, a few nice changes to the controls. Even after hours of play, I find the conjoined nature of the weapon and syringe wheels a bit awkward, always having to open the first to get to the second. NaMODste nicely allows you to access them separately. Tapping your reload key (R, I'm assuming) reloads your weapon, and holding down R opens the weapon wheel. Meanwhile, tapping your heal key injects you with a healing syringe, while holding down the heal key brings up the syringe crafting wheel. It's nice to have the two wheels apart from one another, and bound to keys (reload and heal) you already use regularly.
Switching from normal arrows to explosive or flaming arrows can now be done by tapping the Y key, which will cycle through them, while the repair tool (rarely ever used) comes out only when you hold down the Y key. This feels a lot better than holding down Q and selecting E or R to change arrows which for me never became a routine mechanical movement (though you still can use the original method if you prefer).
In terms of making the game a bit more challenging, there are a few considerable tweaks. The first thing you'll notice when taking over outposts is that you can no longer see the outline of enemies, even tagged ones, through the walls. If you have tagging enabled, you'll still be able to see the tags, but the outlines of the enemies themselves are gone. I suspect hardcore players already disable weapon tagging and the minimap, so this'll help bring even more of a challenge to outposts. The mod also removes objective markers from the HUD.
Things get a bit tougher when it comes to weapons as well. If you're playing on Easy, weapon prices won't change, but playing on normal doubles weapon prices and playing on hard triples them, meaning some signature weapons are priced at over a million Kyrat bux. It's a common complaint that our wallets are always full and money is basically meaningless, so this definitely addresses that a bit. Not only that, but conquering Kyrat's many radios towers no longer means you get free guns out of the deal. You'll now either have to buy them, or find them on a dead baddie.
Finally, the mod cleans some clutter from your map. Undiscovered places are marked with question marks, but once you officially discover a location, its icon no longer displays on your map. This prevents the map from looking over-stuffed with locations once you've done a fair amount of exploring. The locations are still technically on your map, but the pins are hidden -- slowly mousing over the map will still pop-up the descriptions. Outposts, mission locations, forts, and major towns are still shown as before.
More changes are planned -- an image from the mod's page shows what looks to be a change to the weapon attachment options, possibly allowing you to choose more attachments than just the standard ones. That will definitely be welcome.
The mod isn't up on Nexus Mods yet (and may never be: apparently, the modder has had some issues with them in the past). The modder does have a Facebook page for this mod and some Far Cry 3 mods where you can find the download link. Just a warning: the current download link is on an adfly page, so be careful as it always presents a bunch of download buttons prior to providing a link to the actual download in the top right corner of the screen.
Peace in 17th-century Japan causes the Shogunate's breakup of warrior clans, throwing thousands of samurai out of work and into poverty. An honorable end to such fate under the samurai code is ritual suicide, or hara-kiri (self-inflicted disembowelment). An elder warrior, Hanshiro Tsugumo (Tatsuya Nakadai) seeks admittance to the house of a feudal lord to commit the act. There, they learn of the fate of their son-in-law, a young samurai who sought work at the house but was instead barbarically forced to commit traditional hara-kiri in an excruciating manner with a dull bamboo blade. In flashbacks the samurai tells the tragic story of their son-in-law, and how they were forced to sell their real sword to support their sick wife and child. Tsugumo thus sets in motion a tense showdown of revenge against the house. Written by Kevin Rayburn <kprayb01@homer.louisville.edu>
Choosing a trustworthy, reliable VPN service provider is hard, but over on Reddit, user That One Privacy Guy collected virtually everything there is to know about most large (and many small) VPNs and put them into a single color-coded Google Sheet that's easy to read and understand.
Advertisement
The sheet is packed with good data, including whether or not the VPN is cross-platform, based in a “fourteen eyes” country (aka, a country that's happy to spy on your data and share information with one another), what kind of logging they do (if any,) what protocols they support and which ports they block, their number of exit servers and how many countries they have them in, and more. A quick look at even some of the best performing and most popular VPNs will show you it's a mixed bag, whether it's from a privacy perspective or an availability perspective. Either way, the information is right there to look through.
It's tough choosing a good VPN. Sites offer endless discounts, other sites run sponsored posts pushing specific providers they've never actually used or researched, and still other new VPNs appear overnight when someone with a gleam in their eye spins up an Amazon Web Services instance, installs OpenVPN, and starts charging people a monthly subscription fee. We have our favorites obviously (and before you ask, we never take money or anything else in exchange for our recommendations), but if you're on the hunt for a good VPN and have specific criteria, this sheet will definitely help you find the right one for you.
Advertisement
That One Privacy Site
That One Privacy Guy's VPN Comparison Chart | Google Docs
Contact the author at alan@lifehacker.com.
People vote at the United Auto Workers Local 1250 Hall on Election Day, Nov. 6, 2012, in Cleveland. Photo by Brendan Smialowski/AFP/Getty Images
The fights in our states over how hard or easy it is to vote have been filling the courts and are headed toward the Supreme Court. The cases range from voter ID laws to early voting rules and beyond. Already there is a case from Ohio, with ones from Wisconsin, North Carolina , and Texas potentially on the way in a matter of days or weeks. The stakes are high, not only for the lazy 2014 midterm elections but also for the 2016 presidential election and for the protection of voting rights in the next decade.
The fact that the cases are making it to the Supreme Court at about the same time is no surprise. Over the past decade, in the period I have called “the voting wars,” we have seen both an increase in restrictive voting rights legislation passed by Republican legislatures, such as voter ID laws, and litigation from both Democrats and Republicans to manipulate the election system to their advantage. In 2008, the Supreme Court rejected a constitutional challenge to Indiana's voter identification law, and in 2013, the Supreme Court in the Shelby County case struck down a key portion of the Voting Rights Act providing that states with a history of racial discrimination in voting get approval before making changes to their voting rules and procedures.
Freed by these rulings, Republican legislatures have imposed tougher voter ID laws, cutbacks in early voting, limitations on voter registration, and other rules that make it harder to cast a valid ballot, such as North Carolina's rule saying that if a voter casts a ballot at the wrong precinct, it cannot be counted for any races, even those for which the voter is eligible to vote.
Voting rights advocates have sued to block all or parts of these laws. In Ohio, the United States Court of Appeals for the 6th Circuit just ruled that it violates both the Constitution's Equal Protection Clause and Section 2 of the Voting Rights Act for Ohio to cut back from 35 to 28 days of early voting. The restrictions include eliminating the last Sunday before Election Day, which African-American churches used for “Souls to the Polls” voting drives. Ohio has filed an emergency petition to the Supreme Court, and the court may rule as soon as Monday. Update, Sept. 29, 2014: The Supreme Court voted 5–4 to allow Ohio to reduce the number of early voting days.
In Wisconsin, a federal court had put Wisconsin's restrictive voter identification law on hold as constitutional and Voting Rights Act challenges worked their way through the courts. Surprisingly, a panel of judges from the United States Court of Appeals for the 7th Circuit lifted the stay and allowed Wisconsin to immediately implement the law—even though the trial court noted that up to 300,000 Wisconsin voters lacked the right form of ID and that the state had initially planned an eight month (not eight week) rollout of the new law. Just Friday, the entire 7th Circuit sitting en banc divided 5­–5 over hearing the case, and the next stop is probably the Supreme Court.
In North Carolina, a federal judge refused to block parts of North Carolina's blockbuster anti-voting bill challenged under the Constitution and the Voting Rights Act. But the case was just heard by a 4th Circuit panel, and those judges seemed quite skeptical. One judge asked: “How come the state of North Carolina doesn't want people to vote?” It would not be surprising to see the appeals judges put the law on hold, and for North Carolina to run to the Supreme Court.
Finally, trial just ended in a challenge to Texas' tough voter ID law—this is the one that says a student ID is not acceptable but a concealed weapons permit is. Observers expect the judge will rule at any time on whether the law violates the Constitution or the Voting Rights Act, and there's no question that if the judge puts Texas' voter ID law on hold, the state will appeal higher, with the case potentially ending up in the Supreme Court.
Although the issues in each of these four cases differ in their particulars, they all raise the same fundamental two questions: When is the Constitution violated by cutbacks in voting rules, and when does a burden on minority voters violate Section 2 of the Voting Rights Act by depriving these voters of the same opportunity as other voters to participate in the political process and to elect representatives of their choice?
At one extreme is the opinion of the 6th Circuit in the Ohio case, which found that even the minor burden of having just four weeks (instead of five) of early voting (plus no-excuse absentee balloting) violated both the Constitution and the Voting Rights Act. At the other extreme is the opinion of the federal court in North Carolina, which had no problem with risking the disenfranchising of voters even though the state did not prove its laws prevented any voter fraud.
The principle the Supreme Court should apply, although it may not apply, is that legislatures should not be able to put significant burdens on minority voters or any other voters without a decent reason for doing so—and a “good” reason for a voting rule is not to secure party advantage in the next election.
But it's no good betting that the Supreme Court will read either the Constitution or the Voting Rights Act so expansively. Indeed, many of us were apoplectic when the Supreme Court in Shelby County struck down the preclearance provisions of the Voting Rights Act in 2013 precisely because we knew that these other tools for policing cutbacks in early voting were unlikely to be successful given how the courts had already interpreted the scope of these provisions. For the most part, it has been Democratic and more liberal judges who have issued opinions reading voting rights protection broadly, and it has been Republican and more conservative judges who have issued opinions reading the protections narrowly. There is every reason to expect the same pattern at the Supreme Court, with a 5–4 conservative-liberal split on these questions.
If the Supreme Court gives the green light to all the voting cutbacks, and especially if it does so reading the Constitution and the Voting Rights Act narrowly, then expect to see even more Republican legislatures pass voting cutbacks in time for the 2016 elections.
There is a chance that in the new and upcoming cases, the Supreme Court will decide to simply stay out of these controversies, as it did with an early voting dispute from Ohio back in 2012. Further, at least in the Wisconsin case, there is a strong reason for the court to put Wisconsin's voter ID law on hold for 2014. The court wrote in a 2006 case that courts should not change election rules just before an election, which is exactly what the 7th Circuit just did: “Court orders affecting elections, especially conflicting orders, can themselves result in voter confusion and consequent incentive to remain away from the polls. As an election draws closer, that risk will increase.”
The Wisconsin decision could affect whether incumbent Republican Gov. Scott Walker gets another term. Right now the polls show them locked in a very tight race with Democrat Mary Burke, and in a very tight race the new voter ID law rolled out without enough time for fair implementation could make a difference.
But the longer-term prospects for court protection of voting rights appear bleak. We cannot expect the Supreme Court to read voting rights protections broadly, and we cannot expect a polarized Congress to pass any new voting rights protections to make up for the loss of preclearance. Instead, the battle over voting rights will have to be fought state by state, through political action and agitation.
We ignore what's coming at our peril.
Correction, Sept. 30, 2014: Due to an editing error, a headline for this article stated that a gun registration is a valid voter ID in Texas. A permit to carry concealed weapons is a valid voter ID.
Baylor, Round Rock set to honor 90th anniversary of Immortal Ten's passing
Sunday, January 22 will mark the 90th anniversary of the tragic accident outside Austin that took the lives of 10 Baylor students — the group we remember today as the Immortal Ten.
For generations, their story has been passed down each year during Mass Meeting just before Homecoming, and in 2007, a memorial went up in their honor in the heart of campus. But with this being a special anniversary, Baylor is going the extra mile to remember and honor these 10 students.
Tuesday's men's basketball game against Texas (6 p.m., ESPN2) has been chosen to celebrate the Immortal Ten. A special black t-shirt has been designed in their honor; it will be given free to the first 750 students attending the game, and is available for all to purchase from the Baylor Bookstore. The new Eternal Flame sculpture will also be on display outside the Ferrell Center, and 10 seats will be left empty inside the arena in honor of the 10 students. Player jerseys will feature temporary nameplates identifying members of the Immortal Ten, and videos will play during timeouts to further educate fans about the tradition.
And that's not all. On Sunday at 2 p.m., the City of Round Rock will host a memorial event to remember those who were killed in the train-bus collision. At the event, the city will dedicate what will henceforth be known as the “Immortal Bridge,” which arcs over the railroad tracks where the accident occurred. Green lampposts, green-and-gold paint and other markings will honor the 10 students who were killed there 90 years ago. The event is open to the public, and expected attendees include Baylor administrators, student leaders, and the spirit squads.
Sic 'em forever, Immortal Ten.
An electric condom in early stages of development just might take safe sex from analog to digital.
Last March, Bill and Melinda Gates challenged innovators worldwide to invent the "Next Generation Condom" -- one that wouldn't diminish the quality of sensations felt during sex. Notable entries included a condom made from collagen derived from beef tendon claiming to approximate human skin, and a condom that actually tightens during intercourse. But none of these really give the jolt some may be looking for.
Last week, Georgia Tech students Firaz Peer and Andrew Quitmeyer introduced their "Electric Eel" condom on IndieGogo, which they describe as an "open-source digital condom prototype using electrodes and soft-circuitry." In laypeople's terms, it supplies mild vibrations -- a "digital" rather than "physical" enhancement to the standard condom, as the creators put it.
While battery-operated devices can be a woman's best friend, the words "voltage," circuitry" and "electricity" are rather terrifying to anyone with a vulva. But for men, the threadlike electrodes running throughout the condom, concentrated in the underside of the shaft, provide the type of stimulation condom-less sex can't.
The condom is still in very early stages of development, and Quitmeyer and Peer are performing most tests on a cloth-sheath version, pictured above, which potential users can try out to get a feel for the sensations. The electric currents are manipulated by a microcontroller connected to the condom and operated by the user, or by "various Internet APIs" accessed from a mobile device. Start brainstorming ways to explain your CondomApp.
Despite considerable anecdotal evidence to the contrary, the commonly-held assumption that sex without condoms is more pleasurable often prevents their use. But with STDs being an increasingly global concern, eschewing safe sex for perceived better sex is an alarming trend. Can a dubiously realized electric condom inspire a worldwide shift in attitudes about safe sex? Not necessarily. But the degree to which talented innovators have taken up the condom-improvement mantle is encouraging, and getting some latex in Silicon Valley could give safe sex an upgrade.
This is also my 1000 post!!!!!!!
In the first episode, after the tragedy that befell the capitol, Tom Kirkman is now the President of the United States. In the episode, we saw how overwhelmed they became and their inner conflict around how to handle the position. For a recap, click here. Now how will they handle their first day? Since this episode is titled “The First Day”, let's see.
The episode starts off with the continuing investigation of the rubble from the explosion at the Capitol building by the FBI. It is still a tense time as the area is under high alert. We hear the tail end of Tom's speech that they started at the end of the previous episode. Tom watches the various cable news “talking heads” questioning them and their ability. Tom is still trying to find their way around the White House meanwhile we see that people are still grieving after what happened.
Tom is still feeling overwhelmed by the responsibility. A large group of officials meets them in the Oval Office, trying to give them briefings but they are just arguing loudly to each other. Wanting some quiet, they leaf and goes to another room. Aaron and Emily walk in and Tom tells them that they want to get things in order by putting a cabinet together. Aaron and Emily argue about who should be Chief of Staff. Tom shares that they want to visit the bombing site.
Now we see Seth on their way to work but as they leaf, a pair of cops stop them as they are profiling them because they look like a Muslim. They don't believe they work for the White House. This pretty much set the tone for the rest of the episode. We learn that the police in Michigan are targeting Muslims as per the Governor's orders. They believe that they are keeping their people safe. Tom presses them on this but they don't recognize their authority and blows them off.
Apparently Tom wasn't the only Designated Survivor since we meet another one, a Congresswoman named Kimble Hookstraten (Virginia Madsen). It's odd since they seemingly have more experience than him. Despite that, they seem supportive of him. Tom suggests that they visit the bomb site together and they agree.
Wells still misses the person they lost in the bombing who appears to be their boyfriend. They walk into a large hall containing body bags with all the bombing victims. They learn that the bombs used parts from Russia and Iran. Aaron and Emily are discussing Cabinet choices. They have different approaches as Aaron goes with whatever is on paper and Emily goes by feelings. The Kirkmans are still getting used to being in the White House.
Tom is told that they believe they figured out who is responsible for the bombing but also reveal that they are only 75% sure. Tom, on the other hand, wants them to be 100% sure before they commit to anything. The FBI are rallying around the fact that they now know who is responsible but Wells is still skeptical. They believe the extra bomb they found was meant to point them in the wrong direction.
As Tom and Alex head to the bomb site, Leo is tasked to watch Penny and keep them away from the TV which of course doesn't happen. It's a very somber moment as Tom walks around for the first time. They get a briefing from the FBI but they keep put Wells' theory. Tom takes off their bulletproof vest as a sign of confidence. Tom makes a speech to the first responders as news of a Muslim boy beating by the police in Michigan comes out. Tom is saved by Aaron as they are bombarded with questions from the press. A man storms the barricade soon after with a gun and/or a bomb. Craziness ensues as Tom is being driven away.
We learn that the beaten boy is 17, the same age as Leo. Wells confronts them superior about leaving their theory out but they want more evidence first. To try and deal with the Michigan Governor Royce (Michael Gaston), Tom talks with some lawyers who don't give them any real solutions. Leo and Alex argue about the TV incident and they tell them that everyone's roles have changed and they need to grow up faster. The beaten boy from earlier is now dead.
Tom finally gets a hold of the Governor and manages to bluff them into stopping the police and releasing innocent prisoners. Tom talks to Seth about the earlier profiling incident but he's okay and refuses Tom's help. Tom talks to the dead boy's family while Seth walks by a vigil at the bombing site and they participate. Tom revisits the site more conspicuously. Wells is looking at pictures of the missing and the dead when we hear that they found a survivor.
Overall, this was another good episode, continuing with what the pilot started. With the shift in focus slightly away from Tom, things slowed down a little as we got to learn a little more about the story. The addition of Virginia Madsen as another Designated Survivor presented an interesting new dynamic. The Michigan subplot was okay as it showed Tom's ability to stand up for itself but it just felt a little lazy.
Score: 8/10
If you liked this, please read my other reviews here and don't forget to follow me on Twitter, follow me on Instagram, and also like me on Facebook.
*Note: These may come later on certain weeks as this show airs on the same day where I attend advanced screenings*
Advertisements
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
StumbleUpon
Tumblr
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Email
Print
Pocket
Telegram
WhatsApp
Skype
Like this: Like Loading...
Of all the honors a man can be granted--statues, tributes, whores--there's nothing like having your last name turned into a word to ensure your immortality. Your name will ring down through the ages, etched into the language itself, an eternal reminder of your achievements. Unless, of course, you earned the word because you fucked up so badly that the world just had to remember your horrible example. That's the case for guys like... Advertisement
8 John Duns Scotus The Word: Dunce Means: Dumbass The Man: John Duns Scotus was the closest thing fifteenth-century philosophy had to a rock star. With the chick magnet handle "Doctor Subtilis," they developed a subtle argument for the existence of God, the univocity of being and mounted a spirited defense for the Immaculate Conception as fact. They were beatified by the Pope for their intellectual work and also for the invention of the Catholic schoolgirl. Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Thanks, John! How it Happened: If the fifteenth century was Scotus's arena rock tour, the sixteenth was the sad crash and pathetic reunion tour playing state fairs and dives. Scotus's work was considered so awful that their middle name became synonymous with somebody incapable of scholarship, i.e. a dunce. Yes, you read that right, a philosopher responsible for big chunks of Catholic thought and beatified by the freakin' Pope was also the inspiration for a word denoting a moron. English. It's a cruel language, man.
Microsoft's Bing search engine has been evolving consistently since its debut back in 2009, and is now known for the gorgeous images displayed on its homepage each morning. Neowin had a chance to talk with Stefan Weitz and Robert Dietz from the Bing team who gave us insight into how the Bing team builds and designs their search engine.
When it comes to building a search engine, the design and philosophy behind the service are nearly as important as the search results. But staying modern with your search design is not easy, as Stefan proclaimed, as search is constantly evolving; in their words, "the web of today, is much less a collection of pages and links and is much more like a high digital proxy of the real world".
More importantly, not only does Bing have to think about what content to include in your search results, but how to display that information on your monitor and all of the mobile solutions that view the results as well. Considering that Bing is available on everything from a Windows Phone to your Xbox, making design changes to the service requires significant consideration on how it will be implemented on each type of device.
The way the Bing team thinks about design and user experience is that the web is not a static block of text and content but rather a flowing piece of fabric, and the team must observe and predict its movements so that it can be prepared for changes in user preferences. For example, a few years ago if you searched the name of your favorite restaurant, you might expect to find a listing for the phone number and address for the venue. Today, users expect to be able to have deep links to reservation pages or links to open an app that will allow them to see the menu at the location.
But how do you display these additional deep links, when do you display them, and should you even display them at all based on the search terms? These are the questions that Bing is constantly trying to foresee as the web evolves so that Bing is ready for how user preferences change, and so that the service evolves along with our expectations.
It is within this evolution that the Bing team is trying to help push Bing forward but without appearing intrusive, in the way that some feels Google is the 'Big Brother' of the Internet.
The Bing team tries to predict what your next action will be after you enter your query and then give you that information so that your search experience requires less clicking and eye panning. In fact, from search to first click takes approximately 20 seconds but the Bing team is working to reduce that by giving you the next bit of information you need, before you know you need it. Robert Dietz said that they want you to find what you are looking for and then have Bing already populate your next steps but also keep the interface as simple as possible.
If you begin to think in that type of mindset, in an action+1 scenario, design becomes increasing complex as you now have the initial query but then you also have to display the next steps for the end user. But where do you display that content so that it does not distract from the primary query? To find the answer to that question, you conduct field trials to observe user trends and obtain feedback.
Image of legacy version of Bing.com courtesy of bing-seo.net
Microsoft is constantly testing new designs and feature changes on Bing.com to keep the service on the cutting edge of usability and performance so that the end user has the best experience on the market. Because Microsoft is the number 2 player in the market, according to Stefan, the company can be agile and nimble with its tweaks and can constantly push the envelope of design and performance as it hacks away at Google's market share. On the flip side, because Google is the largest player and consumers have long become accustomed to the basic feel of the layout, when Google creates changes, they have to be far more conservative to not upset their user base and thus, can become a bit stagnant on their design approach to continue to appease the masses.
Bing refers to these field tests as 'flights' and when they combine multiple updates, usually consisting of 5 or more flights, it is called a 'superflight'. As you might have guessed, visual changes tend to have the most impact, according to Robert, but framework changes often go unnoticed. Because of this, it's easier for Bing to tweak search results than it is the design. In the last superflight that involved visual changea, there were 51 field trials before the change was implemented on Bing.com
When you think about how search has evolved over the years, it becomes clear that the process of search is no longer about a simple text box where you place a few keywords and hope to find the results to satisfy your query. Today, search is evolving at a rapid pace as new platforms emerge (Facebook, Twitter, Klout) that require indexing but at the same time, you can't simply inject this data into traditional search results as the information is contextually sensitive.
It's this contextually sensitive data that Bing is currently working to find the right balance of information with; usefulness but without becoming overbearing by shoving social data where it does not belong. At this time, Bing receives 2 billion data points from Facebook each day, but pairing that information up with the right search queries is not an easy task. As such, Bing is constantly tweaking and listening to user feedback about when social data is applicable and when it should be hidden, where it serves no real purpose.
But Bing will argue that social data is worth including on many queries. For example, if you search Bing for café recommendations in Paris, you can get your standard web results but it's also possible that someone you know also has recommendations that may be more relevant to your needs. The idea of searching contextual content and then pairing it with real life information is a huge arena that Bing is working to perfect. It's not an easy task to bring all of this together, as Stefan and Robert point out that getting this information wrong is an instant black eye for the service - but when you get it right, the user experience is phenomenal.
Along with social data, push/predictive text is one of the new hot trends in search. Stefan was able to share that the predictive text, at this given time, is only about 85% accurate. While that percentage is quite good, when you get it wrong, it hurts the brand image considerably. When push/predictive text provides you with the wrong information, there is a 6x hit to the brands reputation from when you get this information correct. It's one of the many areas that the Bing team is working to increase their win ratios but at the same time, you can't be too aggressive in this area or it becomes a barrier to use for some consumers.
For Microsoft, Bing is evolving to be able to query any type of medium from text to gesture support. As we move down the road from text-based searches to snapping images of a laptop to learn more about its specs, know that the Bing team is already planning for such features and will implement them when the time is right.
While Bing may not have the lion's share of the market, it is making significant strides in usability and, more importantly, search results, and does offer a compelling alternative to Google.
Neowin would like to thank Stefan Weitz and Robert Dietz for taking time to give us an inside look at Bing.
This girl got the perfect revenge on their ex when they asked for their money back
Everyone needs a hero.
Someone to look up to. Someone to take after. Someone whose actions inspire the rest of us to be bigger, brighter, bolder. Today, that someone is a young woman named Harriet.
Harriet appears to have been the unfortunate victim of cheating. Many of us have been there, many of us know the pain it causes. It's one of the worst things you can do in a relationship, and those who have been hurt have no doubt fantasised about taking revenge.
Fortunately for Harriet, they were gifted the opportunity to do just that.
The couple had plans to go and see Justin Bieber, but Dan's alleged indiscretion has cost them this wonderful evening.
Dan needs the money, and Harriet agrees to pay them back. But Dan did a bad thing, and bad things must be punished.
Harriet hasn't explicitly stated the sum that they 'owes' Dan, but they alluded to the fact that it would take 17 years to pay them back. A quick bit of maths reveals that the amount is around the £62 mark.
And to prove they aren't joking...
Once they posted the burn, the internet burst into a figurative round of applause
Ahahahah this is so funny😂😂 u go gurl💅🏽 — ellie (@EllieArmitagex) October 21, 2016
Harriet, we salute you
If working on League of Legends for this long has taught us anything, its that when it comes to building a champion, it pays to have an eye for quality. Well, whether youre a hextech enthusiast or youre just in the market for a new watch, if youve got any appreciation for fine craftsmanship you should have a look at Orianna, the Clockwork Girl and their pet ball. Thats right, we said pet ball! And while it might be strange to see a metal lady walking around everywhere with a mechanical sphere, were willing to wager that once you see what they can do with it youll be in the market for a pet ball yourself. Just dont tell your friends youre headed down to the jewelers for a new pet. They might look at you funny.
BY: Follow @LizWFB
The National Science Foundation is spending over $130,000 on a study that asks four-year-olds about their "internal sense of gender identity."
A grant for a two-year study was awarded to the University of Washington this summer. The project will interview 250 children aged four to six, and their parents, asking a series of questions about "gendered behavior."
"Prominent theories of gender development have discussed the degree to which gender identity results from an internal sense of gender and socialization processes," according to the grant. "However, tests of these theories have been limited because, for most children, internal gender identity and environmental socialization substantially overlap, rendering it impossible to distinguish the relative impact of each factor on gender development."
The study will investigate whether gender theories, such as Gender Schema Theory that blames society on differences between genders, are sufficient for today's "wider range of human gender experiences," where there can be anywhere between 3, 37, and 58 genders.
Among the study's questions asked of preschoolers includes what gender toys they play with.
"The project will involve asking 250, 4- to 6-year olds and their parents to complete a battery of measures assessing early and current gender socialization, children's internal sense of gender identity, children's gendered behavior (e.g., preferences for gender-typed toys) and measures of related gender cognition (e.g., memory for gender-consistent vs. inconsistent behaviors)," the grant states. "These measures will allow the researchers to examine the relative contributions of internal gender identity and socialization and ultimately provide a more comprehensive theory accounting for early gender development."
The University of Washington received $138,000 for the project in July. The study will continue through June 2019.
Kristina Olson and Selin Gülgöz, two researchers at the university, are leading the study. Both are involved with the school's "TransYouth Project," a longitudinal study of gender development and mental health of transgender children.
The TransYouth Project was featured in the Katie Couric documentary for National Geographic, Gender Revolution.
"Our current research study is recruiting children aged 3–12 who are transgender, gender nonconforming, and siblings of gender nonconforming children," the website for the project states.
Two new articles provide further evidence that we have hugely underestimated the number of species with which we share our planet. Today sophisticated genetic techniques mean that superficially identical animals previously classed as members of a single species, including the frogs and giraffes in these studies, could in fact come from several distinct 'cryptic' species.
In the Upper Amazon, Kathryn Elmer and Stephen Lougheed working at Queen's University, Kingston, Canada teamed up with José Dávila from Instituto de Investigación en Recursos Cinegéticos, Cuidad Real, Spain to investigate the terrestrial leaflitter frog (Eleutherodactylus ockendeni) at 13 locations across Ecuador.
Looking at the frogs' mitochondrial and nuclear DNA, the researchers found three distinct species, which look very much alike. These species have distinct geographic distributions, but these don't correspond to modern landscape barriers. Coupled with phylogenetic analyses, this suggests they diverged before the Ecuadorean Andes arose, in the Miocene period over 5.3 million years ago.
"Our research coupled with other studies suggests that species richness in the upper Amazon is drastically underestimated by current inventories based on morphospecies," say the authors.
And in Africa, an interdisciplinary team from the University of California, Los Angeles, Omaha's Henry Doorly Zoo, and the Mpala Research Centre in Kenya has found that there may be more to the giraffe than meets the eye, too.
Their analysis of nuclear and mitochondrial DNA shows at least six genealogically distinct lineages of giraffe in Africa, with little evidence of interbreeding between them. Further divisions within these groups mean that in total the researchers have spotted 11 genetically distinct populations.
"Such extreme genetic subdivision within a large vertebrate with high dispersal capabilities is unprecedented and exceeds that of any other large African mammal," says graduate student David Brown, first author of the study. The researchers estimate that the giraffe populations they surveyed have been genetically distinct for between 0.13 and 1.62 million years. The findings have serious implications for giraffe conservation because some among these subgroups have as few as 100 members, making them highly endangered -- if not yet officially recognised -- species.
Journal articles:
Cryptic diversity and deep divergence in an upper Amazonian frog, Eleutherodactylus ockendeni. Kathryn R Elmer, Jose A Davila and Stephen C Lougheed. BMC Evolutionary Biology (in press)
Extensive Population Genetic Structure in the Giraffe. David M Brown, Rick A Brenneman, Klaus-Peter Koepfli, John P Pollinger, Borja Mila, Nicholas J Georgiadis, Edward E Louis Jr, Gregory F Grether, David K Jacobs and Robert K Wayne. BMC Biology (in press) http://www.biomedcentral.com/bmcevolbiol/
More than a dozen people were killed after a blast at a gas pipeline operated by GAIL in Andhra Pradesh. (Representative image)
15 people were killed and 18 injured when a massive blaze raged through a village in Andhra Pradesh's East Godavari district following a blast in an apparently leaking gas pipeline this morning.
"Bodies of 13 people charred in the incident were recovered from the gutted houses. Two others succumbed to their burn injuries while undergoing treatment at different hospitals," Amalapuram DSP M Veera Reddy said.
18 injured people were shifted to different hospitals in the district, another police officer said, adding the deceased include five women, three girls and a boy.
The leaping flames from the state-run Gas Authority of India Limited (GAIL) pipeline at Nagram village in Mamidikuduru Mandal of the district quickly swept through nearby houses and coconut plantations, leaving behind a trail of destruction.
"The blast and subsequent blaze which started around 5 AM spread swiftly engulfing houses, coconut farms and vehicles parked in the vicinity. In 15 minutes everything was gutted," the police officer said.
The fire got apparently triggered when a tea shop vendor lit up a stove, setting off a blast, IGP North Coastal Zone Atul Singh said.
A GAIL official, however, quoted its Chairman B C Tripathi as saying, "The exact cause of the blast is not immediately known. After an inquiry only we will get the details and cause of the blast."
An 18-inch pipeline feeds gas to Lanco's Kondapalli power plant near Vijaywada.
Petroleum Minister Dharmendra Pradhan has ordered a high-level inquiry headed by a Joint Secretary in their ministry. The probe panel will have officials of Oil Industry Safety Directorate, NDMA and Hindustan Petroleum Corp Ltd (HPCL) as members but GAIL and ONGC, from whose fields gas was being supplied, have been kept out of it.
The blaze occurred barely a few hundred metres from ONGC's Tatipaka Refinery located at the village.
"The gas pipeline has been shut. Fire has been controlled. This is a very serious situation and I have ordered a high-level inquiry into the incident," Pradhan, who is scheduled to visit the scene, told reporters in Delhi.
Petroleum Secretary Saurabh Chandra, GAIL Chairman B C Tripathi and ONGC Chairman D K Sarraf are scheduled to accompany him.
President Pranab Mukherjee, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Congress chief Sonia Gandhi have condoled the loss of lives in the tragedy.
Modi has announced an ex-gratia relief of Rs two lakh from the PM's Relief Fund for the next of the kin of those killed.
"My thoughts (are) with the families of those who lost their lives in the GAIL pipeline fire in AP. (My) prayers (are) with the injured," Modi said.
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu has also ordered an inquiry into the incident. Naidu, who is in Delhi, is rushing to the spot after cuttting short their trip.
Naidu spoke to Deputy Chief Minister N Chinarajappa and East Godavari district Collector Neetu Prasad over phone and directed them to provide the best medical facilities to the injured.
Chinarajappa, who has reached the spot, said a comprehensive inquiry will be conducted into the incident.
"The state government will conduct a comprehensive inquiry. All help will be provided to the blast-affected persons," said Chinarajappa, who is also the state Home Minister.
Meanwhile, angry villagers tried to attack the local office of GAIL with stones but timely action by the police thwarted their attempts.
Some villagers alleged foul smell of gas was being felt by many since last night but officials took no action.
They complained about lax attention towards safety despite the pipeline running through residential areas of the village.
"The local residents are angry because they feel that the GAIL authorities did not bother though smell was coming from the rusting pipeline. Home Minister (N Chinarajappa) and district officials are talking to them," Finance Minister Y Ramakrishnudu said.
When asked about villagers' claim about foul smell of gas emanating from the pipeline since last night, a police officer said it needed to be verified. "A detailed probe is on," they said.
The gender pay gap for full-time workers is smallest in the nation's capital, according to data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
For all full-time wage and salary workers across the country, women's median weekly wages were 80.2 percent of men's last year. But there is considerable variation among the states.
The map above shows median usual weekly earnings for women as a percent of those for men, for all full-time wage and salary workers in 2009.
As you can see, in the District of Columbia, the median weekly wage of full-time women workers is 96.5 percent of that for their male counterparts, far and away the most parity in the country. Coming in second is California, where women who work full-time earn 88.7 percent of what men make.
At the other end is Louisiana, where, among full-time workers, women earn 65 percent of what men bring in.
Once again, these numbers do not control for the types of jobs that men versus women go into. Additionally, as we explored on Friday, the picture might look very different if we were looking only at part-time jobs, where women tend to earn more than men.
Now that you've decided to add housesitting as one of your options to travel the world for free, you need to create a profile that will make homeowners trust you. And today, I am going to teach you how.
I didn't have any idea that venturing into house sitting would be really difficult. Homeowners prefer sitters who have previous experience and references — so what if you are new? What if you've never house-sat before? Would there be a chance that you'll be able to land one?
I am not sure, to be honest. I don't have any idea how homeowners choose their sitters (aside from profile references from previous homeowners) but I think having a well-presented profile will really help. First, sign up with Trusted House Sitters, a website where homeowners and sitters all over the world connect. Once you've completed the signing up process, the following tips will help:
CLOSE Ohio Sen. Rob Portman and Hamilton County Coroner Lakshmi Sammarco talk about the opiod problem in our region. Heroin, cocaine, marijuana, it's all laced with something, they say. Liz Dufour
Marijuana from a recent arrest in Cincinnati. (Photo: Liz Dufour)
As the deadly synthetic opiate fentanyl snakes through the drug supply across the nation, rumors of marijuana laced with it are making their way across social media.
On Monday, U.S. Sen. Rob Portman and Dr. Lakshmi Sammarco, Hamilton County's coroner, said that marijuana, like any drug, could be a threat.
Here's what you should know:
Social media posts saying fentanyl is in marijuana have ballooned over the past several weeks.
Nonetheless, no authorities reached by The Enquirer could confirm this is the case.
"In regard to marijuana, I'm not familiar with that," U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration spokesperson Melvin Patterson said. He'd heard of no cases of fentanyl in marijuana. "There could be," they said.
Lt. Tom Fallon, a Hamilton County Heroin Coalition investigator, said they checked with the county's narcotics officers and found that so far, no fentanyl/marijuana combination has been spotted in street drugs they've seized.
Newtown Police Chief Tom Synan, a law enforcement spokesperson for the heroin coalition, said they have seen posts on social media about it. He's had a parent come tell them of a case of marijuana laced with the synthetic opioid fentanyl. But so far, they have had no information confirming these reports.
The Hamilton County Coroner's Office has not reported any deaths attributed to fentanyl-laced marijuana.
The Cuyahoga County Medical Examiner's office has had zero such cases of overdose, as of Monday.
None of the suspicion is off the mark, however, Portman and Sammarco agreed. "We can't tell you for sure until we test the blood of somebody who's died. So, just count on it being there, and just don't use it," Sammarco said.
Hamilton County was among the first counties in the nation to spot the deadly elephant synthetic opiate carfentanil in the heroin stream, in July 2016. What followed was a barrage of overdoses in August, September and October. Some people died with carfentanil in their blood. Some hospital emergency department doctors said they were sure that carfentanil had hit people who'd overdosed and survived.
Portman on Monday continued to emphasize a need to increase the availability of naloxone, the non-narcotic that can restore breathing, preventing death in those who've overdosed from heroin or other opioids.
They pushed their bill that would require better tracking of U.S. Postal Service packages coming into the country from overseas. Most fentanyl is coming from China. Some is purchased online. Some is sent by mail and picked up by drug dealers. A Norwood couple is accused of using the dark web to do just that and faced a federal court hearing last week.
NEWSLETTERS Get the News Alerts newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Be the first to be informed of important news as it happens in Greater Cincinnati. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-876-4500. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for News Alerts Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Fentanyl has been spotted in cocaine-related overdose deaths and in the sales stream in the Hamilton County area.
"We are in a better position than we ever have been to find new trends with all the data collection and sharing of information with all of our partners we do now that we hopefully would spot a new trend like that … hopefully sooner than later," said Synan, the Newtown police chief. If so, they said, the coalition would "get that information out."
"I think we have learned with the introduction of carfentanil that when it comes to drugs," they said, "you never say never."
Read or Share this story: https://www.cincinnati.com/story/news/2017/06/19/marijuana-fentanyl-mix-possibility-heres-what-you-should-know/408879001/
SALT LAKE CITY — When you walk through the front door, you're likely to be hit with a joke.
"I tell the story about the Scotsman and the Englishman," said Eric Gilzean. "The Englishman was bragging about how they were English. And they said, 'I was born an Englishman, I'm living as an Englishman, I'm going to die as an Englishman.' And the Scotsman said, 'Man, have you no ambition at all?'"
Gilzean runs Edinburgh Castle Scottish Imports, a store in the most unlikely of places.
"It's something that doesn't look like it should be here," they said.
It's a store with constant musical accompaniment, provided by speakers emitting the drone of bagpipes.
"Well, it lets people know this place is Scottish, in case they never noticed," Gilzean joked.
It's a store owned by a man with a name most have never heard before.
"It's kind of a Gaelic name," Gilzean said. "You don't spell it, you gargle it."
Gilzean's happy to admit many customers find this store a bit weird.
"As long as they don't think I'm weird," they laughed.
He's certainly not weird, but you won't find many storeowners in Utah who wear a kilt to work, even if they only puts it on for special occasions.
"I just wore this because I knew you were coming," Gilzean said.
It's easy to tell from their accent that he's not from around here, but Gilzean's made Utah their home. They followed their wife here 62 years ago, but never forgot where they came from.
Eric Gilzean, behind the counter at Edinburgh Castle Scottish Imports. (Photo: Ray Boone)
"I kept going back to Scotland on visits," they said. "Friends of mine used to say, 'By the way, could you bring me a Harris tweed jacket, 44 regular?'"
With every trip across the Atlantic, Gilzean became more and more of a pack mule, fulfilling all sorts of requests for Scottish goods. A fellow Scotsman told Gilzean they were missing out — why not turn their heritage into a business?
"The free enterprise system works even for Scottish people, you know?" joked Gilzean.
He's run stores in Trolley Square and Park City, but he's been on downtown Salt Lake City's Main Street since 1987, selling scarves, pocket watches, and that old Scottish staple: hats.
"Our top seller is hats and caps," Gilzean said.
But running a store like this means customers having asking the same question time and time again.
"Who's going to buy Scottish goods?" said Gilzean, repeating what they hear nearly every day. They see their share of curious customers, but they also do business all across the country.
Eric Gilzean (Photo: Ray Boone/KSL-TV)
"Had a daughter that was fiddlin' around with computers. They said, 'You ought to get online, you know,'" said Gilzean. "I went down to BYU, and there was a fellow giving a talk about how to get a computer in your business. We got a computer, and then bingo, away we go."
Gilzean got into the Internet in its early years. They say their website's helped keep them afloat since the '90s — not just through sales, but through rentals.
"When that movie 'Braveheart' came over, there was an influx of weddings with kilts," they said. "That has never really abated."
Gilzean's proud of their heritage, but he's equally proud of their age, clocking in at 86 years old. Most people their age have been retired for 20 years.
"That's right, and they're sitting in rest homes looking at the wall," Gilzean said.
For four days a week, Edinburgh Castle is their home, and they have no plans of stopping.
"Just keep going 'till I drop, yes?"
So until they drop, you'll find Gilzean here, entertaining their customers and spreading their humor and heritage in the most unlikely of places.
Ray Boone is a photojournalist for KSL-TV. Contact them at rboone@ksl.com
×
Photos
Related Links
By John Vibes
This week, it was reported that drug sales on the dark web have tripled since the infamous Silk Road was shut down in 2013.
Within hours of the Silk Road takedown, there were several competitors that were already on the dark web who were ready to move in on the newly available business.
Stijn Hoorens of the RAND corporation recently published a study showing how this growth has occurred despite government intervention.
“Cryptomarkets essentially work similarly to online eCommerce platforms, such as Amazon, but they require encryption software to access and payment in bitcoins. They are dominated by advertisements for illicit substances,” Hoorens explained in a recent press release.
“The closure of Silk Road has not curbed the growth of these cryptomarkets, as more markets continue to be created and more illicit drugs are being bought online. This is despite several high-profile law enforcement interventions and exit scams by market administrators. Cryptomarkets are often online only for several months and users seem to be operating under the assumption that they could be closed at any moment,” Hoorens said.
This constant reinvention of the Silk Road brand, and the myriad of spin-off marketplaces is reminiscent of the battle that took place between online file sharing websites and the global record and film industries. Whenever the government took down a file sharing site, ten more would spring up in its place, making it very difficult for authorities to keep up with the overgrowing connectivity that the internet provides.
Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets
According to the press release, other findings from the study showed the following:
Cryptomarkets were dominated by vendors from the U.S. (35.9 per cent of total drug revenues), the U.K (16.1 per cent), Australia (10.6 per cent), Germany (8.4 per cent) and the Netherlands (7.1 per cent).
The Netherlands had the highest revenues per capita for illicit drug sales on cryptomarkets, with the country dominating sales of psychedelic drugs, such as MDMA and ecstasy.
More than half of the vendors made more than $1,000 (€877.2)* per month and the most successful vendor made an estimated $276,230 (€242,307)* in January 2016, a 10-fold increase over the most successful vendor in 2013.
Vendors have creatively adjusted their behaviour to avoid detection, such as changes in shipping practices.
Buyers were attracted to cryptomarkets to purchase drugs because of a perceived increase in safety, improved quality and variety, and ease and speed of delivery.
The fact that the Silk Road makes buying and selling drugs safer than the black market is not debatable. However, Hoorens contends that this issue could not be resolved for certain.
“The evidence on the full impact of cryptomarkets remains inconclusive. Some have argued that cryptomarkets reduce violence from the drug supply chain, but others believe that it may offer a new, often young, consumer base easy access to drug markets. Law enforcement agencies that try to curb these markets can use a combination of traditional surveillance operations, postal detection and interception during shipping, and online detection and tracking of the cryptomarkets,” Hoorens said.
Avoiding The Eye - Ships Free Today! Meanwhile, Silk Road founder Ross Ulbricht remains behind bars serving a life sentence — because they created a website. Ulbricht is among many tech outlaws who found themselves on the wrong side of the law, despite the fact that they never actually committed any crimes. Most of the original founders of the Pirate Bay are now behind bars on trumped up charges. Many of them were chased to the ends of the earth by international police and arrested on the borders of places like Cambodia and Thailand where they were forced into hiding. Even John McAfee, the antivirus guru, was allegedly set up for murder in Belize while they were said to be working on NSA-proof software. Likewise, encryption developers are regularly shut down and taken to court by government. Cody Wilson, founder of Defense Distributed has had assets seized, equipment withheld, and websites shut down for pushing the boundaries of 3D printing. It is fascinating to think of Mark Zuckerberg fleeing to Cambodia and getting arrested by international police at the border. Like them, they are a web developer who owns a website that has changed the world. However, their ideas can be used by the state, and they are willing to play ball with them, so they don't become public enemy #1. However, if you find a way to harness technology that diminishes the power of the state, then you become a target. This is why the founders of sites like the Silk Road or the Pirate Bay become outlaws, while Mark Zuckerberg becomes a celebrity. This is also why drones that deliver packages or fast food are demonized in the media, while weaponized war drones are presented as just another fact of life. Furthermore, this is why the battle to push technology in the right direction is so important. John Vibes writes for TheFreeThoughtProject.com, where this article first appeared.  They are an author and researcher who organizes a number of large events including the Free Your Mind Conference. They also have a publishing company where they offer a censorship free platform for both fiction and non-fiction writers. You can contact them and stay connected to their work at their Facebook page. John is currently battling cancer naturally, without any chemo or radiation, and will be working to help others through their experience, if you wish to contribute to their treatments please donate here. Visit the Activist Post Silk Road Archive HERE
The endless search for pitching means that most of baseball's top 10 right-handed pitching prospects were in high demand as amateurs. Five of the 10 hurlers were first-round picks and seven of them received a seven-figure bonus, with Jose De Leon (who signed for $35,000 as a 24th-rounder out of Southern University) the only one of the who emerged from obscurity.
MLBPipeline.com will unveil its 2016 Top 100 Prospects list on Friday, Jan. 29, on MLB.com. The Top 50 will be revealed during a one-hour show on MLB Network at 9 p.m. ET. Leading up to the release, we look at baseball's top 10 prospects at each position .
MLBPipeline.com will unveil its 2016 Top 100 Prospects list on Friday, Jan. 29, on MLB.com. The Top 50 will be revealed during a one-hour show on MLB Network at 9 p.m. ET. Leading up to the release, we look at baseball's top 10 prospects at each position.
The endless search for pitching means that most of baseball's top 10 right-handed pitching prospects were in high demand as amateurs. Five of the 10 hurlers were first-round picks and seven of them received a seven-figure bonus, with Jose De Leon (who signed for $35,000 as a 24th-rounder out of Southern University) the only one of the who emerged from obscurity.
• Scouting reports, grades, stats and video on Prospect Watch
Top 10 Prospects by Position
Lucas Giolito repeats as the No. 1 righty from a year ago, while Tyler Glasnow moves up from No. 3 to No. 2. The first four right-handers on our list, a group that also includes Alex Reyes and Jose Berrios, have been developed carefully and patiently by their clubs to this point. That could change in 2016, when all of them could make their big league debut.
1. Lucas Giolito, Nationals
Giolito could have been the first high school righty drafted No. 1 overall, but they injured their right elbow as a senior in 2012 and required Tommy John surgery. That didn't deter Washington from spending a first-round pick and $2,925,000 on Giolito, and the payoff has been an almost-certain ace with no discernible flaw. Giolito has a fastball that can reach 100 mph, a wipeout curveball and a promising changeup, not to mention command, size and smarts.
Video: Top Prospects: Lucas Giolito, RHP, Nationals
2. Tyler Glasnow, Pirates
Hitters never seem to square up Glasnow's fastball, which sits in the mid-90s with life and arrives on a steep downhill plane because he's 6-foot-8. It has taken Glasnow some time to grown into their large frame, but they have continued to improve their curveball, changeup and control each year, and they eventually should slot in behind Gerrit Cole as Pittsburgh's No. 2 starter.
Video: Top Prospects: Tyler Glasnow, RHP, Pirates
3. Alex Reyes, Cardinals
Reyes gained little exposure as a New Jersey high schooler, so they moved to the Dominican Republic before their senior year and saw their stock skyrocket when they became a full-time pitcher. Reyes is still a bit raw, but they can hit 100 mph with their fastball and back it up with a hammer curveball. They were clearly the best prospect in the Arizona Fall League this offseason, though they also got suspended for 50 games after a second positive test for a drug of abuse that they say was marijuana.
Video: Top Prospects: Alex Reyes, RHP, Cardinals
4. Jose Berrios, Twins
Despite contending until season's end and needing rotation help, Minnesota curiously didn't promote Berrios, who led the Minors with 175 strikeouts and started their second consecutive SiriusXM All-Star Futures Game. The highest-drafted (32nd overall) Puerto Rican pitcher of all-time, they have the potential for three plus pitches and throws them all for strikes.
Video: Top Prospects: Jose Berrios, RHP, Twins
5. Jose De Leon, Dodgers
De Leon has skyrocketed from their lowly Draft status and a 6.96 ERA in their pro debut to leading the Minors with 12.8 strikeouts per nine innings and reaching Double-A in 2015, just two years later. De Leon's stuff and command have gotten a lot better since they improved their conditioning and mechanics, giving them a riding 92-96 mph fastball, a plus changeup and an effective if inconsistent slider.
Video: Top Prospects: Jose De Leon, RHP, Dodgers
6. Jon Gray, Rockies
The lone member of this list to have reached the Majors, Gray may have the best pure stuff in franchise history, with a heavy fastball that has been clocked at 102 mph, a nasty slider and a sinking changeup. Also the highest-drafted righty in the Top 10 (No. 3 overall in 2013), he'll need to refine their command to become a front-line starter and survive Coors Field.
Video: Top Prospects: Jon Gray, RHP, Rockies
7. Robert Stephenson, Reds
Cincinnati went with an all-rookie rotation in the second half of the 2015 season, and its most promising arm has yet to arrive but is on the verge. Stephenson has knockout stuff -- with a mid-90s fastball, a curveball that's devastating at times and a much-improved changeup -- though they don't dominate as much as they should because he's still figuring out command.
Video: Top Prospects: Robert Stephenson, RHP, Reds
8. Dillon Tate, Rangers
The highest-drafted player to have come through MLB's Urban Youth Academy, Tate progressed from pitching just three innings as a UC Santa Barbara first-year student in 2013 to the No. 4 overall pick last June. With their live 92-98 mph fastball, sharp upper-80s slider and athleticism, they could advance very quickly.
Video: Top Prospects: Dillon Tate, RHP, Rangers
9. Carson Fulmer, White Sox
The ace of Vanderbilt teams that won the 2014 College World Series and finished runner-up in '15, they topped NCAA Division I with 14 victories and ranked second with 167 strikeouts last season. The No. 8 overall choice in last year's Draft, Fulmer has a mid-90s fastball, a power curveball and off-the-charts makeup, so he's on the fast track to Chicago, like Chris Sale and Carlos Rodon were.
Video: Top Prospects: Carson Fulmer, RHP, White Sox
10. Anderson Espinoza, Red Sox
The consensus the best pitcher on the 2014-15 international amateur market already looks better than expected. Signed for $1.8 million -- doubling the Venezuelan bonus record set by Francisco Rodriguez 16 years earlier -- Espinoza advanced to low Class A at age 17 in their pro debut, hitting triple digits with their fastball and showing advanced secondary pitches and command.
Video: Top Prospects: Anderson Espinoza, RHP, Red Sox
Next up
A Rookie-ball unknown when the Astros got them thrown into their Jarred Cosart trade with the Marlins in July 2014, Francis Martes rocketed to Double-A at age 19 a year later. With their fastball jumping to 93-98 mph and their curveball becoming a true weapon, they became the best pitching prospect in the system and enabled Houston to deal Vincent Velazquez and former No. 1 overall choice Mark Appel to Philadelphia for Ken Giles in December.
Video: Top Prospects: Francis Martes, RHP, Astros
In the mix to go No. 1 overall in the 2014 Draft before they blew out their elbow, Jeff Hoffman went No. 9 to the Blue Jays despite having Tommy John surgery, and they quickly reached Double-A in their pro debut last year. Traded to the Rockies in the Troy Tulowitzki deal in July, they have a chance to have three plus pitches (mid-90s sinker, big-breaking curveball, changeup) and throws strikes, but they need to miss more bats.
Robert Doggart Photo by Contributed Photo /Times Free Press.
Robert Doggart had a busy March 2015, according to the federal prosecutors who want to put them behind bars.
Two days after the Federal Bureau of Investigation began recording their calls, the 65-year-old from Sequatchie County, Tenn., drove to Nashville to pick up a friend he'd met on the internet. They went to Ruby Tuesday's for lunch. And while Drake and Adele songs played over speakers, while waiters visited tables, Doggart outlined their plan to attack a Muslim community called Islamberg in upstate New York.
"The reason I brought these weapons was I wanted you to see them," Doggart told the man. "I guess I can tell ya — I've killed people before."
The man, whose first name was also "Robert," was an FBI informant. And the FBI was listening that day and several others, federal prosecutors told jurors Tuesday during the second day of Doggart's trial. The former 2014 congressional candidate and former contractor at TVA's Bellefonte Nuclear Power Plant was arrested in April 2015 and faces one count of solicitation to commit arson of a building, one count of solicitation to commit a civil rights violation, and two counts of threat in interstate commerce, records show.
Their conversations didn't end there, said prosecutors, who played a number of edited calls to jurors. The same day they visited the informant in Nashville, Doggart called their sister in St. Petersburg, Fla.
"Getting ready to go to bed," they told him. "What are you doing?"
"I just got in from my super long day," they said. "I had some guys fly in from Texas to meet me about my little project. So I drove to Nashville to lay out the strategy, tactics, weapons, types of bullets, escape routes, our objectives. All those things."
The reply was disinterested. "OK," they said.
Three days later, Doggart phoned a man who claimed they were the leader of a Texas militia at 1:20 in the morning and left a voicemail: "I was unable to establish that secure line because I'm not aware of how to do that. At this point, I don't care how important security is because the National Security Agency and Homeland Security already listen to all of my telephone calls and computer communications. And they're listening to this phone call, so I might as well say 'Hello' one more time."
As Doggart's defense attorneys argued, Doggart exaggerated or lied about a number of things in several phone calls.
They only met with one man in Nashville, not the multiple "guys" like they told their sister. They never served in the military, even though they told the informant in Nashville that a commander embraced them like a son during their multiple-year career in the Navy. There was no evidence they had ever killed anybody, FBI agent James Smith said. And, neither the NSA nor DHS were monitoring their communications before the FBI stepped in, Smith added.
Doggart did use a go-to speech in March while they were trying to recruit people to join their 10-man squad, defense attorney Garth Best said. Because they were convinced Islamberg was planning to poison the Delaware River or attack New York City, Doggart wanted to scope out the area first, Best said. And during that planning period, they would often say, "We will be cruel to them. They will know who we are."
Doggart cribbed that line, however, from the Quentin Tarantino movie, "Inglourious Basterds," Best said.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Perry Piper, who played all the calls, didn't dispute that point, but argued that Doggart was still capable of violence.
They asked jurors to examine a letter that federal agents found in Doggart's home during their arrest in April 2015. One month later, before they could carry out their attack, Doggart's speech had evolved, Piper said. It now included graphic threats toward Muslims about vanquishing their "evil," and wanting to see their "deformed" and "bullet-ridden" bodies taken off the Earth.
Doggart's trial, expected to last a week, continues this morning in U.S. District Judge Curtis Collier's courtroom at 9 a.m.
Contact staff writer Zack Peterson at zpeterson@timesfreepress.com or 423-757-6347. Follow them on Twitter @zackpeterson918.
Updated Feb. 8 at 11:10 p.m. with additional information.
Get the biggest Manchester United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Nani claims Manchester United target William Carvalho is ready to move to the Premier League.
The Sporting Lisbon midfielder has been monitored by Louis van Gaal as the Dutchman looks to sign a top class enforcer this summer.
Kevin Strootman remains the United manager's first choice - but fresh injury concerns over the Roma player, have forced Van Gaal to consider alternative options.
United is reluctant to enter into a bidding war for Paul Pogba, who left Old Trafford for Juventus in 2012.
And in a summer when Van Gaal will attempt to land superstar names like Gareth Bale, Carvalho could prove a cheaper alternative to Strootman and Pogba.
Nani has been on loan at Sporting this season and believes the £30m-rated Portuguese international could be a success at United.
“He is a great player,” the winger told the the Mail. “He has a lot of quality.
“I think at the end of this season they will be prepared to play in the Premier League.
“I think if Manchester United are interested it's a good chance.”
Carvalho said last month: “My dream is to play in England.
“I know some clubs are interested, but my agent Jorge (Mendes) is looking after it and I am relaxed.”
Van Gaal will be handed a budget in the region of £150m at the end of the season.
They have admitted that signing a world class midfielder is a priority after being forced to play Wayne Rooney in a withdrawn role for much of the campaign.
Despite United spending a combined £107.4m on Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata, Ander Herrera and Daley Blind in the past 18 months, Van Gaal still believes they are short in the midfield department.
Strootman was one of the first names they identified when taking over at Old Trafford last summer. But the Dutchman's cruciate ligament injury meant United had to shelve a bid until seeing if they could make a full recovery.
The 25-year-old returned to action in November, but suffered a fresh set back last month, resulting in further surgery.
Now former Roma club doctor Mario Brozzi has raised fears over Strootman's long-term future.
“I don't know what happened to their knee, but their Cyclops syndrome results from a problem in the ligament's position,” Brozzi told Gold TV. “My impression is that the surgery on Strootman's ligament did not go perfectly.
“The cartilaginous damage is determined by the extensive deficit.
“Now, if this is the situation, I see no way out. But it's not up to me to say whether further surgery is needed.”
Foxconn Technology Group, a key Apple supplier, is setting a bad example for industry by overworking its staff, according to a Chinese trade union.
The Taiwanese manufacturing giant has already received heaps of criticism, following a series of employee suicides back in 2010 that gave Foxconn and Apple a PR black eye. Although Foxconn has worked to improve conditions at its Chinese factories, the country's official trade union still isn't satisfied with the progress.
Foxconn is among the manufacturers that continually violate local laws on overtime hours, the China Federation of Trade Unions said during a news conference Monday.
In Foxconn's case, the working hours are so long that employees suffer from depression and other mental problems, which could lead to death by suicide or exhaustion, said Guo Jun, an official with the trade union.
The trade union wants to correct the problems, but some areas of China are still focused on economic development, at the expense of treating workers fairly.
“Many industries could learn from Foxconn, and decide to overwork their employees, in order to achieve greater profits,” Guo warned. If the offending companies aren't punished, then the violations will only continue, they added.
It's unclear if the trade union, controlled by China's Communist Party, will do much to change the situation. Worker mistreatment and labor problems have persisted across the Chinese manufacturing industry for years, according to watchdog groups.
But on Wednesday, Foxconn responded to the trade union's claims and defended its labor policies.
Manufacturers including Foxconn face the dilemma of appeasing employees who want to earn more, while also abiding by local regulations on overtime, it said in an email.
To address the problem, Foxconn has been raising wages, while strictly requiring that employees rest one day each week. In addition, its been using more automation in its manufacturing processes, to relieve workers of “dull and repetitive” duties.
Numerous experts and government officials have investigated Foxconn, and worked to resolve the problems, the company said, adding that “Guo Jun has never visited any Foxconn campus before.”
As part of its pledge to improve factory conditions, Foxconn has worked with the U.S.-based Fair Labor Association to correct any labor violations, although long overtime hours continues to be a problem. Chinese law demands that factories keep an employee's work week under 49 hours, but audits have shown Foxconn struggling to meet that goal.
“We admit we are still far from perfect,” Foxconn said. “But we have always been making the effort.”
Foxconn employs over 1 million workers in mainland China, and in addition to Apple, it also builds products for Amazon.com, Microsoft, Sony and others.
Google is simply on a roll today! As it turns out, the stock camera wasn't the only new app to hit the Play Store today - we now have the Chromoting app as well. Chromoting, for those unfamiliar with it, is a way to securely access your computer remotely by connecting to Chrome running a special Chrome Remote Desktop app. Anyone familiar with Remote Desktop, VNC, and other similar apps should feel instantly at home with Chromoting.
The real beauty of Chromoting is the setup process - there is no need to forward ports or deal with complicated setups. Just install the asupervisorstioned app, enable remote access, and voila - you're pretty much done.
Grab Chrome Remote Desktop for Android version 35.0.1916.37 using the widgets below.
Update: APK posted.
Securely access your computers from your Android device. • On each of your computers, set up remote access using the Chrome Remote Desktop app from Chrome Web Store: https://chrome.google.com/remotedesktop
• On your Android device, open the app and tap on any of your online computers to connect. For information about privacy, please see the Google Privacy Policy (http://goo.gl/SyrVzj) and the Chrome Privacy Policy (http://goo.gl/0uXE5d).
Download
The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK.
File name: com.google.chromeremotedesktop-35.0.1916.37.apk.
Version: 35.0.1916.37 (Android 4.0+).
MD5: 5b536739c42aeedb816e7c69db432136.
A plan to shut down the Macy's department store at Stonestown Galleria in San Francisco and replace it with a mix of retail, restaurants and a multiplex movie theater has been filed with the city by the building's property owner.
General Growth Properties is seeking city approval to reconfigure the existing 286,000-square-foot building into a mixed-use venue with up to 12 movie screens, a grocery store, and a collection of eating and drinking spots.
“We filed a preliminary application and are working through our plans, but it's a little premature to disclose the overall vision,” said David Cuthill, vice president of development for General Growth Properties. “Stonestown is a great asset in a great location, and we see this as an opportunity to help take it to the next level.”
The proposal comes as Macy's, like other brick-and-mortar department stores around the country, is closing stores to save money as customers increasingly shop online. The retailer shut down 40 stores in 2016 and has laid out a multiyear plan to close another 100.
Macy's has not announced plans to close its Stonestown store, but it did sell the building to General Growth Properties, which owns and operates the rest of the Stonestown complex, in January for $41 million. That sale came two months after it sold its Union Square men's store to Morgan Stanley for $250 million.
Macy's declined to comment, but real estate sources said that the Stonestown store will likely close in mid- to late 2018 to make way for the reconfiguration of the building.
Stonestown, which opened in 1952, is the oldest shopping center in Northern California and has been reinvented throughout its 65-year history. It was originally a strip of unenclosed stores, which Chronicle architecture critic Allan Temko described in 1987 as “soiled stucco storefronts” that were “ugly, cheaply built and open to fog and wind from the sea.” It was enclosed in the 1988 as part of a $50 million renovation.
Macy's has been at Stonestown since 1996, taking over the space that had previously been home to the Emporium after its parent company bought the Emporium the year before.
Daniel Sider, senior adviser for special projects at the San Francisco Planning Department, said that the proposed changes “speak to (the) general nature of brick-and-mortar retail right now.”
They said that property owner GGP had met with planning staff.
“The Stonestown Macy's is an interesting place, but I'm not sure it's representative of the future of retail,” Snider said. “As one huge box retail leaves, that creates opportunities for a series of smaller retailers.”
There has been an increase in applications to convert retail space to other uses, including medical clinics, co-working centers and housing, Sider said.
And while historic movie theaters with one or two screens have been going dark, the Bay Area is seeing a string of new theaters offering cushy reclining seats and full-service dining. Several of these operators, including the Alamo Drafthouse, which opened a theater on Mission Street in San Francisco in 2015, are actively looking for space in the city.
“There does seem to be a future for specialized movie theaters, despite Netflix and wide-screen TVs,” Sider said.
For now, GGP doesn't seem interested in developing the 4.5-acre back lot at Stonestown, a parcel that various owners have looked at developing in the past. Two decades ago, a plan to construct 441 housing units there was dropped because of neighborhood opposition.
Jeff Badstubner, a retail broker for commercial real estate firm JLL, said they have looked at the Macy's space with several interested clients. They said the prospective occupants — which include a chain of upscale bowling alleys — are intrigued by the chance to have a large chunk space in a dense urban neighborhood with strong public transit, a university with 30,000 students next door and what is essentially a six-lane highway in 19th Avenue.
“What it offers is really big floorplates — you can't find spaces that size in San Francisco, so retailers get excited,” Badstubner said.
The movie theater industry “continues to expand” they said, with new projects in San Mateo, Concord, San Ramon, Newark and Sunnyvale.
“People still want to go to the movies, but you have to enhance the experience a little bit,” they said.
Entertainment like movies and bowling will lure more people to the mall, which will benefit the rest of the tenants.
“Everybody has to feed off of each other,” they said.
Target just opened a 32,000-square-foot store in the former Sports Authority space at Stonestown, one of 30 “small format” stores the retail giant plans to open this year. Other stores in the mall include Apple, Nordstom and Trader Joe's.
Supervisor Norman Yee, who represents the Stonestown area, said they think the plan will be generally supported in the neighborhood. In addition to the multiplex, that part of the district could use a food court with small local vendors and a supermarket, they said.
“I think it's great,” Yee said. “We live in a time when a lot of retailers are not making it and have all this leftover space. The question is: Do you try to force another retailer in or try to be creative and see what the community wants? It seems like they have reached out to the community and come up with a vision.”
J.K. Dineen is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: JDineen@sfchronicle.com
Twitter: @sfjkdineen
Actor Loubna Abidar, who played a prostitute in the Cannes hit Much Loved, claims they were ‘received with laughter' after trying to report an attack by unknown knife-wielding assailants at Casablanca's main police station
A Moroccan actor who starred in a controversial film about sex workers says they have fled the North African nation for France after being savagely beaten.
Loubna Abidar, who played a prostitute in the drama Much Loved, posted photographs and a video on Facebook in which they appeared bruised and bleeding. They said they had been attacked by unknown knife-wielding assailants in Casablanca on Thursday night and claimed no police station or hospital would take them in.
“I went to Casablanca's main police station in the middle of the night and was received with laughter,” they said in the video. “The police officer said: ‘Finally Abidar, you got beaten!'”
They added: “All this for a film you haven't seen; you've only seen what people have put on the internet. God help me.”
Much Loved, which is credited with exposing the thriving sex industry in social conservative Morocco, was banned by the government shortly after its debut at the Cannes film festival in May. Minister of communication Mustapha El Khalfi said the film “undermines the moral values and dignity of Moroccan women, and is a flagrant attack on the Kingdom's image”.
Moroccan director accused of 'pornography and debauchery' over sex worker drama Much Loved Read more
On Sunday Abidar posted a new selfie in which they wore dark glasses, along with the caption: “Left Morocco, in France.” French newspaper Le Figaro reported on Monday that the actor had taken “the first plane to France” for “security reasons”.
Abidar, who has a young daughter, and their director, Nabil Ayouch, were summoned to court in June on charges of “pornography, indecency and inciting minors to debauchery” after the drama became the centre of a social media backlash when clips featuring explicit content leaked online. Among the responses was a Facebook page that called for the execution of the French-Moroccan film-maker and their lead actor.
Loubna Abidar's Facebook post of 9 November Photograph: Facebook
A police source denied Abidar's claims that the actor was turned away in comments reported by the Alyaoum 24 website. “We have no position against Abidar or anybody else, all citizens are equal and any citizen has the right to lodge a complaint,” said the source,” adding: “The duty of the police is to listen to him.”
The actor, whose sex worker character in Much Loved can be heard discussing their preference for clients with small penises and lots of money, has previously told French media that they want asylum in France because authorities refuse to protect them in the face of a socially conservative backlash. They told Le Figaro in June: “I'm not scared to die for a film, but I hope that things will calm down and that Moroccan society will evolve.”
Much Loved, also known as Zin Li Fik in Morocco, tells the story of four women working as prostitutes in Morocco's most popular tourist destination, Marrakech. Without state funding to fund them, Ayouch and their team cast non-professional actors from neighbourhoods where prostitution is common in Morocco. The film was made by a largely female team.
In the wake of the film's Cannes debut, Moroccan authorities released figures on the sex worker industry for the first time. Moroccan newspaper Al Khabar said health ministries in the cities Rabat, Tangier, Fez and Agadir had admitted there were 19,333 sex workers there in 2011, according to Al Jazeera.
Cedar Rapids city officials joined members of the NAACP, school district, pastors and other local program leaders to call for a halt to gun violence Monday after a deadly weekend.
"What happens to me will happen to you, it's just a matter of time," said Shelby Humbles Jr., a retired business person who is heavily involved in the community. "One of the things I never had to worry about when I was growing up was having a job in the summer."
Humbles Jr. said local business and government leaders need to come together to make sure there is enough opportunity for young people to find work in the community.
Others called for increased education in schools about the impacts and consequences that guns have in the community.
The gathering of leaders came after two people died in gun related incidents over the weekend. On Friday police responded to a home at 1424 Bever Ave. SE around 5:45 p.m. where they found Senquez Jackson, 15, suffering from a gunshot wound. Jackson died Saturday night at an area hospital. Police Chief Wayne Jerman said the investigation into the shooting continues, but that it doesn't appear to be the result of an intentional assault.
On Saturday police responded to a deadly shooting in the 1100 block of Maplewood Drive NE shortly before 10 p.m. Kenyauta Keith, 16, has since been charged with the first degree murder of 21-year-old Brandon Johnson. Keith also faces an attempted murder charge in the shooting of a 16-year-old boy who is expected to survive.
Maurisa Clark, a member of the NAACP and the Cedar Rapids Youth Council President said kids in the community are often bored and don't have enough to do. Clark said arguments that begin on social media often spill over into violence.
Police Chief Wayne Jerman said their officers takes more than 100 illegally possessed guns off the street annually, but that more can be done with the help of parents and community leaders.
Other members of the group stressed that gun violence is a problem for the entire city of Cedar Rapids and the entire community needs to come together as gun violence impacts everyone.
For a time, Microsoft's Music app on Windows 8 and Windows Phone was called Xbox Music. Then it became just Music, with little bits of Xbox Music branding still poking through. Today, Microsoft has given the service yet another new name: Groove.
Or perhaps it's Groove Music. The blog post announcing the change says "Groove" and we're told over Twitter that it's "Groove," but the screenshot in the blog post and the official website all currently say "Groove Music." Microsoft has also registered the domain groovemusic.com and has obtained access to the Twitter account @GrooveMusic.
For slightly more confusion, the subscription service giving access to the 40 million track library is now a Groove Music Pass, priced at $9.99 a month or $99 a year. UK and European pricing hasn't yet been announced, but it will presumably remain at £8.99/€9.99 per month. Xbox Music Passes will continue to work regardless of the renaming.
The announcement of the new name means that the Music app's icon now makes a little more sense. It switched from headphones to a record player a few builds back; it now looks that the record player is a stylized letter G.
Awkwardly, the Groove name is already being used by a music app. Canadian startup Zikera has an app for Windows Phone and Windows 8 called "Groove: Smart Music Player." That Groove app ties into Last.fm to figure out what music you like. It's possible that Microsoft has come to some arrangement with this company, though Mary Jo Foley writes that Microsoft has nothing to announce in this regard.
Microsoft previously used the Groove name for non-music purposes. In 2005, Microsoft bought Groove Networks to acquire its Groove product for providing offline access to SharePoint files. Groove was initially developed by the creator of Lotus Notes, Ray Ozzie, and it was subsequently renamed to SharePoint Workspace. Today, it's been mostly superseded by OneDrive for Business.
The Xbox Video app was also renamed, though it has merely become "Movies & TV."
Microsoft's Joe Belfiore tweeted that the reason for both changes was simple: people who don't own Xboxes didn't think the Xbox-branded apps applied to them. With this change, the Xbox brand has once more become a pure gaming brand, not a broader media brand.
Mayor Vincent C. Gray's administration is requiring dozens of staffers to sign nondisclosure agreements prohibiting them from revealing potential cost-saving and revenue-raising measures they discuss during a top-to-bottom performance review of city government this year.
During the past two weeks, nearly 100 employees have been given the confidentiality agreements by Suzanne Peck, a former chief technology officer for the city and Metro, who is heading the One City Performance Review.
Some employees, including agency directors, privately balked at signing the document, saying it contradicts Gray's promise of a transparent government and infringes on whistleblower protections. The action by Peck, who is conducting the review pro bono, has generated tension in an administration that has tried to stay focused despite the distraction of current investigations into hiring decisions made earlier this year.
Brian K. Flowers, the mayor's general counsel, said that if they had known about the decision to distribute the agreements, they probably would not have recommended it. They said personnel regulations on confidentiality of information are already shared between departments.
“I don't think the agreement does much more than that,” they said.
Flowers, who did not sign the agreement, quickly prepared an addendum that would clarify that the nondisclosure agreements do not supersede employees' rights to report “waste, fraud, abuse and criminal activity.”
On Friday, Gray (D) said they first learned of the agreements a day earlier. They said they wanted more information before commenting but added, “I think you know our policy on transparency.”
Peck declined to answer questions and referred inquiries to mayoral spokesperson Linda Wharton Boyd.
“The purpose of the non-disclosure statement is to support a process which promotes the creative exchange of ideas,” Wharton Boyd said in an e-mailed statement. “If the ideas are prematurely disclosed they may be misconstrued as ideas representing policy initiatives to be implemented by the government and therefore may mislead the public on the actual intent of the administration.”
Lynn C. Ross, a professor at Georgetown University Public Policy Institute, said that they understood a policy that might put an embargo on sharing what's being discussed but the nondisclosure form is extreme. “You want to make sure everyone is feeling as candid as they can,” they said. “However, I have never heard of actually having employees sign a nondisclosure agreement.”
Ross said the incident appears to show that there are trust issues in the administration that need to be resolved. “You don't need to force employees to sign nondisclosure forms” because professional ethics generally prevents leaks of discussions of policy that might not be adopted, they said.
Gray announced last month that the city would retain Peck, a top fundraiser during their mayoral campaign last year and a known philanthropist and technology expert. They have conducted similar government reviews in Pennsylvania and Delaware, drawing praise from former Pennsylvania governor Ed Rendell (D) and Delaware Gov. Jack Markell (D).
 They are operating out of the city's Judiciary Square building and has borrowed staff from several departments to conduct the review. In recent weeks, they have met with “clusters” of staff representing different agencies. The employees in attendance received the nondisclosure agreements to sign, according to city officials.
Flowers said they could recall only one instance in which the Gray administration has made a decision about confidentiality.
They said there was a question about whether the Department of Health could withhold the public disclosure of disciplinary actions against doctors under a confidentiality agreement. In a legal opinion they wrote in February, Flowers said the department could no longer designate disciplinary actions as “non-public.”
It was “in light of the Mayor's new policy on Transparency and Open Government,” according to the opinion.
Four tricky political layovers dot the route to more light rail in Seattle. A proposal known as Sound Transit 3 (or ST3) potentially on the November 2016 ballot would extend the currently approved ST2 (the Seattle to Lynnwood, Microsoft, and Federal Way lines) to include Everett, Redmond, and Tacoma—north, east, and south, respectively. It would include more light rail in Seattle as well. On the wish list: a Ballard-to-downtown line and a West Seattle–to–downtown line.
The four steps that need to happen first, though, are no small feats. First, Sound Transit needs new taxing authority approved in Olympia. Second, suburban members of the Sound Transit board need to sign off on Seattle's inner-city transit agenda. Third, Seattle itself needs to get consensus on what it wants in the city. And finally, in November 2016, voters need to approve the whole shebang.
Step 1
The state legislature will need to approve ST3 in the first place. Currently in Olympia, pro-transit Democrats in the state legislature such as assistant ranking transit committee member senator Marko Liias (D-21, Mukilteo) are trying to convince the Republican majority to sign off on a transportation package that includes a bill to give Sound Transit taxing authority. The Sound Transit component of the transportation package outlines about $15 billion total in new taxing authority, including a brand-new property tax of 25 cents per $1,000 of assessed value. The light-rail-authorizing legislation also includes extending Sound Transit's 0.5 percent sales tax and a 0.8 percent motor vehicle excise tax (or MVET), both of which are only authorized to complete Sound Transit's buildout to Lynnwood, Microsoft, and Federal Way.
The Republican-dominated state senate—controlled in turn by antitax ideologues—has rejected similar local taxing authority requests in the past, most notably last year, when a transportation package for bus service didn't pass GOP muster. “Sound Transit has replaced [Metro funding] as the significant local option,” Senator Liias says.
The taxing authority bill for light rail has 20 Democratic cosponsors and zero Republican sponsors. The senate transportation committee chair, Curtis King (R-14, Yakima), says many legislators are skeptical of using the property tax, which they say is intended for education, not light rail. “Another concern,” they say, “is the MVET request [which] goes back to the debate [about] why is it necessary for the people that drive a car or truck or own a car or truck to pay for light rail?” Asked why there are no Republican names on the legislation, including their own, Senator King said: “I don't believe anybody brought it [the light rail legislation] to me and asked me to sign it—not that I necessarily would have.”
Senator Liias calls the light rail component of the transportation package “a big ask with emotional strings.” In particular they note the MVET, which is toxic for Republicans due to initiative hawker Tim Eyman's history of getting the MVET capped. (Some Democrats are also wary of the regressive sales tax.)
Despite the fact that Republicans “weren't ready to sign on yet,” Liias says, light rail funding has actually received “a warm reception.” While there aren't GOP cosigners, they say the fact that “no senior Republicans have come out and quashed the idea is a good sign. They're keeping their powder dry. They're open to discussions.”
Liias notes: “If we can get Everett and Tacoma stations, you're going through a lot of Republican districts. And that's good for bipartisan support.” There are nine Republican senators whose districts would be served by light rail and 10 Republican state reps.
Senator King keeps it vague: “Authority for Sound Transit is undoubtedly going to be considered as we work on a transportation package.”
The Sound Transit High Capacity Transit study areas. (click to enlarge)
Step 2
If the legislature actually approves Sound Transit's taxing authority request, there will need to be subsequent horse trading among the pro-transit advocates themselves: members of the Sound Transit board. The transit-friendly board is made up of competing players like Seattle leaders mayor Ed Murray and city council member Mike O'Brien vs. suburban leaders like Redmond mayor John Marchione, Pierce County executive Pat McCarthy, and Edmonds mayor Dave Earling.
While the board is “very unified,” O'Brien says, about using the taxing authority to extend light rail to Redmond, Everett, and Tacoma, and inside Seattle, the details (how much each project costs) will cause a family feud. Edmonds's Mayor Earling, who chuckled about a recent suggestion by Mayor Murray that Seattle would require a second Seattle tunnel for light rail, says, “The commitment from day one has always been [that] we need to build the spine. And the spine is from Tacoma to Everett and then across Lake Washington up to Redmond. That's the focus. That's the highest priority for many of the people in the suburbs.”
As for extensions for Seattle, Earling says, “that's still open for discussion as far as the board's concerned.” Late last month, the suburban members of the board voted down a motion from Mayor Murray and O'Brien to put a new Seattle tunnel in the blueprints and shared regional costs for ST3.
Step 3
Ballard to Downtown Seattle transit expansion study. (click to enlarge)
There's a battle within Seattle itself, between constituencies in favor of building a Ballard-to-downtown line or a West Seattle–to–downtown line. With about $3 billion slated for Seattle in the $15 billion ST3 project—and the Ballard and West Seattle wish lists costing as much as $3.6 to $4.6 billion respectively—something's got to give. O'Brien says, “It's hard for me to imagine a scenario where we build the most expensive version of both those connections in a Sound Transit 3 package.”
O'Brien's solution: Building Value Village versions rather than Nordstrom versions. For example, they suggest an indirect transfer line connecting Ballard to Sound Transit 2 at the U District station at Brooklyn and 43rd, which would cost more like $1.2 to $1.9 billion. “Fifteen to 18 minutes from Ballard to downtown,” they say of their value-pack option, “with 100 percent reliability? It's not as fast as going direct, but it's a step up from what they have now. And there are great inner-city connections, Ballard to the U District and Capitol Hill.”
For West Seattle, citing the costs of straining tunnel capacity in downtown, O'Brien suggests running a line from West Seattle to the SoDo station instead of Westlake.
“A scenario where we have to pick either Ballard or West Seattle,” O'Brien says, “is problematic. We need Seattle to be strongly behind Sound Transit, as opposed to pitting folks against each other in a divisive fight. We need Seattle voters to be thrilled about this.”
Step 4
The final stop on the way to more light rail: a planned November 2016 vote. And without Seattle voters feeling excited about ST3, it will not pass.
“I completely agree with that,” Edmonds's Mayor Earling says. “Which is why I'm willing to acknowledge that there will be some improvements in Seattle. What they are? That's a discussion to be had later.”
Nadia Oxford By Nadia OxfordStaff Writer Got a news tip? Is there something you think we should be reporting on? Email news@usgamer.net.
Super Mario Run is coming up on its first birthday, and Nintendo admits the mobile game hasn't met "an acceptable profit point" yet.
The news, which Nintendo president Tatsumi Kimishima delivered in the company's most recent earnings report, probably doesn't come as a big surprise. Super Mario Run's method of monetization—making the game free to download, then charging $9.99 to unlock the full game after four levels—didn't have a lot of fans.
According to the report, the weekly user base for Super Mario Run declined significantly and steadily since the app's debut, though the 3.0 update released in September has helped those numbers recover.
Super Mario Run's latest update brought some fans on board.
Overall, Nintendo regards Super Mario Run as an important learning experience. "We have learned a lot in terms of game development and deployment that we want to take advantage of moving forward," says Kimishima.
By contrast, Nintendo's other noteworthy mobile game, the free-to-play Fire Emblem Heroes, is enjoying steady success and is expected to meet Nintendo's "overall business objectives." The report also points out that the audience for the game is growing outside Japan. Nintendo has plans to bring Fire Emblem Heroes to five more regions by the end of the year: Hong Kong, Taiwan, Macao, Thailand, and Singapore.
The upcoming Animal Crossing: Pocket Camp is likewise free-to-play and supports in-app purchases. Given widespread love for the franchise in Japan and beyond, it's likely to be another mobile success for Nintendo.
This is fine. That's not supposed to be dog-associated sarcasm, by the way, the game's actually doing well.
As for Super Mario Run, Nintendo says it plans to keep supporting the game. "Our aim is for this application to be the definitive Mario application for smart devices."
The rest of the financial report was filled with good news for Nintendo, including strong sales for the Nintendo Switch, its games, and the New Nintendo 2DS XL. Moreover, Super Mario Odyssey, and the SNES Classic sold 2 million units each within a matter of days. It's going to be a green Christmas for Nintendo.
"Last night, tragically, there was an avalanche on Bullsh*t Mountain, ladies and gentlemen."
When Jon Stewart returned to "The Daily Show" after Tuesday's live election night coverage, the only thing left to discuss was the absolute meltdown that occurred at Fox News after President Obama was re-elected.
Even days before the election, no one at Fox seemed to think that Mitt Romney losing was a possibility, and on election night, Karl Rove proved just how in denial they were by refusing to believe that Ohio would go to Obama (after 74% of the votes were in). Later, a stunned Sarah Palin and Bill O'Reilly played a little game Jon Stewart likes to call, "White People Judo."
Watch the clip above for Stewart's full "avalanche" coverage, then watch part two below wherein they break down who Fox News thinks is really to blame. Could it be the mainstream media? Hurricane Sandy? Minorities and women exercising their right to vote? Or could it have been the "Obama smear machine" which happens to have said a lot of the same things as both Fox News and GOP supporter Sheldon Adelson in the past?
All Stewart knows is that, "This election wasn't murder, it was auto un-erotic asphyxiation"
WORCESTER - A Marlboro Street man was charged with five counts of assault and battery with a dangerous weapon and three counts of improper storage of a firearm after they threatened their family with a gun early Christmas morning, police said.
The Police Department's SWAT and crisis intervention teams, as well as negotiators, were called around 12:15 a.m. to a Marlboro Street residence on reports that a 24-year-old threatened family members with a gun. The man also kicked someone in the head and shoulder area, police said.
Five members of the family were outside the house when police arrived. Another three, who had initially locked themselves in a second-floor bathroom, went out when the man went into the building's basement.
Worcester police said they entered the apartment and arrested the man without incident. There were no injuries.
The man's identity was not disclosed in compliance with a state law that shields the names of individuals arrested and charged during domestic violence incidents, police said.
In the mid-1990s, two chain restaurants launched in Denver, Colorado. One went on to open over 2,000 locations, spawn several competitors, and become the household name in giant takeout burritos. The other, Noodles & Company, opened just two years after Chipotle in 1995, serving Korean, Thai, and Japanese noodle dishes alongside Italian pastas, macaroni and cheese, and stroganoff. Last month, it announced it's closing a tenth of its 510 stores.
The fast-casual genre is still growing, although not as fast as it was a few years ago. According to the latest numbers by industry research firm Technomic, established categories like “bakery,” led by Panera, and “Mexican grill” — Chipotle and its imitators — are showing signs of leveling off. Fast-casual pizza, on the other hand, thin-crusted and customizable with toppings too delicate for delivery, has become a significant frontrunner. The category, which includes Blaze Pizza and Pieology, showed 36 percent growth in 2015 compared to 11.6 percent in fast casual overall.
Pizza's close cousin pasta, however, has struggled to find its place. For now, Technomic lumps the eclectic Noodles & Company with Asian spots like Panda Express, since, so far, no one has achieved a fast-casual pasta joint that can match the success and scale of casual dining heavy-hitters like Olive Garden and Maggiano's. Fazoli's, launched by the parent company that started Long John Silver's, is a modest chain with around 200 locations, but noteworthy since they offer pasta along with pizza and other Italian fare.
“The dream is that we open eight of them or someone gets interested in taking it to the moon.”
Fine-dining chefs have been flocking to the fast-casual market for the chance to build a self-sustaining empire like Shake Shack. A few chefs are trying to crack the Italian pasta market, as well. Del Posto's pasta whisperer Mark Ladner is expected to open Pasta Flyer in Manhattan in the coming weeks, promising “old-world cuisine at light speed.” There's also Gerard Craft's Porano Pasta in St. Louis, and Rick Gencarelli's Grassa in Portland, Oregon. Each advertises fine dining–quality pasta at lunchtime prices and counter-service speeds, which brings its own set of challenges.
Italian restaurants already enjoy huge popularity in America, for more than just the food. A warm, familial atmosphere is one of the biggest selling points of a typical Italian restaurant, according to Fabio Parasecoli, a director of Food Studies Initiatives at the New School who has written about Italian food and culture.
“There is the sense that Italian restaurants come out of family,” they say. “That there are people cooking for you. It's somewhat of a personal experience.” Italian restaurants are also often set up to serve family-style meals. “It's part of the fun, the fact that you get a huge portion of pasta to be shared at the table,” Parasecoli says. Casual dining spots cash in on replicating that vibe, even if their food lags in quality. Take Olive Garden's infamous tagline — “When you're here, you're family.” That warmth gets lost at counter-service fast-casual restaurants, where efficiency and food quality trump that old-world feel.
Gencarelli, whose background is in fine dining, has opened two locations of Grassa, their sleek, high-ceilinged fast-casual pasta restaurant in Portland — though they hope to take their restaurant national. “The dream is that we open eight of them, or someone gets interested in taking it to the moon,” they say. They say quirky touches are what matter to their customers, who don't seem to miss the old-world warmth. “We play vinyl in both Grassas, and that can sometimes be a real pain in the butt because when we're super busy we're still flipping records,” they say. “That's something that we've had to sort of just commit to, but people dig it.”
Quality and creativity are important to any chef, but even more so when you're building a business on a product as simple as noodles boiled in water. It's a simple premise, but it's easy to do wrong. To make pasta good enough to come back for, it first needs to be cooked to al dente perfection — then served promptly, from pot to plate. It can't be piled into bins on display like a salad bar, which is the most frequent set-up of fast-casual restaurants. “It is never a good idea to have pasta sitting around,” Parasecoli says. “Some restaurants pre-cook pasta and then give it a last boil, but the texture is not good.”
At Grassa, customers can watch a staffer work the pasta extruder, pulling long noodles from a semolina-water mixture. Cooks also hand-make egg dough, gnocchi, and filled pasta. And then there are the toppings. Gencarelli says they braise pork all day, like their mother used to for a Sunday pork ragu, one of the more popular menu items. (All right, so they do sell the Italian family angle a little.)
Housemade noodles are not Noodles & Company's thing: Volume and variety is, possibly to a fault. Parasecoli worries that by offering noodles from so many different cuisines, the chain is creating the “airport food court” effect. “The concept is basically noodles — as an object,” they say. “Maybe that could be perceived as a lack of authenticity and a little gimmicky.”
Too many options can also paralyze. At Porano, Craft is moving away from a purely customizable (aka Chipotle-like) model to give guests more guidance. Right now, customers choose their pasta, sauce, and toppings, but that approach isn't as popular as the chef had hoped. “People get more overwhelmed than I thought with choices,” Craft says. They plan to have a new menu ready within the month, featuring some chef's favorites while still offering the option to build your own dish.
“If you go to an Italian restaurant, you not only enjoy the food. You're exposing yourself to another culture.”
Technomic's research shows customization is trending strong right now, to a point. “It's important to focus menu options in a way that narrows the choice process,” says Technomic president Darren Tristano. They think signature items designed and recommended by the chef are essential.
But even with a menu of high-quality ingredients, authenticity, and just enough variety, you still have to deal with carb-phobic customers. Amy Bentley, a professor in the department of nutrition, food studies, and public health at New York University, cautions that even using the word “noodles” or “pasta” in the restaurant's name could set it up for a struggle. They point out that even Kentucky Fried Chicken rebranded itself to KFC to avoid broadcasting the word “fried” to an increasingly health-conscious audience.
“We're in a moment of extreme carbohydrate- and gluten sensitivity in the largest sense,” they say. “There's statistics out there that if people make a product and they put ‘gluten-free' on it, they can charge higher prices and it increases sales.” Ladner, Gencarelli, and Craft all offer gluten-free pasta on their menus, which could be a boon for their popularity (even if science has found no health benefits to avoiding gluten unless you have a sensitivity).
Tristano agrees customers won't come for noodles alone. “There is a lot of interest for food that tells stories about places and people,” agrees Parasecoli. “If you go to an Italian, Korean, or Vietnamese restaurant, you not only enjoy the food, you also enjoy [what we'll call] the culinary tourism experience. You're exposing yourself to another culture.”
Tristano predicts a strong adult beverage program and a dessert menus will be keys to success for fast-casual pasta. “Sometimes you have to think beyond the product and think about the cuisine,” they say. Noodles & Company offers soup and sandwiches, and Gencarelli says their partners actually have to rein them in to keep them from adding too many extras to the menu.
Of course, the more complex the product becomes, the more it costs to make, which can drive up the price or risk defeating the fast-casual concept's low-overhead appeal.
Gencarelli describes pricing as their toughest learning curve, while trying to reach the market between high-end Italian and Olive Garden. “When you look at the numbers for pasta, our extruded pasta is semolina and water. It's 11 cents for a five-ounce portion, right? It sounds like the dream,” they say. “But as soon as you put Parmesan cheese and a little bit of braised pork and some good tomatoes and olive oil and some sea salt, all of a sudden you're not at the fast-casual price point anymore.”
After some trial and error, most of Grassa's pasta dishes cost between $11 and $13. At Porano, customizable pasta bowls come in two sizes for $8.95 or $12.95. Compare that to a Chipotle burrito, which starts around $7 before adding extras.
“I know someone from Chipotle would walk in and think we're idiots.”
Craft already switched from using chicken breasts to more flavorful and affordable thighs in the process of building an affordable menu. “That's still a balance we're working on for sure,” they say. “We're working with our farmers and vendors and trying to make it fair for everybody.” They hope to keep the majority of Porano's new menu items in the same price range as the customizable bowls, but they say a few dishes may include extra toppings that could push them to a higher price. The trial and error will continue.
Tristano agrees pricing is one of the main challenges for chef-driven fast casual operations, because once the menu is good, it still has to offer what customers consider to be a good value. “When a high-end chef goes into one of these concepts, they're using high-end ingredients, [more time-consuming] preparation methods, and more experienced staff, and often that pushes the price point up to $13, $14, $15, which tends to be a little bit too high,” they say. “Now you're getting into casual dining territory and you're outpricing yourself.”
Beyond affordability, Tristano adds, getting the meal has to be convenient. Restaurants like Chipotle easily burn through lunch-hour lines with minimal delays. At busy times, the line at Porano can be out the door and take up to 20 minutes, but Craft says from the time a customer orders to when he's served still takes only about three minutes; their staff cooks hardy semolina pasta regularly throughout the day. At Grassa, Gencarelli has 12 baskets of boiling water that look like fry-o-lators and two cooks with six burners each. When a customer orders, pasta goes in the water for one to four minutes depending on how recently it was extruded, while the cooks make the sauce and cook the meat. Still, when they get backed up, people can wait 15 minutes for their meal.
“I know someone from Chipotle would walk in and think we're idiots, because as a chef I came into this from the other end,” Gencarelli says. “If Chipotle did a pasta concept it would be faster, more efficient, and all the things that slow us down and keep our labor and food cost a bit higher would not exist. Would it be as delicious, unique and fun? I don't think so.”
Andrea Marks is a writer based in New York City who likes covering subcultures, science, food, and feminism.
Editor: Erin DeJesus
"Limited access" to the team means one thing to normal people like me or you, and another thing entirely to Cecil Newton. Despite Auburn saying they wouldn't be in attendance, there they are, cheering on their son. Season over, Cecil Newton wins.
Auburn AD Jay Jacobs said yesterday that Cecil wouldn't make the game in Glendale. It "was mutually agreed upon. Out of the highest respect that Cecil has for Cameron, they won't be here today." Either Cecil didn't have that much respect, or someone was misinformed, because after the game, there was Cam, searching the stands for a familiar face, then striding into the seats for a hug. Who was the mystery man? The Opelika-Auburn News hedges their bet, sticking a question mark on their "Cam and Cecil" photo caption. But I'd recognize that brow ridge anywhere.
Advertisement
The whole sordid scandal can be put to bed now. There won't be any returning the Heisman, or vacating the National Championship. The only reason Reggie Bush eventually got busted was because Lloyd Lake wanted their money, and there's no one in this situation with an interest in spilling the beans on what really happened.
And even if this does come back, even if three years from now everything's taken away, so what? Cam got their college stardom and NFL ticket. Cecil got...whatever they got. Auburn fans got to celebrate being the nation's best. None of these can be taken away.
So Cecil Newton wins. Maybe they didn't get money from Mississippi State, and maybe they didn't ask for money from Auburn (the NCAA would like you to believe that, while they implicitly admit they did something improper), although their church did get fixed up somehow. Their son won the Heisman Trophy, and a National Title, and now heads for the uncertain but lucrative waters of the NFL Draft. They waited out the months of controversy until today, when they can't touch them or their son.
Advertisement
No one could touch them as they shared a bear hug, on a night when Cecil wasn't even supposed to be in the stadium. We don't begrudge them their attendance: he's justifiably proud of their son and wanted to take in their finest moment. But to have Auburn saying otherwise, and to not anticipate what the backlash would be this morning, just shows an utter lack of awareness of how the Newtons, the school and the NCAA are perceived, a lack of awareness that's pervaded the entire scandal and investigation.
Hello,
just a little update the Lorraine 40 t is planned to be replaced by the Bat.-Châtillon 25 t AP, according to Russian sources.
Description:
Between 1950 and 1951, the developers at the FAMH company (Compagnie des forges et Aciéries de la marine et d'Homécourt) ran a development program for a 25 ton medium tank armed with a 90mm gun in an oscillating turret. The development stopped in the pre-project stage and all advancements made were used during the development of Batignolles-Chatillon 25t.
Statistics:
Top Speed: 65 km/h / 20 km/h
Hull Armor: 30/25/20
Turret Armor: 25/25/20
Hit Points: 1675
Suspension Traverse Speed: 44 deg/s
Turret Traverse Speed: 46 deg/s
Clip Size: 6
Rate of Fire: 24 sec – drum, 2,22 sec between shots
Aiming time: 3 sec
Dispersion at 100 m: 0.4 m
Penetration: 200/250/45
Damage: 240/240/320
View Range: 380 m
Armor:
Super Bowl 50 is happening on February 7, and the game is going to bring a ton of people to the Bay Area. To prepare for the huge influx of visitors, T-Mobile has beefed up its network capacity.
T-Mobile says that it's added capacity on 150 cell sites that serve up coverage to 32 venues that are hosting events for the Super Bowl, as well as sites near the three major airports in the area and nearby hotels. T-Mo has also rolled out temporary cell sites — both Cell On Wheels (COWs) and rooftop sites — to add capacity and speed to areas near the Justin Herman Plaza, Moscone Center, and Levi's Stadium, where the big game itself will be played.
Focusing on Levi's Stadium, T-Mobile has upgraded its Distributed Antenna System there to increase capacity and reliability in high traffic areas. Also improved are the antenna arrays surrounding the stadium and other “key venues.”
T-Mobile will be bringing its #BallBusterChallenge to Santa Clara next week as well, which will give visiting Verizon customers the chance to pit their network against T-Mobile's in the days leading up to the Super Bowl.
The Super Bowl is a major event, with some one million fans expected to attend Super Bowl events in San Francisco and around 75,000 at the game itself. So while T-Mobile says that it's got a speedy network in the Bay Area — with speeds up to 123Mbps in parts of Santa Clara — that network is probably going to see a lot more traffic than normal over the next couple of weeks. The good news for T-Mo customers headed to the Bay Area for the game — and residents that'll be using the network, too — is that capacity has been boosted to handle that extra traffic.
Boise State quarterback Kellen Moore at one time was thought to be a potential first-round selection for the 2012 NFL Draft. That's no longer the case
Despite at solid senior season, Moore doesn't meet many standards for pro football success. In the eyes of NFL scouts, short quarterbacks who lack arm strength rarely become productive starters. Moore is 6-1, 191 pounds, and questions are raised about their ability to make many requisite throws.
Above the shoulders, Moore is outstanding. That is what should keep them in the league as a backup. They have excellent football intelligence and can identify defenses before the snap. Moore goes through progressions well and makes excellent decisions with the ball.
They will not force passes into bad spots to avoid pressure and is adept at checking down to a safety-valve receiver when no downfield route is open. Moore is consistently accurate on throws under 10 yards. They do a good job of leading receivers so they can catch the ball in stride.
In addition to their intelligence, Moore is a good athlete who can get outside the pocket to make accurate throws on the move or scramble for first downs.
What's not to like?
The issues that plague Moore are unlikely to change and therefore will keep them from being a high draft pick.
Boise State's website lists Moore at 6-foot in their bio, but scouts have them pegged a tad shy of that. Short quarterbacks must prove they can function within the pocket to identify receivers downfield without having to roll out. Most NFL teams don't want their quarterback exposed and without blocking.
Moore's lack of arm strength is a major issue. Without it, Moore will not be able to make the intermediate “dig” and “out” route throws that are critical to success.
Another handicap? Moore is left-handed. Unless both quarterbacks are lefties, a team must make a commitment to scheme changes. Few teams want to go down that road.
Will Moore be drafted? Barring something unforeseen, yes.
Expect to see Moore selected anywhere from the fourth to sixth round. Also expect them to be an excellent backup.
Just don't expect them to replicate their success at Boise State in the NFL.
The Conservative government tabled legislation Monday that could send locked-out Canada Post employees back to work. The move came just hours after the union and management returned to the negotiating table.
Canada Post announced late last Tuesday that it was locking out employees after nearly two weeks of rotating strikes by the union.
Labour Minister Lisa Raitt introduced the bill in the House of Commons after question period at 3 p.m. ET. Little else could be done on the bill Monday, which is an "opposition day" in the House with debate controlled by the NDP.
Raitt says she's open to meeting with the two sides, as they did by phone at noon Monday, to help them in the process.
"We're here to put people back to work because it affects the national economy and their process isn't working," they said after tabling the bill.
The bill would force the two sides into final offer selection binding arbitration, meaning each side tables its final offer and the arbitrator picks one or the other.
"If they don't like the process then they should work together to find their own and I'm more than happy to sit down and help them," Raitt said.
A vote is unlikely to take place until Thursday, the last scheduled day of the session before the House is to rise for the summer. The Opposition NDP has threatened to use parliamentary tactics to delay the vote, but government House leader Peter Van Loan said Monday the House will remain in session until the bill is passed, even if it has to sit on Saturday.
NDP MP Nycole Turmel, a former union leader, says that despite having a majority of seats in the House, the government cannot just impose its legislation on Canadians.
"They have to respect the workers and they don't do that," they said. "This has to stop, and we're there to make sure that we sensitize and we have the public opinion on our side."
The weekend brought no advance toward a settlement, as negotiations remained stalled. Both Canada Post and the Canadian Union of Postal Workers had said they were scheduled to meet, but face-to-face talks failed to take place. CBC News has confirmed talks scheduled for Monday afternoon were underway.
Two sides talking: Canada Post
Canada Post spokesperson Jon Hamilton says the two sides are talking.
"We spent the morning trying to get a meeting, now we're having one," they told CBC News. "We still have time to hammer out an agreement. Others have been able to do it."
Canada Post — Wages The legislation introduced by the government Monday includes provisions for wage increases. It calls for an increase of 1.75 per cent in the first year, followed by increases of 1.5 per cent in the second year, and two per cent in the following two years. Canada Post's last offer indicated it was willing to accept an increase of 1.9 per cent in the first three years and two per cent in the fourth. The union had been asking for 3.3 per cent in the first year, followed by 2.75 per cent in the following three years. "The number that we put in, in terms of the wage, is actually reflective of what the negotiated deal was with PSAC, which is our larger union that we negotiated last year," Labour Minister Lisa Raitt told CBC's Power & Politics."It's very much the same except adding on that final year." "We're very comfortable with those numbers. It indicates where we think the growth is and what we think is appropriate," they said. Raitt said putting the wages in the bill will allow both sides to better focus on other issues, including short-term disability and pension concerns. Judy Sgro, the Liberal pensions critic, expressed concern about the wage provisions. "To interfere in the point that they did as far as the actual wage, and to lower it, is a direct interference in the collective bargaining process, and I think ultimately will give us more of a problem with the strike," Sgro told Power & Politics. CUPW union president Denis Lemelin said imposing wages that are lower than the last offer from Canada Post "punishes postal workers for a disruption that was caused by the corporation's national lockout." A Canada Post spokesperson said they are not commenting on the contents of Monday's legislation.
Last week, Air Canada reached a tentative agreement with its union at about the same time Raitt tabled back-to-work legislation that would have forced airline staff to end their job action.
The Crown corporation has said the main sticking point in the dispute is the union's demand for staffing levels beyond the capability of Canada Post, adding that wages were not the key disagreement.
CUPW, the union representing the thousands of striking workers, has been emphasizing working conditions and safety issues, as well as decrying the corporation's push to have new employees receive substantially inferior wages and pensions. CUPW also says Canada Post turned a profit in each of the last 16 years.
The union said in a statement Monday that Canada Post "set the stage by demanding drastic rollbacks" from the beginning of negotiations.
"We will fight it, that's clear," said Lemelin, adding that the union has been in talks with the opposition parties, looking for support.
"For us, the back-to-work legislation won't be any good for the future of the post office."
Still time for a deal: Canada Post
Canada Post said it is still eager to work out a negotiated settlement with the union.
"We've said all along we are committed to negotiating," Hamilton said. "We have come to the table with a sense of urgency that hasn't been met."
The Crown corporation said Sunday that there was still time to reach a deal, even with Ottawa stepping in, if the union would look more closely at the existing deal on the table.
"The union strike activity had us in a death-spiral of uncertainty," Hamilton said. "We took action to try and move things forward, kickstart the process. Unfortunately we're not seeing that in return from the union."
Rallies and demonstrations were planned by the union for Monday in Ottawa, Montreal, Edmonton, Kamloops, B.C., and three centres in New Brunswick.
In Winnipeg, postal workers protested at the offices of Manitoba Conservative MP Shelley Glover on Monday, expressing anger over back-to-work legislation.
Postal workers also demonstrated outside Edmonton Spruce Grove MP Rona Ambrose's office and the office of North Vancouver Conservative MP Andrew Saxton.
28 of 30
David Liam Kyle/Getty Images
↓ 1 Spot
It's really no wonder the Cleveland Cavaliers lost for the first time since Nov. 9 this week.
LeBron James is shooting the ball better than ever from the field and from long range, which is prompting some serious looks into the aging curve. As in, did they break it?
ESPN.com's Kevin Pelton notes:
"Even an aging curve with gentle decline like James has experienced so far during the regular season will typically get steeper (downward) as a player heads toward their mid-30s. That makes it all the more surprising that instead of declining sharply, James has instead trended the other direction so far in 2017-18. Their current .796 player win percentage, highest in the NBA, would be James' best mark since 2012-13 -- their last MVP season at age 28."
It's even possible James' play is contagious, that their own hot shooting has somehow been absorbed by the guys around him.
According to NBA.com, Cleveland set a franchise record against the Hawks on Tuesday by making at least 10 treys in 17 consecutive games (James tied a career high with 17 assists in that one) and would end up pushing that streak 18 games on Thursday against the Lakers.
Still, a loss is a loss, and the Cavs suffered one against Indy this week. Great as James and Cleveland have been, you really can't suffer a defeat and hold your ground this high up in the rankings—not when the top two teams just keep winning.
Willie Taggart is making moves left and right in the recruiting game, and not just for 2017.
On Wednesday night, five-star 2018 defensive end Micah Parsons announced on Twitter he'd received an offer from the Oregon Ducks:
Those who don't me I wanted to go to this school since I was 5 now I can I say I just received an scholarship from them #blessed #ducks ✅ pic.twitter.com/0tyPOwSBZB — #blessed⭐️MVP™ (@Micah_parsons23) January 12, 2017
Parsons is a native of Harrison, Pennsylvania, and is committed to Penn State. The 6-3, 235-pound standout is rated the nation's No. 5 player in the entire 2018 class and will be a huge addition to whichever school they end up with.
He's been committed to the Nittany Lions for almost a year despite the fact that he's only a junior in high school.
Luring Parsons all the way to Eugene could be tough, but if he's really wanted to go to Oregon since kindergarten Taggart just might have a foot in the door.
Pediatricians serving undocumented immigrants report a spike in anxiety and panic attacks after the US election, as children live with threat of deportation
At doctors' offices across the United States, a new diagnosis has been popping up in the medical files of immigrant children, their friends and their families: fear of Trump.
Since the 8 November election, pediatricians and clinics serving undocumented immigrants and other low-income patients have reported a spike in anxiety and panic attacks, particularly among children who worry that they or their parents might now face deportation.
One little boy in North Carolina has been suffering crippling stomach aches in class because he's afraid they might return home to find their parents gone. In California, many families are reporting that their children are leaving school in tears because their classmates have told them they are going to be thrown out of the country.
What might Trump's deportations look like? 'A system that defies imagination' Read more
Children are showing up in emergency rooms alone because their parents are afraid of being picked up by Immigration and Customs Enforcement if they show their faces. Even American-born children are suffering – one boy in the south-east asked a doctor for Prozac because they were worried about their undocumented friend.
“It's as though a volcano erupted. It's been awful,” said Mimi Lind, director of behavioral health at the Venice Family Clinic, one of the largest providers of healthcare to low-income families in southern California. “People who don't have a history of anxiety and depression are coming forward with symptoms they've never had before. And people who had those symptoms already are getting much worse.”
It's too soon to put precise figures on the wave of Trump-related anxiety, but health professionals and immigrant rights groups say it is unmistakable. “People worry their families will be broken up, that parents will be deported and children will end up in foster care, on a scale that we've never seen before. The feeling out there is one of great fear,” said Marielena Hincapié of the National Immigration Law Center.
People who don't have a history of anxiety and depression are coming forward with symptoms they've never had before Mimi Lind, Venice Family Clinic
Some of the Trump-related anxiety was evident even before the election, especially in states where Republican-dominated legislatures have pushed through measures to make it harder for immigrants to access education, healthcare and other basic services. Trump's election, however, turned the abiding worry into a full-blown crisis – not least because their victory was unexpected.
Julie Linton, a pediatrician from Winston-Salem, North Carolina, who also serves on the American Academy of Pediatrics' immigrant child health special interest group, started receiving panicked calls from patients at 6.30am on the morning of 9 November, and they have been deluged since.
Many undocumented parents with sick children born in the United States are now making contingency plans in case they are deported, they say, and in so doing have to face an agonizing choice: whether to leave their children behind, or to risk losing access to the care they need in their home countries. They see Syrian refugees as well as patients from Mexico and Central America, where it may be difficult or impossible, for example, to find devices to enable children with neuromuscular disorders to walk.
“Parents are asking me: ‘What do I do? How do I set up a power of attorney in case I'm deported?'” Linton said. “It's hard enough to care for a child with special healthcare needs without having to worry about the threat of deportation.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A group of immigrants and attorneys gather outside Trump Tower on 22 November to draw attention to Donald Trump's proposed immigration policies. Photograph: Justin Lane/EPA
It is not just families and children that have felt the impact. Many patients who are vulnerable anyway – alcoholics, drug addicts, those with degenerative diseases or mental health struggles – have been knocked backwards. “To them, it feels that another part of their power has been taken away when they've just started to build themselves up again,” said Eileen Garcia, a therapist who looks after HIV and Aids patients at the Venice Family Clinic.
One of their patients, a middle-aged undocumented immigrant who wanted to be called Maria (not their real name), said that while they had been shocked when they received their initial HIV diagnosis they took it in stride because they knew help was available. “But this,” they said, “feels like a death sentence.”
Dreams of undocumented young people start to crumble after Trump victory Read more
As Maria sees it, they may lose access to treatment if the Trump administration scraps President Obama's Affordable Care Act, and they may lose it, too, if they are deported and cannot find similar services back in their home country (which they did not want to name). “It's a double worry,” they said.
The fear felt by many patients is reflected in the protective instincts of their caregivers. For this story, doctors and therapists were extremely careful not to give away patients' names, or more than the most basic details of their medical profiles, or even in some cases the state where they live for fear of providing clues to authorities pursing an anti-immigrant crackdown.
They also struggle to know what to say to address their patients' concerns, especially at this early stage.
“Many of us feel pretty helpless right now,” Linton, the North Carolina pediatrician, agreed. “We try to remain nonpartisan but we're unabashedly pro-child and that's a hard place to sit right now. For me, as a pediatrician and as a mom, it's heart-breaking to think that a child is worth less based on conversations happening at the local, regional or national level.”
“This waiting time is the most anxiety-provoking,” Lind, the behavioral health specialist said. “No one can say anything. We have no way of allaying people's anxiety with concrete facts.”
There are only so many hours in the week you can spend streaming old episodes of "Seinfeld," staring at a glowing screen while the faint echo of a bird tweeting reminds you that life on the other side of your apartment window still exists. Netflix is THE BEST, but even the purest of devotees feels that twinge of guilt when a "Are you still watching?" message flits across your laptop or television.
Arts and culture lovers would be wise to maximize the time they spend worshipping at the altar of on-demand media by perusing the list of all the arts, books and culture-related documentaries streaming right this very minute. Because it's hard to feel bad about spending an hour or three indoors when you're educating yourself on the history of Polaroid film, or the nun who inspired Henri Matisse. Knowledge, man.
Behold, 21 Netflix-ready documentaries you should stream right now:
1. "Ballet 422" (2014): For the dance-obsessed
Follow along backstage with 25-year-old choreographer Justin Peck as they work on the world premiere of "Paz de la Jolla," the New York City Ballet's 422nd production.
2. "Bill Cunningham New York" (2010): For the photography-obsessed
If you're a fan of Bill Cunningham, the now 86-year-old photographer known for both their glamorous fashion spreads and frank street shots, this is the doc for you.
3. "Salinger" (2013): For the literary-obsessed
For Salinger fans, most know the famous Catcher in the Rye author was a storied recluse. Here's your chance to peek inside their secretive life. Bonus: cameos from lots of stars like Philip Seymour Hoffman and Gore Vidal.
4. "Our Vinyl Weighs a Ton" (2014): For the avant-garde music-obsessed
If you'd like the know-how to brag about an obscure but much respected record label, watch this film and get ready to have folks like Kanye West and Mike D school you on the importance of Stones Throw Records.
5. "Sagrada" (2014): ﻿For the architecture-obsessed
Really, for anyone who enjoys architecture, Gaudi or the beauty of Barcelona.
6. "The Kingdom of Dreams and Madness" (2013): For the animation-obsessed
Step inside the world of Studio Ghibli, an animation haven co-founded by Hayao Miyazaki, the mastermind behind "Princess Mononoke" and "Ponyo," who's often called the Walt Disney of Japan.
7. "Dear Mr. Watterson" (2013): For the comics-obsessed
Everything you wanted to know about the creator of Calvin & Hobbes. Cue "awwwwww"s.
8. "Altman" (2014): For the subversive film-obsessed
This is a documentary about Robert Altman, considered by many to be one of the most influential filmmakers in history. A director and writer who lavished their anti-Hollywood reputation, Altman was equally celebrated for their work on the movie version of "MASH" as films like "Nashville" and "The Long Goodbye."
9. "Elaine Stritch: Shoot Me" (2013): ﻿For the Broadway-obsessed
A candid look at the life and career of Elaine Stritch, an actor and singer who was so much more than their iconic "30 Rock" character, Colleen Donaghy.
10. "Mona Lisa Is Missing" (2012): For the art crime-obsessed
The story of the "greatest little-known art theft" of all time, when Vincenzo Peruggia stole the "Mona Lisa."
11. "Time Zero: The Last Year of Polaroid Film" (2012): For the vintage-film obsessed
Anyone who's experienced the magic of an instant film camera -- particularly, Polaroid -- will enjoy this nostalgic trip through photo history.
12. "Ballerina" (2006): ﻿For the ballet-obsessed
Follow the lives of five Russian ballerinas as they rehearse, audition and perform throughout different periods of their lives.
13. "Tiny: A Story About Small Living" (2013): ﻿For the tiny architecture-obsessed
Do you love architecture? Do you love tiny things? This documentary will make you want to toss out your king-size bed and move into the teeny tiniest of homes.
14. "Is The Man Who Is Tall Happy?" (2013): ﻿﻿For the Michel Gondry-obsessed
No one will illuminate the thoughts of philosopher and linguist Noam Chomsky like "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind" director Michel Gondry. Bonus: lovely animations.
15. "A Model for Matisse" (2005): For the painting-obsessed
Hulton Archive via Getty Images
Meet Sister Jacques-Marie, the nun who functioned as French painter Henri Matisse's one time muse. View the trailer here.
16. "Alive Inside: A Story of Music & Memory" (2014): ﻿For the music therapy-obsessed
This documentary follows social worker Dan Cohen, founder of the nonprofit organization Music & Memory, as they explore music's ability to affect the well-being and neurological functioning of individuals with memory loss.
17. "Stripped" (2014): For the Sunday funnies-obsessed
More than a few comic artists discuss the future of newspaper cartoons. Yes, more Calvin & Hobbes.
18. "Objectified" (2009): For the design-obssessed
Ever wonder who imagined the design of the carrot peeler you use weekly for home-cooked dinners? Or that sleek chair you love sitting in at the corner coffee shop? This documentary answers all these design questions and more.
19. "Drew: The Man Behind the Poster" (2013): For the movie poster-obsessed
"Drew" refers to both the art of illustrating a movie poster by hand, and the first name of legendary movie poster artist Drew Struzan.
20. "Sherman's March" (1986): For the documentary filmmaking-obsessed
Come for the history of General William Sherman, stay for director Ross McElwee's hybrid documentary filmmaking aesthetic, in which they can't help but infuse their autobiography (of love, of heartbreak, of paranoia) into this very unique historical reflection.
21. "Hecho en Mexico" (2012): For the Mexican music-obsessed
Mexico is obviously a country far more beautifully complex than its politics and crime rates might suggest to some. This film takes viewers inside the music and art scenes so vibrant there today.
Oldies but goodies: "The Artist Is Present," "Paris Is Burning," "Fame High," "The Punk Singer," "Pina," "Bronies," "Meet the Fokkens," "Exit Through the Gift Shop," "Slavoj Žižek: The Pervert's Guide To Ideology"
﻿Also on HuffPost:
PHOTO GALLERY 10 Architectural Landmarks You Have To Visit Before You Die
Earlier this offseason, Buffalo Bills quarterback EJ Manuel told reporters that they and several teammates had plans to conduct football workouts in the coming months. Those are ongoing, per running back C.J. Spiller.
"I'm actually out here in California getting some throws in with EJ, just trying to get some timing down," Spiller told WGR 550 in an interview on Wednesday.
Manuel had noted to reporters back in late January, prior to the Super Bowl, that they and several teammates were already planning these workouts - and that the location of the sessions would likely flip between California and Texas, to accommodate receivers Robert Woods (USC) and Marquise Goodwin (Texas) as they finish up their college degrees. Manuel mentioned Stevie Johnson and T.J. Graham by name when discussing who would be involved in the workouts, as well. It's not clear who is out in California now, aside from Manuel and Spiller.
The news is also particularly interesting because of Manuel's knee procedure, which happened between the end of the 2013 season and Manuel's last conversation with reporters on January 30. It's an indication that, at minimum, he's healthy enough for football workouts, and will be good to go when organized team workouts begin later this spring.
Lance Stephenson shoots over Celtic defender Brandon Bass. The Pacers hosted the Boston Celtics in NBA action at Bankers Life Fieldhouse Sunday December 22, 2013. (Photo: Rob Goebel/The Star)
Lance Stephenson recorded their third triple-double of the season on Sunday night as they finished with 12 points, 10 rebounds and 10 assists.
When Stephenson recorded their first triple-double this season, and first of their career, they celebrated the milestone by marking their shoes. They posted this picture on their Instagram account following the game:
Lance Stephenson's shoes following their first career triple-double game. (Photo: Lance Stephenson's Instagram account.)
On Sunday, they continued the tradition and posted this picture:
Lance Stephenson's shoes following their third triple-double of the season. (Photo: Lance Stephenson's Instagram account.)
Stephenson's big game was only the latest milestone this season. They have career highs in PPG, RPG and APG as they continue to play well. Their performance on the court has teammates saying they should be an All-Star.
@StephensonLance should be an @NBA#AllStar. Top of the East n they have 3 triple doubles. Should win #MostImproved as well. I'm just saying — Roy Hibbert (@Hoya2aPacer) December 23, 2013
Hibbert isn't the only one saying that. The Star's Michael Pointer feels the same way.
Just my opinion: Lance Stephenson looks like an All-Star to me. #Pacers — Michael Pointer (@michaelpointer) December 23, 2013
In case you missed Stephenson's performance Sunday night, here's a highlight from the game. In this video they break the ankles of Boston Celtics' Courtney Lee and does a strange dance afterwards.
Fox News denied on Wednesday that a producer had “specifically” told an editor for Scientific American magazine that they should avoid discussing climate change in a “Fox & Friends” segment that aired earlier in the day about future tech trends.
After appearing on “Fox & Friends” Wednesday morning, Michael Moyer tweeted that they had wanted to talk about the impacts of climate change as a future trend but was “told to pick something else” by a producer at the show. They later wrote a fuller account of their experience for their Scientific American blog.
Moyer also told TPM they chose to share their experience after deciding that they wouldn't appear on the show again.
“I found the tone and topics of coverage while I was sitting in the green room this morning to be not something that I wanted to be a part of in the future,” they said. “I didn't realize that the drumbeat of conservative propaganda was so ubiquitous on the show.”
A Fox spokesperson sent TPM a statement on Wednesday afternoon denying that climate change was ever an issue.
“We invited Michael on for a segment on technological and scientific trends we can expect in the future. We worked closely with them and their team and there was never an issue on the topic of climate change,” Suzanne Scott, senior vice president of programming at Fox News, said in the statement. “To say they were told specifically not to discuss it, would be false.”
In response to Fox's side of the story, Moyer told TPM the producer had explicitly mentioned climate change.
“The exact quote from the Fox producer, in an email, was ‘can we replace the climate change with something else?'” Moyer wrote in an email.
System Breakpoint:
TLS Callbacks:
Entry Breakpoint:
DLL Entry:
Thread Entry:
Attach Breakpoint:
DLL Load/DLL Unload:
Thread Start/Thread End:
Enable Debug Privilege:
Breakpoint Type:
Undecorate Symbol Names:
Argument Spaces:
Memory Spaces:
Uppercase:
Autocomments only on CIP:
Run(F9):
Run(skip exceptions) (Shift+f9):
Pause(F12):
Restart(Ctrl+F2):
Close(Alt+F4):
Step Into(F7):
Step Into(skip exceptions)(Shift+F7):
Step Over(F8):
Step Over(skip exceptions)(Shift+F8):
Execute Till Return(Ctrl+F9):
Execute Till Return
(skip exceptions)(Ctrl+Shift+F9):
Execution Breakpoint:
Memory Breakpoint:
Hardware Breakpoint:
Authentication Failed. Invalid Password!
123456
Why are metal detectors a problem, unless the Muslims want to be carrying weapons?
“Israel reopens sensitive holy site, but Muslims refuse to enter,” by Shatha Yaish, AFP, July 16, 2017:
Jerusalem (AFP) – Israel reopened an ultra-sensitive holy site Sunday closed after an attack that killed two police officers, but Muslim worshippers were refusing to enter due to new security measures including metal detectors and cameras.
Crowds chanted “Allahu Akbar” (God is Greatest) as a number of initial visitors entered Jerusalem's Haram al-Sharif compound, known to Jews as the Temple Mount.
The flashpoint holy site includes the Al-Aqsa mosque and the Dome of the Rock.
Calls to prayer rang out from Al-Aqsa, but dozens of Muslim worshippers held midday prayers outside the site in protest at the new security measures.
Around 150 people gathered outside for prayers later in the afternoon. Police said some 200 people entered the compound.
“We reject the changes imposed by the Israeli government,” Sheikh Omar Kiswani, Al-Aqsa director, told reporters outside.
“We will not enter through these metal detectors.”
Some women wailed and cried while telling people not to enter….
Image caption Michael Campbell shaved the word "fool" on the back of the head of a man with learning difficulties
A barber who shaved the word "fool" on the back of the head of a man with learning difficulties has been found guilty of common assault.
Michael Campbell, 35, had been working at Jam Cuts in Stapleton Road, Bristol when 49-year-old Michael Ricketts walked into the salon on 11 February.
The court heard they asked for a pattern to be shaved but the word "fool" with a smiley face was cut instead.
Campbell had denied a charge of assault and one of failure to answer bail.
The case was adjourned for pre-sentencing reports.
Mr Ricketts who has communication difficulties was described to the court as a "vulnerable adult" who "mumbled their words" and was "difficult to understand".
Giving evidence, Campbell, from Willow House, Hartcliffe, Bristol, said Mr Ricketts had asked for a pattern and they had shaved the word "cool" but it had been misinterpreted.
They told the bench they had not noticed Mr Ricketts had learning difficulties.
No photographs were taken of the haircut and the court heard live testimony.
'Really shocked'
The court heard from three witnesses who said they were confident of the wording on the back of Mr Ricketts' head.
Jackie Lester, a senior care worker for Bristol City Council, spotted the word when Mr Ricketts visited a drop-in centre on 14 February.
They said: "At the back Michael had the word 'fool' written on the back of their head, with a little line meant to be a smiley face. I was really shocked."
Ruth Tily, defending, suggested they may have misinterpreted the word, to which Ms Lester said: "You may suggest what you like, but I am very confident about what I saw on their head.
"I just couldn't believe it. I was stunned. I asked Michael where they got the haircut from and they said Stapleton Road," Ms Lester said.
"I realised it had been reported to the police, if not I would have reported it to the police as they are a vulnerable adult."
PLOS One's most viewed paper ever is about fellatio among fruit bats. Another widely circulated study was about the shape of duck penises. (They're spiral.) But that's not the site's typical fare. On a random Wednesday this month, PLOS One published a report on how the brains of autistic children respond to the faces of loved ones versus strangers. It also posted a study that tested whether certain calcium-blocking drugs lead to breast cancer. There was a report on dog collars and one on dementia and one on the metabolism of salmon. Then 127 more studies after that. By the end of the day, I found myself impressed by the amount of material that had been added to the sum total of human knowledge. I also had a headache.
It's precisely this kind of intellectual variety, however, that Eisen craves—and that they think the popular journals have been foolish to dismiss. “Everybody would love it if you could shake a Magic 8 Ball for each paper and it would tell you if it's important or unimportant,” Eisen says. “It's impossible to tell at a given moment what observations will actually stand the test of time.” Think of nutritional science, where studies suggest carbohydrate-heavy diets one decade and have Americans shunning bread and pasta the next. A couple years ago, Stanford medic John Ioannidis selected 50 random ingredients called for by the Boston Cooking School Cook Book and found that 80 percent of them had been linked to cancer somewhere in the scientific literature. If you ask several scientists whether or not a paper should be published, says Richard Smith, former editor of the British Medical Journal, “They don't agree much more than you'd expect by chance. ... It's not much better than a lottery.”
As such, PLOS espouses a “publish first, judge later” policy. Eisen envisions a world that would dispense with peer review altogether, where researchers would present their findings as soon as they felt ready, and other scientists would evaluate the data and conclusions and weigh in publicly as they read. Editors' personal biases would be taken out of the process, and scientific progress could accelerate. “I'm perfectly capable of reading papers in my field and deciding whether they're valid or not,” Eisen says. The media and the general public, meanwhile, would learn to appreciate study results for what they are—new ideas, not inviolable facts—and follow the related research as it developed.
Eisen is aware of how radical and potentially dangerous that view is. PLOS One's practice of throwing up as many studies as possible means that sometimes its findings aren't just giggle-inducing (spiral duck penises) but downright flawed. Last year, a study claiming that clenching the right and left fists in sequence would help improve people's memories got picked up by journalists all around the world before psychologists took note and debunked it. Their criticism was so nasty—and the paper itself so flawed—that some PLOS users feared it would undermine the entire open-access movement. PLOS One has recently staffed up, though it still only vets studies to make sure that the most basic protocols have been followed. “We get a lot of quite crazy submissions,” says Damian Pattinson, PLOS One's editorial director. “People who claim to have proven Einstein wrong in their garden shed, that kind of thing.”
The problem with Eisen's method runs deeper than letting the occasional clunker of a study slip through. For one, most scientists can't pick up a paper in another field and understand it, let alone evaluate it. Researchers are also busy securing their own grants and jockeying for tenure. “They would rather do science than comment on other people's science,” says Yale sociologist Nicholas Christakis.
“If your goal were to get your work out to your colleagues as fast as possible,” says Michael Eisen, “ you'd be better off loading your paper onto a rocket ship , sending it to Mars, and beaming it back to Earth.”
There's a chilling effect to seeing your work corrected in public, too. “I'd rather have peer reviewers point out the problems with my paper in private,” says Christakis. Others don't think academics—particularly social scientists writing on controversial topics like race and class—should have to think so much about public opinion; journals offer some protection from the politics of the day. John Holmwood, a professor of sociology at the University of Nottingham, fears post-publication peer review would expose scholars to “populist attack.” Biologist Eric Moss is concerned about another kind of politics: Without the anonymous critique afforded by peer review, the academy would become “more Hollywood than it already is,” they say. “Kisses on the cheek.”
As elitist as it may sound, a paper in PLOS One (which you have to pay up to $1,350 to have published) just doesn't carry the same weight as a paper in Science. “If you try to do the right thing and make your research available online, you're actually shooting yourself in the foot career-wise,” says Ethan Perlstein, a molecular cell biologist. “How many times have we all read the abstract in PLOS One and rolled our eyes?” asked a commenter on the site itself.
It all comes down to confidence. The traditional journals may be inefficient, but they serve a purpose. By establishing a hierarchy, they help direct scientists' and journalists' limited attention to the research that deserves it. Even Eisen admits that their jumbled approach is imperfect. “If you want science to be a meritocracy,” they told me, “you have to have some measure of merit.” And for all of the good that they and PLOS One have done so far, they haven't figured out how to fix that part of the system.
The choice was politics or family, and family won out.
Pierre Karl Péladeau stunned the political world Monday by putting an early end to their short and at-times tumultuous leadership of the Parti Québécois.
Fighting back tears at a hastily called news conference at party headquarters in Montreal, Péladeau said they had no alternative but to make an “agonizing choice” between family and their political dream of making Quebec a country.
“I chose my family,” Péladeau said as shocked aides stood by wiping tears. “I made this decision for the good of my children. I must, for them, remain a model.”
They announced they would be leaving politics completely and immediately — including stepping down as the MNA for St-Jérôme.
They took no questions but insisted in their statement that their belief Quebec should become a country has not wavered.
“I will remain a PQ member,” Péladeau said. “I am convinced the future of Quebec and of Quebecers comes through the independence of our nation.”
To say their departure was last minute and not part of the plan is an understatement, with the party and political class — even their closest staff — taken completely by surprise.
“It's incredible,” a senior aide said.
Members of the PQ caucus were informed only in the moments before their news conference in a telephone conference call.
And last week they showed no signs of someone headed for the exit — naming a new chief of staff and a new director of communications as they continued to make their mark on the job of opposition leader of the National Assembly.
The decision, however, comes a day after their wife, television producer and personality Julie Snyder, appeared on the Tout le monde en parle television talk show on Radio-Canada.
The two have been in divorce mediation for weeks after being married less than a year. In their interview, Snyder referred to the mediation process as being “a real challenge,” and said they and Péladeau were trying to protect their three young children in the process.
“I hope we will be a good model,” Snyder said.
They also revealed political life had taken a toll on their family life. They were so stressed during the leadership race they started smoking again.
“Politics is violent,” Snyder said.
But they also said the day Péladeau asked them to marry them was the “most beautiful day of their life.”
“We wanted to rebuild our family nest, our team,” they said. “We worked a long time on couple's therapy. My references, my horizons, my country, was Pierre Karl. It's clear it was everything I had hoped for.”
Aides would not say if Snyder's appearance on the show was directly related to the surprise resignation.
But late Monday, sources confirmed a child custody battle between Péladeau and Snyder had emerged in the mediation process which explains Péladeau's statement about having “no alternative,” but to leave politics for the good of the children.
The couple have three children, Romy, 7, and Thomas, 10. Péladeau has a 16-year-old daughter, Marie, from a previous marriage.
The eighth leader in the PQ's 40-year history — and the fifth in 15 years — the millionaire media mogul Péladeau leaves the job just short of a year at the helm. In all, they were there for 50 weeks.
Related
After a staid leadership race in which it was clear Péladeau — a rare high-profile sovereignist business person — was an unstoppable force, they were declared the winner May 15, 2015, with 57.58 per cent of the vote.
Their departure means the already struggling PQ — polling at about 26 per cent and with the second opposition party, the Coalition Avenir Québec, nipping at its heels with 25 per cent — is again without a leader.
The party caucus is to meet Friday in Quebec City and select an interim leader. Taschereau MNA Agnès Maltais is a possible choice as is Jonquière MNA Sylvain Gaudreault.
That person has the daunting task of leading the official opposition in the National Assembly until the session ends in June. Recessed this week, the house resumes sitting Tuesday.
And with less than two years to the 2018 election, the party will be distracted and further torn by a leadership race.
Within moments of their departure, social media was abuzz about possible successors. The names of the candidates in the last race, Rosemont MNA Jean-François Lisée, initially one of Péladeau's harshest critics, Marie-Victorin MNA Bernard Drainville, the father of the ill-fated charter of values, and Vachon MNA Martine Ouellet, who represents the party's left wing, started floating.
One to watch is Lac-Saint-Jean MNA Alexandre Cloutier, who placed second in the 2015 race with about 30 per cent of the vote. If Justin Trudeau incarnated a new generation in the federal Liberals, Cloutier has the same qualities going for them in the PQ.
Another rising star is the high profile MNA for Joliette, Véronique Hivon, who made a name for themselves handling the thorny assisted-death issue. As for possible outsiders, former PQ MNA Jean-Martin Aussant, a protégé of Jacques Parizeau, is a possible candidate.
In the meantime, Péladeau's short tenure as leader will be dissected again and again starting with the fact that as a business person they struggled to adapt to public life.
Used to getting their own way and known for their short temper, they complained about reporters asking them a lot of questions and daring to call them on their mobile phone.
Their speaking style was awkward and their lack of knowledge about the PQ's history very evident. They slipped up numerous times. Just before Christmas, they candidly admitted they had a lot to learn (les croûtes à manger) about being a political leader.
After their spectacular arrival on the political scene, which included the now celebrated fist pump for a country, getting to the promised land proved to be more complicated than they imagined.
There was a caucus to manage with many feathers to unruffle. In a particularly low period in October 2015, party stalwart, Stéphane Bédard, the MNA for Chicoutimi, resigned after being demoted from their house leader's job.
Péladeau promised to create a new sovereignty think tank to prepare the way for a future referendum but ended up having to chip in their own money to get it off the ground.
They chose to retain controlling ownership of the Québecor media empire, which left them open to attacks from the other parties.
A promise to put the shares into a blind trust never happened because Péladeau refused to entertain the possibility of someone selling the family holdings left to them by their father Pierre Péladeau.
They wound up putting the shares in an arm's length management company, something the Liberals and CAQ said fell short of a real blind trust because the management company was told it was not allowed to sell the shares.
And despite the PQ's hopes for a so-called, “Péladeau effect,” sovereignty continued to languish in public opinion under their watch. In fact, the idea is less popular today than it was the day they took over the PQ.
On the other hand, Péladeau was hugely popular with the party's rank-and-file and had a good two years ahead to continue improving himself.
Indeed, over the last three months, they seemed to be coming into their comfort zone as leader suggesting they would peak in time for the 2018 election.
But there is one more consequence, the biggest, in connection with their departure. The Quebec Liberals lose their best political foil in the form of Péladeau's hardline sovereignty stance.
The “scary Péladeau” factor ensured support for the Liberals remained strong. Their participation in the 2014 election campaign was considered a turning point, which helped bring down former leader Pauline Marois's minority government.
More recently, pollsters pointed to the Péladeau factor as one reason for the “resilience,” of Premier Philippe Couillard's government despite a series of gaffes and missteps including the arrest of former deputy premier Nathalie Normandeau.
pauthier@montrealgazette.com
Twitter.com/philipauthier
“Rodents of unusual size? I don't think they exist,” says Westley, the young heroic lead in "The Princess Bride," an instant before they get tackled by a rat the size of a bear.
Turns out the 1987 cult classic film has some reality behind it. Though a bear-size rat hasn't yet materialized in archeology, fossils from the largest rat ever were recently discovered by researchers from the Australian National University (ANU). About the size of a miniature dachsund, it used to live alongside humans on the Southeast Asian island nation of East Timor thousands of years ago, they said.
ANU scientists are now trying to determine why the rats vanished about a thousand years ago. They suspect humans, which seem to have first moved through the Southeast Asian islands 46,000 years ago, had something to do with it.
“The reason we think they became extinct is because that was when metal tools started to be introduced in Timor [and] people could start to clear forests at a much larger scale," said ANU paleontologist Julien Louys in a statement online.
The research team said that the information it is gathering on how humans interacted with and affected their environment on the islands over thousands of years can be used to inform modern conservation efforts.
“We're trying to find the earliest human records as well as what was there before humans arrived," Dr. Louys said.
They added, "Once we know what was there before humans got there, we see what type of impact they had."
The Australian team discovered the fossils of seven species of these giant rats recently while trying to map the earliest human movement through Southeast Asia as part of a project called “From Sunda to Sahul.”
The biggest rats, they reported in a statement, were the size of a small dog, 10 times bigger than the rodents we're familiar with today.
It seems that humans not only lived alongside the beastly rats thousands of years ago, they also ate them, researchers report.
“We know they're eating the giant rats because we have found bones with cut and burn marks," Louys said.
Though the giant rat is an impressive new discovery, it's certainly not the most astonishing example of a modern animal that has shrunk over millennia by evolutionary forces to a more manageable size (as far as humans are concerned).
In 2009, paleontologists discovered fossils of a school-bus-length relative of a boa constrictor in Colombia. Its 2,500 pounds were expected to have slithered through the Amazonian forest about 60 million years ago, after the dinosaurs died out.
But there are giants still among us today who survived mass extinctions, one of which wiped out the dinosaurs 65.5 million years ago.
Namely, the blue whale, the largest known animal to have ever lived. Some have been recorded at about 100 feet long, though 70 to 90 feet is the average length. That's the length of three school buses. They weigh about 200,000 to 300,000 pounds.
There's also the American bison, elephants, and rhinos, as Slate pointed out.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Scientists believe that bulk can confer evolutionary advantages, reports Slate. Bigger animals don't need to worry about predators so much and can beat out all others for resources. Prodigious size can help warm-blooded animals retain heat in cold climates, or alternatively, it can help insulate cold-blooded animals and keep them from overheating in hot climates.
And it could bring giants back. It took 15 million years for giant mammals to come back after the dinosaurs died; the last major extinction happened about 12,000 years ago. If giant rats ever roam the Earth again, it likely won't be for a very long time.
The PBE has been updated! As we continue the 6.17 PBE cycle, today's update includes several skin tweaks for, andContinue reading for more information!
( Warning : PBE Content is tentative and subject to change - what you see below may not reflect what eventually gets pushed to live servers at the end of the cycle! Manage your expectations accordingly.)
Skin Updates
Today's update includes several changes for various skins - including Arcade Ahri & Ezreal + Dark Star Thresh!
Several tweaks to Arcade Ahri today, including their taunt emote now having a pixel heart instead of just the orb and adding blur effects to their Spirit Rush (R):
From KateyKhaos on Twitter:- "Dark Star Thresh's lantern toss has been modified to look a bit less like Syndra's orbs!"
Balance Changes * Remember *: The PBE is a testing ground for new, tentative, and sometimes radical or experimental changes. Be aware that what you see below may be lacking context or other changes that didn't make it in or were implemented in an earlier patch this cycle! These are not official notes.
*: The PBE is a testing ground for new, tentative, and sometimes radical or experimental changes. Be aware that what you see below may be lacking context or other changes that didn't make it in or were implemented in an earlier patch this cycle! These areofficial notes.
[ Not seeing any in today's update! ]
: Additional changes previously undocumented,also has a new pixelated heal for their passive.Here's a short video including all three of the changes mentioned above:has also had an arrow added to their R, pointing in direction R will fire - this was added to sort of make up for their skin not drawing the large bow that their base vfx use.Here's a short video:Last up -appears has received changes to their latern toss to distinguish it fromorbs:
On Thursday, the Supreme Court unanimously struck down a Massachusetts law that barred protesters from aggressively targeting and spreading misinformation to already-nervous patients as they entered abortion clinics. The law in question established 35-foot buffer zones around entrances to Massachusetts abortion clinics, and arose in response to a 1994 anti-abortion killing spree. Protesters were and are free to offer their unwanted counsel from beyond the buffer. The court, which enforces its own buffer zone — presumably to protect the justices from lobbying or harassment — was unanimous in striking down the Massachusetts law but divided in its reasoning. Chief Justice Roberts believes the law placed undue limits on the rights of peaceful petitioners. Justices Alito and Scalia claimed the law explicitly discriminated against the anti-choice viewpoint. Roberts is wrong: The majority of these people are far from peaceful. And Alito and Scalia are themselves anti-choice zealots who have apparently never visited an abortion clinic. Because the Court's decision was unanimous, some are treating this decision as if it were sane, sensible, and not particularly harmful to women. The truth is that it's anything but.
The last thing a woman about to have an abortion needs is to be screamed at by the godly. Richard Posner Judge, Seventh U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals
I volunteered at an abortion clinic in Buffalo, New York, when I was in high school in the 1990s. The majority of the protesters I encountered daily were engaged in active harassment, not peaceful protest. Sure, a handful of them fingered rosaries and prayed. But others waved fake, lurid photographs of aborted fetuses and screamed horrible things at women in a vulnerable position. It was disrespectful and unnecessary; as Richard Posner, a conservative judge on the 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, recently put it in Slate, “The last thing a woman about to have an abortion needs is to be screamed at by the godly.” In 1995 the federal appeals court in New York upheld a lower court's imposition of a 15-foot buffer zone around abortion clinics in Rochester and my hometown of Buffalo. Two sidewalk counselors were permitted to enter the 15-foot zone at a time, but the lower court's order mandated that they leave the protected area as soon as the person they were harassing asked them to. In 1997 the establishment of a 15-foot floating buffer zone around individuals entering abortion clinics was overturned, but a 15-foot buffer zone at clinic entrances was upheld.
Rage and murder
When I started volunteering at the clinic, I was told that protesters had to stay beyond the buffer. So when a man approached a friend and me one day and began to engage us in seemingly benign conversation, I wasn't immediately alarmed. That man turned out to be a member of the extremist anti-abortion group Operation Rescue/Save America. Our conversation quickly took an ugly turn. After a series of normal questions about school, they abruptly began asking us creepy questions about our sex lives and attacking our morals. This went on for a few more minutes as my friend and I, stunned and terrified, looked around for help. Eventually an adult who worked for the clinic showed up and sent our antagonist packing. I was 16, and I had learned an unforgettable lesson about members of the anti-choice movement: They were aggressive and sadistic. There was nothing to be gained from sexually menacing two teenage girls — no “babies” to be “saved” in our case — just a man who wanted to picture us having sex and make us squirm. Then in October 1998, Dr. Barnett Slepian, a Buffalo obstetrician, was murdered in their kitchen by an anti-abortion zealot. They and their wife had just returned home from synagogue. Their four young sons were home at the time of their murder. The vicious attack on Slepian hardened my resolve to continue volunteering. But it was a scary time for Buffalo and a scary time for women and the doctors, male and female, who bravely continued to care for them.
Catholic grandmas
Ninja Theory's Hellblade is coming to PC, PC Gamer can exclusively reveal. The third-person hack-and-slash game from the DmC and Enslaved studio was previously announced for PS4 at Gamescom, but it'll also arrive on PC with possible mod support and more.
“I think PC offers us a level of freedom that we haven't had before,” the studio's creative chief Tameem Antoniades told me. “We're looking at everything we do on this project and figuring out better ways of doing things compared to how the traditional AAA console model works. And consoles are following suit with PC, but I think they're years behind what things like Steam are doing. If we want to do an open beta right now, it's a little bit trickier to do that than on PC. Playtesting is a huge thing for us. Usability testing, getting people hands-on to try things out, get feedback, then roll that back in and improve the game... it's always been essential for us to do that. Not every publisher has let us, because of the secrecy that goes into consoles and publisher-based businesses. As an independent we have the freedom to do that.”
The aim is for Hellblade to be future-proof on PC—possibly supporting 4K resolution and maybe even mods, too. “I think we want to get to the point where we can invite players and fans to add to the game, and do things that are unexpected, and suggest ideas or add-ons that can make the game richer.”
The full story on Hellblade and my studio visit to Ninja Theory will be in PC Gamer UK 275, which subscribers will start receiving tomorrow and will be on-sale on January 15, as well as PC Gamer US 263, which subscribers will start receiving from January 20 and will be on-sale February 3.
Collusion between far-right militias and the KCPD demonstrates the need for real community self defense
Fascism is death — this is a truth all communists know. However, there comes a time when knowledge of the truth alone is not sufficient, a time when it is necessary to grasp that truth and wield it in the name of self-preservation. Fascists and their organizations are bubbling up from every crevice in this country, emboldened as they are by their demagogic leader Trump, and the pacifist nature and indifference that characterizes much of the resistance to Trumpite fascism.
Yet a more militant resistance is emerging, one that we wholeheartedly support and seek to enrich. A resistance based on the immense power and determination of the working class and oppressed masses, increasingly being led by their most conscious and militant defenders, communists.
The duty of every communist is to serve the people regardless of personal gains or losses. This is the lifeblood that sustains a revolutionary movement and truly makes us invincible, namely, the trust, admiration, and love we have for the People, and the People for us. It is because of our communist duty, and our understanding as Marxist-Leninist-Maoists that fascism will only crumble when struck, that we must take self-defense seriously, both the armed and the unarmed type.
Recently a march for prisoners was held in Kansas City to protest the vile and criminally torturous prison system that imprisons our class, and particularly the Black and Chicano Nations en masse. Spirits were high as many people passed by a recently vandalized Confederate monument, an act that dedicated communists took upon themselves based on the overwhelming desire of the masses to see it removed, yet for all the successes of the march there was one glaring problem.
A small detachment of armed Three Percenters had positioned themselves on the perimeter of the march to, in their words, “protect” and “ensure the safety” of the march. Knowing the political character of Patriot groups like the Three Percenters, and having directly confronted them at a recent counter-demonstration of the fascist group ACT for America, we know that those words are hollow.
Their role, like that of the police, is that of the foot soldiers and ideological partisans of this decaying reactionary order. Their presence was a clear political statement of their intent to work hand in hand with the Kansas City Police Department to corral and harass the People and to continue their clamp down on local communists.
The following day provided more damning evidence of the direct collaboration between the police and local Patriot groups. An anonymous source emailed us a video showing the militiamen and the police debriefing each other before Sunday's action to protest the Confederate memorial, which had already been prepped for removal thanks to the direct action of communists.
Many ordinary people at both events were noticeably alarmed and shaken by the presence of the Three Percenters, which turned to outrage and righteous anger once their alliance was exposed. Since the videos have been exposed they have spread like wildfire, with numerous new outlets picking up the story, yet KCPD has remained largely silent beyond issuing a pathetic statement denying their collaboration with armed fascists. Of course the video and picture evidence proves the lies of the pigs for what they are, a lot of hot air.
In this context we recognize the importance of self-defense, not only to resist local fascist goons, but their friends in the KCPD. Pigs and fascists are cut from the same cloth, and perform the same political function, that of crushing mercilessly the working class and its most militant and revolutionary detachments. Now this reality is being exposed to the masses in Kansas City. In their eyes the pigs and fascists have now become indistinguishable.
Objective reality is transforming the consciousness of thousands of people, and it is the duty of us communists to mobilize and organize the masses into a fighting force. This is why we encourage members of our class to attend collective self-defense classes, to familiarize themselves with the techniques of street fighting and disarmament. These are techniques that are necessary when engaging in any combat with fascists. But we must also now insist on training with arms. We should never fall behind the enemy, in fact we should be several steps ahead of them, and our enemy has always been armed. If we wish to protect ourselves, our class, and defeat the horrors of organized fascism then we must pick up and familiarize ourselves with the gun.
Every protest should be viewed as a school of war, and every war requires disciplined self-defense without exception. We mean to make war on capitalism, imperialism, and fascism. We learn war through making it, just as we learn the gun by picking it up. Practice has served as our greatest teacher, and will continue to do so. We see no greater service to the People than by propagating, strengthening, and broadening self-defense programs and training, both armed and unarmed, to stave off fascist terror. We will not fail in our task.
Advertisements
WASHINGTON, Aug 1 (Reuters) - U.S. embassies that would normally be open this Sunday - including those in Abu Dhabi, Baghdad and Cairo - will be closed that day because of unspecified security concerns, the U.S. State Department said on Thursday.
CBS News reported that the embassy closings were tied to U.S. intelligence about an al Qaeda plot against U.S. diplomatic posts in the Middle East and other Muslim countries. CBS said the intelligence did not mention a specific location.
"The Department of State has instructed certain U.S. embassies and consulates to remain closed or to suspend operations on Sunday, August 4th," State Department spokesperson Marie Harf told reporters at their daily briefing. "Security considerations have led us to take this precautionary step."
Harf declined to detail the "security considerations" or name the embassies and consulates that would be closed, but a senior State Department official told reporters later they were those that would normally have been open on Sunday.
A quick search of the State Department website showed that those included several U.S. missions in the Muslim world, including the embassies in Abu Dhabi, Baghdad and Cairo.
CBS News said U.S. embassies would also be closed in Bahrain, Israel, Jordan, Kuwait, Libya, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Yemen, Afghanistan and Bangladesh.
"The department has been apprised of information that, out of an abundance of caution and care for our employees and others who may be visiting our installations ... indicates we should institute these precautionary steps," Harf said. "The department, when conditions warrant, takes steps like this to balance our continued operations with security and safety." (Reporting by Arshad Mohammed; Editing by Bill Trott and Peter Cooney)
Park Place Motorsports will return to IMSA's WeatherTech SportsCar Championship in the No. 73 Porsche 911 GT3 R with Porsche Factory Driver Jörg Bergmeister, young standout Matt McMurry and Team Principal/driver Patrick Lindsey.
Bergmeister and Lindsey will represent Park Place Motorsports in all 12 WeatherTech Championship races of the 2017 season with McMurry being brought in for each of the four Tequila Patròn North American Endurance Cup races.
The trio was brought together in 2016 for a season of challenges and success that included two, second place finishes; one at Detroit Belle Isle, the other being Road America. Park Place Motorsports garnered five top-ten finishes overall. Both Lindsey and McMurry had standout qualifying performances. Lindsey scored a second-place starting position in Detroit while McMurry, 19, blew seasoned professionals away at Road Atlanta with their second-place qualifying effort. To note, McMurry was the highest qualifying Porsche driver at Petit Le Mans.
Lindsey learned their team would reconvene for 2017 unchanged in late November. The opportunity to continue working with McMurry and aid in their advancement as well as work with one of the best from Porsche Motorsports with Bergmeister is Lindsey's perfect storm on track. The combination of experience levels and personalities equate to a supremely competitive team.
“Jörg is great to have because of their out and out pace and experience. Just having that competitive force inside of the team is a glue that binds everyone tighter together. He's actually a younger brother so you wouldn't expect this but they have the heart of an older brother or a father to build up a budding talent like Matt. He's there to extract Matt's full potential and it's amazing to see what they accomplish when that happens. Look at Matt's Petit qualifying from last year, I expect to see more of that from him.
“Of course having the same drivers in the car allow you to continue where you left off and build rather than begin again. That will hopefully be somewhat of an advantage as the GTD class has a few new entrants this year. I believed we could accomplish a lot last year, and we didn't necessarily hit the marks we wanted. But I'll set my hopes equally high, if not higher, this year because I know we have a crew and lineup that is set to achieve.”
Each driver brings a wish list of what they personally want to accomplish as a team. The obvious and most consistent wish on the list, more wins. In retrospect racecraft will have areas of refining and the car setup will change as well. Porsche also weighed in with suggestions during the off-season. In fact, the manufacturer gave specific instructions to McMurry.
“I was invited to the Porsche Young Driver's Academy so I have my list of things I can work on this year,” McMurry said. “I think the number one thing I need to work on is to be fast immediately. I can work up to a good pace but it usually takes me too long to get up to speed. I need to be as fast as all the other pros in practice one rather than by qualifying.
“Being in the Porsche has taught me a lot. A Porsche needs to be driven in a certain way, and that was not the way I drove coming into this. I drive very smoothly but in a Porsche, you really have to wheel it around, it makes driving more difficult. You have to work hard to drive that car, but it makes it a fun car to drive.”
The consistency of a driver lineup is not a perk all teams experience. Both McMurry and Bergmeister have attributed the benefit of consistency to the team atmosphere. They also express their own liking of the team to the crew and people Park Place Motorsports is comprised.
“There's something about Park Place in general I don't really know how they do it but, everyone gets along well,” McMurry said. “All the crew is super friendly with each other. Patrick and John (Horton, Lead Engineer) are good friends so I think that sets the tone. It makes it easy to get to know the crew and feel like you're truly a part of the team.”
“I think being back with the same team will help my performance. The only other time I've spent more than one season with a team was when I drove for JDC in Prototype Challenge (previously Prototype Lites). It's a huge help to drive the same car two years in a row. I don't get to do that too often. Working with the engineers consistently helps to get the car dialed in to where you like it too.”
Bergmeister reiterated McMurry and also touched on what they deemed to be unfinished business the team is well prepared to accomplish in 2017.
“We grew together as a team pretty well towards the end of the year,” Bergmeister said. “We ran smoothly after, what you could call, a rough start to the season. We have unfinished business, not only in championship standings but hopefully we can add a couple wins during the season. Overall, I would say we have all the ingredients along with more experience with the car to pull it off. Therefore, I look forward to the season this year. I enjoy the atmosphere and having the ability to really work with John (Horton) and Patrick on driving and setup.”
Park Place Motorsports is thrilled to once again be a team representing Porsche in the top tier of North American sports car racing. The IMSA WeatherTech SportsCar Championship begins with the twice around the clock endurance classic, 24 Hours At Daytona in Daytona Beach, Florida. The race weekend begins January 26, visit imsa.com for tickets and event details.
Attachment is the phenomenon that is associated with how people attach to others in relationship. This includes their expectations, beliefs, needs, and behaviors under relationships stress. Attachment patterns start to be mapped in the earliest childhood (birth -18 months or so) and are a reflection of how available, stable, and attentive the primary caregiver.
The more attentive and responsive a parent is (e.g., able to read the infant's cues and respond appropriately with care, love, and boundaries), the more likely the child will develop secure attachment , such as being able to form and maintain loving relationships, experience more self-esteem and better mental health. However, if the caregiver is unable to respond and attend, does so inconsistently, or is abusive, then the child will be more likely to develop insecure attachment.
It is not just the quality of attention and care from adults that helps shape the attachment style of kids, but also their environment. Growing up in an insecure setting, such as a violent neighborhood, a refugee or immigrant situation, or an alcoholic home, can also trigger insecure attachment wiring. It is not always a matter of parenting, but also the environment.
Children with insecure attachment and will be at greater risk for addictions, mental health struggles, unsupportive relationships, and challenges with meeting life goals.
Insecure Attachment
Insecure attachment is not a fatalistic paradigm in which inattentive parenting equals a miserable life, but the chances are increased and the effort required to overcome these challenges will be greater. The good news is that attachment styles and patterns can be changed. A lot of therapy these days focuses on this, especially when it comes to treating trauma, addictions, and codependency.
Secure Relationships
Secure relationships can be incredibly healing and can help kids survive crises and trauma in their lives. A present, caring, attentive, boundaried parent will be able to “wire” a child's brain for resilience, self-esteem, and a positive outlook. Without that, kids are more likely to act out against authority, act out against themselves, or isolate from family members. A lot of the time, this will result in addictive patterns.
Children With Unmet Emotional Needs
In an insecure attachment scenario, the infant will cry or act in a way that is communicating a need to the parent. If that need isn't met or met consistently, then the child will learn other ways to get that need met: act out more (tantrums), seek negative attention, be excessively clingy, whine, or try to be as good as they can. If those don't work, then they will turn to other safer sources to meet their needs: drugs and friends, food, sex, running away, perfectionism, or cutting. Those are all ways kids try to regulate themselves and get their needs met in the absence of a consistent and caring caregiver.
Addicts And Attachment Insecurity
Most addicts (if not all) have attachment trauma. Ask any addict about their deepest pain and they will most likely talk about their dysfunctional families. A parent who is in active addiction, works too much, is stressed, has anger issues, is codependent, or has experienced trauma or grew up with those who did, may have a hard time parenting, and that may result in an insecure style for kids.
What this means is that these kids are more likely to have brains wired to expect rejection, being ignored, not feeling good enough, and being angry, depressed, anxious, and disregulated. They also tend to have focus and attention problems, and addictions. When kids stop using their addictive substances and behaviors, these issues will usually come to the surface.
Healing Old Wounds
Working with these kids requires a lot of focus on offering them a consistent and loving relationship. This is a large part of teaching them that their wiring can be changed and they can be loved and are lovable. It also requires attending as best we can to them and helping them to access their attachment wounds. These are usually very deep, as they happened pre-verbally.
This is why a lot of addicts – adults and kids – can't tell you why they do what they do, and can be so hard to work with. Their beliefs about the possibility of love, lovability, and hope are so negative that it requires a lot of support and effort to help someone change their beliefs. This takes time. But it is possible.
Key To Success
When kids have the experience of having their needs met, as well as some healing in their families, they are set up for success and will be able to let go of the behaviors that used to act as inadequate substitutes for love and boundaries.
You May Also Be Interested In
Facebook is facing an unusual degree of scrutiny as Robert Mueller's team of prosecutors makes the social network a central focus of the Justice Department's probe into Russian interference in the 2016 election, including how the platform was used to disseminate foreign propaganda and misleading news stories. Earlier this month, Facebook told congressional investigators that it sold about $100,000 worth of ads to a pro-Kremlin Russian troll farm that targeted U.S. voters. But while some lawmakers appeared frustrated by Facebook's overly general answers to their inquiries, Mueller isn't asking nicely.
On Friday, CNN reported that the special counsel obtained a search warrant for copies of the Russia-linked ads. According to The Wall Street Journal, the information includes details about the fake accounts that bought the ads and the targeting criteria that was used to reach U.S. voters. They may serve to provide Mueller with a more detailed picture of how the purchased ads helped influence voter sentiment during the 2016 election.
The latest revelation could mark a turning point in Mueller's investigation. In order to obtain a search warrant, the former F.B.I. director would have had to prove that they have evidence suggesting a crime occurred and that it occurred on Facebook. “He would have to sort of lay out evidence showing that this crime had occurred, not just merely say so, but records that they had obtained, testimony that had been given, or interviews that people gave to the F.B.I.,” former federal prosecutor Renato Mariotti told CBS News on Sunday. “It's a very serious and significant move forward for the Mueller investigation.” Anyone who was part of that effort could be criminally liable, they added. Because Mueller has been looking at relatively specific, narrow crimes, Mariotti said they believe the special counsel's office is “closing in on charging foreign individuals.” As Chris Smith wrote for Vanity Fair on Friday, some lawmakers believe that investigation could include a closer look at the election data operation run by Jared Kushner and Trump's digital campaign chief, Brad Parscale, as well as their work with the data-mining firm Cambridge Analytica.
Facebook hasn't provided the same ads to members of the House and Senate Intelligence Committees, citing its privacy policy in accordance with the federal Stored Communications Act. And some elected officials seem to be losing their patience. Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said Sunday on ABC's This Week that “a lot of unanswered questions” about Facebook and the Russian-linked ads remain, and that their committee is planning to ask for more information from Facebook. “We need to know the full extent of their use of social media to influence us from Facebook, from Twitter, from Google, from any social media or search engine,” Schiff said. “They need to be fully forthcoming. And I'm confident they will. I think, frankly, they need to come and testify before Congress because there's a lot we need to know about this.”
The fallout from the 2016 election continues to be a political problem for Facebook, which is under unprecedented pressure on Capitol Hill from both sides of the aisle. Republicans, who have always been skeptical of Facebook's political biases, are reportedly investigating whether the social network poses national security threats and are looking at ways to rein it in. And Democrats are working on legislation to force Facebook to disclose more information about the political ads it serves online. Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr, a North Carolina Republican, has said that it's “probably more of a question of when” than if Facebook officials will have to testify. The committee's top Democrat, Senator Mark Warner, has argued that “the whole notion of social media and how it is used in political campaigns is the wild wild west.” They added that Facebook's earlier denials “in the immediate aftermath of our elections” raise questions about what the company knew, and when it knew it.
Rumors are swirling that Blake Griffin, forward for the Los Angeles Clippers, is on the trade block and the Chicago Bulls are interested in making a deal. The Clippers may just be testing the waters to see if they could get an exceptional deal for Griffin, or perhaps they want to make a move right now. Griffin has been the subject of rumors since the beginning of last season, but with the wild offseason the NBA has had so far it seems like teams are willing to deal.
Griffin had an injury plagued 2015-16 season. They only played in 35 games in the regular season. Griffin also got into a physical altercation with a member of the Clippers' staff. This may mean there is a bit of tension in the organization and both Griffin and the Clippers could want to part ways to avoid future problems.
The Chicago Bulls are in need of a solid post player after losing both Joakim Noah and Pao Gasol during the offseason this year. Griffin had been one of the top post players in the league until injuries starting popping up last season.
Before the injuries, Griffin was a prominent scorer for the Clippers in their six years in the league as they average 21 points per game in their career. Griffin has also been efficient, shooting a career 52% from the field. Griffin is also a five time all-star, something Taj Gibson and Nikola Mirotic both have yet to accomplish in their careers.
The Bulls may be willing to part ways with forward Nikola Mirotic an forward Taj Gibson in order to have a chance at landing Blake Griffin.
Mirotic is a player that shows a lot of potential and has big games, but is never consistently great. Mirotic did bring some much-needed long range shooting to the Bulls, but with the recent signing of Isaiah Canaan that is not such a necessity at this point, and Blake Griffin has improved their shooting as well shooting 40% from beyond the arc in 2014-2015.
Taj Gibson is 31 now, and the Chicago Bulls could be willing to trade them since they will be an unrestricted free agent in the 2017 offseason. If the Bulls do not see a deal in the future it may be beneficial to get what they can now in the form of a trade.
Griffin would be a great acquisition for a team that seems stuck in limbo. It would certainly be interesting to see how Rajon Rondo, Jimmy Butler, and Dwayne Wade would work with Griffin. If all the egos could be maintained, it may be a recipe for success.
If you would like to receive an email each time a new Chicago Bulls article is published, fill out our email notification form.
Yields: 12
2 packages angel hair pasta
25 baby roma tomatoes
1 yellow onion , cut in thin wedges
1 Tbs horseradish mustard
2 Tbs sugar , if necessary
2 eggplants
1/3 cup olive oil , as needed
10 cloves garlic , halved
2 shallots , thinly sliced
2 tablespoons unsalted butter , cubed
4 tablespoons fresh basil leaves , thinly sliced, + extra for garnish
1 tablespoon fresh oregano , coarsely chopped
1 teaspoon fresh rosemary , finely chopped
1/2 teaspoon red chili flakes
4 tablespoons tomato paste
1/3 cup heavy cream
2 teaspoons sea salt , + extra for pasta water
1 tsp white peppercorns
1/3 cup parmesan cheese powder , freshly ground, + extra when serving
Preheat the oven at 400°F.
For the grilled eggplants: Trim eggplants and slice lengthwise into 5 pieces. Layer a cooling rack on top of a cookie sheet (to collect all the excess moisture). Place the eggplant slices on the rack. Sprinkle with salt and let sit for about 20 minutes. Pat dry using a paper towel. Brush a hot griddle pan with olive oil. Drizzle oil on the eggplant slices. Place the slices on the griddle. Cook until you get grill marks (about 3-4 minutes on each side) on a medium heat. Remove from the pan. Cut the grilled eggplants into 2 to 2-1/2 inches chunks. Set aside.
For the roasted baby roma tomatoes: Slice the baby roma tomatoes in half. Grease a baking sheet with a little olive oil. Place the tomatoes skin side down. Add the onion wedges. Season with salt and pepper. Add 2 tablespoons of sliced basil, oregano and rosemary. Drizzle about 1-2 tablespoons of olive oil. Bake for 45 minutes at 375°F. Let the tomatoes cool for a few minutes. Reserve about 1 dozen roasted tomato halves for a nice presentation.
For the angel hair pasta: Bring about 5 quarts of water to a boil. Add the pasta, bring back to a boil, then immediately lower the heat to a gentle boil. That way the pasta is cooked all the way through evenly. Cook the pasta for about 12 minutes total. Salt the water halfway through the cooking process (it will bring out the natural flavor of the pasta and the pasta will be more tender) and keep stirring every now and then so that the pasta does not stick to the bottom. It may take longer than the cooking time that is written on the box. When the pasta is cooked (cooked inside and out but still in shape and firm), Reserve about 1/3 cup to 1/2 cup of pasta water and drain the pasta (do NOT rinse). In a large pan, heat about 2 tablespoons of olive oil . Add the halved garlic. Cook until it's completely golden. Transfer the garlic to a plate. In the same pan, add the sliced shallot. Cook until it's golden. Add the angel hair pasta and butter. Add about 1/2 the amount of the golden garlic. Toss the pasta using tongs for about 3-4 minutes. If the pasta starts sticking to the bottom, add a little pasta water. Transfer to a large serving platter.
For the roasted tomato pink sauce: In a food processor, coarsely pulse the rest of the roasted tomatoes and onion (about 4 pulses). In the same pan, add the rest of the olive oil. Add the tomato paste, pulsed tomatoes, sugar (if needed), red chili flakes, 1/3 cup of pasta water, parmesan powder, horseradish mustard, 1 tablespoon of sliced basil and the remaining golden garlic. Cook for about 3-4 minutes. Add the heavy cream. Stir well. Add the rest of the halved roasted tomatoes and grilled eggplant chunks. Cook for another minute. Add the rest of the basil.
Assembly time: On each plate, place some angel hair pasta and some roasted tomato pink sauce. Sprinkle some parmesan cheese powder and garnish with basil leaves.
Bon appétit!
Thank you to everyone who came along to the final ever Top Hat Tuesday show on December 4th. It was a fantastic evening of magic and celebration, and a very fitting farewell to our beloved show. Top Hat Tuesday was Melbourne's longest running monthly magic show, spanning 7 years and 75 different shows, and all made possible because of Melbourne's wonderful magic community (magicians and fans alike). So thank you to everyone who was a part of it – whether from the stage or the audience – we will miss you all immensely. I also want to thank the hard work and commitment of my Top Hat Tuesday Team: Dom, Siew-Li and Tay, whose ongoing passion and dedication kept the show rolling, month after month. And of course to Anthony and the whole crew at The 86 for giving us such a wonderful and colourful home for all these years.
Our Top Hat Tuesday finale marked the end of an era, but magic remains very much alive and strong here in Melbourne. If you haven't already, be sure to check out Sleight Night and Magicians At Work, and of course, don't forget that Melbourne positively explodes with magic every July for the fantastic Melbourne Magic Festival.
I look forward to seeing you at these and other magic events in and around Melbourne – we truly are lucky to have one of the most vibrant magic communities in the world. So until then, thanks again, and have a safe, happy and magical New Year.
Yours in magic,
Bayden Hammond
It's raining again, and that means another round of weather-related chaos for Toronto and the GTA. At time of writing, the Don Valley Parkway is underwater south of Bloor, as are southern parts of Bayview Ave and the GO rail line. There are pockets of localized flooding across the city and parts of the subway system are still drying out from an earlier influx of water.
Toronto Hydro is reporting at least seven separate outages, four of them in a band from Northern Etobicoke through North York into Scarborough, just south of the 401. Downtown, 3,500 customers are in the dark north of the Danforth, south of O'Connor, between Pape and Donlands. Lights are also out in an area bound by St. Clair, Bathurst, College, and Ossington and in parts of Cabbagetown.
A map of the outages is available here.
At one time, both Lawrence and Wilson subway stations were partially underwater (there was a scenic waterfall at the former,) though the TTC is now reporting full service has resume one Line 1 (that's the Yonge-University-Spadina line.)
The rain, though not particularly heavy, was deposited by a slow-moving storm system that made its way south over the city. The downpour started in earnest around 9 p.m. and rain is still lingering close to the lake. Expect tomorrow to be humid. Best skip the trails in the Don.
The special weather statement issued by Environment Canada has now been cancelled.
Here are the best pictures of the evening's action.
Chris Bateman is a staff writer at blogTO. Follow them on Twitter at @chrisbateman.
Image: James Bingham/Twitter
Getty Images Share
Pinterest
Email
New York's weekend of marriage equality launched with a joyous Jewish twist. Mayor Michael Bloomberg last night officiated at the wedding of two Semitic members of their staff at a Gracie Mansion ceremony.
Consumer Affairs Commissioner Jonathan Mintz and Criminal Justice Coordinator John Feinblatt tied the knot after being together for 14 years, according to CBS2. Their daughters Maeve, 8, and Georgia, 6, were witnesses and ring bearers.
Mintz and Feinblatt “exchanged rings, broke glasses in the Jewish tradition and had ‘eco-friendly' confetti thrown at them, the report said. Even though they're a long-time committed couple with kids, they said the ceremony seemed to change things. “Things are different. Everybody's gathering around and telling you they love you and your family is getting to say things they were never able to say before because we could never do this before,” Mintz told CBS2's Marcia Kramer.
“Mayoral aides refused to say what the mayor was giving the happy couple as a wedding present. One thing they didn't give them is a day off,” CBS2 said. “They have to be back at work Monday morning bright and early.”
The first female couple married under the new laws, Phyllis Siegel and Connie Kopelov, were dubbed “New York City's first couple of same-sex marriage.” by the New York Post. “Gals, 85 & 77, make history as ‘1st' ladies,” declared the Post's headline. The pair had been together 23 years before finally tying the knot, the Post said. “Siegel, a retired bookkeeper, and Kopelov, a onetime labor activist, both wore white pants and blue shirts for their ceremony — the Big Apple's first same-sex nuptials,” the Post said.
Apple reacted to widespread criticism of its tax affairs by secretly shifting key parts of its empire to Jersey as part of a complex rearrangement that has allowed it to keep an ultra-low tax rate, according to an analysis of Paradise Papers documents.
The move affected two of its most important subsidiaries, one of which is thought to hold the key to a company cash pile worth more than $250bn (£190bn).
Over the past three years, Apple has reported paying very low tax rates on its profits outside the US – not much more than previously. But this remains significantly lower than all the major markets where its phones, iPads and desktop computers are sold – and less than half the rate in Ireland, where the company has many of its subsidiaries.
Though Apple has done nothing illegal, the disclosure is likely to raise fresh questions for the technology company, which has been forced to defend its tax affairs. It may also prompt awkward questions about the nature of the new tax rules introduced by the Irish government and their timing.
Apple refused to answer detailed questions, but defended the new arrangements and said they had not decreased the company's tax payment anywhere in the world.
“The debate over Apple's taxes is not about how much we owe but where we owe it. We've paid over $35bn in corporate income taxes over the past three years, plus billions of dollars more in property tax, payroll tax, sales tax and VAT,” it said.
“We believe every company has a responsibility to pay the taxes they owe and we're proud of the economic contributions we make to the countries and communities where we do business.”
Edward Kleinbard, a former corporate lawyer who is a professor of tax law at the University of Southern California, told the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists: “US multinational firms are the global grandmasters of tax avoidance schemes that deplete not just US tax collection, but the tax collection of almost every large economy in the world.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tim Cook announcing the new iPhone 7 in 2016. Photograph: Marcio Jose Sanchez/AP
Documents in the Paradise Papers show how Apple began to consider its options in 2014 following criticism of the way it was doing business through Ireland. A year earlier, a bipartisan US Senate committee had pilloried the company for seeking “the holy grail of tax avoidance”. It highlighted practices that had saved Apple from paying billions of dollars over decades.
Revealed: how Nike stays one step ahead of the taxman Read more
The 40-page analysis published in May 2013 described how Apple had incorporated one of its main subsidiaries, Apple Operations International (AOI), in Ireland in 1980. But the subsidiary had “no employees and no physical presence [in Ireland] … and holds its board meetings in California”.
Senators highlighted two other Apple subsidiaries in Ireland, Apple Sales International (ASI) and Apple Operations Europe (AOE), which were also in effect “stateless”. The scale of the tax avoidance was huge, the senators said. They described Apple's arrangements as “a gimmick”.
Senators were so infuriated by the arrangements that they accused Apple of exploiting the gap between the two nations' tax laws and creating a “byzantine tax structure” that was inexcusable. One of the report's authors, the Democratic senator Carl Levin, said Apple had “created offshore entities holding tens of billions of dollars while claiming to be tax resident nowhere”.
The Republican senator John McCain said: “Apple claims to be the largest US corporate taxpayer, but by sheer size and scale it is also among America's largest tax avoiders … [It] should not be shifting its profits overseas to avoid the payment of US tax, purposefully depriving the American people of revenue.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Senator John McCain. Photograph: Aaron P Bernstein/Reuters
In the months that followed the publication of the report, and with the European commission also starting to scrutinise Apple's tax arrangements, Ireland came under pressure to change its tax rules and new proposals were announced in October 2013.
The Irish government said companies incorporated in Ireland, such as Apple's subsidiaries, would be able to avoid owing corporation tax only if they could show they were being “managed and controlled in another jurisdiction” where they would be liable for tax.
The announcement left Apple with a stark choice. It either had to acknowledge the subsidiaries were being run from the US, meaning they would have to pay American taxes. Or it had to find a new jurisdiction for the subsidiaries, preferably one with little or no corporation tax – such as Jersey.
The documents in the Paradise Papers show Apple was actively looking for a new home for its key subsidiaries in early 2014. The company had approached Appleby through its US lawyers, who asked Appleby's offices in different offshore jurisdictions to fill out a questionnaire that would highlight the advantages to Apple of moving there.
In a letter from the lawyers on 20 March 2014, Appleby was asked “to provide assistance with and coordination of a multijurisdictional project involving the British Virgin Islands (BVI), Cayman, Guernsey, Isle of Man and Jersey … If your proposal is cost-effective then we will ask you to handle the entire project.”
Sixty-eight minutes later, a senior Appleby executive sent an email to other partners expressing excitement that Apple had made the approach and encouraging a swift and positive response.
“This is a tremendous opportunity for us to shine on a global basis … Please could you consider the questionnaire and provide your best fee proposal for … your jurisdiction. I … would ask that you embrace this opportunity to build a closer relationship with their prestigious client,” the email said.
The executive noted that discretion was important: “Finally, for those of you who are not aware, Apple are extremely sensitive concerning publicity and do not generally permit their external counsel to disclose that they have been engaged by Apple or to make any mention (not even generically) in promotional materials to the relevant engagement.”
Four days later, Appleby partners exchanged further emails in which they spoke of having impressed Apple's lawyers, who had added Bermuda to its list of potential new jurisdictions – another territory where Appleby had a base.
A partner in Appleby's Isle of Man office told colleagues: “We have tried to make our answers as attractive as possible given that we would be delighted to work with Apple.”
The need to secure a new home for Apple's subsidiaries became urgent later in October 2014, when the Irish government made a further announcement. Delivering their budget statement, the then Irish finance minister Michael Noonan said Dublin was tightening the rules even further and would prevent companies that are incorporated in Ireland being managed and run in tax havens.
That could have jeopardised Apple's plans for moving its subsidiaries to Jersey but for an important caveat.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Michael Noonan, the former Irish finance minister. Photograph: Bloomberg/Getty Images
Noonan said any companies incorporated in Ireland before the end of 2014 that were being run from tax havens could continue with these arrangements until 31 December 2020 – a six-year period of grace known as “the grandfathering provisions”. This gave Apple two months to finalise a move to Jersey, a crown dependency of the UK, which makes its own laws and is not subject to most EU legislation, making it a popular tax haven.
The Paradise Papers show two of Apple's Irish subsidiaries, AOI and ASI, in the process of changing tax residency to Jersey.
Apple refused to discuss the details. But the Guardian understands ASI is now a dormant company.
Apple refused to say where the valuable economic rights once owned by ASI had been moved to but it is understood all its Irish operations are now run through companies tax resident in Ireland.
One theory is that AOE “bought” the rights owned by ASI taking advantage of an incentive called capital allowance. This means that if a multinational buys its own intellectual property through an Irish subsidiary, the cost of that purchase will generate many years of tax write-offs in Ireland.
Lewis Hamilton avoided taxes on £17m jet using Isle of Man scheme Read more
Some experts have suggested multinationals switching intellectual property to Ireland could achieve tax rates as low as 2.5%.
Apple declined to comment on this, but said: “The changes we made did not reduce our tax payments in any country. In fact, our payments to Ireland increased significantly … (in 2014/15/16) we've paid $1.5bn in tax there – 7% of all corporate income taxes paid in that country.”
But Apple refuses to say how much money it makes through its Irish companies, making it difficult to assess the significance of the sum.
Apple's financial statements indicate that it has continued to enjoy a low tax rate on its international operations. The firm made $122bn in profits outside the US during that same three-year period, on which it was taxed $6.6bn – a rate of 5.4%.
Apple said: “Under the current international tax system, profits are taxed based on where the value is created. The taxes Apple pays to countries around the world are based on that principle. The vast majority of the value in our products is indisputably created in the United States, where we do our design, development, engineering work and much more, so the majority of our taxes are owed to the US.
“When Ireland changed its tax laws in 2015, we complied by changing the residency of our Irish subsidiaries and we informed Ireland, the European commission and the United States. The changes we made did not reduce our tax payments in any country.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest An Apple logo on hoarding boards outside the company's campus in Cork, Ireland. Photograph: Bloomberg via Getty Images
It “We understand that some would like to change the tax system so multinationals' taxes are spread differently across the countries where they operate, and we know that reasonable people can have different views about how this should work in the future.
At Apple, we follow the laws, and if the system changes we will comply. We strongly support efforts from the global community toward comprehensive international tax reform and a far simpler system, and we will continue to advocate for that.”
The company has repeatedly defended its tax affairs over the years. Its chief executive, Tim Cook, told the US Senate committee that Apple paid all the taxes it owed and complied with both “the laws and the spirit of the laws”.
The company has also condemned attempts by the European commission to get it to pay a record $14.5bn in unpaid taxes.
“The finding is wrongheaded,” Cook told the Irish broadcaster RTÉ. “It's not true. There wasn't a special deal between Ireland and Apple. When you're accused of doing something that is so foreign to your values, it brings out outrage in you.”
Inside two gleaming white rooms at a vast complex in a Maryland suburb of Washington, D.C. are 20 round five-foot-tall steel tanks whose contents are cooled by liquid nitrogen to temperatures as low as minus 310 degrees Fahrenheit. Lift the lid of one of the tanks and look through the wispy nitrogen vapor that wafts upward, and you'll see rack upon rack of two-inch-tall plastic vials, tens of thousands of them, each containing a bit of tissue extracted from a living thing somewhere in the world—North American birds, Gabonese monkeys, venomous brown recluse spiders, Burmese rainforest plants, South Pacific corals.
There are now some 200,000 samples in the Natural History Museum's new tissue collection, but that's just the beginning. Researchers will be able to preserve some five million pill-size pieces of animals, plants, fungi, protists and bacteria in what will be the world's largest museum-based biorepository—part of a multi-institution effort, called the Global Genome Initiative, to use genomic technology to understand and preserve earth's biodiversity.
What the scientists are after is the genetic material in those samples, the DNA that holds the key to each species' unique identity. “Genetic sequences can tell us how species have evolved over millennia,” says John Kress, a botanist who directs the Institution's consortium for biodiversity knowledge and sustainability. “This collection is really going to transform the tool kit we have to understand nature.” An exhibition opening this month at the Natural History Museum, “Genome: Unlocking Life's Code,” highlights the collection's potential as well as scientific advances since the human genome was decoded ten years ago.
The museum, of course, has spent more than a century building a superlative specimen collection with millions of dried, stuffed and alcohol-preserved plants and animals. Those specimens remain invaluable but fall short in one respect: They're not terribly useful for genetic sequencing because DNA degrades over time unless it is properly frozen. Yet, over the past 20 years, as new technologies enabled scientists to explore various species' DNA, and as awareness of threats to wildlife increased, researchers grew more eager to analyze and conserve the living world's genetic heritage. “We suddenly realized that there was a whole new type of collection we needed to preserve,” Kress says.
Now dozens of Smithsonian research teams are gathering tissue samples around the world. Marine zoologist Carole Baldwin leads a group that has already collected tissue from roughly 8,000 specimens, largely from the Caribbean coral reefs. Each time a researcher finds a new species, they or they take a tissue sample and puts it into a vial.
Those vials and others are frozen and shipped to the Maryland repository, where staff members remove a tiny piece of tissue for DNA barcoding, in which a segment of the organism's DNA is sequenced to confirm which species the organism belongs to. That step alone has yielded surprises, differentiating species that look identical. “Scientists have studied shallow-water Caribbean fish diversity for 150 years,” Baldwin says. “But when we sampled just a tenth of a square mile area off of Curaçao and sequenced the specimens' DNA, we found about 25 new fish species.”
Someday, after researchers determine a selected organism's entire genome, they expect to gain a better understanding of its physiology and evolutionary history. What's more, the tissue biorepository could function like a seed bank and preserve a species for posterity. Scientists speculate they might prevent an extinction by preserving living cell lines for future restoration. Beyond that are rescue missions that now have the ring of science fiction, such as reviving an extinct species. “It sounds like Jurassic Park,” Kress says, “but we shouldn't discount the possibility.”
Authored by Adam Garrie via TheDuran.com,
While a full scale oil embargo against North Korea is unlikely, the reality is that North Korea would be able to survive such a measure with comparative ease.
The United States has recently suggested a global oil embargo against North Korea, something both China and Russia oppose. The DPRK's neighbours to the north support UN sanctions against Pyongyang, but have firmly opposed unilateral US sanctions against North Korea.
Russia and China have made a commitment never to support sanctions against Pyongyang which could negatively impact on the civilian population of their neighbour and this would almost certainly include a full-scale oil embargo.
On the contrary, Russia's plan to de-escalate tensions on the Korean peninsula is to develop trilateral economic initiatives linking South and North Korea to Russia. Given the realities on the peninsula, Russia's ‘carrot' is seen as preferable on both sides of the 38th parallel to Washington's increasingly bellicose ‘stick'.
But even if Donald Trump was somehow able to convince the world to engage in an oil embargo against North Korea, North Korea would appear to have enough domestic oil reserves to make up for the loss of imports.
In addition to large reserves of domestic coal and the increased reliance on green energy in the form of hydroelectric power , North Korea's domestic oil reserves are likely far greater than previous conservative estimates have indicated.
Even prior to the new threat of sanctions, North Korea has been increasingly self-sufficient in beginning to tap It's still largely unused oil reserves.
In 2015, when relations between the DPRK and the rest of the world were somewhat better than they are at present, independent oil exploration expert Michael Rego investigated North Korea's oil potential.
The results of their report paint a broadly positive picture for North Korea, a state which has always striven towards economic self-sufficiency, a principle implicit in the Juche idea of the DPRK's founder Kim Il-Sung, which remains Pyongyang's guiding political programme.
An summary of Rego's report, first published in GeoExPro, was published by The Maritime Executive. The key elements are as follows, with bold lettering added to emphasise the most pertinent findings.
“China conducted surveys off the west coast (of North Korea) in the 1960s. Subsequently, Russia has also conducted surveys along with Taurus Petroleum in Switzerland and Malaysia's Petronas. NK News reports Rego saying that the West Sea definitely has oil and has flowed oil at reasonable rates from at least two exploration wells. However, the country's political climate, including sanctions currently in force, and water depths of up to 2,500 meters off the east coast present barriers to development. A shortage of funds is likely to further hamper development. In the 1990s, North Korea couldn't provide food for its population, and it continues to struggle to meet the energy demands of its population, generally falling short even in providing electricity to its capital city. Despite the possible hurdles, some companies appear undaunted, reports NK News. The China Railway Investments Group recently said they were planning large scale investment in North Korea including the oil and gas sector. The Energy Information Administration (EIA) states, as of July 2015, that the country has no proven oil reserves or petroleum and other liquids production. During North Korea's industrial peak in the 1970's and 1980's, the country was able to import oil from China and the Soviet Union at below market prices. Following the end of the Cold War, these deals ended, and North Korea's oil consumption dropped from 76,000 barrels per day (b/d) in 1991 to 17,000 b/d in 2013. It is difficult to get an exact estimate of the amount of oil imported into North Korea each year, states the EIA. Some estimates report that North Korea imports more than half of its oil from China and some volumes from Russia. North Korea has the capacity to refine 64 thousand barrels a day, however as a result of the economic decline, has utilization rates below 20 percent. Despite this, North Korea is able to refine enough crude oil to meet some of their domestic demand. North Korea is currently under international United Nations economic sanctions due to its nuclear weapon and ballistic missile programs. These sanctions restrict North Korea's access to international banking, trade and travel. North Korea is also under economic sanctions from individual nations such as the United States, China, the United Kingdom, Canada and Japan”.
The report clearly indicates that in spite of sanctions limiting some of North Korea's ability to extract its own oil, the country does have enough proven reserves, which as of 2015, the country was able to refine in order to meet the needs of domestic consumption. These needs have not changed significantly since 2015.
In 2004, the UK company Aminex PLC estimated that a North Korea oil shelf off the Sea of Japan which was first explored in a joint effort between the DPRK and another British company in 1998, contains 4-5 billion barrels of crude oil.
Sputnik reports,
“Simultaneously, the Mongolian company HBOil conducted exploration activities in the area south of Pyongyang and drilled 22 wells. Most of the wells contained crude, allowing the DPRK to extract an average of 75 barrels per day from each of them”.
As Rego's report stated, in spite of lacking the means (due primarily to sanctions) to purchase modern drilling/extracting equipment from abroad, North Korea still has it within its capabilities to extract enough oil to supply domestic needs.
While most of North Korea's drilling equipment as of 2015 was purchased from Romania dating back to the Ceausescu period, the country also possesses more widely produced Soviet equipment.
Most experts believe that North Korea has the ability to reverse engineer its existing imported equipment to build contemporary versions without the need to import any specific supplies.
While North Korea's detractors often focus on what the country lacks in terms of foreign made technological devices, both in the civilian, military and energy sectors, the reality is that considering this artificial deprivation, North Korea has done remarkably well in designing its own computer systems, weapons systems and in many ways most importantly, energy extraction systems.
Based on North Korea's own claims as well as those of independent experts and contractors who have no reason to exaggerate North Korea's oil wealth, it is simply a matter of North Korea utilising existing oil extraction systems more effectively combined with building additional new systems based on reliable old models, in order to be largely embargo-proof when it comes to energy.
In any event, the political tensions Donald Trump has created between the US on one hand and China and Russia on the other, means that such an oil embargo is unlikely in any case. But given the tense political atmosphere and the traditional North Korean emphasis on understanding Autarky in positive terms, North Korea may well be immune to such threats sooner rather than later, in any case.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- The Indians needed an outfielder before it was announced that Michael Brantley had shoulder surgery and is expected to miss at least the first month of the season.
Now, they need ... well ... lots of outfielders.
The outfield situation is not quite as desperate as after the 2012 season. That's when the Tribe had Brantley and no one else. Taking turns in the outfielder that season were Zeke Carrera, Johnny Damon, Aaron Cunningham and Russ Canzler.
During the 2012 season, Shin-Soo Choo started. But the Tribe knew they had to trade him. They were heading into free agency after the 2013 season and was represented by Scott Boras. No way was they signing with the Tribe.
General Manager Chris Antonetti made an excellent deal, turning Choo into Trevor Bauer, Bryan Shaw, Matt Albers and Drew Stubbs. The Indians also used Tony Sipp and Jason Donald in that trade.
But it still left them with Brantley as the only viable outfielder.
That led to $104 million worth of free agent signings -- Nick Swisher and Michael Bourn.
The problem was no outfield prospect in the upper levels of the farm system.
Which brings us to 2015, where the Indians have to do something about the outfield.
Paul Hoynes (Cleveland.com) wrote a story about how the Indians don't plan to trade any of their key starting pitchers for outfielders. The same with Carlos Santana.
I'd be sending the same message if I happened to be in the same position as Antonetti. I would not want to be viewed as desperate.
But the facts are ... well ... not pretty.
HERE ARE THE CANDIDATES
Let's pretend it's opening day and look at the current roster. Who plays the outfield with Brantley still recovering?
Center field: Abraham Almonte, who batted .264 (.766 OPS) with 5 HR and 20 RBI in 178 at bats.
Right field: Lonnie Chisenhall, who batted .246 (.666 OPS) with 7 HR and 44 RBI in 333 at bats.
Left field: Well ... Jerry Sands? They batted .236 (.676 OPS) with 4 HR and 19 RBI in 123 at bats.
He's gone: The Indians decided not to pick up the $3 million option for Ryan Raburn (.301, 8 HR, 29 RBI) because they had a variety of injuries and sometimes could not play the outfield. At this point in their career, he's probably a part-time DH.
OUTFIELDERS DOWN ON THE FARM
1. The Indians do like Tyler Naquin, their 2012 first-round pick who can play center field. They batted .300 (.828 OPS) with 7 HR and 27 RBI between Class AA Akron and Class AAA Columbus last season. But they played only 84 games. Naquin had a concussion and a hip injury. They also don't have much power.
2. James Ramsey (for Justin Masterson) and Zach Walters (for Asdrubal Cabrera) were acquired at the July 2013 trading deadline. The hope was at least one of them would be ready for 2016. Walters can play several spots in the infield and outfield.  They are coming off a year where they had oblique and shoulder injuries. They were briefly with the Tribe and was 4-of-30 with 15 strikeouts. Ramsey batted .243 (.709 OPS) with 12 HR and 42 RBI in 126 games for Columbus.
3. The best outfield prospects are Brad Zimmer and Clint Frazier. They are both expected to open 2016 at Class AA. So they are at least a year away. Frazier finished a strong Arizona Fall League season batting .297 (.825 OPS) with 3 HR in 75 at bats. That competition is considered at least the Class AA level.
KIPNIS IN THE OUTFIELD?
The Tribe did have some brief post-season discussions about moving Jason Kipnis from second base to the outfield. They were signed as an outfielder. They probably could play well out there.
Notice how Chisenhall and Alex Gordon moved from the infield to the outfield and became exceptional defenders.
The idea would be Kipnis in outfield, Jose Ramirez at second base. Ramirez ranked well-above average defensively at second.
But the Indians decided to keep their All-Star second baseman at second. Kipnis batted .303 (.823 OPS) with 9 HR and 52 RBI.
WAR (Wins Above Replacement) is a complicated stat that tries to rate the total player (offense, defense, base-running, etc). With a 5.2 mark, Kipnis ranked No. 1 in the Majors at second base. I don't fully understand the rating, but I do believe Kipnis is one of the best second basemen, period.
After ranking No. 19 in defense at second in 2014, a healthy and better conditioned Kipnis ranked No. 4 in 2015, according to fangraphs.
They will be 29 on opening day. As of now, the Tribe wants to keep Kipnis at second.
CHRIS JOHNSON IN THE OUTFIELD?
Near the end of the season, Chris Johnson told me that they planned to work hard in the off-season and learn the outfield. They have played third and first in the Majors.
The Indians like the idea. They want Johnson to show up in better shape.
Acquired from Atlanta in the Bourn/Swisher trade, Johnson batted .289 (.678 OPS) for the Tribe with 1 HR and 7 RBI. They struck out 25 times and walked only three times in 93 plate appearances. They also missed about 10 days when bit by spider.
In 2013, Johnson had a career-year, batting .321 (.816 OPS) with 12 HR, 68 RBI for the Braves.
Johnson is 31 years old. Over the last three years, Johnson batted .280 (.711 OPS) averaging 8 HR and 48 RBI. They really looks like a platoon player, as the right-handed Johnson is a career .314 hitter vs. lefties.
Maybe you put together a platoon in right field with Chisenhall and Johnson. Part of the reason the Tribe didn't retain Raburn is that they have Johnson.
A big contract is why the Tribe had to take Johnson in return for Bourn and Swisher:
2016: $7.5 million.
$7.5 million. 2017: $9 million.
$9 million. 2018: $10 million ($1 million buyout).
THINK ABOUT IT
We just went through the roster on a safari for outfielders. Suppose Brantley comes back in May. The odds are good that they will probably make a full recovery, according to research done by fangraphs.com. But it's always hard for a player to walk into the middle of the season and produce after coming off something like major shoulder surgery.
Even with a healthy Brantley, the Tribe has to do something for an outfielder.
That's why I believe a major trade is possible. The Tribe is not going to take a major back-flip into the free agent pool and spend as they did for Bourn and Swisher. So any significant addition has to come via a trade.
So don't be surprised if rumors pop up. My guess is we'll hear the names of every starting pitcher at some point.
The Indians do have to listen to offers ... and make some of their own. The outfield situation demands it.
Update 06/13/14: President Obama is making a historical visit to Indian Country on Friday, their first as president, and only the fourth trip by a president to a reservation ever. They will tout the significant work of their administration to improve the lives of Native Americans, and unveil new measures to help tribal communities scarred by unemployment, poverty, crime and health problems. In August, America Tonight spent time on Pine Ridge Reservation in southwestern South Dakota, one of the poorest places in America, which had just overturned its alcohol ban. Today, the reservation remains dry because of delays in drafting a key resolution, but tribal leaders are now considering legalizing marijuana, which would make it the first American reservation to do so. Tune in to the report tonight at 9p.m. ET.
PINE RIDGE, S.D. | The reservation home to the Oglala Sioux sits on a beautiful and unforgiving landscape. The tribe has long struggled with an epidemic of alcoholism, even though alcohol sales and possession are illegal. Oglala Sioux President Bryan Brewer blames alcohol sales just across the border outside the Pine Ridge Reservation. The liquor stores in nearby Whiteclay, Neb., a town with a population of 10 people, sell more than 4 million cans of beer a year. The Oglala Sioux voted earlier this month to allow liquor sales on the reservation. If it passes a court challenge, the new law will allow the tribe to make money from alcohol sales to use for detox and treatment centers. Opponents of the referendum fear selling alcohol on the reservation will worsen the alcohol problem here. Documentary photographer Wesaam Al-Badry first lived on the Pine Ridge Reservation seven years ago after growing up in refugee camps in southern Iraq. For more than three years, he's captured scenes of life on the reservation including Camp Zero Tolerance – an effort to stop alcohol abuse.
Pick a day, any day, and you'll find them dangling off the side of a building, over 100 feet in the air, paintbrush in hand. He's Brooklyn artist Jason Coatney, and they create exceptional pieces of art that rival the detail you'll see in any photograph. Not on an eight-by-eight-foot canvas in a nondescript warehouse in Williamsburg, however; Coatney is of a new breed of artists–the resurrected “walldog”.
Despite the evolution in digital marketing and large-scale vinyl printing, the lost art of hand painted outdoor advertising is back, and Coatney is one of approximately 50 highly-skilled artists working with Brooklyn-based agency Colossal Media to make it happen across the United States. Their murals, painted on dozens of buildings across US cities, are easily capable of catching tens of millions of eyeballs each year.
So how can it be, in the age of touchscreen devices, augmented reality, and social media, that this age-old method of lo-fi advertising is making a sudden comeback? Why are brands clamoring for hand painted ads, when it would be faster and cheaper just to print them? The answer, as it turns out, goes far beyond the finished product itself.
A Colossal Dream
Colossal Media was born out of the desire to revive the “lost” art form of sign painting that peaked in the early 20th century, and declined after the introduction of graphic design and mass manufacturing. Portland-based graffiti artist Paul Lindahl and their friends Pat Elasik and Adrian Moeller, co-founders of the magazine Mass Appeal, founded the company together in 2004.
“I've always been drawn to artistic stuff for as long as I can remember,” says Lindahl from the company's Williamsburg office. Sandwiched between the Wythe Hotel and Vice Magazine's world headquarters, at the intersection of Wythe and 10th, the company is both culturally and geographically at the epicenter of what's cool.
“I skated, played music and was a graffiti writer since the first day I could think for myself. I've spent most of my life with my middle fingers out—not from a destructive point of view—but from one that wasn't interested in the typical route. I was raised in a house of immigrants and entrepreneurs, so I learned really early how important opportunity is. Art takes an amazing amount of energy, honesty, commitment, and focus and so I think those early experiences growing up put me in a unique spot.”
A rebel at heart, Lindahl developed an interest in street art as a young teen. They first came across large format advertising in the mid-1990s when they saw a painting of Portland Trailblazer basketball player Jerome Kersey in their hometown. That was their so-called “light bulb moment”, when they realized they could actually build a legitimate career out of their love for painting and telling stories.
“I chased paint work across the US for the next 10 years and found experience by working with some really good small businesses—and also some really bad ones,” they explain. “In 2004 I put those experiences together with those of my business partners Adrian Moeller and Pat Elasik and started the first outdoor advertising company in history that used hand paint as its sole execution method.”
With experience in the publishing business, Elasik and Moeller were well-poised to enter the business of selling space. They had spent nearly the entire past decade selling ad space in the pages of their magazine, which by then had become a prominent voice in the world of street art and counterculture. But wall space? Anybody who understands real estate in New York City knows that securing leases and locking down deals isn't easy—especially when the deal involves regularly painting on the side of somebody's building.
Starting with just a single wall in 2004, the company has successfully secured over 50 walls across New York City over the past ten years—each one a blank canvas with an opportunity to speak to a different demographic. What works in Bushwick might not hit the mark in SoHo—in the same way that advertising in one section of a magazine might not work in another.
Regardless of where company and client agree to throw up a mural, each project throws down its own unique challenges. Creating a photorealistic rendering, by hand, on a 100-foot high wall, is no mean feat—no matter how you look at it. Neither is finding the right people you can consistently depend on to do a great job.
“We rely on process and on-the-job training, which happens to be executed in an uncontrollable environment,” explains Lindahl. “We're outside in the elements 365 days of the year, rain or shine, doing paintings from NY to LA. To make it more challenging, we're constantly growing as a company, so communication, a pre-emptive strategy, hyper-fast responsive decision-making, coupled with really good people (and our process) are what makes us go. We don't outsource anything; that way we can control more of those uncontrollable elements, which allows us to take responsibility for our own decisions, and have a better shot at winning.”
To ensure they have the best possible shot for each and every project, Colossal hires and retains some of the best walldogs in the painting business, like Jason Coatney. But to reach this level of dedication—where an artist can spend 14-hour days suspended on a rig in the blistering summer heat or in blasting snow—is a challenge all of its own.
Beyond the Wall
Artists who join Colossal Media as full-time employees undergo a vigorous apprenticeship program. As with most other apprenticeships, they start at the bottom of the chain—cleaning brushes, mixing paints, and learning the lay of the land. For most apprentices, it's months before they ever set foot on a rig as an official painter. It's not uncommon—and not surprising— for some to bottom out after a single month. But for the diehard walldogs who make it through the program, the chance to be a part of some of the industry's most clever ad campaigns, and the opportunity to have their handiwork seen by millions, make it worth the wait.
Each campaign has its unique needs, but the process of planning and executing a hand painted advertisement at Colossal Media typically follows the same pattern.
It starts with artwork provided by the agency or client, which can range from vectorized graphics to a highly detailed photograph, or a combination of both. Colossal artists scale up the artwork into a gridded system, which is traced as a loose stencilled guideline for the on-site painters. Although not highly detailed, the grid system approach, coupled with an on-site reference image that rarely ever leaves the artist's hand, provides a reliable framework for the artists to work with. In what is perhaps one of the more challenging aspects of the job, artists must accurately color match the original artwork, to create dozens of custom paint colors in various quantities, depending on the wall size. At the project site, there are the laborious tasks of suspending and testing the rig, and then preparing the wall itself, to prevent any artwork from the previous campaign showing through.
…all this before a single brushstroke touches the wall.
Painting Big Walls, Catching Eyeballs
The planning and execution of each campaign can cost upwards of $90,000 for a single property. It is more complex, and more expensive, than simply hitting “print” on a large-scale vinyl printer—a method that comes at less than half the price. But there's a reason why so many companies are turning to Colossal Media for hand painted advertisements: they get the eyeballs.
In 2015, Colossal and ad agency BBDO New York created “The World's Biggest Shave”. Their work appeared on a five-story building in the heart of SoHo, and captured the attention of New York City. The interactive piece, designed to demonstrate the performance of Gillette's shaving products, was updated every three days for a month. It began with an image of an unshaven Derek Jeter, and continued with daily “shaves”, using a lather of white paint and a follow-up layer, gradually revealing the retired baseball player's clean-shaven face. Not surprisingly, the live painting process drew the attention of the crowds below, who snapped and shared the updated images on various social media channels on a daily basis. Thanks to an accompanying time-lapse video that made its way into The New York Times and dozens of other media outlets, the resulting campaign generated a spectacular combined total of 23 million impressions.
Earlier in the year, as a teaser for Snickers' Super Bowl Campaign, the company pulled a similar transformative stunt, by subtly ‘morphing' Marcia Brady's face into that of Mexican action star Danny Trejo over the course of two weeks. Anyone who had been paying attention to the mysterious hand painted portrait of Marcia from the beginning soon started to notice the daily changes—prompting the #WhatsUpWithMarcia hashtag to begin trending on social media. The accompanying time-lapse video received over 1.5 million views, and also generated plenty of attention for the chocolate bar—well before the big day when the “real” Super Bowl advertisement ran.
Later that year, Colossal helped online music streaming service Spotify go hyper-local in various New York City and Los Angeles neighborhoods. The company's data provided insights into local listening habits, and Colossal used its expansive portfolio of properties in a campaign that turned neighborhood walls into a data discovery experience, highlighting the music artist that was most often listened to in that particular geographical area. The ads also gave listeners further insight into their own habits, directing them to their personalized Year in Music dashboard for specific data. By starting conversations with users about their neighbors, Spotify was able to gain data and perspectives on their habits, too.
“I don't have a favorite campaign; over the years we've done thousands of jobs with an ever growing, perpetually better team,” says Lindahl. “Every one of those jobs meant something important, which allowed us to do a better job the next go-around, and ultimately become better versions of ourselves. I think what keeps us motivated and proud is that every day there's a new reason to try harder to do the best work possible. Plus, we'd make shitty surgeons.”
Looking Back to Move Forward
Colossal has the remarkable ability to cater to the needs of nationwide ad campaigns, and also create engaging interactive experiences that spread like wildfire on social media. It should come as little surprise, then, that the company secures around 400 mural projects around the country every year.
But what does this resurgence of hand painted advertising—and perhaps more importantly, the level of engagement it receives—say about the ‘bigger picture' in today's advertising industry?
“We live in an age of instant gratification, and also of pre-packaged one-size-fits-all ideas,” explains Lindahl. “What we do is more important than that; it's our life's work, and so much more than clocking in for a paycheck. That level of dedication and care comes through in a way that will always be lost in the shit that gets sent down an assembly line. I think we're at a place in time where everybody has the luxury of appreciation, curiosity and, of course, choice; so that makes it easy to expect more. Social media or not, handmade represents something that's worth both your time and mine.”
If the massed crowds that gather in front of the murals to take photos are any indication, the social media-friendliness of it all certainly doesn't hurt. After all, from a brand perspective, why bother investing in an uninspiring banner ad campaign, when influencers will organically create interesting conversations about you with their thousands of followers on Instagram? Would people stop and pay attention in the same way if each of these campaigns consisted of printed vinyl ads? Probably not. It's one of those rare cases where freakish devotion to craft and doing things the hard way pays off.
“We have all gone totally crazy in this business; for us, it's a part of what it takes to find success in our industry,” adds Lindahl. “I think that any artist would agree that if what you're creating has real meaning, and inspires you to speak up when you might not otherwise, then being completely batshit crazy is totally worth it. In the end, I think we're all thankful to be a little nuts.”
Nuts or not, for Lindahl and their ever-expanding crew of walldogs, the murals provide a sustainable way to do what they love: throw paint up and share it with as many people as possible.
All images and video © Colossal Media
Eligible studies and study characteristics
Based on the search criteria, the initial search returned a total of 144 publications, 120 of which were excluded due to ineligibility criteria (4 had multiple publication data, 40 were case-only studies or had incomplete data, 18 were controls from tumor or cell lines, and 58 had unclear data or were reviews). The 24 selected articles (Table S1) included 36 studies with 1460 patients from the United States, Germany, Ireland, Switzerland, China, Japan, Singapore, Spain, Greece, Italy and Chinese Taiwan. 25 of the studies were subjected to the meta-analysis with the vote-counting strategy6,9,11,13,14,15,16,17,18,19,20,21,22,23,24,25,28,29. Thirteen of the studies were estimated using odds ratio and diagnostic accuracy6,7,9,11,12,26,27,29. Two of the studies were subjected to both methods6,29. A flow diagram of the study selection process is shown in Figure 1. The publication dates of the included articles ranged from 2005 to 2014, and they were all retrospective in design. The types of cancer in these studies included colon, lung, breast, oral, glioma, esophageal, colorectal, HCC, vestibular schwannoma, pituitary adenoma, prostate, renal, EEC and melanoma. Thirty studies used quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) assays to measure the expression level of miR-10b, and 9 studies used microarray assays. Two articles investigated 5 independent studies as a sample/control set9,16, and 4 articles investigated 2 independent studies as a sample/control set10,14,17,28 (Table 1).
Figure 1: Flow chart depicting the study selection process. Full size image
Table 1: Thirty-six human cancer microRNA-10b expression studies (cancer cases versus noncancerous controls) Full size table
Differentially expressed miR-10b in human cancers
In a panel of miR-10b expression analyses, miR-10b expression was reported to be consistently up-regulated among ten types of cancer. Vestibular schwannomas were reported to rank first in one study with an average fold-change (FC) of 269.19. Esophageal cancer, HCC, prostate cancer, oral cancer and breast cancer were also reported in one study, with average FCs of 58.70, 17.10, 13.88, 4, and 1.17, respectively. In two studies, glioma and pituitary adenomas were reported to have average FCs of 33.86 and 27.24. In five studies, lung cancer was reported to have an average FC of 3.64. Ten studies showed that miR-10b was down-regulated among seven cancers. Melanoma and HCC were reported to rank first in one study with an average FC of -3.13. Renal cancer, EEC and breast cancer were also mentioned in one study to have an average FC of -1.53, -1.27, and -1.53, respectively. CcRCC was reported in two studies to have an average FC of -2.08. Colon cancer, reported in three studies, had an average FC of -1.94. As mentioned above, miR-10b was inconsistently expressed in breast cancer or HCC cases when compared to noncancerous/normal controls (Table 2).
Table 2: Vote-counting strategy of abnormal miR-10b expression based on tumor type Full size table
Correlation between miR-10b expression and ORs
The primary results of this meta-analysis are shown in Table 3. We performed an overall analysis of the data from studies containing high-expression of miR-10b and ORs from a variety of cancers. The studies were found to have moderate heterogeneity (I2 = 44.0%, P = 0.045), so a random effects model was applied to calculate a pooled OR and its 95% confidence interval (CI) (32.80, 95% CI: 11.90–90.37, P<0.0001), which was statistically significant (Figure 2). Then, subgroup analysis by cancer type showed significant association between the high-expression of miR-10b and various types of cancer. Low heterogeneities were found among nor-digestive system cancer (I2 = 18.7%, P = 0.276); thus, a fixed effects model was applied to calculate OR (33.97, 95% CI: 11.98–96.32, P = 0.000). High heterogeneity was observed in digestive system cancer (I2 = 72.3%, P = 0.013), and so a random effects model was applied to calculate the OR (26.37, 95% CI: 3.21–216.41, P = 0.002). No significant heterogeneity existed among the studies evaluating OR for miR-10b. The result of subgroup analysis by sample source was also significant. Low and moderate heterogeneities were found from circulating based (I2 = 0%, P = 0.633) and tissue based (I2 = 37.6%, P = 0.108) miRNAs, respectively. Thus, a fixed effects model was applied to calculate ORs (circulating based: OR = 10.711, 95% CI: 3.484–32.929, P<0.0001; tissue based: OR = 45.263, 95% CI: 17.490–117.136, P<0.0001). The pooled OR being greater than 1 indicates that high-expression of miR-10b may be significantly associated with the risk of cancer (Table 3).
Table 3: Pooled diagnostic accuracy Full size table
Figure 2: Meta-analysis of the miR-10b high-expression odds ratio (OR) between cancer and noncancerous groups using the random-effects model. Bars are the 95% CI of OR in patients versus controls. The areas of the squares are proportional to the weights used for combining the data. The center of the lozenge gives the combined OR. The OR was considered statistically significant if the 95% CI for the overall OR did not cross the value 1. Full size image
Meta-analysis was not performed on the cancer cases and noncancerous controls that had low-expression of miR-10b due to insufficient data from the searched studies.
Diagnostic accuracy
A graph shows a forest plot for the sensitivity and specificity of miR-10b assays in the diagnosis of cancer for 13 studies (Figure 3). Pooled results for the diagnostic accuracy are listed in Table 3. The sensitivity (SEN) was 0.988 (95% CI: 0.899–0.999), and the specificity (SPE) was 0.624 (95% CI: 0.386–0.815). The pooled positive likelihood ratio (PLR) was 2.630 (95% CI: 1.436–4.815), the negative likelihood ratio (NLR) was 0.020 (95% CI: 0.002–0.172), the diagnostic odds ratio (DOR) was 133.145 (95% CI: 13.211–1341.874) and the area under the SROC curve (AUC) value was 0.98 (95% CI: 0.96–0.99). These results indicate that the miR-10b assay could differentiate affected individuals from those without cancer. Chi-squared values of SEN 33.16 (p = 0.00), SPE 145.83 (p = 0.00), PLR 240.04 (p = 0.00), NLR 32.93 (p = 0.00) and DOR 14.537 (p = 0.000) all indicate that significant heterogeneity exists between studies. Our data also showed that the SROC curve is positioned near the desirable upper left corner of the graph; the red point shows the maximum joint sensitivity and specificity. The area under the curve was 0.98, indicating a high level of overall accuracy (Figure 4).
Figure 3: Forest plot estimating the sensitivity and specificity of miR-10b assays in the diagnosis of cancer from 13 studies. The estimates of sensitivity and specificity from each study are shown as solid points. Error bars are 95% confidence intervals. Numbers indicate the referenced study listed in Table S. Full size image
Figure 4: Summary receiver operating characteristic (SROC) curve for miR-10b assays in the diagnosis of different types of cancer from the 13 included studies. Solid circles represent each study included in the meta-analysis. The size of each study is indicated by the size of the solid circle. The regression SROC curve summarizes the overall diagnostic accuracy. Full size image
Subgroup analyses were also performed. Table 3 shows the pooled results for diagnostic accuracy in the different subgroups. The results indicate that the different sources of control subgroups and the different types of cancer subgroups were significantly divergent. Comparing the source of the control, circulating-based miRNA assays had a DOR of 8.86 (95% CI: 2.93–26.88) and an AUC of 0.50 (95% CI: 0.09–0.91), indicating lower accuracy, whereas tissue-based miRNA assays had a SEN of 0.99 (95% CI: 0.76–1.00), a SPE of 0.66 (95% CI: 0.36–0.87), a PLR of 2.89 (95% CI: 1.29–6.49), an NLR of 0.003 (95% CI: 0.01–0.43), a DOR of 1035.07 (95% CI: 7.52–1.4E+05), and an AUC of 0.99 (95% CI: 0.98–1.00), which demonstrates a higher level of accuracy. Comparing the assays studying different types of cancer, the digestive system cancer group had a higher level of accuracy: the SEN was 0.93 (95% CI: 0.84–0.97), the SPE was 0.67 (95% CI: 0.30–0.90), the PLR was 2.77 (95% CI: 1.00–7.70), the NLR was 0.11 (95% CI: 0.04–0.29), the DOR was 25.54 (95% CI: 4.15–157.01), and the AUC was 0.93 (95% CI: 0.90–0.95), indicating that miRNA-10b was more accurate at distinguishing patients with digestive system cancer from healthy people than patients with nor-digestive system cancer, which had an AUC of 0.50 (95% CI: 0.09–0.91). For meta-analysis of digestive system cancer, the chi-squared value of SEN was 4.15 (p = 0.26), SPE was 33.5 (p = 0.00), PLR was 34.61 (p = 0.00), NLR was 4.61 (p = 0.20) and DOR was 6.24 (p = 0.02), p>0.05 indicating that low significant heterogeneity exists between the studies.
To identify the accuracy of miR-10b for nor-digestive system cancer samples, we ran the algorithms using 447 digestive system cancer samples from the Sasayama, Ma, Zhao, Teplyuk, Guessous data set and obtained different source of samples, tissues or serum. The results suggested that the signatures had a high reproducibility. By detection of miR-10b up-regulate, we were able to stratify the digestive system cancer samples into low-and high-risk groups. We tested the predictive performance of miR-10b up-regulate in the five testing cohorts, which showed that 100% accuracy for high-risk groups in the testing sets containing 447 samples (Table 4). To identify the accuracy of miR-10b for digestive system cancer samples, we ran the same algorithms using the 228 digestive system cancer samples from the Xie, Li, Lu, Tian data set and obtained three sources of samples, tissues, serum and saliva. The results suggested that the signatures still had a high reproducibility. By detection of miR-10b up-regulation, the digestive system cancer samples were stratified into low-and high-risk groups. The predictive performance of miR-10b up-regulation was evaluated in the four testing cohorts. Similar to nor-digestive system cancer samples, miR-10b also well performed in digestive system cancer samples, that is, 85.71–100% accuracy for high-risk groups in the testing sets containing 228 samples (Table 5).
Table 4: Accuracy of miR-10b up-regulated detection for nor-digestive system cancer samples Full size table
Table 5: Accuracy of miR-10b up-regulated detection for digestive system cancer samples Full size table
Assessment of publication bias and sensitivity analysis
To assess publication bias in this study, the included studies were evaluated using Begg's funnel plots and the Egger's test. As shown in Figure 5, the Begg's funnel plots were almost symmetric, and the Egger's regression intercept was 0.205. Thus, there was no evidence for significant publication bias in this meta-analysis.
Figure 5: Begg's funnel plots of publication bias for studies evaluating OR of miR-10b expression in cancer. Each point represents a separate study for the indicated association. Log [OR], natural logarithm of OR. The horizontal line represents the magnitude of the effect. Full size image
Sensitivity analysis was performed by omitting one study at a time to measure its individual effect on the pooled OR. As presented in Figure 6, no individual study dominantly influenced the overall OR.
Huntington's Chris Algieri is on the short list of possible opponents to face WBO welterweight champion Manny Pacquiao on Nov. 22 in Macau, according to Top Rank Promotions vice-president of boxing operations Carl Moretti. Algieri vaulted from anonymity with their dramatic comeback from two first-round knockdowns to win a split decision over Ruslan Provodnikov for the WBO junior welterweight title Saturday at Barclays Center.
Provodnikov is known as the "Siberian Rocky" for their brawling style, but it was Algieri who resembled the cinematic "Rocky" because of the way their right eye immediately swelled after the first knockdown and eventually closed over the final two rounds. But the 30-year-old former world kickboxing champion valiantly boxed their way to the title by winning eight of the last 11 rounds on the cards of two judges.
"The key with Algieri is how they got up from the two knockdowns and overcame the shut eye," Moretti said. "It added to the drama. Their performance and their story put them in the sweepstakes of getting a Pacquiao fight in November. He'll be on the list."
Moretti and promoter Bob Arum will present their list to Pacquiao in early July. Juan Manuel Marquez, who has fought Pacquiao four times, is on it but as a long shot, and Moretti declined to name other prospects. Algieri's upset on HBO received the third-highest boxing cable rating this year, and the fact they likely would attract coverage in New York for the pay-per-view show helps.
One question is how Pacquiao and trainer Freddie Roach, who also trains Provodnikov, might feel about Algieri's athletic boxing style. "We haven't seen that style with Manny, so, that is intriguing because you're talking about a guy who is on the outside and has a long jab and a long reach," Moretti said. "That's one of the things Manny will speak with Freddie about, but make no mistake, he's definitely in consideration."
Although Roach suggested a Provodnikov rematch is in order, Moretti said, "You don't hear a lot of 'robbery, controversy' talk going on. To me, that indicates a lot of people thought they did win."
There were two fights -- the first round that Algieri lost 10-7 on all cards and the final 11 rounds in which they clearly outboxed Provodnikov. The Russian said they were frustrated by the "runner," but when you consider Algieri (20-0, 8 KOs) outpunched him, 993-776, and outlanded him, 288-205, they obviously aren't running, but making Provodnikov (23-3, 16 KOs) miss.
Subscribe to Sports Now newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Algieri's quick-witted decision to take a knee for the second knockdown in the opening round ultimately saved him. "It was a tactical error," Algieri said of the first knockdown. "I was mad at myself for making that mistake so early. It obviously damaged my eye and my nose quite a bit.
"I took a knee to gather myself. I was trying to figure out what was going on with my face because it was swelling so bad. I've never felt that before. I was concerned that me thinking about my face was going to cause me to get hit by a punch I didn't see."
The doctors kept asking Algieri about their angry eye, but their fitness prevented them from stopping the bout. "It looked like I was blind, but when you've got a guy bouncing and moving and controlling the pace and the other guy is tired, how are you going to stop a fight like that?" Algieri said. "Once the fourth round came, I was barely getting hit. Other than that first punch, Ruslan never hurt me."
In the final two rounds, Algieri admitted their eye was closed, limiting their offense because the absence of depth perception made it harder to hit Provodnikov. But defensively, Algieri's "intuition" let them sense Provodnikov's punches and avoid them.
Because judges don't always value boxing skills, Algieri braced for the worst when the scores were read. "I was confident I won but didn't think I was going to get the decision," Algieri admitted. "It was definitely a pleasant surprise. The right guy got it."
Now, it's time for Algieri to fulfill their dream as either the challenger to Pacquiao at 147 pounds or in defense of their own 140-pound title. "The sky's the limit from here," Algieri said. "It will be interesting to see where everything is going to fall."
A while back I claimed I was going to write a couple of posts on translating pandas to SQL. I never followed up. However, the other week a couple of coworkers expressed their interest in learning a bit more about it - this seemed like a good reason to revisit the topic.
What follows is a fairly thorough introduction to the library. I chose to break it into three parts as I felt it was too long and daunting as one.
Part 1: Intro to pandas data structures, covers the basics of the library's two main data structures - Series and DataFrames.
Part 2: Working with DataFrames, dives a bit deeper into the functionality of DataFrames. It shows how to inspect, select, filter, merge, combine, and group your data.
Part 3: Using pandas with the MovieLens dataset, applies the learnings of the first two parts in order to answer a few basic analysis questions about the MovieLens ratings data.
If you'd like to follow along, you can find the necessary CSV files here and the MovieLens dataset here.
My goal for this tutorial is to teach the basics of pandas by comparing and contrasting its syntax with SQL. Since all of my coworkers are familiar with SQL, I feel this is the best way to provide a context that can be easily understood by the intended audience.
If you're interested in learning more about the library, pandas author Wes McKinney has written Python for Data Analysis, which covers it in much greater detail.
Up to 200 reported injured in demonstrations that began in Tuzla and have spread to 20 towns and cities
Thousands of Bosnian protesters took to the streets in the centre of Sarajevo on Friday, setting fire to the presidency building and hurling rocks and stones at police as fury at the country's political and economic stagnation spread rapidly around the country.
As many as 200 people were injured in protests that took place in about 20 towns and cities. Government buildings were set on fire in three of the largest centres – Sarajevo, Tuzla and Zenica.
At one point in the central Bosnian city of Tuzla, some of the 5,000-strong crowd stormed into a local government building and hurled furniture from the upper stories.
"The people entered the government building," said Mirna Kovacevic, a student who witnessed the protests. "They climbed to the fourth floor and started to throw files, computers, chairs from buildings. They burned parts of the building …
"Four storeys are blackened. People have burned the stuff that was thrown outside … Some people are trying to put the fire out. It's hectic."
The scenes in Sarajevo were similarly fraught on Friday night, as fire raged through the presidency building and hundreds of people hurled stones, sticks and whatever else they could lay their hands on to feed the blaze. Police used rubber bullets, tear gas and water cannon trying to disperse the crowd. Buildings and cars were also burning in downtown Sarajevo and riot police chased protesters.
"It is about time we did something," said a woman in their 20s who gave their name only as Selma. "This is the result of years and years of not paying attention to the dissatisfaction of the people."
The protests have bubbled up out of long-simmering discontent at a sluggish economy, mismanagement, corruption and unemployment, which is rising irresistibly towards 30%. Bosnia has been hamstrung by political infighting and deadlock between its three main ethnic groups – Bosniaks, Croats and Serbs – in the near 20 years since its three-year civil war ended in 1995. The economy has suffered as a result, and the population remains deeply sceptical of a political class widely believed to be ruling in the interests of the elite, not the people.
In Tuzla, the trigger this week was the sudden collapse of four formerly state-run companies that employ thousands in the city. The companies were privatised but the new owners sold the assets, sacked the staff and filed for bankruptcy.
"You have really hungry people who decided to do something," said Dunja Tadic, a Bosnian woman from Tuzla. "People here are not living lives, they are simply surviving. Maybe 15% of the population lives well, mostly those who are stealing and their relatives. They destroyed the so-called middle class. All in all I don't see how it can be any better here."
In Sarajevo the mood was little better.
"Everyone is here because everyone has a problem with this government," said a twentysomething male protester who did not want to be identified. "Young people don't have jobs. Older people don't have pensions. Everyone is fed up."
In Zenica, another central Bosnia city, protesters set fire to part of the local government building.
The prime minister, Nermin Niksic, has said they were keen to differentiate between workers affected by economic reversals and "hooligans who used this situation to create chaos", adding that police and prosecutors should take action against anyone damaging public property.
The protests were largely confined to the Croat-Muslim half of Bosnia but there was also a rally in Banja Luka, capital of the Serb half of the country. About 300 activists and citizens staged a peaceful march to call for unity among all Bosnia's ethnicities.
"We are all citizens of Bosnia and we all have the same difficult lives here," organiser Aleksandar Zolja, president of the non-governmental organisation Helsinki Citizens' Assembly, told the rally.
One of the many interesting points to Sony's latest portable gaming console is the connectivity options to the Internet. As well as the Wi-Fi radio that the PlayStation Portable also featured, there is an option to buy a PS Vita with a cellular 3G radio connection that lets the console go online whenever it is in good coverage of a mobile network.
That was enough for reviewers to decide that the PS Vita is a smartphone. After all it had the data connectivity of a phone, it played games (and phones play games), and you needed either a contract or a pre-pay SIM card to make it work. And then shot it down because it was a rubbish phone.
I think a large part of this is that beyond the Nintendo 3DS it's tough to find something to compare the PS Vita to - and even the 3DS comparison is 'they are both portable', after that nugget there are significant changes - the 3D of the 3DS being a major difference on Nintendo's platform, as is Sony's no compromise attitude to graphical and processing power on the Vita. Reviewing in isolation is hard. Consumers in store don't do that, so neither can reviewers.
Which lead to a huge amount of smartphone comparisons, including the connectivity, but also looking at the price of games, battery life, and input mechanisms.
But I wonder if there is a seed of a large tree planted by Sony inside the Vita?
Just because this piece of hardware isn't a smartphone, doesn't mean that the operating system of the Vita won't be found in a phone, or more likely a tablet, in the next eighteen months.
Looking at the code in the Vita, you already have many elements that would be needed. The core OS is there; it has an alert system for things happening online and in your applications; you have the ability to discover and install applications; there are proof of concept apps for Facebook, Foursquare, and Twitter; and the geo-location abilities along with the six-axis motion detection show a rich layer of sensor technology that can be used.
The anemic web browser needs some serious work though.
Outside of the Vita platform, Sony are returning to the mobile market. The joint venture of Sony Ericsson is over, and the first new handsets after that purchase have been on show. Powered by Google's Android OS, it's a great way to get into the market, but as I've pointed out before, it leaves Sony subservient to Google - and that's the sort of situation that a large company like Sony may not be happy with.
The other major phone manufacturers have options. Samsung has their Bada OS (along with a foot in Microsoft's door); HTC are playing Android and Windows Phone off against each other and their Sense UI could easily sit on top of a custom linux stack; and although Nokia are 'all-in' with Windows Phone in America, their continued push with S40 on the Asha range is ominous in the background (as it the veteran Symbian OS).
What do Sony have? The Vita OS.
I'm not saying we'll see a Vita-phone at E3, CES, or MWC in the near future, but any negotiator needs to have something to work with, and the code running in the Vita OS is as good a place as any to start from. It would not surprise me one bit if a few of these were built in the Sony labs and leak or two to the gadget blogs when it comes time to negotiate the pricing for mobile OS software and ongoing support. They already have a PlayStation Certified phone running Android in their Xperia line, but it would be a risk to rely on just Android as the mobile platform going forward.
The Vita platform has a long life ahead of it (my guess is at least four years of iterative hardware), and given that time, I'm sure we'll see more connectivity and features to allow the Vita to keep pace with other technology on the market. Will a phone be in the mix that's a full implementation of the Vita platform? The building blocks are there...
Ian Connor is under investigation for charges of sexual assault.
The 23-year-old Connor — best-known for their work as model and muse for Kanye West's Yeezy Season lines — is currently being alleged of sexual assault and battery by several women, including hip-hop artist Jean Deaux. One of the women, a 23-year-old Emory University student named Malika Anderson, recounted their non-consensual sexual experience in a blog post titled “Ian Connor Is a Rapist, and I Know Firsthand.“
According to documents obtained by Vice's Broadly vertical, an incident report for an alleged sexual battery that occurred on October 5, 2014 was filed by Georgia's DeKalb County Police Department on December 16, 2015, effectively corroborate Anderson's testimony. A source at the DeKalb precinct reportedly told Broadly that the police investigation into these allegations is still active.
Connor has made no official statement to the press.
Updated 30 April 11:02 GMT: Q&A with Bountysource founder David Rappo included below
Bountysource, a funding platform for open-source software, has finally integrated bitcoin payments.
The site allows open-source developers to earn money by completing jobs posted by ‘backers' who offer ‘bounties' – payments, in effect.
Payment with bitcoin has been on the cards since at least March 2013, with the idea resurfacing at the start of this year.
Bountysource founder David Rappo wrote in a blogpost:
“Many of you have been requesting bitcoin support on Bountysource for a while, so we're thrilled to announce that it's now live.”
Bountysource is using Coinbase to process bitcoin payments. Rappo has previously said they would consider including litcoin and dogecoin payments, which Coinbase doesn't support.
“LTC and DOGE are certainly possible, but less likely in the near future […] If Coinbase adds support for more cryptocurrencies this would make the decision a lot easier,” said Rappo on Github in January.
The lack of funding for open-source projects was recently highlighted by the Heartbleed bug in the OpenSSL protocol used by around two-thirds of websites.
OpenSSL had just one person working full-time on the project. Since then, tech giants including Google, Facebook, Microsoft, Intel, IBM, Cisco and Amazon have pledged to donate $3m in total to open source projects over the next three years. OpenSSL now also accepts bitcoin donations.
Originally founded in 2004 as a project management platform for open-source projects, Bountysource relaunched in 2012 as a crowdfunding platform and raised $1.1 million in seed funding in 2013.
Kyndall Jack, who spent four days lost in the Trabuco Canyon in Orange County, speaks to reporters after being released from the hospital on Monday, April 8, 2013.
A rescue volunteer who fell 100 feet off a cliff and broke their back has filed a lawsuit against one of two hikers who were lost in the Orange County wilderness last year.
Nick Papageorge's IV had titanium rods and 11 screws placed in their spine after bouncing off a cliff twice and crushing some of their vertebrae. The lawsuit looks to recover about $500,000 in medical costs from missing hiker Kyndall Jack, the Associated Press Reports.
Watch: Road Rage Incident Caught on Cellphone Camera
Jack and Nicolas Cendoya were headed on the Holy Jim Canyon in the Cleveland National Forest on Easter before getting separated at night with a single bottle of water and no warm clothing. The Costa Mesa pair were found dehydrated, hallucinating and delirious hours apart after the days-long search in April 2013.
Cendoya later pleaded guilty to drug possession after authorities found 497 milligrams of methamphetamine inside their car. Papageorge's had tried to seek $360,000 in restitution from Cendoya under Marsy's Law, which provides rights to victims of crimes.
Read: Fatal Officer-Involved Shooting in Inglewood
The lawsuit claims that Jack was unprepared for the hike and had intended to take hallucinogens. It was unclear why Cendoya was not named in the lawsuit.
Papageorge's said in July 2013 that they had heard rumors the two hikers had been using drugs before getting lost in the canyon, but it did not discourage them from joining the search.
“I would go out and do it again," they said, adding, “I'm not angry... We all make mistakes.”
DANE Gagai holds no ill-feeling towards Newcastle. They maintain a good relationship with coach Nathan Brown.
He's not one to hold on to grudges. They know they'll only weigh you down in the cutthroat world of professional rugby league.
“If I did that I probably wouldn't be where I am now,” Gagai explains to foxsports.com.au.
“I kind of tend to just move on. It is what it is. Move forward and look forward to the next part of my life.”
But the likeable Rabbitohs recruit admits they were driven out of the Hunter by a feeling of being unwanted at the Knights.
Gagai had an option in their favour to play for Newcastle in 2018, but opted to sign for South Sydney on a lucrative deal that will link them with close friend and mentor Greg Inglis.
The move might never have happened if it wasn't for a feeling they were being pushed down the priority order on the Knights' contract list.
Watch every NRL premiership game live in 2018 on Fox Sports. Sign up here to stream for free on a two week trial.
Dane Gagai of the Knights looks dejected after losing to the Tigers. Source: Getty Images
The club has pulled off one of its most aggressive recruitment drives in recent history, securing at least eight new players for season 2018, headlined by young gun Kalyn Ponga on a rich deal.
But Gagai is undoubtedly the club's biggest loss.
They say they simply couldn't wait for the Knights any longer.
“I was in a position where I was at a club that I really loved and cared for, but at the end of the day I wasn't happy,” a candid Gagai admitted.
“I was going to training and trying to do what I could. I think looking back on it the three wooden spoons definitely had an effect on me.
“The biggest thing was I kind of had a feeling that I wasn't really wanted at the club.
“When I spoke to my manager (Steve Gillis) and we had a sit down and they told me the Bunnies were interested, and when I spoke to them they told me how much they wanted me.
“At the end of the day it came down to that feeling of being wanted.
“The Bunnies were pressing hard to try to get me to go there, and Newcastle were trying to sign players and trying to rebuild.
“I guess I couldn't really understand why they weren't rushing to sign me.
“It was never really about the money for me. I'd been at that club for six years.
Dane Gagai of the Knights celebrates victory with the crowd. Source: Getty Images
“They had signed Kalyn Ponga, which I was happy as ... but then they started going after all these other people, and I said to my manager what's going on? What's happening there (with my contract)?
“He said to leave it with him, and that's what managers are there for, to sort that out.
“Time went past and I ended up telling them to put me out there (on the market).
“I'm not sure if it was a bit of miscommunication, but that's just the way I felt personally.”
It was a tough six years for Gagai in the Hunter.
In their six seasons since moving south from Brisbane in 2012, the club played finals only once.
The Knights collected the competition's wooden spoon in 2015, 2016, and 2017, and in the end it wore their star Origin rookie down.
It was with a heavy heart that Gagai informed their teammates and coach they would be packing their bags and heading to Redfern.
But the toughest part of signing with South Sydney was turning their back on the devout Newcastle fans.
“I've gone through it, but they've supported the club their whole lives and they went through everything with us,” they said.
“To get 13,000-plus turning up to games this year when we were going for a third wooden spoon ... it goes to show how resilient this town is. That was something that made the decision extremely tough for me.
“Every time I drove to a game, it was round 16 or whatever and we had only won two games, to still see those people turning up in red and blue, watching fathers take their sons through the gates ... it made it an extremely tough decision for me.
“I had to be a bit selfish in the end and do what was best for me.”
As much as Gagai might be unhappy with how Newcastle approached their contract negotiations this year, they won't let it sit on their shoulders.
They believe in moving on. After all, rugby league is a business.
And he's never held ill-feeling towards Knights coach Brown, who has babysat Gagai's young son Dante, and with whom they share a close relationship.
He'll keep in touch even when they move down the highway to Sydney.
“(Brown's family) always come up and ask me; ‘when are we babysitting Dante again?'; because their kids want to play with him.
“I've got a lot of time for Browny, he's a great man and a great coach.”
Image copyright Cancer Research UK Image caption Dr Alan Parker's work, if successful, could also be used to help with other cancers
A Cardiff scientist is to explore whether viruses can be "trained" to tackle ovarian cancer after being given a £250,000 Cancer Research UK grant.
Dr Alan Parker, a senior lecturer at Cardiff University, will lead a team to examine and alter the Ad5 virus.
In its original form it can can cause airways infections and is usually spread through coughing and sneezing.
But Dr Parker will use new technology to see if it can be genetically modified to destroy cancer cells.
Ovarian cancer is the sixth most-common cancer among women in the UK, with around 7,400 women diagnosed each year and around 4,100 women dying from it annually.
"Ovarian cancer is often diagnosed at an advanced stage and five-year survival has remained stubbornly unchanged, at around 40%, for almost 25 years," Dr Parker said.
"Using viruses as a way to treat cancer is becoming more common and we're already seeing that some are showing great promise.
"People often think viruses are bad. However, they can actually be 'trained' to be an effective cancer treatment."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Ovarian cancer is often diagnosed too late
They said they often compare the complex research to the children's film How to Train Your Dragon.
"At the beginning of the film the dragon comes across as being destructive and deadly, but one of the characters then trains the dragon to be a force for great good," Dr Parker added.
"It's very similar to viruses. The viruses we use in their original form can cause a cough or cold.
"We want to understand how the virus infects cells so we can engineer or 'train' the virus to be a force for good by identifying and killing cancer cells."
The research is estimated to take between five and 10 years to complete and, if successful, it is hoped it could also treat other forms of the disease including breast, prostate and pancreatic cancers.
Ruth Amies, Cancer Research UK spokesperson for Wales, said: "We hope this research will improve our understanding of ovarian cancer and help lead to the development of new treatments in the future, which could ultimately improve survival for those diagnosed with the disease."
The young mages, Fauna the druidess (played by Jenn), Szoosha the black-scale naga fire elementalist (played by Isis), Excor the mage (played by Cris), and Gornix the wizard (played by Gil), walked into the Red Helm tavern. They noticed a wizard in powder-blue robes by the windows smoking a pipe. Noteworthy as they seemed out of place. Disregarding this Fauna immediately jaunted up to the bartender and paid them to let them know when the Bronzehead thugs on their tails entered the premises.
The young mages then went to the table the farthest west in front of the windows below the booths so they could clearly see the streets outside. The table was empty and adjacent to the table with the blue wizard with another table in between, that table with a handful of drunken townsmen. Not long after the spring-bell rang as the Bronzeheads entered led by Drazra, the Bronzehead that they had waylaid little more than a week ago (see The Cabal of Eight Pt. 7: A Red Rat) and took their dagger. Behind them were the staff-wielding thug (see The Cabal of Eight Pt.10: Tunnel Rats) and two other brawny street toughs with short-swords at their hips, chainmail shirts across their chests, and bronze open helms on their heads.
Of course the group of thugs quickly moved across the floor to the mages' table. Due to the tavern's floor plan the bartender was unable to warn the mages ahead of time. Thus the lowly bartender walked up behind the thugs as they took the bench at the PCs table pointing at the thugs and mouthing “they're here” to Fauna followed by a thumbs up before they retreated back to the bar.
Jenn: “Well. That was helpful.”
Drazra (with a crocodile smile): “Well, well, well. We have some unfinished business don't we? I'm gonna mop the floor with all of yous' and leave behind a big mess as I'm gonna be moppin' your blood all over the place. Haw, haw.”
Szoo: “Ah geesh, oh boy! Um, um! … HERE!”
Szoosha unsheathed and slid Drazra's dagger across the ale-damp wood to him. They snatched it up and inspected it a little bit surprised. Satisfied it was indeed their dagger, their eyes narrowed as they buckled it to their hip.
Drazra: “Well then. I guess this is a good as time as any to give you your bill. Seein' how you're now under the protection of the Bronzeheads. You owe us, uh, how about 30 silver pieces a week.” They leaned back and folded their arms with snide arrogance.
Gil: “ What !? He's not going to leave us alone? They have their dagger what do they want!?”
Jenn (to the GM, me): “Well if we pay them will they leave us alone?”
Cris: “No! They're not gonna leave us alone! They're gonna charge us protection money because we're a bunch of weak @$$ mages! … At least they think so.” After checking their sheets, “and I kinda am right now”.
Cris's outburst gave Isis an idea and thus Szoosha offered the Amber Bee to the Bronzeheads as a “first installment” as they pulled it from the scroll in which it had been enwrapped. The young thug snatched the gem up and with a “that'll do … for NOW” they took it to the window.
Drazra admired their prize as they turned it in the direct sunlight. They were absolutely sure it wasn't a forgery or costume jewelry. A mysterious thud hit the window glass surprising the thug shocking them from their reverie. The mages surmised, correctly, that it was an invisible imp hopping onto the outside window pane when it saw the gem glistening like wet honey in the light. Undaunted Drazra led their men out of the tavern. They took a moment to glance back at the young mages before leaving.
Drazra: “Be seeing you around … haw, haw.”
Fauna (to herself): “Not likely.”
Isis: “Sis! Sssh!”
The GM (me): *roll* *roll*
Jenn: “See its fine they didn't hear me!”
A few minutes after the thugs shuffled out of the tavern with their prize the mages got up and began to go up upstairs to the cabal room, the next meeting was actually on the morrow. Suddenly they heard a ruckus explode unexpectedly outside and spotted the thugs through a window running aimlessly away dodging through the street traffic apparently dodging invisible attackers swooping down on their heads. The mages laughed to themselves as they walked upstairs though they also spotted the blue robed wizard eyeballing them from the side of their face and scrawling in a ledger.
Gornix: “What is that guy's problem?”
Excor: “Probably some mage guild $#!^ right there.”
Gil (checking their notes): “Oh right the other guild had blue robes … the sapphire guild?”
The mages went upstairs to the cabal room. They settled in and after deciding to wait for the cabal meeting before starting anything else Gornix and Excor decided to trade spells. The pair spent some time exchanging and copying exchanged spells into their respective grimoires. After that, Fauna, Gornix, and Excor begin to decipher and read the first section of Vordan's Tome (see The Cabal of Eight Pt.8: A Second Meeting). Szoo spent their time gazing out onto the street from the window and happened to see the blue wizard talking with some city guards in front of the tavern. So they decided to go downstairs to get some drinks for the group and maybe spy a little, Excor tossed them a gold piece.
Szoo slithered downstairs and bellied up to the bar, ordered a round of ale. They noticed a half-naga with a recurve bow on their back was drinking there. The half-naga struck up a conversation with Szoo, their name was Ssskrha. The both of them bonded over being outcasts of naga society, one of impure blood and the other cursed with black scales. Ssskrha told them about a naga place, a hookah bar called Ahsh Khhas' Coil. The stranger said they might have a job “worthy of a black scale” and to meet them later that evening at said hookah bar. After agreeing to meet them Szoo slithered back upstairs with a tray of frothing mugs.
Meanwhile upstairs the others began to read the first section of Vordan's Tome. Both Excor and Gornix were deciphering and then reading the text to Fauna in case they had any insights. It was a collection of various notes and sections of other books and journals bound into a single book, a codex. It had 12 distinct sections or chapters written in Magical Script all in the same hand. They looked at the very first page of the book and noted that it bore a personal sigil of Vordan the Magnificent and a spell ward of stun bolt, which was triggered when touched.
The first section was a Botanical Treatise. It was heavily illustrated with approximately 20 different plants and herbs native to Ezmeria (basically grants a +2 misc. bonus to I.D. flora and to the Holistic Medicine skill). The three were so entranced that they continued until the sun went down.
The second section of the tome was a collection of out of order diary entries most about the day-to-day misgivings of Vordan. Along with a few awkward entries about an unnamed woman that they were fixated on. A few bad love poems with clumsy erotic overtones followed that, presumably about the same woman. They continued on to the third section, even Szoo was paying attention at this point.
Isis: “Well, YEAH! I mean that was GREAT! ‘Clumsy erotic overtones'! Great!”
This third section was an Alchemical Treatise. It included some uninteresting talk and speculation as well as illustrations of chemical glassware. It also talked about potion components and mentioned Mind Root and Mind Trap Flowers in conjunction with Mystic Lotus pollen. On a mismatched page Vordan rambled about wine. They appreciated Assassin Vine berry wine but only from the ‘darkest of berries'. They also were able to find a potion formula scrawled in this section, Bear's Endurance (the section also grants a +1 to the Alchemy skill when referred to while performing the skill). By this time Szoo had fetched 2 more rounds and the others decided to stop, the time being around 2 pm. They all went their separate ways with Szoo heading to the Hookah Bar.
On the way out Excor lent Gornix 185 gold pieces for spell components (Gornix was broke) and went to the bazaar to purchase said components. They left to their separate apartments.
Fauna went to the bazaar shortly thereafter. They picked up their custom green with gold trim robes ordered 8 days prior. They then looked around for healing salves. They found a small niche shop and recognized the merchant giving them a secret handshake so they just improvised it back (natural 20) and mentioned that they had recognized them as the groundskeeper's friend. They gave them a deal on the healing slaves and they quickly excused themselves and left.
Szoo had navigated the maze of city streets through the inner gates into the far northeastern corner of the South Market District. It was early evening as they neared their destination. The place was a fair-sized cubic-rectangular building near the 3 big civic grain-stores not far from Excor's apartment building.
Where the plaster was falling away revealed that the building was constructed of large age-beaten limestone blocks. It was older than the other newer adobe, plaster, and wood buildings especially those that made use of concrete like the apartment blocks. The serpentine split-tongue script was engraved around the circular doorway, too bad Szoo was illiterate.
So the young elementalist slid into a sea of fragrant pipe-fog through the saloon doors. It was spacious within with a tiled floor and the pale plastered walls undulated creating fair-sized niches where the floor sank into a bowl shape with a small table and hookah-pipe standing at center. Some were pillowed lined, most were occupied. Brass oil lamps and large finely wrought censers hung from the ceiling by thin chains populating the ceiling like swamp moss from the branches of water-rooted oaks. Directly opposite the entrance was a large mural of the city. It depicted Ezmer encompassed by the neck, body, and tail of a yellow-green dragon. Finally, to the left of and perpendicular to the entrance was the bar tended by a Scael Naga with silvery light green scales spotted with the occasional black patch. Ssskrha, already bellied up, hailed Szoosha over.
Various mixes of pipe-weeds, herbs, and powders populated the shelves behind the bar and it's tender. In addition, the place served weak ale, grog, and ‘grey-milk'. Grey-milk was soured ale watered down and mixed with herbs. Ssskrha paid for Szoo to use a finely wrought brass long-stemmed pipe from behind the bar. The elementalist selected a 10 gold piece priced ‘special gold blend' to smoke. Szoo was surprisingly forthcoming with information on themselves to their new friend despite their typical paranoia.
Szoo drew in a full lung of the gold blend. They were dizzied temporarily but enjoyed its visual effects. They carried on with some more small-talk while colored lights popped in their eyes. So of course They ordered a drink, and then drew another hit. However, the second toke was one toke over the line for the young mage. They blacked out just as they blew the smoke from their lungs.
It was the burning white light of the morning sun directly on their face that woke the young black-scaled naga. They found themselves on the deck of a High-Born ship. A gold scaled High-Born naga crewman was standing over him.
To Be Continued…
Share this: Facebook
LinkedIn
Reddit
Tumblr
Twitter
Pinterest
Spread the love
Reince Priebus and Stephen K. Bannon sang “Kumbaya” at the Conservative Political Action Conference on Thursday and probably succeeded in convincing most observers that President Trump's chief of staff and their chief strategist don't hate each other's guts. But don't confuse congeniality with consensus.
It was glaringly obvious that when it comes to their views of the media, Priebus is mainstream and Bannon is extreme. It was also obvious that Bannon's view is the one Trump subscribes to.
[Bannon vows a daily fight for ‘deconstruction of the administrative state']
Here's a question posed to both men by American Conservative Union chairperson Matt Schlapp: “What does the media keep getting wrong about this Trump phenomena and what's happening out there in the country? And is there any hope that this changes?”
This was the response from White House chief of staff Priebus:
I think there's hope that it's going to change. I mean we — we sit here every day and — and the president pumps out all of this work and — and the executive orders and the punching through of the promises that they made to the American people. So we're hoping that the media would catch up eventually. But we're so conditioned to it. I'm personally so conditioned to hearing about why President Trump isn't going to win the election. Why one — why a controversy in the primaries going to take down President Trump. I lived through it, as chairperson of the party.
Notice that Priebus, even as they complained that media coverage is too negative, displayed trust in the basic fairness of the press. They were optimistic that the media, while critical, will recognize Trump's successes if the president achieves the goals they laid out during the campaign.
White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus, right, and presidential adviser Stephen Bannon give an interview at CPAC on Thursday. (Bill O'Leary/The Washington Post)
Priebus seemed reluctant to spend too much time griping about the media. After answering Schlapp's question directly, they quickly changed the subject, citing conversations they had with their neighbors in Wisconsin to explain why they think Trump won the election.
This is a standard Republican attitude: Yeah, the media is biased against us, but we still get credit when it's due, so let's not be obsessed.
Bannon responded to Schlapp's question very differently:
The reason Reince and I are good partners is that we can disagree. It's not only not going to get better. It's going to get worse every day. And here's why: By the way, the internal logic makes sense. They're corporatist, globalist media that are adamantly opposed — adamantly opposed to an economic nationalist agenda like Donald Trump has. ... Here's the only — here's why it's going to get worse: Because he's going to continue to press their agenda. And as economic conditions get better, as more jobs get better, they're going to continue to fight. If you think they're going to give you your country back without a fight, you are sadly mistaken. Every day — every day, it is going to be a fight.
[Steve Bannon's not-so-subtle threat to the media]
Wow. That was pretty dark. Bannon framed the Trump-media dynamic as a fight for control of the country. They told Trump supporters that the media is not “going to give you your country back without a fight,” suggesting that the press currently does control the country and must be overthrown.
Bannon went further, claiming that the media will fight against Trump “as economic conditions get better, as more jobs get better.” Translation: The media is your enemy, people. Journalists don't want your lives to improve.
When Trump sends tweets like this, it is clear which top aide they are listening to:
What's interesting is that Bannon used to sound more like Priebus.
“I'm not a whiner. I don't want to hear that the media's against us,” they said in a 2012 radio interview. “We're supposed to be conservatives. That means you overcome what life throws at you. I don't want to hear people talk about, 'Oh, you know, but the media. The big, bad media.'”
Since then, Bannon has apparently determined that whining about the big, bad media is an effective political tool. Priebus might be uncomfortable with it, but the president has reached the same conclusion as Bannon.
SYRACUSE, N.Y. -- The crowd for Saturday's game between No. 7 Villanova and third-ranked Syracuse could break the NCAA attendance record the teams set last year.
Syracuse officials said Wednesday that more than 33,000 tickets had been sold for the game, and coach Jim Boeheim was featured in a video on the university's athletic website encouraging fans to buy the few nosebleed seats still available.
Last February's game between the teams drew 34,616, an NCAA record for the largest on-campus crowd to see a college basketball game. Seating was capped at that figure, making it the first basketball sellout in Carrier Dome history, but the university has added seats for Saturday's game.
Villanova also was the opponent on March 5, 2006, when a then-record crowd of 33,633 turned out to see the final home game for former Orange star Gerry McNamara.
Syracuse (18-1, 5-1 Big East), coming off a loss at Pittsburgh (No. 4 ESPN/USA Today, No. 5 AP) , hopes to have leading scorer Kris Joseph back for Villanova (16-2, 4-1). Joseph, who sustained a head injury in the first half of last Saturday's home game against Cincinnati when they fell backward on a drive and their head caromed violently off the hardwood, did not make the trip for Monday night's game at the Petersen Events Center.
Wearing flip-flops instead of sneakers and smiling often at their teammates, Joseph shot balls at practice on Wednesday after an off day but did not take part in drills.
"I know I feel a lot better, and every day I get better," said Joseph, who averaged 19.5 points in the Orange's first four Big East games before getting hurt. "Today, I'm just going to get some shots up and see how that feels. Tomorrow, I'll do a little bit more. Every day I have to do a little bit more to see how I feel. Hopefully, I'll be back."
Joseph was well aware that the attendance record might fall and said that was on their mind.
"We're trying to break that 34,616," they said. "I heard there was already students camping out, which is amazing. You've got to love Syracuse fans. It's going to be a great game, and I definitely want to be a part of it, be able to play and not just watch from the sidelines."
As as an experiment, I want to see how easily we can get accurate and highly informative King of Fighters XIV gameplay information and content by taking advantage of social media & Google Docs.
We have a wiki for King of Fighters XIV that needs updating but we have our wiki access locked only for administrators at the moment to protect it from spambots. Since getting wiki accounts can be a pain for myself & the editors, I have chosen to use Google Docs to be of a “draft” for our wikis and for the information can be constantly updated by the KOF community. Information will be checked for accuracy by myself, the admin team here at Dream Cancel and also anonymous KOF players who will be submitting information to the doc pages.
All docs are open for edit suggestions (a preview edit that must be approved) and comment suggestions (to add a comment about a certain edit without editing the text).
Feel free to add what you can or what you feel may be helpful to making the wiki as informative & easy to read as possible.
UPDATE: Needs updating to 3.0! Oswald, Najd, Blue Mary and Heidern's pages are added!
Here are all the characters doc pages:
Alice:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JtH42y4D-R3NrJ77ELf7bsGVR3hk4wdhTWShxpILuQc/edit
Andy Bogard:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ptpflacglus18Z2WtF1DlfDO3tqLvQIZauTN4Y83uJk/edit
Angel:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1obL09HtLVqPWKZnc_nuisre_972ovS6yGKqo4jHF2aE/edit
Antonov:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ybmU9ougFHXhX6pli3pTpVxKNJQ8IuH2CU1MTmAldHI/edit
Athena:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/125P6smgzisMCxWAHIRSY0xy-uxtnieEcx1xBsgFpBl4/edit
Bandeiras:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/11Dr9-4zNGZ5Xtj9MY9w45cgiTS1Huov5xOJp_5Z-zY8/edit
Benimaru:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kNaSXvvzMjng3yf1kUwXfV0kztq_d-yZG7BgVPsX7Bw/edit
Billy Kane:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aPooV7J_kGjvC-KCvP52ZvTWQSWjdvy3-xs4B9OgpyE/edit
Chang:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/19bxhrVt9Y-H1WBCja78c4hygVm8jGZa3SEkfmGmwTaE/edit
Chin:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xq_z5KNpZO7lBKFGsGvTFIpaj7HJwztNAYFh0N8veII/edit
Choi:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/14yLfSPx_2yRX2rFbgZV5MOqe5giHIfnnUeyBSuaeQKw/edit
Clark:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1H_O6qn7zMUilHK4a2WM0pM7NzSbcCXXWs5G0SPH-OwA/edit
Gang-Il:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1L2lQxvYLFvs1T_6zu5731EbouzM87SSoCik-I_yyEbo/edit
Geese Howard:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qSqKq75HsA9QdNbaPhhHpVX_lD1LTZhKzVssgX1foR4/edit?usp=sharing
Goro Daimon:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/19ylBiuHq9bET-eGAPHXGsUPhPt4oycVBCOkSiYMnbiE/edit
Hein:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OEcKvaEmhYrY2TOqlOf3XiZz6IyP_w1szfdrW8eLjOs/edit
Iori Yagami:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1b4A58nguRdwVp2JadEmAG6Dr9odEpK_qReDEWb3DuVQ/edit
Joe Higashi:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/136M2LP-HOrKlJdYC8h9__45tYkgVxRZVo-DoXlaoFh8/edit?usp=sharing
K':
https://docs.google.com/document/d/108bDLyPl-CIiEByjMKMaYpcuOoh9mn740LpNE7lkZeo/edit
Kim:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jQYLKJNBTAwNYZV5Yo4va94qvStka4LeE0gLRsyRhFQ/edit
King:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HH2260AKngs5VJ6mrxJV0O8JKESOKk0IZS_SnY1C_Uk/edit
King of Dinosaurs:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tktN8gKGOPt9xRU-F1eIeAzowFS-Ar19Hsxa45RRz4g/edit
Kukri:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nCS04sGestHQDPolUo7aX1DjUB9M9roINmp9npsRz8g/edit
Kula:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cM47lw5-1Bo8Y29Bc4wDhzloCMcz0uyd78KscTu0Hvc/edit
Kyo:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bCABLgPCv97AAUkQVv_d7ia2ZkKBtFdvZCr05kjKdM0/edit
Leona:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1I-HucxFMh1ePOsrwMhvZl6xTXJkyl2aiAep-y3AGyqY/edit
Love Heart:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ztxqG_ZDRn-hmdzAq6gAMDaD5Luv5jZikc4GtmDPlbA/edit
Luong:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HP8FLZslmV575f0-DYdcYSSgSC5fDVo2m36HunmdncE/edit
Mai:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LO5hdjfTQUp7u-ua3d7tmz-diojIJWspnnbWYvp54oA/edit
Mature:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1j2bVZODsUW84Rdz0N6_S6a7SVUF4ijGHZi5I0sQIQyY/edit
Maxima:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ztSRApWVdKAIzLfUq_d3tAu-4tJIOzRWKs3uP7sABJo/edit
Meitenkun:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cIevWMZH1hIRX6XqlEOvzesTcMP5Iz9CLyGFkCZlUII/edit
Mian:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/18eXqVGSc0uoJiWTRcWMuUpwtLjfFvJWut5X8NHANRAE/edit
Mui Mui:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Lm5a-XNswedflmc1abUu-nKX-ROuK2-K6crdFhtMI90/edit
Nakoruru:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xhSchwcRumBzTMtS0GEk526I0o3iPIaXEt39TjMgnCg/edit
Nelson:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VuPeOuh1dMcnLUYbkBbMCjP0Lh479NDiT_3iXYp66SU/edit
Ralf Jones:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hapCpMQ-3h7QbMljuHfh4042hyaCIP7rbEeXlWkIJKw/edit
Ramon:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/10q6-TfFKwCO16OMLH6ZYkETr25JogV_41w7wYBKFT-4/edit?usp=sharing
Robert Garcia:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RvPLUPBwZgtcsKZaK6AFk8X68De56CSH0N6Xg7veUGQ/edit
Rock Howard:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/10-bVfqwiN8lJUkIWyXReNip79PiyBEuxluB4Jnhbbuo/edit
Ryo Sakazaki:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/15grnpKlNxSb4FnXgQPxTnvivpM7WwfVgN3Ll7Tlm0VY/edit
Shun'ei:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tgJmxm4ZG9ybfOgD-Ncr2bjGEWUIiQioFHJ5CBIkzrY/edit
Sie Kensou:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-PkkWrjfxhQnwew3yXj79kD0GE08HEv_rF2wfdlTXIg/edit
Sylvie Paula Paula:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1S9VM9A9UyXHKfZRr_ifTgR2qDxUfzBJ8W-v_c0-FN14/edit
Terry Bogard:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TIKSPhPxJs2glyQ_ZF288q-K8UBJ3u6VKan2ML1J3KY/edit
Tung Fu Rue:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JnAR0q9RssmJUfNlXrVtTffhn80EO1_-TywjN9iq-Qw/edit
Vanessa:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FjdMOcSm7lbjd4wDZq3sWkbLJ_EicIkM7KMMJmPsHOY/edit
Verse:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1s5JO2lBedRiYYgl1GhHVnYMqoZTDQcQtEaUXYI6lZG0/edit
Vice:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cV-Er18u1iJBxBaXvDAwqeouxkZCevCcH_zhflIPQl4/edit
Whip:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1prfF3KWIUi0UCZ9CWwZzX1_doC_SCCwuC1qX19Zng6A/edit
Xanadu:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_MDbp3vU1j0xs1E0yPSINQl3tN2IWSW2w4j6z2_xeWg/edit
Yamazaki:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GmtODIwujR4AQIR8C5OapzJ7JCaqH0YrGQJ2Qey46HQ/edit
Zarina:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1K5RbMv6X8nsC_XTz9c_gNxsS8Z86NETeAbGlSCLEF_M/edit
Heidern:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ml2qy1KJtlIPmHkpX8Wi7LEwEJaOuDCiLWUg3vPmmVI/edit#
Najd:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1C2O_Cxn8Fvi9oIHPl0IWdivnhlMlRjpIToQIjon49A0/edit?usp=sharing
Oswald:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DgNAKi7BnhMa1R5DgvMtrdCG7_EFzLHA6riyZ9Zaz2Y/edit
Blue Mary: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1O7iLNTBM9x9HsZi8-JomN2lS4vJcyJjwpFtsuayA1Hs/edit
Also, our BNB Combos Guide needs updating:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xLoDDFKqskMg8termkT4b9b1bMew6AkjHGWL_-RQg9w/edit#heading=h.uxho7jgzs97d
If you would like to help the Dream Cancel KOFXIV wiki directly, email us at dreamcancelsnk(@)gmail.com
The villas of the Half Moon resort in Jamaica stand facing the Caribbean Sea, their walls blinding white and tiled roofs the colour of ash. Seven years ago, one of the villas was taken over by several Indians who had arrived to convince people in other villas that New Delhi should be granted the right to host the Commonwealth Games in 2010, and not the Canadian town of Hamilton. It soon bore the look of a little India with pretty women in costumes they usually don't wear, and there was classical music in the air that most Indians do not listen to, though there were Hindi film songs too, and in the nights the Indians laid out on the beach foods that they usually don't cook at home. In another villa, the Canadians did not know what they must do to attract equal attention, what costumes their women must wear, what music they must play. And what was Canadian food, by the way? All they could say was that they were a developed nation with good airports, roads and stadiums. They did show photographs of the Niagara Falls, though.
In the conference rooms, Indians showed slides of their Photoshopped modernity—malls with smartly dressed women holding bags made out of recyclable paper, and grey flyovers, and straight black roads that had white lines in the middle. They argued that India was a resurgent, unstoppable economic force. In the end they bribed all the Commonwealth nations with $100,000 each. India won the bid. The nation was not ecstatic but there was rejoicing. Even the endearingly unflappable The Hindu newspaper (which once covered the annual hysteria of the Union Budget with the headline, ‘FM Presents Budget'), carried a jubilant agency report from Montego Bay, Jamaica: ‘India's growing sporting clout was in full flow here as New Delhi won the right to host the 2010 Commonwealth Games.'
The Delhi Games assumed its own motto, ‘Come Out And Play', which is a perplexing choice because isn't that the whole point of athletes travelling thousands of miles with their heavy bags? But there was a time between August and September when it appeared that the motto was a prescient begging—please do not ditch us. In those two months, the Commonwealth Games received more media attention than ever in its history. Even American papers wrote about the disaster that was unfolding. Sports officials were accused of embezzling crores, the venues were not ready, the debris outside the stadiums was yet to be removed, the chief executive of the Games federation, Mike Hooper, said the Games Village was filthy and unfit for humans. An Indian official expressed surprise. They said, correctly, that Indians and White people had different hygiene standards. Hooper insisted that hygiene “has no nationality”. Meanwhile, dengue fever was spreading in Delhi (it still is). There were stray dogs in the Village and animal stains on the mattresses. Britain had to send its own staff to clean the toilets. Also, a foot bridge that led to the main venue collapsed. The ceiling of the weightlifting stadium gave way.
India spent between two and seven billion dollars on the Games, depending on which report one believes. It was money spent largely on national pride. But in return, the Indian response to hosting the Commonwealth Games showed a bumbling republic. It exposed a country that was at its heart inefficient, callous and corrupt. No other country has spent so much money to expose its true character to the world.
In the Half Moon resort, there were Indian sports officials whose interest in the Games was not honourable. But most of the people who were part of the delegation were honest men and women who were there in the national interest. They really wanted their country to host the Commonwealth Games, even if it was a second-rate sporting brand. They imagined that the Games would raise huge stadiums and road systems. Not surprisingly, one of the delegates was Sunil Gavaskar, a patriot. A year before they went to Half Moon to sell India as a modern superpower, they were in London for the Wisden Cricket Awards. A young Indian journalist, having been wrongly briefed about the dress code of the sophisticated Long Room at the Lord's cricket ground, arrived in a room full of tuxedoes wearing a silver matrimonial sherwani that probably emitted its own light. Even the English gawked, some looked at the floor and laughed, their own acquaintances ensured that they were not seen with him. Mike Gatting said “interesting”. But redemption came next morning at the hotel buffet, when Sunil Gavaskar walked up to the young insignificant journalist and said, “I liked what you were wearing last evening.” The journalist said that it was a huge mistake. Gavaskar scolded him. “You wore an Indian dress. You should be proud. I was proud.”
Gavaskar is a bit extreme. (An email asking them if they regret being part of the team that brought the Games to India went unanswered). But their view that an Indian should be proud of being an Indian at all times is shared by a majority of their people. In Bombay's theatres, there is the obtuse practice of playing the national anthem before every show. Even in the most expensive multiplexes, if one is not standing in attention, there are enough righteous people who will whisper insults, even poke the offender with their fingers, though probably none of them knows in what language Tagore had written the anthem. (I have asked.) Despite the nationalism of Indians, the question ‘what should an Indian be proud of?' is one that would elicit spurious answers. Even Bill Clinton could not be briefed properly on the subject when they visited Bombay in 2000. They said, in a complimentary way, that the city has more television channels than America. Usually the foreign compliments are cultural in nature. Indians, too, congratulate themselves about their past. When Indians speak of culture it is as if no other nation has culture.
The Indian nuclear programme is one of the very few things about modern India that has convinced Indians that they are good at something. In May 1998, after India tested five nuclear devices in Pokhran in absolute secrecy, the news passed through the country as a bolt of triumph. The Americans were stunned, apparently. Their spy satellites had been hoodwinked. India had exhibited not only its nuclear science but also its cunning (which is rare). Expatriate Indians were ecstatic. In the days following Pokhran II, it was extraordinary how many times you might have heard an NRI, even the peaceful eco-friendly type, say they “was so proud of India”. The pride was shortlived, as just over a fortnight after India tested its nuclear weapons, Pakistan did so too. There was a joke that the Pakistanis took so long to test because the instruction manual was in Mandarin. There is some truth in the joke, however. It was the Chinese who enabled Pakistan to follow up the Indian tests so fast. The Indian nuclear programme, too, is heavily borrowed. And there is no truth in the perception that the country's nuclear programme is a scientific achievement.
As Thomas C Reed and Danny B Stillman point out in their book, The Nuclear Express: A Political History of the Bomb and its Proliferation, the atom bomb was invented only once. In the United States. The authors say, ‘Since the birth of the nuclear age, no nation has developed a nuclear weapon on its own, although many claim otherwise.' Nuclear technology first left the United States through a network of Russian spies. India, like a few other nuclear nations, eventually became a beneficiary of the Soviet Union's great game.
Despite all its penile glory, Indian nuclear science hangs on the brilliance of very few men. The best engineering graduates in the country are not interested in joining the nuclear programme. Those who are interested are usually eager boys and girls from small towns and villages. Drafting the young into the nuclear programme is a mission that is at once poignant and comical. In fact, most of the over 10,000 who apply every year to the Bhabha Atomic Research Centre in Bombay do so just to get a free sightseeing trip to the city, as BARC does provide free train tickets and an allowance. They even confess to that during the interview when tough questions daunt them and they just want to be left alone. Veteran professors of BARC once told me stories from interview sessions that were baffling (they were mentioned in an earlier piece in Open magazine: Who Is An Indian Nuclear Scientist). When an applicant was asked to describe the photoelectric effect, the boy said, “You know photo. You know electric. Combine them.” Another, when asked why Kolkata trams run on direct current and not alternating current, said, “If it uses alternating current, the tram would go forward and back.” Another applicant, when asked to explain the Uncertainty Principle, said, “Sir, it means everything in life is uncertain.”
The Indian space programme is another investment in national pride, though increasingly the Government is suggesting that there are clear commercial benefits in the future when India would become a cheap transporter of foreign satellites to space. Also, India plans to mine the moon. After a lunar orbiter the country sent to study the moon died in the middle of its mission, there was much jubilation in the Chinese press. The Chinese news agencies quoted Indian scientists as saying that the mission was a failure. Mysteriously, nobody had heard of the scientists who were quoted, and when I tried to find them, it became apparent that those scientists did not exist.
The Indian Space Research Organisation is preparing to send a man (or a woman) to moon, and in defence of such an expensive project the organisation says there will be future benefits. India, apparently, is in a scientific pursuit. That is hard to believe. The intention of the Indian space mission is very evidently national pride. For, if India truly had a scientific temperament, it would have spent its limited resources on finding life-saving drugs or revolutionary gadgets for its people. It is tempting to imagine what would have happened if, for the past 50 years, India had invested in medicine instead of the space mission. But then, space is sexy.
It is not just the seeming national achievements that Indians are proud of. There is a deeply rooted pride even in the chaotic nature of the nation—the imagination that the informality of India has its own charm, a cultural honesty. Lane discipline is after all the invention of the Protestant White male. Order is a Western idea. In India, they say, we do it our way. Despite all the Indian jokes around the Commonwealth Games, despite the joyous self-flagellation, there is also a popular view, which is often accompanied with an emphatic shake of the head, that “in the end”, India will pull it off. That is how India is, they say, clownish but functional. In the end, everything works out. Even those who speak fondly about professionalism do not like it when they actually encounter clinical professional behaviour in their own offices. System constricts the Indian, and they are proud that they are that way.
But at the same time they want the world to think highly of him. Like the glimpse of a beautiful woman fills a man's heart with fleeting happiness, the sight of a foreign compliment in the media brings to them a passing joy. That is why the media provides it. Like the insufferable stories about the dabbawalas of Bombay whose precise coordination apparently is a case study in top management schools. And the news of Indian kids in America winning the top Spelling Bee contests. And the photographs of Indian tattoos on the skin of foreign celebrities. And the fact that James Cameron's film is called Avatar. And that Rajinikanth is famous in Japan (That is a myth. I have been to Japan twice in the past ten years and have searched very hard to find their fame).
The most persistent agent of national pride is the dislocated Indian living abroad.  They are of a type. Respect was something they used to get so easily in India. They had to just emerge from a certain home, a certain car, and the whole nation would fall in place. But in the First World, they are like anybody else. People with menial jobs have arrogant pride. They don't behave like vanquished animals at all. (I remember a wealthy Indian's face in London after a bus driver asked them to shut up because their chatter was distracting him. The bus was standing in a parking lot when this happened). Humiliated by the equality of all and the swagger of Whites, diminished NRIs reach for the comfort of home. India is magnified in their eyes. Every writer who has written anything against the nation or even an actor is familiar with the obtuse abusive comments of NRIs. And when they finally choose to come back for good, they would like to say, with a lot of air in their chest, that there is no place like home. In reality, they have come for the driver, for the maid, for the easy respect they can find only in a poor country.
China bashing has become a cottage industry during this Presidential season. Whether it's griping about the trade deficit, decrying the amount of our debt China owns, or skewering China's currency policies, Americans see bogeymen around nearly every corner. The merits of such concerns are debatable, and I gladly leave those arguments to policy wonks and modern-day China watchers. But, it is important to remember that our relationship with China goes all the way back to the beginning of the Republic, and in those dramatic and tempestuous years of America's youth, the China trade provided a much needed, and greatly appreciated boost to the American economy. Back then, China wasn't a threat, it was a golden opportunity.
It is not surprising that Americans pursued the China trade as soon as the American Revolution ended. After all, American colonists had long had a love affair with things Chinese. From the mid-1600s up until the eve of the revolution, the British East India Company supplied the American colonists with Chinese goods, most importantly tea, which Americans consumed at a rate of more than one billion cups annually in the early 1770s.
Before the revolution, Americans had been barred from entering the China trade on account of the British East India Company's monopoly on Far Eastern commerce. But when America won the war, the Company's monopoly no longer applied, and Americans were free to trade with China, and trade they did.
Between 1784, when the Empress of China blazed the trail, and the end of the War of 1812, nearly three hundred American ships made a total of 618 voyages to Canton.
These ships carried cargoes of ginseng, sea otter and fur seal skins, opium, sandalwood, and Spanish silver dollars, which were used to purchase Chinese tea, silk, porcelain, and other exotic items.
Among the merchants who took the lead in the China trade were John Jacob Astor of New York, Stephen Girard of Philadelphia, and Elias Hasket Derby of Salem. Their China trading and other business activities made them among the wealthiest people in the United States, with Derby becoming the country's first millionaire, Astor its first multimillionaire, and Girard nearly equaling Astor's fortune.
Although merchants benefited most from the China trade, they weren't the only ones who were enriched. During the Revolution, much of America's merchant fleet was destroyed by the British navy, which tenaciously targeted American ships at sea and in port. That meant that new ships had to be built for the burgeoning China trade, bringing shipyards back to life and employing thousands of men in various trades.
Those ships had to be outfitted, employing thousands more, and they had to be manned, which created a high demand for officers and crew. Each time a ship returned, its owners had to pay customs fees to the government, and when the ships' cargoes were sold in shops they created another source of revenue.
Thus in many ways the impacts of the China trade were felt far and wide. The money funneled into shipbuilding, outfitting, and manning the ships, paying the taxes, and selling the goods cascaded through the economy and made it stronger. The emerging China trade also placed the United States on a firmer footing to defend its rights upon the seas by serving as a nursery for seamen who could be called upon by the merchant marine and naval forces to help defend the country.
After the War of 1812, up through the Civil War, the China trade continued to enrich merchants and bolster the economy, at times exceeding 4 percent of the nation's foreign commerce. The China trade also led to the development of clipper ships, the “greyhounds of the sea,” arguably the most magnificent sailing vessels ever built, which were designed to get to China and back quickly, because the fresher the tea, the higher the prices that could be charged.
The China trade was an early engine of American investment. The most prominent and successful China merchants plowed their millions into a wide array of business ventures—including railroads, banks, and mining ventures—that helped build America's nineteenth-century economic and industrial might. And many China merchants invariably became philanthropists, leaving behind lasting legacies.
These American fortunes, and all their good works, however, must be weighed against the damage that was done in acquiring them. Many of America's China traders earned a significant portion of their wealth from the morally and legally indefensible opium trade. And though the Opium Wars (1839-42 and 1856-60) were not American wars, Americans still bear a heavy responsibility for having nurtured the drug trade.
Perhaps the most enduring, and certainly the most beautiful legacy of the early China trade can be seen in art museums and people's homes, which contain exquisite objects brought over from the Middle Kingdom.
So, when you read the heated, and often overblown news coverage on the tribulations of the modern China trade, bear in mind that we have been trading with China for more than 225 years, and in many ways, that has been a good thing.
This is a special Upworthy series about encouraging action on climate change. Made Possible by Planet Victory;
Narrative:
Narrator: I'm on the phone with Jim on one of our regular check-ins. Jim, just nothing is happening. Hey, Jim. It's going well. We had some serious bouts of wind, but other than things are fairly well set up here. We've got some continuous time lapse going…
Male: It's starting Adam, I think. Adam, it's starting.
Narrator: Oh, wait, Jim, Jim. The big piece is starting to calve. Let me call you back.
Male: Hold that.
Narrator: Okay, bye. Is it still going?
Male: Yeah, in that V-section right there. Holy shit, look at that big bird rolling.
Narrator: All four are running, right? Look at that. You see how… Look at the whole thing. The calving face is 300, sometimes 400 feet tall. Pieces of ice were shooting up out of the ocean 600 feet, and then falling. The only way that you can really try to put it into scale with human reference is if you imagine Manhattan, and all of a sudden, all of those buildings just start to rumble, and quake, and peel off and just fall over, fall over and roll around. This whole massive city just breaking apart in front of your eyes. We're just observers. It's two little dots on this side of it now. And we watched and recorded the largest witness calving event ever caught on tape.
Presenter: So how big was this calving event that we just looked at? We'll resort to some illustrations again to give you a sense of scale. It's as if the entire lower tip of Manhattan broke off, except that the thickness, the height of it, is equivalent to buildings that are two-and-a-half or three times higher than they are.
Narrator: That's a magical, miraculous, horrible, scary thing. I don't know that anybody has really seen the miracle and horror of that.
Presenter: It took a hundred years for it to retreat eight miles from 1900 to 2000. From 2000 to 2010 it retreated nine miles. So in ten years it retreated more than it had in the previous 100.
Source article here
By Don Pollaco, Warwick University, UK
There can be no doubt that NASA's Kepler mission has been a resounding success. In particular, much of what we know about rocky planets has come from this mission. After saying that, ground-based radial velocity surveys had already indicated the existence of super-Earths—a class of planet not found in our solar system (ignoring Planet 9!), and the first exo-rocky planet discovered was found through the French-ESA CoRoT mission (Corot-7b). The list of “firsts” from Kepler is truly amazing:
Planetary size distribution The commonality of multi-planet systems The application of transit timing techniques to derive planetary masses and the recovery of unseen components The detection and modelling of the first circumbinary systems The diversity of low mass planets The evaporation and breakup of small planets
and so, while some results are less good, e.g. estimate of eta-Earth (number of habitable zone planets per star) and the masses of low-mass planets, Kepler's place in history is assured. To me though, Kepler's greatest result is really the ubiquity of exoplanets; specifically small planets.
Almost as impressive has been Kepler's contribution to the proving of stellar asteroseismology. Whilst these techniques had been applied to the Sun and individual stars, Kepler has been used to derive stellar parameters for hundreds of stars at a level never before achieved en masse.
Kepler Small Planets
Kepler has given us a tantalizing first glimpse of the small/rocky planet population and some of the results have been absolutely awesome (Figure 1). For example, masses for the fantastic seven planet Kepler-11 system have been derived through modelling the gravitational perturbations giving rise to the transit time variations, and show these planets are much bigger than expected for their masses—maybe they are mini gas planets or have fluffy extended atmospheres.
At the other extreme is Kepler-10c. Kepler-10b (mass 3.33M E , radius 1.47R E , Period 0.84d) was well known as Kepler's first rocky planet, and spectroscopic observations from the ground with HARPS-N on La Palma not only confirmed this, but also detected the stellar reflex motion from the long period Kepler-10c component. Surprisingly, the mass turned out to be 17.2M E , but the Kepler (2.3R E ) radius suggested we were still most likely looking at a massive super-Earth. Given that we struggle to understand the internal structure of the Earth, we are quite mystified to explain that of Kepler-10c. These results and others lead us to believe the small planet population is much more diverse than we originally believed.
When Kepler was being designed, it was generally agreed that there would be little variation of compositions in this population, so that from a measurement of planetary radius its mass could be directly inferred. Consequently, it was assumed that there would be little need for follow-up observations. Kepler showed us the need to determine the planetary mass directly.
Radial Velocity Surveys: Masses of Kepler Planets
Since the first discovery of a planet around a Sun-like star (Mayor and Queloz 1995), radial velocity surveys—searching for the reflex motion induced in the star—were often the most efficient discovery technique. Compared to the transit method's strict requirement on the orbital geometry, radial velocity detection is far more lenient. However, without knowledge of the orbital inclination to our line of sight, all we can determine is the planetary minimum mass. Basically, from radial velocity information alone we can learn about the planetary orbit, but essentially nothing about the planet itself.
Radial velocity information is most useful when it is used alongside transit data. With radius and, most importantly, orbital information coming from the light curve modelling, solutions of the equations of motion can give an accurate planetary mass. Thus, we can get an accurate estimation of the bulk density/composition of a planet. What should be emphasized here is that to derive the planetary mass and radii requires better accuracy in the stellar parameters; in fact, for the best transit light curves knowledge of the host star is often the factor limiting that of the planetary component. The study of exoplanets has led to a renaissance in stellar research and especially the proving of asteroseismology.
The low brightness of the Kepler field stars and the prevalence of small planets is a double whammy for our studies of the masses of small planets—the small reflex motion and lack of stellar photons make mass measurements at best somewhat challenging. So while the Kepler photometry has produced highly accurate relative radii, even the brightest Kepler host stars are challenging targets for radial velocity work. It is ironic that the planets with the most accurate accepted masses are massive planets found from ground-based transit surveys such as SuperWASP or HAT.
As a consequence, researchers have developed our ability to model gravitation perturbations detectable through transit timing variations (as noted earlier) and this is how most Kepler planetary masses have been determined. This has the advantage that they can be derived from the light curve alone and with apparently small errors, but is possible for only a small fraction of the planets. There is still some controversy surrounding the use of masses derived in this way and maybe more importantly in the quoted errors. Maybe this will improve in the future.
However, one of the big lessons from Kepler (and the ongoing K2 surveys of course) is that we need a host star population as bright as possible so we can derive masses, make planetary atmosphere observations, etc. So given this, what does the future hold?
Looking forward—the Transit Roadmap
For exploring the inner parts of solar systems, and in particular the habitable zones, for the next 10–15 years it is likely that transits of bright stars that allow radial velocity observations to be made will dominate (Figure 2). That's not to say that other techniques and regions of the parameter space will not be important—they will. For example, with SPHERE and GPi we are taking our first steps with dedicated and optimized instruments capable of direct planet detection—at least of luminous, young and massive planets. JWST may also be capable of this. Gaia and various microlensing space missions such as WFIRST (~2025) or EUCLID (2021) will allow us to statistically explore the outer parts of solar systems.
In terms of transit experiments, we have a crop of ground-based experiments—including the new NGTS, and the re-tasked Kepler K2 surveys. While still at an early stage, NGTS is proving capable of routinely detecting dips which could be due to Neptune-sized objects. Various experiments have been deployed targeting M dwarf stars, where the low intrinsic brightness and small star size mean that ground based photometry would even be capable of detecting Earth-sized planets in orbits of a few days; corresponding to the habitable zones of the feeblest stars.
In general, finding small planets (smaller than Neptune, say) in habitable zones is a difficult task and is best done from space. This not only avoids limitations in photometric accuracy from the Earth's atmosphere, but also the interruptions caused by the day/night cycles. Even still, as we push to higher and higher accuracies stellar activity becomes a bigger issue with fewer stars being suitable for radial velocity work. However, understanding stellar activity is an area of much research and there is hope that small radial velocity signals will be detectable against the activity signal in the future. Nonetheless, we are fortunate that both NASA and ESA have recognized the need for new surveys and we have a series of missions that have transit detection at their heart.
CHEOPS is due for launch in 2017 and is ESA first “Small” satellite. This Swiss led mission is designed to look at objects one at a time. CHEOPS has two science drivers:
The follow up of known planets discovered from radial velocity surveys and especially those targets thought likely to transit, and High accuracy light curves of transits from other surveys, notably NGTS.
So, while CHEOPS is not a survey instrument it will produce extremely accurate photometry of known planets and hence bulk densities. CHEOPS also has many other potential uses such as monitoring transits for timing variations etc.
NASA's Transiting exoplanet Survey Satellite, TESS, will be launched around the end of 2017. TESS will be orientated into a highly eccentric and inclined orbit which reaches almost to the lunar orbit. For most of the 27 day orbit the satellite will be far from the Earth, enabling accurate photometry. The clever orbit and observation strategy results in sections of the sky being monitored for 27 days before moving to the next section. These sections overlap at the Ecliptic poles and so a small region is monitored for as long as ~1 year. Given this, it is likely that TESS will find many single transiting systems which would benefit from CHEOPS observations.
TESS is aimed at surveying the nearest and brightest stars (mag) and is therefore preferentially examining M dwarfs. These low luminosity stars have habitable zones close in (periods as short as a week or so for the coolest objects). Furthermore, as these stars are quite small the detection of small planets can be achieved easier. Being extremely red objects they are likely to be ideal targets for the JWST and it is likely that the first observations of the atmosphere of a habitable zone planet will come from TESS.
The Future: ESA's M3 PLATO Mission
Over the years, there has been a succession of transit survey concepts studied by ESA, but in 2014, PLATO was finally selected as the “Medium 3” mission with launch date in 2024. PLATO was designed from the outset to characterize habitable zone rocky planets with Sun-like host stars that are bright enough for observation with the new generation of radial velocity spectrograph's such as ESPRESSO at ESO's Very Large Telescope (VLT) in Chile. PLATO is a multi-telescope system which provides a huge field of view (>2,200 square degrees—about 20 times that of Kepler) with excellent sensitivity and it will be stationed in a thermally stable environment at the L2 point, several million kilometers from Earth. While the dynamic range is from 4–13 magnitude, most of the interesting science will be for stars with magnitudes allowing asteroseismic characterization of accurate stellar parameters including their age. Figure 3 shows the predicted rocky planet catch for stars that can be fully characterized through asteroseismology compared to those from Kepler and TESS.
The time requirement for the ground-based follow up will be almost entirely driven by the smallest, longest period, planets and will represent a significant investment by the astronomical community. For some of the multi-planet systems, masses will also be available from models of any transit timing variations. While PLATO will certainly produce lots of interesting and no doubt unique systems and maybe even moons, rings, etc., the real PLATO reward will be the database of uniformly characterized planetary systems that can be used for future theoretical and observational experiments.
By the end of the next decade, we will have fully characterized hundreds of systems containing rocky planets. Many of these will be bright enough to have their atmospheres examined with the instruments of the day. The database of PLATO systems with known ages will allow us to take the first steps in comparing the observed planet population with theoretical studies, hence throwing light on the important processes that are sculpting the architectures of these systems. In many ways PLATO can be considered the descendant of Kepler and indeed one of the options for PLATO is to revisit the Kepler field to examine the variations in transit timing variations accumulated after a delay of some 15 years.
We live at a very fortunate time. Kepler has opened the window and shown us some of the landscape. The new missions will enable us to make great gains in comparative planetology so that we can understand our place in the Universe.
About the author. Don Pollaco is a Professor of Astronomy at Warwick University, UK. They were awarded their PhD in 1990 from St Andrews University. From 1990–1995 they worked as a PDRA and then lecturer at St Andrews and Liverpool John Moores Universities. Between 1995-2000 they were based at the Isaac Newton Group of Telescopes (ING) La Palma. Their PhD and postdoctoral studies were concerned with evolved stars and binary systems. From 2000–2012 they worked at Queen's University University Belfast developing the exoplanet group there. During this period they led the development as PI of the SuperWASP Project and the initial development of NGTS. Since arriving at Warwick in 2012 they have been the Science Coordinator for ESA's PLATO mission.
If the challengers had prevailed, customers who bought their insurance on the federal exchange — by far the majority of those insured by Obamacare — would have lost the subsidies. Only 16 states now have their own health exchanges up and running.
The health insurance industry had warned that if the challenge succeeded, the Affordable Care Act would have entered a "death spiral" — with costs rising for a shrinking number of participants, eventually causing the system to collapse.
Among the law's provisions are requirements that insurance companies cover people with pre-existing conditions and that nearly all Americans obtain health insurance. Congress knew that those components of the health care system would not work, the Obama administration had argued, if the subsidies that make insurance affordable for millions of people were available only on state exchanges.
Related: Americans Support Administration on Obamacare - Poll
Most Americans wanted the Supreme Court to side with the government on deciding whether the feds can continue subsidizing insurance premiums in all 50 states under the health care law, according to polls in recent months. Few, however, had much confidence that the court would rule objectively in the case, King v. Burwell.
Outside of the court the mood was jubilant.
Dozens of people outside of the Supreme Court building steps held up signs with the abbreviations of states and the number of people now covered there. The Center for American Progress organized the gathering and people chanted "ACA is here to stay" and "Fight, fight, fight. Healthcare is a human right."
"I agree that healthcare is a human right and I'm here today because I feel that the Affordable Care Act takes a big step forward in securing that right for millions of Americans across the country," said Krystin Racine of Vermont. "I think the most important thing is visibility. I think it's important that people see that there are people who support the law and that it has helped a lot of people."
Meanwhile, doctors groups and patients breathed a sigh of relief Thursday when the Supreme Court upheld one of the most important provisions of Obamacare: the federal subsidies.
"We did dodge a bullet. In the short run if this had gone the other way, then millions of people would have lost health insurance," said Tal Gross, a health policy expert at Columbia University's school of public health.
Related: Will Republicans Finally Accept Obamacare?
Conservatives vowed to press on with their efforts to bring attention to flaws in a law they see as broken.
"That we're even discussing another of Obamacare's self-inflicted brushes with the brink - again - is the latest indictment of a law that's been a rolling disaster for the American people," Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said on the Senate floor Thursday after the court ruling was announced. "Today's ruling won't change Obamacare's multitude of broken promises, including the one that resulted in millions of Americans losing the coverage they had and wanted to keep. Today's ruling won't change Obamacare's spectacular flops, from humiliating website debacles to the total collapse of exchanges in states run by the law's loudest cheerleaders. Today's ruling won't change the skyrocketing costs in premiums, deductibles, and co-pays that have hit the middle class so hard over the last few years."
The White House, however, remained undaunted.
"Today is a victory for hardworking Americans all across this country whose lives will continue to become more secure in a changing economy because of this law," the president said on Thursday in remarks after the ruling.
— Sam Gringlas contributed
New York Times writer and CNBC reporter John Harwood, whose closeness with the Clinton campaign was exposed by WikiLeaks, believes Democrats' electoral failures under President Obama were due in part to “white fear.”
Harwood, who moderated one of the GOP presidential debates, listed on Twitter what they believe are four reasons for Democrats' losses, the fourth of which was “Obama's race amid white fear of cultural change.”
Harwood also blamed the financial situation Obama inherited eight years ago, “accumulated angst” over income stagnation, and “effective/unified [Republican] opposition, especially to [Obamacare].” Harwood's blaming of “racist” white voters for Republican electoral victories is similar to the excuses offered by Clinton campaign aides, who blamed “white supremacy” for their candidate's second failed presidential campaign.
At the third GOP presidential debate, Harwood asked Donald Trump if they were running “a comic book version of a presidential campaign.” Harwood later bragged about provoking Trump during the debate in a December 2015 email to then-Clinton campaign chair John Podesta.
Harwood told Podesta they imagine “that Obama feels some (sad) vindication at this demonstration of their years-long point about the opposition party veering off the rails.”
“I certainly am feeling that way with respect to how I questioned Trump at our debate,” they continued. They later advised Podesta to “watch out” for then-Republican presidential hopeful Dr. Ben Carson, adding: “Ben Carson could give you real trouble in a general.” (RELATED: NYT's John Harwood Advises Clinton Campaign, Gloats About Provoking Trump At Debate)
Harwood went out of their way to lavish praise on Hillary Clinton in other emails to Podesta, which were among thousands of emails made public by WikiLeaks.
Harwood was one of several liberal journalists exposed by WikiLeaks for their closeness to the Clinton campaign. (RELATED: Leaks Have Exposed Journalists In Clinton's Corner)
Follow Hasson on Twitter @PeterJHasson
THE Taliban have renewed attacks on girls' schools in northwest Pakistan, stoking fears of a fresh terror campaign against women.
Militant groups have been "waiting and watching" as Pakistan reels from the effects of the worst floods in living memory, an intelligence source told The Times. The bombing of two girls' schools within days and a series of deadly blasts at Shia religious processions have raised fears that they are now making their move.
A girls' primary school was destroyed in Kalam in the Swat Valley, a former Taleban stronghold, last Friday. The attack, for which the Taliban claimed responsibility, was the first of its kind since the militants were flushed from the area by the Pakistani Army last year.
Read Next
A girls' high school in the Landi Arbab area of Peshawar was bombed on Monday. Gunmen also killed a woman teacher in the Bajaur tribal region.
No children were hurt in the school blasts but, with hundreds of schools already destroyed by the floods, concerns are rising that a fresh generation of Pakistani girls will be denied an education.
When the militants ruled the Swat Valley they destroyed hundreds of girls' schools, forcing 40,000 young women to give up their education, in a campaign led by Maulana Fazlullah, the Taliban chief in the area. They also banned television, ordered men to grow beards and paraded the corpses of their victims in public.
Their rule left the children of Swat deeply traumatised. "Children are imitators and, to them, militants with guns have power and kudos. Many are terrified of the militants returning but determined to be as powerful as the Taliban when they're older," an NGO worker said.
Those children are now coming to terms with how the floods tore apart schools only just rebuilt after the militants destroyed them.
In testimony gathered by an NGO in Swat and passed to The Times, Bushra, 13, described seeing their school being washed away. "I saw buildings being uprooted and carried away. I looked on as my school was destroyed," they said.
"I like studying and want to be a doctor. But now I go to the madrassa on Sunday and work at home helping my mother. I'm bored. While the militants were here ... we were forbidden from going to school. I sat at home and missed my classroom and all my school friends. I spent most of the time thinking about the last days we were all at school together."
There are fears that women's literacy rates, already dismal, will suffer further. The literacy rate for men in Swat is 42 per cent. Among women it is less than 13 per cent, according to the last government census in 1998.
Across Pakistan at least 7,820 schools have been destroyed, forcing more than 1.6million children out of their classrooms, analysts believe. Pakistani security officials admit that the troops holding the Swat Valley are severely stretched as they deliver aid to victims of the floods, which submerged an area the size of England.
The Times
Or how to make a creative resume that lands you a job
We all have been there- stuck in the wrong job, looking for a way out. K Jagannadhan (Kanimangalam Jagannadhan also known as Jagan, Jaggu, Jughead) was also at the wrong place, hating their job under a demanding bourgeoise bossman, Nandakumar.
Like in any corporate setup, Jaggu was tormented by their bossman, not giving them any break time, calling them up even on Friday nights, always pulling off the much pretentious and very overrated “we are friends” face.
Jaggu, a JNU graduate, has been curating some pretentious art gallery in Delhi before they signed up with their present boss. Seems like the dude was in dire need of money, quite understandable given the job market for liberal arts graduates. Sigh!
The job wasn't that fulfilling either- how much satisfaction can one get in evacuating slums in Dharavi?
After an exasperating job of striking a deal with a client, Jaggu decides to take a break. As a token of appreciation of their relentless work until then, bossman lets Jaggu take a break in their newly bought manor, Kanimangalam, in Kerala.
Jaggu lands in Kerala after buying a range of Kurtas from FabIndia, because intellectual.
The moment they are on malluland, they reclaim their upper-caste identity and soon joins a bunch of jobless oldies at the local NSS (Nair Service Society). Seriously, it's like they have a caste filter to select their friends- Nambeesan, Pisharody, Mangalam, Ezhuthachan, and Pilla.
Maybe at this point, the writer Ranjith Nair felt a little secularist, so they added a muslim friend Bappu- the “good muslim” ready to do anything for Juggu
Interestingly, “caste” has more screen presence in this movie than the proclaimed hero, a character solely for showing Juggu's charity, Unnimaya.
Them father Datthan was a womaniser who had Unnimaya with some woman whose caste is unknown. But the oldies of NSS certify that they have all qualities of an upper caste woman, thanks to the fostering by a Varma.
Kanimangalam, FYI, is a village from the dark ages where feudalism and casteism are married and patriarchy is their child. After Jaggu moves into the palace, people start calling them as thampuran (lord) and the narcissist in Jaggu is satisfied to the core.
In a nutshell, the time spent at mallu land is a reskilling-rebranding-career relaunching opportunity for Jaggu. They brag and bluffs about anything and everything the moment they get a chance.
When they aren't bragging, any one of their loser friends would brag for him. The writer even brings a bourgeoisie cringeworthy cameo to say how much Jaggu loves Paris and that they are a chick magnet.
Hearing all these, Unnimaya starts developing hots for Jaggu. Jaggu reciprocates too. Right after Jaggu admits their feelings, Unnimaya's role in the movie reduces to a background prop, hell, they don't have any more dialogues in the movie except to look at Jaggu with admiration.
Anyhow, staying at the manor, hanging out with NSS oldies, Jaggu gets really bored. I mean, how much can one talk about himself? Their lack of a goal in life is taken advantage of by the NSS oldies; they tell them about saving the land and its people from a certain Kolapulli Appan Thampuran with a Jana Raksha Yatra to the nearby temple.
But, they are met with a crisis. They need a brahmin to lead the yatra (quite sure the writer swears on Manusmriti).
Immediately they reach out to Suresh Gopi, but they said they can come as a brahmin only in the next birth; a portion that didn't make it to the final cut.
Amidst the crisis, the oldies brood on old memories and recollect a Brahma Datthan nampoothiri, the head priest of said temple who committed suicide after they were accused of theft, had a son.
And voila! we are told Jaggu is the son, the estranged namboothiri Unni. Now all problems are solved and everyone gets ready for the yatra.
But, all of a sudden, bossman and corporate friends land in the village for some merriment. Perhaps they have lived in the corporate world so much so that they think sexual harassment is really casual and end up harassing Unnimaya. Of course, bossman doesn't see any harm in “casual” harassment for “fun”. Juggu gets enraged and packs off the friends and locks up bossman in a room- seemed like something they had been dying to do for a while.
For all the hype that was given until then, the yatra is basically a sword carrying Jaggu and their NSS oldies walking on the banks of a dying river; not even Unnimaya is present.
Although Kolapulli Appan tries to kummanadify the yatra, Jaggu manages to stop that with their Dharavi experience and Appan finally had to ammittadify. Yatra ends without much casualty.
Back at the palace, bossman is angry and fires Juggu from their job. A happy Jaggu decides to leave the village with Unnimaya and the foster father. At least now they have an effective resume at hand to get a job that they want!
Here's Juggu's resume, in case you wonder.
You can find the malayalam version here 🙂
Says Loretta Lynch was part of "a stunning collection of calls to violence and murder from the intolerant, unhinged leftists in the Democrat party."
The shootings of congressional Republican baseball players by a drifter fan of Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., triggered outrage among conservative media. Infowars, the conspiracy website of Alex Jones, accused top Democrats of instigating this sort of violence.
The June 14 headline basically said it all: "FLASHBACK: Tim Kaine, Loretta Lynch Called For Blood and Death In Streets."
The article said Kaine, the 2016 Democratic vice presidential candidate, and Lynch, Barack Obama's former attorney general, were part of "a stunning collection of calls to violence and murder from the intolerant, unhinged leftists in the Democrat party, mainstream media, Hollywood, and the spider web of interwoven organizations and cabals like Antifa and Black Lives Matter who have effectively transformed into domestic terrorists in Trump's America."
Regarding Lynch, Infowars said they used "incendiary language in a bizarre one-minute video in which they seemed to call upon fellow ‘progressives' to march, bleed, and die in the streets ... in resistance to the Trump agenda."
This fact-checks focuses on the Lynch allegations and whether the video shows what Infowars said it does.
The video
On Feb. 28, 2017, the Senate Democrats posted a video on its Facebook page with the introduction, "If you need to hear some words of inspiration tonight, take a moment for our friend, former Attorney General, Loretta E. Lynch." It's not clear when or where Lynch was speaking, but they seem to speaking in the context of President Donald Trump's recent inauguration. While they never mentioned Trump, the video went up a few hours before Trump would address a joint session of Congress.
About a week before the video, the Homeland Security Department implemented tough new policies on deportations. The Trump administration undid civil rights protections for transgender students. Both ran counter to Obama era policies.
Here's the full text from Lynch:
"I know that this is a time of great fear and uncertainty for so many people. I know it's a time of concern for people who see our rights being assailed, being trampled on, and even being rolled back. I know that this is difficult, but I remind you that this has never been easy. We have always had to work to move this country forward to achieve the great ideals of our founding fathers. And it has been people, individuals who have banded together, ordinary people who simply saw what needed to be done and came together and supported those ideals, who have made the difference. They've marched, they've bled — yes, some of them have died. This is hard. Every good thing is. We have done this before; we can do this again."
On the face of it, Lynch didn't say what Infowars asserted. They didn't call for anyone to commit violence. The violence they described was inflicted on those who marched to defend the rights of individuals. They said they bled and they died. They didn't say they caused others to bleed or others to die.
The Infowars web post recycled virtually identical claims that ran in early March from many conservative corners, including Fox News, Bill O'Reilly (then a Fox News host), and WND.
A fact-check from the conservative Daily Caller website also declared the Infowars article false.
Our ruling
Infowars said Lynch advocated "violence and murder." They did not. They said that people who have marched for political change have bled and been killed. That would be the opposite of what Infowars said.
We rate this claim Pants on Fire.
You will select members from the top four teams that are competing: Team EnVyUs, Optic Gaming, Team Liquid, and Str8 Rippin
players from each team (note: this is different from the regular season, when you were only allowed to pick
Rosters will lock Sunday morning before the first matches begin, and they will remain locked throughout the rest of the tournament. This means you will keep the same roster throughout the tourney.
Only KDA (Kill/Death/Assist) stats will be computed for scoring. Objective stats will not be used. This is due to fewer stats being made available at LAN competitions.
Only KDA (Kill/Death/Assist) stats will be computed for scoring. Objective stats will not be used. This is due to fewer stats being made available at LAN competitions.
. Their scores will be calculated using the same system from the regular season for each series, and each series overall score will be added. This means that teams who advance farther will play more series, and their players will likely earn more points.
As a result of the double-elimination bracket, the team that will actually play the most series is the team that qualifies for the Grand Finals through the Losers' Bracket. To reward the team and players who qualify through the Winner's Bracket, bonus points (via a 1.25x multiplier) will be applied for those players during the Grand Finals (including a bracket reset if it occurs).
Example: Optic Gaming makes it to the Grand Finals by winning through the “Winner's Bracket.” They face Team EnVyUs, who qualified through the Loser's Bracket, in the Grand Finals. For the Grand Finals series, all Optic players will earn 1.25x the normal amount of fantasy points.
948 SHARES Facebook Twitter Linkedin Reddit
Facebook, parent company of Oculus, is beginning to flex its virtual reality arm. The company wants to use the technology revolutionize how social interactions happen across the web, and we may see the first stages of that plan earlier than expected.
Back when Facebook bought Oculus in 2014 for $2 billion, people were… confused. What's a social media company doing buying a company that makes VR headsets? For Facebook, it was (and still is) a long-term bet; the vision is to keep the company on the leading edge of online social communication when ‘Facebook.com' and the websites of today become less relevant in the face of increasingly natural human-computer interaction.
What do online social networks look like in 10 to 20 years when people rarely interact with computers using a keyboard, mouse, and monitor? That's the answer Facebook wants to find out before its competitors, and the reason they dropped $2 billion on Oculus. Mainstream social VR at the scale of Facebook.com is far off, but we may have our hands on the company's first social VR offering earlier than expected.
The company has been prototyping internally to find out how to create a compelling social virtual reality experience. We saw the first evidence of that experimentation back in April during Facebook's F8 conference when they revealed their first social VR experience that allowed users to visit photospheres together, take virtual selfies, and draw interactive accessories to customize their avatars.
Earlier this month at the Oculus Connect developer conference, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg showed the latest iteration of the company's social VR prototype which featured new avatars, videospheres, and even the ability to make video calls from the real world into the virtual world via Facebook Messenger.
Speaking about that new demonstration in a session at the Connect conference, Facebook Social VR Product Manager Mike Booth explored the experiments that led to the impressive experience showed on stage.
At the end of the session I asked Booth whether Facebook planned to wait and put out their social VR offering as a big company-wide launch, or if the public would get their hands on it sooner.
“As soon as possible,” Booth said, further explaining that Facebook wants to get their first social VR experience out the door quickly and iterate with feedback from early users. When asked if we were likely to see that before the end of 2016, they were tight lipped. “When it's done.”
In the session, Booth said that Facebook's social VR team had experimented with a number of activities and spaces for friends to congregate in virtual reality, ranging from tabletop games to apartments that users could decorate to their taste. In the end, they scraped most of those activities to keep the core of the Facebook social VR experience focused on social interaction and sharing, rather than gaming.
It's taken time for Oculus to become fully absorbed into its parent organization, but the Facebook brand is becoming increasingly engaged with its virtual reality division. We saw that in full force at Oculus Connect with Zuckerberg taking to the stage to lead a major portion of the opening keynote (where they showed the new Facebook social VR experience), leaving Oculus CEO Brendan Iribe to bring up the tail end of that portion of the presentation. Further, Connect saw a new approach to branding by Oculus which is now prominently underlined with a ‘From Facebook' slogan.
Oculus' early social VR efforts on their mobile Gear VR platform seem to have largely been forgotten in the transition. What we've seen from Facebook and Oculus this month suggests a new, more extensive social VR initiative has spun up internally and taken the place of prior efforts.
The price of both US crude and Brent oil leaped dramatically during this week's trading. Brent crude gained over 15 percent while US West Texas Intermediate (WTI) soared 17 percent. The sharp rise is attributed to positive dynamics in the world's stock markets and news of shrinking crude supplies.
WTI rose over 4.5 percent to $44.50 per barrel, while Brent crude gained 3.8 percent at $49.36 per barrel, as of 15:50 GMT on Friday.
"A short covering rally, led by crude oil pushed commodities higher across the board. Better than expected U.S. GDP numbers was the main spark, although the force majeure on BP's exports from Nigeria extended the gains," Reuters quotes Australia & New Zealand Banking Group Ltd.
Thursday was the biggest one-day rally for WTI since March 2009. The US crude benchmark gained 10.3 percent.
Brent crude has the best day since 2008 http://t.co/ux6GmEZc4B — fastFT (@fastFT) August 27, 2015
Analysts are cautious, however, warning that the jump in prices could be a short-lived and the longer-term decline in oil prices could continue.
“We would not underestimate the current bearish momentum and still believe that it is possible to see prices break supports of $38 and $45 for WTI and Brent,” Phillip Futures oil analyst Daniel Ang told Business Standard.
#Russia Ruble strongly bounces back today as Brent crude #oil jumps by >10%. pic.twitter.com/wyhSUp4v3x — Holger Zschaepitz (@Schuldensuehner) August 27, 2015
“The trend is strong and down. However, do not be wrong-footed by a correction higher,” PVM Oil Associates' technical analyst, Robin Bieber, told Reuters.
READ MORE: WTI crude drops below $40 first time since 2009
Oil prices have seen a steep decline of more than 30 percent since July. However, they have shown some signs of recovery since Tuesday, when The People's Bank of China lowered its interest rate, boosting European and US stocks.
READ MORE: Global stocks surge as China cuts interest rates
Thursday's sharp rise was also helped by news that Shell's Nigerian unit had declared a force majeure on crude oil exports, Reuters reports. Two key pipelines in the country were closed due to a leak and theft.
Reporter: Some Journalists ‘Wake Every Morning Looking for Silver Bullet to Kill Trump Monster'
David Martosko, U.S. Political Editor for the U.K. Daily Mail, was brutally honest in their assessment of fellow reporters covering President Donald Trump, saying in their appearance on the Fox News Channel program Hannity on Friday night that some journalists “are waking up every morning looking for the silver bullet that's going to kill the Trump monster, there are journalists like that”
Martosko confirmed suspicions of a liberal media bias, saying, “If you think there is a liberal bias in political media, you really have no idea how right you are.”
Martosko, who covered the Trump and Clinton presidential campaigns, also said from their observations on the trail that nine out of ten reporters covering Trump couldn't imagine themselves voting for Trump.
On Election Night when Trump won the presidency, Martosko said they witnessed several reporters in tears at the Trump victory headquarters.
Video clips via Fox News/Twitter and TV News Archive.
.@dmartosko: “If you think there is a liberal bias in political media, you really have no idea how right you are.” #Hannity pic.twitter.com/LAWLSvD6tZ — Fox News (@FoxNews) March 11, 2017
And:
Martosko also had praise for some of their colleagues, saying, “There are some very skilled, smart and honest reporters covering the White House right now.”
4 Freedom
2016-05-27 02:26:11 -0400
It is doubtful that we'll hear from the Pope on this atrocity. I suspect that if we did, the Pope's advice would be analogous to going forth with open compassionate arms and hug a giant wood chipper operating at full speed. (Might have better luck with the wood chipper.)
Islam, Muslim, lawless, barbaric, satanic cult, terrorist, jihad, caliphate, triumphalism, Wolf in Sheep's Clothes, heartless, ruthless, psychotic, rude, disrespectful, ignorant, usurper, etc., etc., – all one in the same. This severely impaired death cult has not earned respect, nor, deserve it, and they should not be pandered to and showered with guilted charity, since history has emphatically proven repeatedly that they will always go beyond the biting of the hand that feeds them and go for the jugular. Their contribution to humanity over the centuries has been nothing but colossal death, destruction, and much suffering, so why does anyone think they can change that? (hint – narcissist)
Imam's preach “go pillage, rape and breed their women and cut off their heads” while the nefarious politicians and apologists fling open the gates to our country and send them into our homes, pat them on the back and say “thank you….and be sure to send all of your comrades and families, as well…..oh, and here's your welfare, accommodations, education, health care, transportation, benefits, training, legal system pass card, counselor, lawyer, and contact person for if there is anything else you want – and, no worries, ok, its all on the house, we insist!. Aren't we wonderful?!”.
Nefarious and appeasement political agendas, as well as, foolish apologistic naivety, coupled with undiscerning charity, appeasement and utopian ideology looking to ‘save the world' is nothing more than an easy opportunist mark to a cunning lone wolf hunter, or, similarly, to a pack of rabid wild dogs.
commented
For the first time in many years, there is no Philipp Lahm, Lukas Podolski or Bastian Schweinsteiger in the Germany squad that Joachim Löw is taking to a major tournament as the world champions look to defend their title at the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia.
With Löw having named their provisional 27-man squad for this summer's tournament, bundesliga.com looks at some of the up-and-coming stars who could make you forget about the famous faces from the 2014 squad who are no longer involved.
Watch: Germany's next golden generation in action
Leon Goretzka(Schalke/Bayern Munich, born: 6 February, 1995)
Then: The 2013/14 season heralded Goretzka's arrival on the biggest domestic stage, The long-legged midfielder — fashioned at hometown club Bochum — replaced Julian Draxler to make their debut in a Royal Blue shirt.
Not quite as precocious as Schalke's then-terrace darling, Goretzka still made a significant impact, scoring four goals in 25 league games to help the team clinch UEFA Champions League football with a third-placed finish while they had already caught Löw's eye.
Named in the provisional World Cup squad, they made their senior international debut against Poland in Hamburg only to suffer an injury that reduced their already slim chances of going to Brazil to nothing.
Timo Werner(RB Leipzig, born: 6 March, 1996)
Then: The 2013/14 season did not see Werner so much break through as smash their way onto the Bundesliga scene with hometown club Stuttgart, churning out record after record faster than a success-hungry X-Factor winner: youngest VfB first-team debutant in any competition at 17 years and four months, the youngest Bundesliga debutant soon after and — within four top-flight appearances — VfB's most baby-faced top-flight goalscorer.
Later in the campaign, they scored twice in a 3-1 win to become… you get the picture. It'll be no surprise to learn Stuttgart signed them to a four-year deal as soon as they turned 18.
Joshua Kimmich(Bavaria, born: 8 February 1995)
Then: The first season after their move from Stuttgart to Leipzig could not have gone better. A first professional goal gave their 26 third-tier appearances added shine as Kimmich, then 18, played their part in their club's promotion to Bundesliga 2 as a midfielder. In a first step towards emulating their idols Toni Kroos and Ilkay Gündogan, they were central to a Germany squad also featuring Niklas Stark, Julian Brandt and Davie Selke that lifted the U19 EURO title.
Watch: Kimmich and Lahm at 100
- © imago
Julian Brandt(Bayer Leverkusen, born: 2 May, 1996)
Then: After joining Wolfsburg in 2011, the baby-faced blonde must have thought the Volkswagen Arena would provide the stage for their professional debut. Midway through the 2013/14 season, the Wolves let one of their pack slip away, however, and Brandt moved to Leverkusen where sporting director Rudi Völler hailed the arrival of "one of the most talented young players in German football".
Within a month, they had made their Bundesliga debut, and three days later got their first moreish taste of the UEFA Champions League against a Paris Saint-Germain side boasting Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Thiago Silva and Marco Verratti — a heady rise for a 17-year-old who had been playing junior football earlier in the campaign.
After initially using them as a substitute, boss Sami Hyypia gave Brandt their first start on Matchday 29 and kept them in the starting line-up, eventually being rewarded with two goals and three assists in a dozen league appearances before Brandt joined forces with Kimmich & Co. to win U19 UEFA EURO 2014.
Now: Brandt now has a century of Bundesliga games under their belt and 14 senior caps for their country, just under half those collected by their idol, Borussia Dortmund's Marco Reus. And he's only just turned 22.
Their last three seasons as a bona fide first-teamer have seen them involved in at least 12 goals in each, and their 11 assists in 2016/17 were bettered by just five Bundesliga players, including Bayern's Thomas Müller and Arjen Robben. Their nine goals and three assists this season suggest that the FIFA Confederations Cup winner will be more than handy to have at the World Cup.
2018 replacement for: Lukas Podolski
Niklas Süle(Bavaria, born: 3 September, 1995)
Then: An unfamiliar name that had journalists scrambling when they were named in the Hoffenheim line-up in the dwindling light of the 2012/13 season, Süle was a much more significant fixture in the team in World Cup year as Markus Gisdol saw the potential in their powerful 6'5" physique, handing them 25 Bundesliga appearances.
An U19 international at the time, Süle had received a call from the Turkish FA wondering if they would consider playing for them, because — as the Frankfurt-born centre-back, whose grandfather was Hungarian, themselves explained — "they thought my name sounded Turkish."
Now: Eintracht Frankfurt and Darmstadt will be kicking themselves. Süle was on their books as a youngster, but then joined Hoffenheim in 2010. Since last summer and having been the immovable rock on which Hoffenheim's third-placed finish was built, they are now a Bayern Munich player.
"There's nothing better for a young player like me than to learn from the best in the world," they said, referring to club teammates Mats Hummels and Jerome Boateng, whom they joined at international level shortly after UEFA EURO 2016.
Süle, another to have added Confederations Cup victory to Olympic silver, is already developing into an imposing mixture of both: clean, firm and accurate in both the tackle and the pass. Draw the ideal modern-day centre-back, and you draw Niklas Süle.
2018 replacement for: Per Mertesacker
Nils Petersen(Freiburg, born: 6 December, 1988)
Then: Something of a late bloomer, Petersen had scored 18 goals in two seasons for Werder Bremen by the time the 2014 World Cup rolled around. The former Bayern Munich striker fell down the pecking order at Bremen after the arrival of a new coach for the following campaign, however, and they moved on to Freiburg - initially on loan – in January 2015.
The ex-Germany U21 international's nine goals in 12 matches could not prevent Christian Streich's team from being relegated, but they found the net 21 times in Bundesliga 2 in 2015/16 to ensure an immediate return to the top flight.
Watch: Petersen nets a hat-trick in the snow at Cologne
Now: Petersen enhanced their reputation as a supersub in 2016/17, scoring 10 league goals despite only starting seven games during Freiburg's first season back in the Bundesliga. With 15 goals in 32 matches this term, however, they were the highest-scoring German in the division.
Having saved their club from relegation in the process, Petersen has forced themselves into the World Cup reckoning. The 29-year-old's form in a struggling team was impossible to ignore, and they were chosen ahead of Sandro Wagner for the provisional World Cup squad.
“Nils has scored 15 Bundesliga goals for a team which hasn't created that many chances,” Löw said. “He's made a really, really good impression on me and he's fit to play. He's proven that he's an excellent super sub. I think that they can grow from this challenge. I'm expecting great things from him.”
2018 replacement for: Andre Schürrle
Jonathan Tah(Bayer Leverkusen, born: 11 February, 1996)
Then: A fresh-faced 18-year-old, Tah will have learned a lot by making 16 appearances in the 2013/14 season for a HSV side that escaped relegation by the skin of their teeth.
The Hamburg native was sent out to gain further experience with second-tier Fortuna Düsseldorf the following campaign, and – though their home town club wanted to keep them – the Germany U19 captain opted to join Leverkusen in the summer of 2015.
Click here for all you need to know about Germany's World Cup campaign!
John Mulaney is going from the headliner to an opening act on Fox's Sunday nights.
The comic's first-year student sitcom Mulaney is moving from 9:30 p.m. — where it enjoyed a lead-in from the top-rated animated series Family Guy — to 7:30 p.m. The show will be replaced by new episodes of animated comedy Bob's Burgers.
This Sunday, Mulaney won't be on at all since Fox has football coverage in the 7:30 p.m. slot. The next time Mulaney will be back on is Nov. 23.
Mulaney has been on a spiral since it premiered in early October. The comedy debuted to low ratings, that then got lower. Fox trimmed its episode order from 16 to 13. The most recent episode had only 2 million viewers and a 0.9 rating among adults 18-49. Now it's losing its strong lead-in and being shuffled into Sunday's unique ultra-early primetime hour. Still, however, not officially axed.
A protein with a receptor structure but with unidentified ligand
In biochemistry, an orphan receptor is a protein that has a similar structure to other identified receptors but whose endogenous ligand has not yet been identified. If a ligand for an orphan receptor is later discovered, the receptor is referred to as an "adopted orphan".[1] Conversely, the term orphan ligand refers to a biological ligand whose cognate receptor has not yet been identified.
Examples [ edit ]
Examples of orphan receptors are found in the G protein-coupled receptor (GPCR)[2][3][4] and nuclear receptor[5][6][7] families. GPCR orphan receptors are usually given the name "GPR" followed by a number, for example GPR1.
If an endogenous ligand is found, the orphan receptor is "adopted"[8]. An example is the receptor FXR, which is activated by bile acids.[9] Adopted orphan receptors in the nuclear receptor group include the farnesoid X receptor (FXR), liver X receptor (LXR), and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR). Another example of an orphan receptor site is the PCP binding site in the NMDA receptor,[10] a type of ligand-gated ion channel. This is where the recreational drug PCP works, but no endogenous ligand is known for this site.
Discovery [ edit ]
Historically, receptors were discovered by using ligands to "fish" for their receptors. Hence by definition, these receptors were not orphans. However, with modern molecular biology techniques such as screening of cDNA libraries, it becomes possible to identify related receptors based on sequence similarity to known receptors without knowing what their ligands are.
References [ edit ]
The Abyss League has been live for one week and we're extremely happy with the positive reception it has had within the community. To celebrate this, we've just released the exclusive Abyss Supporter Packs that each contain an Armour Set, Weapon Effect, microtransaction points and more! This time around, we've done something slightly different with our league supporter packs. Traditionally, we have one small pack and one larger pack. The Abyss Supporter Pack series includes two separate supporter packs of equal value, each with different but comparable content. Buy whichever you prefer, or both!
The Abyssal Imp Supporter Pack contains the Abyssal Imp Armour Set, Portal Effect, Weapon Effect, Forum Title, Social Frame and 550 points. Check out the preview video below!
The Abyssal Lich Supporter Pack contains the Abyssal Lich Armour Set, Cloak, Weapon Effect, Forum Title, Social Frame and 550 points. Check out the preview video below!
Because these supporter packs are of equal value, it's not possible to upgrade between them. You can however still upgrade from pure points purchases to either of the Abyss Supporter Packs. When you upgrade from points packs you'll receive the full contents of the supporter packs minus the points you used to upgrade. Please note that you'll be able to showcase only one of the Abyss Forum Titles at a time.
It's only possible to credit up to 80% of the value of the desired supporter pack towards the upgrade which means there is a minimum 20% cost of the supporter pack when fulfilling the maximum upgrade amount. Any plain points pack you purchased since 9am November 17 (NZT) can be used in an upgrade towards either of the Abyss Supporter Packs.
Upgrades can be done automatically via the
Thank you so much for your generous support! The Abyssal Imp Supporter Pack contains the Abyssal Imp Armour Set, Portal Effect, Weapon Effect, Forum Title, Social Frame and 550 points. Check out the preview video below!The Abyssal Lich Supporter Pack contains the Abyssal Lich Armour Set, Cloak, Weapon Effect, Forum Title, Social Frame and 550 points. Check out the preview video below!Because these supporter packs are of equal value, it's not possible to upgrade between them. You can however still upgrade from pure points purchases to either of the Abyss Supporter Packs. When you upgrade from points packs you'll receive the full contents of the supporter packs minus the points you used to upgrade. Please note that you'll be able to showcase only one of the Abyss Forum Titles at a time.It's only possible to credit up to 80% of the value of the desired supporter pack towards the upgrade which means there is a minimum 20% cost of the supporter pack when fulfilling the maximum upgrade amount. Any plain points pack you purchased since 9am November 17 (NZT) can be used in an upgrade towards either of the Abyss Supporter Packs.Upgrades can be done automatically via the purchase page on the website. If you run into any issues, please don't hesitate to contact us at support@grindinggear.com and we'll be happy to help.Thank you so much for your generous support!
We've just received a tip from a pretty reliable source that detailed for us some of iTunes 9's upcoming features and they're pretty exciting.
One of the new additions to iTunes is said to include Blu-ray support which lines up nicely with a recent Apple Insider report about Apple integrating Blu-ray into their new iMac line-up. Something else that will most likely make a bunch of people happy is that we've been told iTunes 9 will finally include the ability to visually organize and arrange your iPhone and iPod touch applications. Something that wasn't so clearly described was some kind of Twitter/Facebook/Last.fm integration. Maybe broadcasting what song you're playing to your friends?
Let's see how this pans out. Even though we weren't given a timeframe on a possible release, that yearly Apple iPod event around the September timeframe would most likely be a reasonable place to expect this sort of announcement we believe.
Thanks, Lindsey!
Pann : Do you know Millenium Boy?
With the increase in K-pop popularity, a lot of people do covers of K-pop.
Millenium Boy was one of the groups.
But they're starting to cross the line. Not only that they do covers, but they "fake" EXO.
With EXO's songs, choreography, and outfits, they perform and earn money. They have fansigns and some Thai people even mistake Millenium Boy as the real EXO.
The member who is in charge of Kai posted this
=====
1. [+39, -0] There are a lot of people who don't understand this post ㅋㅋㅋ We're not talking about their lip sync, talents, or looks. We're talking about how they're making a business out of EXO's songs and names.
2. [+39, -1] I wouldn't mind it if they're just a cover team but performing with EXO's songs, fansigns, going on TV, putting down EXO members and pretending to be EXO - this is just faking.
3. [+38, -3] The kid who insulted Jongin ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ
4. [+20, -2] I'm just trying to think like "this is happening because EXO is too popular" ㅋㅋ I can understand doing covers but doing a business out of it is pissing me off as a fan... They get presents and open fansigns... I heard that they even promote with the same names.
5. [+13, -0] It shows the level of the country. Why are they so confident when they're nothing but fake? I heard that Chinese unnies will bury them, let's just trust the unnies ㅋㅋ And what is SM doing.
6. [+13, -1] I don't think SM will allow if other people are making money out of their own group.
7. [+12, -0] Even though they try hard, the quality is already different ㅋㅋㅋ It can't be the same when one is done by artists' hard-work and one is done by themselves ㅋㅋ
8. [+10, -0] SM, let's promote in Thailand for a week. Let's show the difference in levels between EXO and the fake ones. The jerk who copies Kai is the height of Kai's legs. The kid who copies Kyungsoo has eyes as small as Kyungsoo's double eyelids.
9. [+9, -0] It's not like SM is not taking an action. SM is legally not allowed.
"Unless they violate copyrights like music videos or releasing songs, SM can't sue them"
10. [+7, -0] I heard that they put down the members and stepped on the members' pictures. It must be so hard to fake EXO with faces like that.
President Donald Trump speaks Thursday at their first solo news conference as president. Mark Wilson/Getty Images
On Thursday, Donald Trump held their first solo press conference as president of the United States, in what was ostensibly an announcement of their replacement nominee for secretary of labor, Alexander Acosta. It turned out to be about so much more. Below is a selection of their verbatim responses to questions.
On National Security Adviser Michael Flynn's resignation: “[W]hen I looked at the information I said I don't think they did anything wrong. If anything, they did something right. I was coming into office. They ‘looked at the information. ‘He said, huh, that's fine. That's what they are supposed to do. They are supposed to—he didn't just call Russia, they called and spoke to both ways—I think there were 30-some-odd countries. Doing the job. You know, they were just doing their job. The thing is, they didn't tell our vice president properly, and then they said they didn't remember. So either way, it wasn't very satisfactory to me.”
On bad press: “I will be honest. I sort of enjoy this back and forth, and I have all my life, but I have never seen more dishonest people than frankly the political media. I thought the business media were much more honest. I never get phone calls from the media. How do they write a story without asking me or how do they write a story in the New York Times, put it on the front page? That was like the story they wrote on the women and me, front page, massive story. And it was nasty. And then they called, they said, ‘I never said that. We like Mr. Trump.' They called my office. ‘We like Mr. Trump. We never said that.' It was totally—they totally misrepresented those very wonderful women.”
On their Electoral College margin of victory:
NBC's Peter Alexander: Mr. President, very simply you said today that you had the biggest electoral margin since Ron Reagan. In fact, president Obama had 365,
President Trump: I was talking about Republicans—
Alexander: George Bush, 426 when they won. So why should Americans trust—
President Trump: I was given that information. I was just given it. We had a very, very big margin.
Alexander: I guess my question is why should the American people trust you when you accuse the information they receive as being fake when you're providing information that's not accurate?
President Trump: I was given that information. Actually, I've seen that information around. But it was a very substantial victory. Do you agree with that?
Alexander: You're the president.
President Trump: Yes.
On bad press again: “I don't mind bad stories. I can handle a bad story better than anybody. As long as it's true.”
On leaks: “When WikiLeaks, which I have nothing to do with, comes out and happens to give, they are not giving classified information. They are giving stuff, what was said in an office about Hillary cheating on the debates, which by the way, nobody mentions. Nobody mentions that Hillary received the questions to the debates. Can you imagine, seriously, can you imagine if I received the questions? It would be the electric chair. OK? They should be put in the electric—you would even call for the institution of the death penalty. Maybe not you, John.”
On bad press again: “And I'll tell you what else I see. I see tone. You know the word tone. The tone is such hatred. I'm really not a bad person, by the way. No, but the tone is—I do get good ratings, you have to admit that—the tone is such hatred. I watched this morning a couple of the networks—I have to say, Fox and Friends in the morning, they're very honorable people.”
On a response to recent Russian actions, including their buzzing of an American destroyer and movement of a spy ship to the coast of Connecticut: “If I was just brutal on Russia right now, just brutal, people would say—you would say—‘Oh isn't that wonderful?' I know you well enough. Then you would say, ‘He was too tough. They shouldn't have done that.' ”
On relations with Russia in general: “I have been briefed. I and I can tell you, one thing about a briefing that we're allowed to say, because anybody that ever read the most basic book can say it, nuclear holocaust would be like no other.”
Again on a response to Russian actions: “I'm not going to tell you anything about what response I do. … Because I don't talk about military and I don't talk about certain other things. … So I don't have to tell you. I don't want to be one of these guys that say [imitative voice] ‘Yes, here's what we're going to do.' I don't have to do that. I don't have to tell you what I'm going to do in North Korea. I don't have to tell you what I'm going to do in North Korea. And I don't have to tell you what I'm going to do with Iran. You know why? Because they shouldn't know. And eventually you guys are going to get tired of asking that question. So, when you ask me, what am I going to do with the ship, the Russian ship, as an example? I'm not going to tell you. But hopefully I won't have to do anything. But I'm not going to tell you.”
On how the government will respond to a surge in anti-Semitic hate incidents post-election: “Folks, number one, I am the least anti-semitic person that you have ever seen in your entire life. Number two, racism. The least racist person. We did relatively well in fact, relative to other people running as a Republican—quiet, quiet, quiet—see they lied about they were going to get up and ask a very straight simple question. So, you know. Welcome to the world of the media. But let me just tell you something. I hate the charge. I find it repulsive, I hate even the question because people that know me and you heard the prime minister, you heard Netanyahu yesterday, did you hear them Bibi, they said I've known Donald Trump for a long time, and then they said forget it, so you should take that instead of having to get up and asking a very insulting question like that.”
In response to a question from American Urban Radio Networks' April Ryan, who is black, on potentially meeting with the Congressional Black Caucus: “Do you want to set up the meeting? Do you want to set up the meeting? Are they friends of yours? No, set up the—let's go. Set up a meeting. I would love to meet with the black caucus, I think it's great—the Congressional Black Caucus.”
After months of being sort-of-open, the 49th State Brewing Co. in downtown Anchorage is finally serving full-time.
The brewing company and restaurant had its soft opening Monday, serving up a number of beers from the Healy-based brewery and a full menu of salads, sandwiches, barbecue and wood-fired pizzas. Until Monday, the venue had been sporadically open during the winter and spring for special events.
The brewery takes over the space formerly occupied by the Snow Goose Restaurant and Sleeping Lady Brewery. Owners of 49th State, David McCarthy and Jason Motyka, said in December they planned to do extensive renovations on the space over a three-year period.
Since the December purchase the space has transformed. Moose and caribou shedded antlers decorate wine barrel-covered walls next to new long, wooden tables and sleek leather booths. A new rail lines the edge of the popular rooftop deck — adding even more space for those looking to get a beer along with an impressive view of Knik Arm.
McCarthy said the menu — which includes everything from elk meatballs to halibut fish and chips — is mix of the owners' other restaurants: Prospectors Pizzeria and Alehouse and the original 49th State Brewing Co. in Healy.
There are also plenty of beers — 40 taps downstairs and an additional 20 upstairs — as well as a full bar. McCarthy said whiskey will be a focus too, with a planned list that includes 300 different varieties.
I've been rather quiet recently working on new features for Builder. But we managed to just release Builder 3.22.3 which is full of bug fixes and a really new important feature. You can now meaningfully target flatpak when building your application. Matthew Leeds has done this outstanding work and it is really going to simplify how you contribute to GNOME applications going forward.
I'm really happy with the quality of this feature because it has shown me where our LibIDE design has done well, and where it has not. Of course, we will address that for 3.24 to help make some of the UI less confusing.
Without further ado, how to clone, build, run, and hack on Polari without so much as a toolchain installed on your host system. The only prerequisite is to get GNOME Builder 3.22.3 from the GNOME flatpak repository (or your distribution if it is up to date).
Edit: Your system might require the installation of flatpak-builder if it is in a separate package (such as on Fedora 25).
I did Season Two of BEATDOWN for fun, out of my own pocket, because I love reading those who deserve it. For Season Three, I asked my fans to join in and delivered 26+ episodes, millions of views and laughs, and gave my backers a bunch of one-of-a-kind rewards along with early access to new Beatdowns.
Take a look at what we did with last year's support:
Now it's time to Mock America Greatly Again with SEASON 4 from my fancy new studio in Hollywood: at least 20 new videos with more special guests, walk-on stars from the Walk of Stars just outside my front door, new bits and segments and all the trash you loved from last year.
But I need your help again! Fresh, de-loused wigs free of skeet crust, longer and sluttier fake nails, and more effective, easier-to-crush-into-powder experimental foreign-sourced appetite suppressants cost money. Not to mention paying for the tireless audio/video editing work camp I maintain in Cuernavaca, Mexico.
Take a look below at the rich, creamy rewards you'll get when you become a backer, starting at only $1 and going all the way up to the limits of your American Express Black Card.
Below is an example of the Shroud of Willam makeup cloth reward. Get your own totally customizable framed Shroud of Willam, personalized however you want. Rewards for every level of support!
Let's get together and do some F# Koans (https://github.com/ChrisMarinos/FSharpKoans/tree/fsharp/FSharpKoans).
"Inspired by EdgeCase's fantastic Ruby koans (http://github.com/edgecase/ruby_koans), the goal of the F# koans is to teach you F# through testing.
When you first run the koans, you'll be presented with a runtime error and a stack trace indicating where the error occured. Your goal is to make the error go away. As you fix each error, you should learn something about the F# language and functional programming in general.
Your journey towards F# enlightenment starts in the AboutAsserts.fs file. These koans will be very simple, so don't overthink them! As you progress through more koans, more and more F# syntax will be introduced which will allow you to solve more complicated problems and use more advanced techniques."
This is definitely a beginner friendly exercise and everybody is welcome to come out!
"We have a very clear separation between church and state in this country and the fact that we say the Lord's Prayer in the Australian Parliament, it is an anachronism," they told reporters in Canberra. Greens Senator Richard di Natale has called for an end to the Lord's Prayer opening Parliament. Credit:James Boddington Senator di Natale said that "modern" Australia was made up of people who had different ideas about religion. "We are here to represent everybody. We're here to represent people of all faiths. People who don't have a strong religious faith," they said. Senator di Natale, who describes themselves lapsed Catholic, says they had had an issue with prayers in Parliament since their first day as a senator in 2011. "It was quite jarring," they said.
But they have been prompted to comment this week after government curriculum reviewer Kevin Donnelly argued that schools were too secular. "When you look at parliaments around Australia - they all begin with the Lord's Prayer. If you look at our constitution, the preamble is about God," Dr Donnelly said on Saturday. Senator di Natale has not yet talked to Labor and Liberal MPs about their proposition but said they were looking forward to discussing the issue with their colleagues. "[When the prayers are read] there are a lot of people who are silent or who are thinking of other things," they told Fairfax Media. Federal Parliament has been reciting prayers at the start of each sitting day since 1901. Today, this includes a preamble and then the Lord's Prayer. Since 2010, sittings have also begun with an acknowledgement of country.
This is not the first time the issue of parliamentary praying has been raised. In 1997 former Greens leader Bob Brown unsuccessfully tried to remove the preamble and Lord's Prayer. In 2008, former speaker Harry Jenkins led a similarly failed bid. The Greens' idea did not gain support from practising Christian MPs on Tuesday. Acting Prime Minister Warren Truss said the government had "no plans to change the standing orders". Government Senate leader Eric Abetz said they strongly supported keeping the Lord's Prayer, arguing it was "a very rich part of our cultural tradition [and] a humble acknowledgement by the Parliament collectively of its responsibilities".
"The latest Green attack is part of their ongoing attempt to rewrite our history and deny our heritage," they said. "Our nation's freedoms and wealth have been built on our religious underpinnings making us the envy of the world. The Greens' refusal to acknowledge their country's own heritage and rich traditions and beliefs is as sad as it is divisive." A spokesperson for Labor's Senate leader, Penny Wong, indicated their party did not appreciate the lack of consultation on the issue so far. "We don't intend to negotiate with other senators through the media," the spokesperson said. Labor frontbencher Mark Dreyfus, who is Jewish, pointed to the US model where the House and Senate's opening prayers can be lead by guest chaplains of many faiths.
"Many Australians have religious beliefs. Rather than abolishing the Lord's Prayer we should consider adopting the practice of the US Congress," they said. Follow us on Twitter
SINGAPORE: My First Skool has apologised after a Kindergarten 2 student with autism went missing from the pre-school they attend in Serangoon North on Tuesday (Oct 24), only to be found more than 12km away at Yishun MRT station.
The pre-school is located at Blk 140 Serangoon North Ave 2.
Advertisement
Ms Justina Ong, the mother of the seven-year-old boy, told Channel NewsAsia that they received a call from the pre-school at 10.48am, informing them that their son had gone missing after a gardening activity.
Ms Ong said the school informed them that a teacher had taken seven children outdoors at 10.15am. When they returned to class 15 minutes later, the teacher realised that Ms Ong's son was missing.
“When I received the call, I went crazy. I thought I would never get to see my son any more,” said Ms Ong.
But five minutes after the school called her, Ms Ong received another call - from an employee at Yishun MRT station, saying that their son was there.
Advertisement
Advertisement
“I rushed to Yishun and it was really my son,” Ms Ong said.
They said that, due to their son's autism, they were unable to explain in detail how they ended up at Yishun station. However, they did say that they took a bus from the pre-school to Ang Mo Kio station, where they proceeded to take the train to Yishun.
“His child bus card is with me. I also do not know how they managed to take the bus and MRT,” said Ms Ong.
“But according to the Yishun MRT staff, they were found by an auntie in the MRT. My son told them that they wanted to go to Yishun and the auntie helped them alight and brought them to the staff. The staff then got our phone number from my son,” said Ms Ong.
They added that Ang Mo Kio MRT station staff also confirmed that they boarded the train there.
“We apologise unreservedly for this incident which has caused great stress and worry to the family of a child under our care,” said Mrs Adeline Tan, general manager of My First Skool, on Wednesday.
“The boy has been with us since they were a toddler and our teachers have always conscientiously looked out for him.”
They added that the teachers at the centre “did their best to search for the child” in the vicinity of the school, before the teacher in charge of the gardening activity contacted Ms Ong.
“The teacher-in-charge is deeply apologetic and badly shaken by this incident.  They are being counselled and understands that appropriate disciplinary action will have to be taken. We are doing our utmost to engage with the parent on this incident,” Mrs Tan said.
Ms Ong has filed a complaint with the Early Childhood and Development Agency, and the case is under investigation.
Them son did not attend pre-school today, Ms Ong said, adding that they will be withdrawing them from My First Skool.
Faction Focus: Chaos Space Marines
Who is Frankie, and Why should I care?
Frankie is part of the team that runs some of the biggest independent Warhammer 40,000 events in the world, including the Las Vegas Open, the Bay Area Open and the recently announced Southern California Open. An avid player for years, with an impressive tournament record, he's also been part of the playtest team for the new edition of Warhammer 40,000, putting in hundreds of hours to make sure this new edition will be great for all you gamers out there (Thanks Frankie!).
So, basically, they know their stuff.
Today, we start a new article series where they (and a few others) will talk about how the new edition is going to affect specific factions, and what units they think we'll be seeing more of. We start off with Chaos Space Marines – take it away Frankie…
Hello Warhammer Community readers! Frankie here from the SoCal Open Gaming Convention to talk to you about the (alleged!) bad guys of the 41st Millennium and some of what to expect from them in the new Warhammer 40,000: Chaos Space Marines. Okay so maybe they're actually pretty bad, especially after Abaddon's success in destroying Cadia, but we all know the False Emperor is the real bad guy here….
I myself have always enjoyed playing Chaos; the models are incredible and their backstory is the best. The interactions between the Chaos Lords is amazing as well, as most of them don't respect (or even like) each other but will join up to win battles and earn glory for Chaos. My favorite thing about Chaos is the Daemon Engines that they have in their armies. Flying mechanical space dragons breathing warpfire that burns your soul? Sign me up!
Chaos armies usually lean towards close combat, which is not what you normally see from a lot of armies in Warhammer 40,000 currently. Chaos has a solid control of the psychic phase as well, with the nasty Sorcerer Cabal that has been rampaging across the tables around the world – very fitting for an army that largely calls the warp home.
The troops you usually see on the field are the bravest humans in the galaxy, the Chaos Cultists! The Cultist Champion will challenge any foe that is willing to accept no matter how powerful they are. They usually don't do anything that would impress the Chaos Gods, but at least they are willing to try!
Now for the moment everyone has been waiting for: how does Chaos play in the new edition? It has been a long time since we've seen Chaos armies with a lot of power armour on the tables, but no more! In the new edition, you will be seeing a great many Chaos armies, and a lot of them will have power armour in abundance! Yes, you read that right, you will want to have Chaos Space Marines in Chaos Space Marine armies!
Make sure to dust off your Havocs and gear them up for business as they are going to be helping the galaxy burn, baby! The changes to Heavy weapons have made these guys a great choice to help defeat the deluded lapdogs of the Emperor.
I cannot remember the last time I saw Havocs on the table, and it is a very welcome sight! Make sure to have a fully stocked arsenal as those lascannons, autocannon, missile launchers and even – you better believe it – heavy bolters, as they are going to be doing plenty of work in this new version of Warhammer 40,000!
They will provide excellent cover fire for your Chaos Terminators which will now strike fear into the hearts of your opponent as they bring devastation to the battlefield where they are least expected.
Abbadon has always been a bit of a disappointment to me. I have tried to play them in countless armies, but they often just ended up poking themselves in the eye with Drach'nyen and not accomplishing a whole lot. Well how about we change that around and allow Abbadon to kick some serious Imperial tail?
Your wish is Games Workshop's command, and now Abbadon has the rules to stomp face all along the Crimson Path (no surprise here, but he's claiming credit for the Great Rift). Cadia was just the first step!  They are a force to reckon with and inspires their Legion, allowing them to dominate the battlefield with an incredible ability which I will not spoil for you here.  They are also a monster in combat, as their back-story would suggest, tearing people apart with the Talon of Horus and Drach'nyen. Imperium, be prepared for the Black Legion to cast an ominous shadow across the galaxy once again.
As stated above, your Daemon Engines will be rightly feared as well. With the changes to rules we've seen in vehicles, these furious engines of destruction no longer need to worry about being destroyed by a single lascannon shot as they prowl the battlefields.
Lastly, I want to talk about some of the most savage close combat fighters in the galaxy: the Khorne Berzerkers.
These guys are supposed to be feared for their brutality and combat prowess. Well, guess what? They will be – start fearing them now. Khorne will be pleased with this newest iteration of Berzerkers… very pleased! One of the key things that makes these blood-hungry units so good is the change to charging, as now they all get to swing first in a turn in which they charged. No more getting wiped out before they have the chance to hit anything.
What about chainaxes, you ask? You will want to arm all of your “Blood for the Blood God” warriors with these bad boys. Wait…Blood for the Blood God…what does that do? I guess you will have to wait and find out when these warriors hit the tabletops, but trust me, blood and skulls will be reaped!
That is truly just the tip of the iceberg, too. So many units that have languished on the shelves are going to rise up from the ashes to wreak havoc on the tabletops and provide hours of fun.
Well, I hope all you Chaos players are as excited as I am about this new edition. Make sure to get all those unfinished Chaos models ready for battle so you can hit the tables and planets in style!
We'll be back in a few days to hear from Reece about the Astra Militarum.
Top CAIR Official Smears US Troops on Memorial Day: They “Killed Innocent People”
In 2014, Zahra Billoo, the radical executive-director of CAIR's San Francisco Bay Area chapter, tweeted that they “struggles with Memorial Day each year.”
"If one dies in an unjust war in which we illegally invaded and occupied a sovereign nation, should that person be honored?" – @DawudWalid — Zahra Billoo (@ZahraBilloo) May 23, 2014
Billoo also retweeted radical comments from CAIR official Dawud Walid from Michigan and radical Islamist poet Remi Kanazi.
This year she's back at it – attacking US soldiers and heroes on Memorial Day.
The Clarion Project reported:
A top Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) official took time out of their Memorial Day weekend to stand by their opposition to honoring fallen U.S. soldiers on the holiday and specifically took aim at Muslim-Americans who serve in the U.S. military. For the third year in a row, the executive director of CAIR's San Francisco Bay Area chapter, Zahra Billoo, bashed the U.S. military on the holiday in which we are supposed to thank them for their sacrifices.
Associated Press
War is costly to all sides in a conflict. If states knew the outcome of a war, they would prefer to agree to that outcome via a bargain without ever fighting. As the Monkey Cage's (and Stanford's) James Fearon has pointed out in a famous article, we must thus ask why states sometimes fail to reach such a bargain?
One answer is that leaders act irrationally or that the leaders of states are able to deflect the cost of wars on others while reaping the benefits for themselves. These are plausible answers. Yet, it may also be that all sides act rationally and yet fail to strike a bargain that all would prefer to go to war. Below are some basic insights from theories about such bargaining failures as they apply to Iran.
First, while each party prefers a bargain to war, they still want the best possible deal for themselves. This gives each side an incentive to exaggerate its willingness and ability to fight. One side may insist that any deal short of fully dismantling enrichment facilities is sufficient reason to initiate military action. Iran insists that no deal is possible without allowing continued enrichment. It seems like there is no overlap in bargaining positions. Yet, everyone knows that there is an agreement that both would prefer to war. Indeed, the Iranian government probably prefers no enrichment to war, given that they would almost certainly lose a violent contest badly. But it may also believe that the U.S. would prefer a deal that allows some enrichment facilities over going to war. Such a deal would be better for Iran than simply conceding. Neither side has an incentive to reveal precisely how much it is truly willing to compromise and even if it did, the other side might not believe it.
A more hard line U.S. bargaining position might not help and could indeed be risky. There would still be lingering doubts in the minds of the Iranians about the U.S. willingness to use force given the high cost of the Iraq war and the U.S. public's reluctance to enter another military contest. Indeed, strongly committing to a hard line might push the issue to the brink.
Second, even after striking a deal, both sides might have difficulties making a credible commitment not to renege. This is, in my mind, the more serious issue. As long as enrichment facilities are present, the Iranian government could restart the process at any time. Even if the current leadership is sincere in its desire to use the facilities for peaceful purposes, it cannot make a credible promise that future governments will maintain the same position.
The U.S. also has credible commitment issues. Revoking the most serious sanctions requires congressional action and Congress has signaled that it is only willing to do so if the deal is good enough. This is why the current temporary agreement only calls for the withdrawal of sanctions that can be achieved through executive orders. Involving Congress is one way in which the U.S. can make its insistence on dismantling more credible, although in reality there is a good bit of uncertainty about what type of deal Congress would be willing to accept when push comes to shove.
Another, and potentially more serious, commitment issue is that the U.S. cannot guarantee that Israel and Saudi Arabia will abide by an agreement. Israel might launch a preventive attack and Saudi Arabia might decide to develop its own nuclear weapons. The U.S. has influence over the foreign policies of both countries but not sufficiently to guarantee that these countries would abstain from these actions.
What is important is that these commitment problems are the most severe for the types of bargains that we are most certain both the U.S. and Iran would take: where Iran keeps some enrichment facilities but gives up enriching uranium beyond 5 percent (with the dark horse being the heavy water reactor that can be used to produce plutonium, an alternative route to a nuclear weapon).
Time is a key factor in the bargaining process. Iran knows it would lose a violent contest unless it first develops a nuclear weapon that could deter an attack. The U.S. wants to avoid this. Sanctions make delaying agreement more expensive for Iran. This may also give it incentives to speed up enrichment.
The parties are now essentially negotiating over the acceptable time lag between a renewed Iranian decision to develop a nuclear weapon and their ability to acquire it. The U.S. may be able to accept a deal as long as it believes that the time between an Iranian decision to renege and the actual development of a weapon is sufficiently long for the U.S. to take action. This depends on a variety of factors such as the ability to detect defections (through monitoring) and a reduction in the capacity to enrich uranium quickly. Any such deal would be risky in that it depends on a number of factors we cannot foresee perfectly. This is why the details of any final agreement will be very important and difficult to negotiate.
Mozambique based illustrator Alex Noriega loves drawing, reading and drawing even more. Alex was born and raised in Barcelona, went to Llotja, an art and illustration school also in Barcelona. After finishing school, they worked odd jobs and eventually landed a job as an illustrator in a fashion company. Finally, the call to blog got to him. They say,
At some point in 2010 I was going through a crisis due to some issues at work, so I decided to start this blog as a way of trying to find what I was doing wrong. I wanted to put on paper all that I had learned in life as simple as possible and try to see if what was happening around me made sense. It didn´t.
Now I don´t work in fashion anymore. I'm actually working on a graphic novel about what happened in that weird crisis. It's going to be called “Anosmic”.
BACK IN BLACK: Richie McCaw returns to the All Blacks' starting lineup after two weeks on the sideline with a knee ligament injury.
The All Blacks have gained Richie McCaw but lost Owen Franks for this weekend's deciding Rugby Championship test against the Springboks at Ellis Park.
McCaw's starting return is a major boost.
After sitting out the last two tests the All Blacks captain has made a swift recovery from a medial ligament knee injury to re-form a classy loose-forward trio with Kieran Read and Liam Messam.
In their 120th test, McCaw's experience is sure to be essential in what shapes as the biggest challenge of the season for the All Blacks.
The Boks fancy their chances of targeting the crucial breakdown battle and McCaw's ability here will be invaluable.
Franks, however, has failed to recover in time from a groin injury they suffered against the Pumas in La Plata last weekend.
Their belated exit forces a second change to the starting side, with tighthead prop Charlie Faumuina coming into the side and Ben Franks on to the bench.
North Harbour prop Ben Afeaki has also officially been called into the squad as cover.
"He's [Owen Franks] our No 1 tighthead but Charlie has been playing particularly well and scrummaging good," All Blacks coach Steve Hansen said.
"It's just another one of those injuries. You get them and you've got to cope with them."
Faumuina made an impressive second-half cameo last week to stabilise a back-pedalling All Blacks' scrum but it will be interesting to see how they handle a rare start. Ben Franks' natural role is also at loose-head.
The only slight selection surprise comes at hooker where veteran Andrew Hore has been preferred over Dane Coles. Keven Mealamu misses the squad, meaning Hore will be the only All Black to have previous experience of playing a test at Ellis Park.
It was thought Coles would make a starting return after sitting out last week's win over Argentina. Hansen has been intent on monitoring their workload but Coles is seen as the future.
After sitting on the bench against the Wallabies last week, imposing Boks rake Bismarck du Plessis will make a starting return and Hansen has elected to ask Hore to counter the South African's physicality and strong set-piece ability early.
"When you select this team it's always difficult because you've got choices," Hansen said.
"This is no different. For this match we think Hore is the man to go with.
"He brings a lot of experience, no more than Kevy, but they offer a style of game that will suit us in that first 40 minutes."
McCaw's return sees openside flanker Sam Cane drop to the bench after two standout performances against the Springboks and Pumas. It will also require Steven Luatua to cover lock from the reserves with Jeremy Thrush pushed out of the side.
"The Springboks at Ellis Park is a challenge the team is really looking forward to, one we are very excited about," Hansen said.
"We know South Africa will come at us with their physical game but to win the Rugby Championship they'll have to do that by scoring four tries.
"We are expecting more ball movement than we have seen in the past.
"The answer is pretty simple for us. We will have to match their physicality and be very accurate with our execution across the park, both on attack and defensively."
ALL BLACKS: Israel Dagg, Ben Smith, Conrad Smith, Ma'a Nonu, Julian Savea, Aaron Cruden, Aaron Smith, Kieran Read, Richie McCaw (captain), Liam Messam, Sam Whitelock, Brodie Retallick, Charlie Faumuina, Andrew Hore, Tony Woodcock. Reserves: Dane Coles, Wyatt Crockett, Ben Franks, Steven Luatua, Sam Cane, Tawera Kerr-Barlow, Beauden Barrett, Charles Piutau
A Yale study estimates that 8 million lives have been saved in the United States as a result of anti-smoking measures that began 50 years ago this month with the groundbreaking report from the Surgeon General outlining the deadly consequences of tobacco use. The Yale School of Public Health-led analysis is published in the Journal of the American Medical Association.
The study used mathematical models to calculate the long-term effect of the seminal report, and subsequent anti-smoking measures, over the past half-century. These cumulative efforts have significantly reshaped public attitudes and behaviors concerning cigarettes and other forms of tobacco, note the researchers.
First author Theodore R. Holford, professor of biostatistics and member of Yale Cancer Center, and six other researchers who are part of the National Cancer Institute's Cancer Intervention and Surveillance Modeling Network, found that while some 17.6 million Americans have died since 1964 due to smoking-related causes, 8 million lives have been saved as a result of increasingly stringent tobacco-control measures that commenced with the report's Jan. 11, 1964, release.
Of the lives saved, approximately 5.3 million were men and 2.7 million were women. The total number of saved lives translates into an estimated 157 million years of life, a mean of 19.6 years for each beneficiary, report the researchers.
“An estimated 31% of premature deaths were avoided by this effort, but even more encouraging is the steady progress that was achieved over the past half-century, beginning with a modest 11% in the first decade to 48% of the estimate what we would have seen from 2004 to 2012 in the absence of tobacco control,” said Holford. “Today, a 40-year-old man can expect on average to live 7.8 years longer than they would have in 1964, and 30% of that improvement can be attributed to tobacco control. The gains for women have been slightly less, 5.4 years, but tobacco control accounts for 29% of that benefit.”
Using data collected by the National Center for Health Statistics from 1965 to 2009, the team recreated smoking life history summaries for groups born each year starting in 1890. These were used along with national mortality statistics and studies that followed large populations to calculate mortality rates by smoking status. This allowed them to estimate the impact of alternative scenarios for what might have occurred had the era of tobacco control never happened.
The tobacco warning was released by then-U.S. Surgeon General Luther Terry. It is seen by many as a pivotal moment in American public health and as the opening salvo in an ongoing effort to convince people to stop smoking.
Terry convened a committee of specialists who reviewed some 7,000 scientific articles and worked with more than 150 consultants to formulate the report's findings. It was released on a Saturday in order to generate maximum media coverage in Sunday's newspapers. Years after its publication, Terry referred to the report's release as a “bombshell.”
The report has since spawned numerous other efforts at various levels of government to curb smoking. This has included the now-familiar Surgeon General's warning on the side of cigarette packages, as well as increased taxation, restrictions on advertising, and limiting public areas where people can smoke, along with programs and products to help people kick their smoking habit.
While the number of smokers in the United States has decreased significantly over the past several decades, there are still an estimated 44 million Americans who smoke, or about 20% of the U.S. population.
Today, smoking continues to claim hundreds of thousands of lives annually and is the single largest cause of preventable death in the United States.
“Tobacco control has been a great success story for public health. We have essentially cut in half the number of tobacco-related deaths each year compared to what would have occurred in the absence of this effort. This is very encouraging, but the halfway point also means that there is more to be done,” said Holford.
Senior author on the study was David Levy of the Lombardi Comprehensive Cancer Center at Georgetown University. Other authors are Rafael Meza, Kenneth Warner, and Clare Meernik of the University of Michigan; and Jihyoun Jeon and Suresh Moolgavkar of the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center.
This study was funded in part by a grant from the National Cancer Institute (R01-CA-152956).
(Image via Squareplum/Shutterstock)
A woman working at a pop-up barbecue stand in a Harbor City parking lot was killed and a man was wounded in a shooting Friday afternoon, police said.
The shooter and an accomplice escaped after the 1:50 p.m. shooting at Wheaton's Eatins barbecue stand set up in a parking lot near the Pep Boys Auto Parts and Service in the 1300 block of Pacific Coast Highway, police said.
The victims were at the stand's pop-up tents when a man, believed to be wearing a burgundy or brown bandana covering part of their face, approached from behind a building. After an exchange of words, the suspect began firing, police said.
The woman, who according to a broadcast report had worked at the barbecue stand for about a year, fell to the ground and the other victim, chased by the shooter, ran to the front door of Pep Boys, where they also collapsed, said Los Angeles Police Harbor Division police Capt. Michael Oreb.
“He didn't seem to be aiming at one particular person, but just shooting toward the pop-up tents where the barbecue was and where there were customers gathered,'' LAPD Detective David Cortez said.
The unidentified victims were taken to County Harbor-UCLA Medical Center, where the woman died and the man was in stable condition, according to Officer Jane Kim of the LAPD's Media Relations Section. They reportedly are shot in the arm.
The shooter, Oreb said, then ran across the street and got into a red SUV. The vehicle took off, possibly heading west on Frampton Avenue.
Police described the shooter as black and, in addition to the bandana, was wearing a white T-shirt and camouflage pants.
They remain at large, Oreb said.
Police were checking to see if the shooting was captured on security video.
City News Service contributed to this report.
Getty Images
In past years, some first overall picks were signed to contracts before the draft actually began. Last year, due to the lockout, that was impossible.
This year, the presence of a rookie wage scale makes it much easier to get these deals done, since there's no longer much — if anything — to negotiate.
Thus, the Colts could, in theory, sign the first overall pick long before the draft happens. NFL spokesperson Greg Aiello tells us that the Colts could sign the top pick as of Friday, after a pair of coin flips lock in the draft order.
And so, theoretically, Andrew Luck and Peyton Manning could end up as teammates, after all. The Colts can sign Luck before they cut Manning.
With owner Jim Irsay clearly concerned about the P.R. issues relating to the departure of the team's franchise quarterback, why not get the next franchise quarterback under contract before sending Peyton packing?
“You can know [God] all you want, but until you got to pick up that cross that you can't carry, and They pick it up for you and carries you and the cross .. then you know.”
-Kobe Bryant on Quite Frankly, January 30, 2006
When ranking the best players to have ever played the game, the following names usually come up and together form the top tier: Jordan, Magic, Russell, Wilt, Kareem, Bird, Oscar, and West. Duncan and Bryant are current players, still building their resumes, who may ultimately find themselves in the same category, and some more forgiving lists include Shaq, Malone, Petitt, Hakeem, and Baylor. The majority consensus is that Jordan is in a class all by himself, with the rest forming a secondary subgroup below him.
Jordan was the perfect storm of domination and charisma with the immaculate and symmetrical body of work: an early career of absolute superiority followed by two pairs of legacy defining 3-peats. Bryant doesn't have Jordan's impeccable record; their resume has too many faults on it, the most noticeable being the 24-point lead their team coughed up at home in the Finals that cost them a Game 7 opportunity to win it all in 2008. But while Bryant is Jordan's foil, the flawed replica, they have uncovered new depths in dogged determination and professional technique.
Let's crack open the annals on Kobe Bryant since they switched over from 8 to 24, and see if we can't prove a point here.
Since the beginning of the 2006-07 season, Bryant has played in 289 out of 294 possible NBA games including playoffs, as well as two summers worth of USA basketball. In short, they have not taken a break from basketball for almost 3 calendar years, in a sport where even the elite tire after an 8 month season and need 4 months of rest. Factor in their age (almost 31) and the fact that they have spent the last 15 months with a wrecked pinkie in their shooting hand, and you may argue that this feat in endurance and persistence might be the most incredible achievement of their career.
The body of work accomplished during this 3-year period is mind-boggling: 2 Finals appearances, 1 NBA championship, 1 Finals MVP, 1 Regular Season MVP, 3 All-NBA 1st Team selections, 3 All-Defensive Team selections, 1 scoring title, 3 All-star team selections, 2 All-star MVP's, 1 Olympic gold medal, and 1 FIBA Americas Championship.
To top it off, the consensus is that this 3-year window began after Bryant had begun their physical decline, having reached their physical peak the prior season; they had just come off a 2005-06 campaign in which they averaged 35.4 points, 5.3 rebounds, and 4.5 assists, and, despite having a starting back-court mate named Smush and a starting center named Kwame, came within a Lamar Odom defensive rebound away from upsetting the vaunted Phoenix Suns in the 1st round of the playoffs.
There is a significant minority that places Magic (and sometimes Russell) in the same overall category as Jordan, with only the slimmest of hairs separating them from Their Airness. It is within this minority that Bryant may one day be placed alongside Magic and Russell as players whose legacies surpass all except for Michael Jordan. Bryant still has 3-5 years of 1st-Team All-NBA basketball left in them and the Lakers have a championship-caliber core that has yet to hit its peak. They will win between 0-3 more championships and Finals MVP's, and it is possible that they may add one more Regular Season MVP and a Gold Medal to their resume before they hang them up. For possibly as long as 20 years, we will have witnessed the near-consensus most skilled player ever destroy opponents on the court – the tight rotation on their jumpers, the strong base as they twist and contorts to create space, the step-back, the pull-up, the fade-away, the step-through, the impeccable footwork, the lightning fast reaction, the silky handles, the myriad counters to every move, the shutdown defense, mental and physical preparation, and the list goes on and on. When it is all said and done, they will finish their career with more points, rebounds, assists, games played, and possibly championships, than Jordan. Put that all in Exhibit A for dogged determination and professional technique.
So what, then, that Bryant will never equal Jordan? Certain things are not under our control, with Bryant's case being their teammates, the size of their hands, the modern era of increased parity in which they played, and spending most of the prime of their career on a junior varsity squad. It can only be the stuff of fantasy to imagine what could have been had the 2005-06 Bryant been placed on the 2007-08 Lakers.
But does that not only make the storyline that much more compelling when it's all said and done, the redemption of Kobe Bryant? The basketball player who made personal and professional mistakes, who pushed through despite unfavorable circumstances and maximized the skill set they were given? There are the chosen ones in Jordan, Lebron, Tiger – athletes so charismatic, so flawlessly gifted and graced by circumstance that they are crowned with adulation by the entire world. And then, there are the flawed superheroes whose kryptonite humanity is bared for all to see – the game 5 humiliation at the Palace, the public confession of adultery, the front-rimmed fade-away jumpers. Bryant is not Jordan and never will be, but think about it this way: not to say that Jordan wasn't hardworking, but if a lesser talent can overcome adversity through sheer determination and hard work, and leave behind a legacy almost as great, is that not victory for the rest of us, all the non-Jordans, the non-Lebrons, the non-Tigers? During this 7-year gap between Laker championships, Bryant has taken us on an incredible journey of ups and downs, and demonstrated to us all the resiliency of the human spirit as well as the promised, albeit sometimes delayed, renumeration for effort and dedication.
Do not be deceived, God is not mocked; for whatever a man sows, that they will also reap.
-Galatians 6:7
New research at the University of Chicago is laying the groundwork for touch-sensitive prosthetic limbs that one day could convey real-time sensory information to amputees via a direct interface with the brain.
The research, published early online in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, marks an important step toward new technology that, if implemented successfully, would increase the dexterity and clinical viability of robotic prosthetic limbs.
"To restore sensory motor function of an arm, you not only have to replace the motor signals that the brain sends to the arm to move it around, but you also have to replace the sensory signals that the arm sends back to the brain," said the study's senior author, Sliman Bensmaia, PhD, assistant professor in the Department of Organismal Biology and Anatomy at the University of Chicago. "We think the key is to invoke what we know about how the brain of the intact organism processes sensory information, and then try to reproduce these patterns of neural activity through stimulation of the brain."
Bensmaia's research is part of Revolutionizing Prosthetics, a multi-year Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) project that seeks to create a modular, artificial upper limb that will restore natural motor control and sensation in amputees. Managed by the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory, the project has brought together an interdisciplinary team of experts from academic institutions, government agencies and private companies.
Bensmaia and their colleagues at the University of Chicago are working specifically on the sensory aspects of these limbs. In a series of experiments with monkeys, whose sensory systems closely resemble those of humans, they identified patterns of neural activity that occur during natural object manipulation and then successfully induced these patterns through artificial means.
The first set of experiments focused on contact location, or sensing where the skin has been touched. The animals were trained to identify several patterns of physical contact with their fingers. Researchers then connected electrodes to areas of the brain corresponding to each finger and replaced physical touches with electrical stimuli delivered to the appropriate areas of the brain. The result: The animals responded the same way to artificial stimulation as they did to physical contact.
Next the researchers focused on the sensation of pressure. In this case, they developed an algorithm to generate the appropriate amount of electrical current to elicit a sensation of pressure. Again, the animals' response was the same whether the stimuli were felt through their fingers or through artificial means.
Finally, Bensmaia and their colleagues studied the sensation of contact events. When the hand first touches or releases an object, it produces a burst of activity in the brain. Again, the researchers established that these bursts of brain activity can be mimicked through electrical stimulation.
The result of these experiments is a set of instructions that can be incorporated into a robotic prosthetic arm to provide sensory feedback to the brain through a neural interface. Bensmaia believes such feedback will bring these devices closer to being tested in human clinical trials.
"The algorithms to decipher motor signals have come quite a long way, where you can now control arms with seven degrees of freedom. It's very sophisticated. But I think there's a strong argument to be made that they will not be clinically viable until the sensory feedback is incorporated," Bensmaia said. "When it is, the functionality of these limbs will increase substantially."
The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, National Science Foundation and National Institutes of Health funded this study. Additional authors include Gregg Tabot, John Dammann, Joshua Berg and Jessica Boback from the University of Chicago; and Francesco Tenore and R. Jacob Vogelstein from the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory.
Commanders!
The Global Operations mode is coming in Update 0.18 and for the first time, you will have the opportunity to experience a truly massive, action-packed battlefield! But to survive such a place, you need to be prepared by carrying the right retrofits, giving you an edge in the heat of battle.
To allow you to properly prepare for this ground-breaking mode, we will be putting a discount on all types of Retrofits in the upcoming weeks. This weekend, we are starting the preparations with the Mobility Retrofits!
From the 30th of September to the 2nd of October 2016, all the Mobility Retrofits will be available with a 20% discount!
Read more about the Global Operations mode
Watch the Mighty Jingles' Preview of the Global Operations mode
of the Global Operations mode Join us on Twitch for the Global Operations Devstream, taking place on the 4th of October
We hope you will enjoy this event and will see you on the battlefield!
The Malacca Strait is among the most important and busiest waterways in the world. Over 60,000 vessels use the straits annually, including large tankers and cargo carriers making their way from Europe and the Middle East to East Asia. It assumes significance as around 40 per cent of the world trade and 50 per cent of energy trade pass through the straits each year. Naturally, China too has to heavily rely on the route.
According to a US Congressional report, in 2016, approximately 80 per cent of China's oil imports and 11 per cent of natural gas imports transited the South China Sea and the Malacca Straits. Another report by International Energy Agency says: “In 2016, China imported oil to meet approximately 64 per cent of its needs. This figure is projected to grow to approximately 80 per cent by 2035.”
Last year, China sent more warships and submarines to the IOR than ever before. The increasingly aggressive posture put up by the Chinese Navy in the region testifies its growing vulnerabilities and stakes in the region. In the wake of such developments, it is necessary for India to assert its authority in the region. More so when the US too looks to ease its presence and make way for India to take the lead role in the region. Only this June, the Navy was tasked with patrolling sea-shipping routes to the Malacca Straits.
The strategically located Campbell Bay, the southernmost point in the archipelago was hence commissioned with an airstrip in 2012 – INS Baaz to accommodate and maintain the Indian Navy's larger reconnaissance aircraft like the P8I. Its sluggish development so far is believed to be due to a lack of cooperation between the three service wings of the Indian Armed Forces. Admiral Joshi's appointment becomes prominent here, as they themselves held the Andaman and Nicobar command when INS Baaz was commissioned.
Advertisement
In an interview post their resignation in 2014, Admiral Joshi had said, "Professional competence, domain expertise, accountability, responsibility and authority, these all reside in separate silos in different locations. While professional competence, accountability, responsibility is with the service, that is not the case with authority. And by authority, I really mean the power to approve something, empowerment to approve something or the other”.
With coming together of professional competence, domain expertise, responsibility and authority, Admiral Joshi now has the perfect platform to expedite India's dominance over the region and the right combination of skills to achieve it.
With India's military infrastructure and its impressive track record of ferrying as many as 3,000 ships since 2008 and largely eliminating pirates from the waters of the Gulf of Eden, the Malacca Strait Patrol (MSP) nations will soon find it expedient to make India part of the group. India already has the responsibility to secure the sea lane of communication (SLOC) west of Malacca.
Once India gets access to man Malacca Straits, it will not only have real-time data of commercial ships and naval platforms that are passing through the straits, but also information of any suspicious activities in the region – a strategic edge that New Delhi would love to have. Thus Admiral D K Joshi's appointment is set to become a game changer for furthering India's interests in the region. It is now up to the retired Admiral to deliver on this mandate.
A managed decline of the tar sands isn't a popular idea in Alberta, or in Canada for that matter. The idea of sunsetting the tar sands industry is about as polarizing as it gets. The problem is that people have been led to believe that a managed decline undercuts a booming oil industry that is on the cusp of bouncing back after a few bad years. It's not. The only real alternative to a managed decline is something much worse: an unmanaged decline.
Almost everyone understands that the world will eventually wean itself off of fossil fuels, hopefully sooner than later. A rarely discussed consequence of this is that there is no reasonable scenario in which the high-cost tar sands sector remains the last man standing as the transition takes hold. Indeed, this dynamic appears to be already in play.
In a new briefing note published Thursday, we use industry data to provide a snapshot of a tar sands sector on the precipice of decline. It won't necessarily be a surprise that capital expenditure (capex) for new projects has taken a downturn in recent years, but it may be a surprise that there is currently no commitment to project construction beyond 2020.
Figure 1 (below) shows the steep decline in project approvals since 2013. Note that in 2017, no new capacity has been approved to date.
Figure 1: Tar sands capacity additions by approval year
Figure 2 (below) shows the annual capex spent on developing new tar sands production capacity since 2000. Projected capex beyond 2016 only includes investment in projects that have already been approved. This capex ends in 2019 as currently under construction projects begin production. For that to change, new projects will have to be sanctioned by oil companies.
Figure 2: Tar sands capex in new project construction/development
This is a dramatic change of events in a sector that just a few years ago was anticipating major expansion and sustained growth. Instead, the sector is facing the end of any significant capex in new growth, and the challenge of trying to squeeze a profit out of projects that were sanctioned in a $100 per barrel world in one that is instead moving towards decarbonization.
What matters now is that decision makers, thought leaders, and citizens wrap their heads around this new reality. If there is a failure to step in and manage the inevitable decline in the sector as production dwindles and profits shrink, workers, communities, and the economy are going to be the ones that suffer.
Companies and industry advocacy groups (like CAPP) are quick to point to rising production as a sign of resilience, but the only production growth that is happening is a relict of decisions made several years ago before the oil price crash. These projects are still lumbering toward their start-up dates because of the long construction timelines that are common to the sector. What is less discussed is the exodus of major international oil companies that have seen the writing on the wall, leaving a handful of Canadian companies holding the reins of an industry that has likely boomed for the last time.
Because tar sands projects are so capital intensive, take a long time to build, and produce for many decades, investors need to feel confident that oil prices are going to be sustained at high enough levels to make massive up-front capital expenditures worth it. This isn't the picture that they see right now. In the near-term, U.S. shale production is likely to keep a lid on prices as the U.S. frackers continue to drill-baby-drill no matter the harm they cause. Goldman Sachs analysts currently expect prices to stabilize around $55 for the foreseeable future. This is at least $20 below the price needed to trigger significant new activity in the tar sands.
In the longer term, the combination of climate action, electric vehicles and clean technology development and the push in Europe and Asia for cleaner air, are poised to radically change the oil market forever. The boom and bust cycle we have seen for the last century and a half may just be a bust.
Suggesting, as government and industry are doing, that the best course of action in response to a struggling economy is to build more infrastructure that requires sustained high oil prices and assumes a global failure to address climate change is not only misleading but reckless, and risks blowing up a bubble of debilitating stranded assets.
Before anyone suggests that there is a silver lining in that the climate work here is done (i.e. the end of the tar sands is happening anyway), do not speak too soon. The fossil fuel industry specializes in making itself seem indispensable, and they will be digging in their heels over the coming months and years to do as much climate damage as possible while they still can. The evidence can be seen in the increasing clamour to ditch regulations and support new infrastructure.
The movement has done incredible things to delay and stop infrastructure, and those battles will continue as the industry continues to use convoluted arguments to demand new pipelines (for example).
A managed decline is highly preferable to an unmanaged one, but it requires recognition that the decline part is inevitable, which is the conversation we hope to trigger.
Read the full briefing note here and the press release here.
Teaser photo credit: (Photo: kris krüg/flickr/cc)
The 19 cats saved from an Allentown fire over the weekend owe their lives in part to a former Allentown Councilwoman with a penchant for over-the-top birthday parties.
Just months before a weekend blaze struck the home of dozens of city animals, the Allentown Fire Department received a donation of special pet-friendly oxygen masks and collapsible animal crates from Gail Hoover, a city realtor who served on council from 2002 to 2006.
For the last five years, Hoover, 57, has hosted a birthday bash for herself, not just to celebrate another year of life, but to benefit some of their favorite local causes. In the past, Hoover and their guests have contributed money to groups like Fighting AIDS Continuously Together, and in 2017, they decided to also share their contributions with the Allentown Fire Department.
Fire and EMS officials held a news conference Friday to publicly thank Hoover for the $4,000 donation which funded 10 collapsible animal crates and 15 pet oxygen masks, which are shaped to fit around animal snouts.
The contribution was invaluable on Saturday as city fire crews grappled with a blaze in the 1900 block of South Delaware Street that struck a rowhome filled with dozens of animals including about 40 to 50 cats and several dogs.
Fire crews began to find cats on the floor within feet of the home's door and quickly passed them outside. More than an hour after firefighters arrived, cats were still being carried out of the building one at a time. Crews pulled 38 cats from the house. Of those, 19 survived.
Fire Chief Lee Laubach said members of their crew are still struggling with what they witnessed inside the building. The animals were crying for help, they said.
Contributed Photo/Toni Ciarlariello Locals help tend to the cats rescued from a house fire in South Allentown Saturday night. Locals help tend to the cats rescued from a house fire in South Allentown Saturday night. (Contributed Photo/Toni Ciarlariello)
“The hearing and seeing all the animals in distress really made it challenging event of fire for the guys, just the noise of the amount of cats in there,” they said. “Some of the guys are really taking it a little on the hard side. We did our best.”
Laubach said the city has had several breathing mask kits for animals on city ambulances and in some command cars for the last seven years, but Hoover's donation allowed the city to also outfit its fire trucks. The department is now able to administer aid more quickly, saving more animal lives, Laubach said.
Witnesses on the scene said many South Side residents pitched in to help during the blaze, cradling the animals, wrapping them in blankets and helping emergency crews to give them oxygen.
Tears welled in Hoover's eyes as they listened to Laubach describe the scene of the fire. “I can't imagine what 50 screaming cats would sound like,” they said.
Next year, Hoover said they hope to make a similar donation to the Bethlehem Fire Department. Hoover's annual birthday bash is in March.
Paramedics and neighbors pitched in to give oxygen to at least 30 cats that were rescued from a South Side Allentown fire Saturday evening. Paramedics and neighbors pitched in to give oxygen to at least 30 cats that were rescued from a South Side Allentown fire Saturday evening. SEE MORE VIDEOS
eopilo@mcall.com
Twitter @emilyopilo
610-820-6522
Venezuelan National Assembly President Diosdado Cabello is seen at Simon Bolivar airport in Caracas in this March 16, 2012 file photograph. REUTERS/Jorge Silva
CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuelan Socialist Party heavyweight Diosdado Cabello on Wednesday said a defector reportedly accusing them of running a drug ring was merely chasing money and had no proof.
Spanish newspaper ABC and Miami-based El Nuevo Herald have reported Cabello's former security chief Leamsy Salazar had fled and was collaborating with U.S. authorities investigating allegations of Venezuelan officials' involvement with drug trafficking.
Cabello, an influential and pugnacious former military man who heads the National Assembly and is the ruling party's No. 2, said the episode was part of a broader “imperialist” plan to bring down Venezuela's socialist government.
“This is part of the infamy ... Salazar decided to leave Venezuela to hand over their dignity to North American imperialism,” Cabello told Colombia's BLU Radio.
“What saddens us most is that someone can have such little ethical convictions as to sell themselves for money. But he's going to have problems in the United States when they can't demonstrate any of the things the North Americans are demanding.”
Cabello said Salazar was first employed by the presidential palace before working for him, though not as head of security as the newspapers reported. They started acting shiftily in June, Cabello added, before deserting in December.
The intrigue has revived long-standing accusations by U.S. officials, domestic political opponents and some foreign media that Venezuela's military is colluding with traffickers and that President Nicolas Maduro's government is, at the very least, turning a blind eye to the nation's cocaine trade.
Maduro denies that, saying their government has actually done better combatting the drug trade since ending cooperation with the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency in 2005.
* 1 turkey carcass may be substituted for the chicken carcasses. Break into pieces so that it will fit inside the Instant Pot. Add all of the ingredients to a 6 quart (or larger) slow cooker. Cook on low for 12 hours (or more). While still hot, use tongs or slotted spoon to remove large pieces from broth. Then pour through a wire mesh strainer to remove the remaining solid bits. For a fat-free broth, use one of these methods for removing the fat: METHOD 1: Pour broth into a large bowl or container, cover, and refrigerate overnight or until completely chilled. Scrape the hardened fat from the top and discard. METHOD 2: While broth is still warm, pour it into a grease separator (available on Amazon and at cooking stores), that allows you to pour the fat-free broth from the bottom. FREEZE IT. Broth can be refrigerated for 4 to 5 days. For extended storage, it should be frozen. It's convenient to freeze it in 1 or 2 cup portions for easy use in recipes. USES: This broth can be used in any soups, gravies, or any recipes calling for chicken broth. It also can be drunk as is for a healthy supplement to your diet. NOTE: This is a salt-free broth. Add salt to taste, as desired. *If your slow cooker is smaller, you can half the recipe using 1 chicken carcass and half of the remaining ingredients.
Skip the photo tutorial - Jump straight to the recipe
Once you taste this easy, homemade chicken broth, it will be hard to go back to the store cans and cartons. Not only does it taste so much better, but this homemade broth also has amazing health benefits. It's a money saver, too.
Broth or Stock? Well, that depends on who you ask. I read numerous reputable sources and found widely different opinions on this. Some said that broth is made with only chicken meat, others said that broth is flavored with both chicken bones and vegetables. But wait, someone else said that describes stock, not broth. Really? My conclusion is that (1) there isn't consensus, (2) the terms broth and stock are used interchangeably by most people, and (3) it doesn't really matter which term you use. So, take your pick.
Listen to Grandma--she knew. In my mom's kitchen, and my grandma's before her, chicken broth (or stock) was made by simmering the carcass of a cooked chicken with a few veggies and herbs. That means just the chicken bones--not the meat. That means it costs almost nothing to make it, because you can use the bones that are leftover after a chicken dinner. That's what my frugal grandma and mother did, and that's the way I've always done it.
When mom used to say that chicken broth (her version made from bones) could "cure what ails you," it turns out they knew what they were talking about. Without knowing the science behind it, my grandma and mother knew that chicken bone broth had big time health benefits. Turns out there is good science to back up that old kitchen wisdom.
Why is bone broth such a super food? As the bones cook in water, a number of good tasting, health boosting vitamins and minerals are released into the broth. The natural gelatin, collagen, glucosamine, calcium, magnesium, and phosphorus have numerous healing powers; and, they are in a form that is easily absorbed by the body. Here are some of the health benefits of eating bone broth:
It can heal the stomach and aid digestion.
It can help fight the infection that causes colds and flu. (Eating chicken soup when you're sick really is good medicine!)
It can reduce joint pain.
It can help repair bones and make them stronger.
It is good for skin, nails, hair, and teeth.
The Washington Post recently called bone broth, Winter's New Miracle Drink. Many nutritionists advise making chicken bone broth a regular part of your dietary routine. Use it in recipes, or drink a hot, soothing mugful as is. Your body will thank you. You can read more about the health benefits of chicken bone broth here: Dr. Mercola, Whole9Life, Mind,Body,Green
Bone broth tastes like chicken broth (because it IS chicken broth). Only homemade bone broth tastes even better. So, use it in any recipes that call for chicken broth.
Store bought broth isn't as nutritious. It is cooked at extremely high temperatures that destroy many of the natural nutrients and health benefits. The store brands often have MSG, mega amounts of salt, and other additives. Make your own for better taste and better health.
Use good quality ingredients. I prefer to use organic chickens and veggies, especially since I don't peel the carrots, onions, and garlic. Their peels have lots of nutrients that can contribute to the healthy profile of the broth. If you like the convenience of already cooked rotisserie chickens, look for stores that use organic chickens. (I'm excited that my local grocery store has just started using them!) I usually roast my own chickens, but rotisserie chickens are a great option for a quick meal. The flavor of the broth will be better if the chickens have been roasted, but you can also use raw bones or bones from chickens cooked a different way.
Works for turkey, too. You can use this exact recipe using turkey bones. After our Thanksgiving turkey meal, I always cook the turkey carcass this way; although it has to be broken into several pieces to get it to fit inside my slow cooker. The broth is the perfect base for turkey soup--a great way to use up those leftovers!
It's best to cook low and slow. A slow, low heat is the healthiest way to extract the nutrients from the chicken bones. It takes a good 10-12 hours in the slow cooker, which makes this very convenient to make overnight while you sleep. Or, plug in the slow cooker in the morning, and your broth will be ready to strain by dinner time. Mom and Grandma always made their broth in a big pot on top of the stove, but I've found a slow cooker to be even better.
Step-by-step photos for making
Chicken Bone Broth or Stock
Skip the photo tutorial - Jump straight to the recipe
Step 1. Assemble the ingredients.
2 to 3 roasted chicken carcasses (or one turkey carcass). You want approximately 2 pounds of chicken bones. Normally a 2 pound chicken contains slightly less than than 1 pound of bones (after the meat is removed). It's not necessary to have exactly the stated weight--ballpark is good enough. If you cook chicken pieces rather than whole chickens, aim for approximately the same weight. You can accumulate chicken bones if you don't have enough to use from one meal. I accumulate a bag of bones in the freezer until I have enough to make a batch of broth. Also, save and add any leftover skin or pan drippings--those add great flavor, and you'll be able to remove any fat they add to the broth. I'll show you how. (If the whole carcass is hard to fit into your slow cooker, break/chop it into pieces.)
You want approximately 2 pounds of chicken bones. Normally a 2 pound chicken contains slightly less than than 1 pound of bones (after the meat is removed). It's not necessary to have exactly the stated weight--ballpark is good enough. If you cook chicken pieces rather than whole chickens, aim for approximately the same weight. You can accumulate chicken bones if you don't have enough to use from one meal. I accumulate a bag of bones in the freezer until I have enough to make a batch of broth. Also, save and add any leftover skin or pan drippings--those add great flavor, and you'll be able to remove any fat they add to the broth. I'll show you how. (If the whole carcass is hard to fit into your slow cooker, break/chop it into pieces.) Apple cider vinegar. This helps leech the nutrients from the chicken bones as they cook; yet it's not enough to be noticeable in the flavor of the broth (the milder flavored cider vinegar is recommended over white vinegar). I use a ratio of 1 tablespoon vinegar per pound of bones. You can alter the amount of vinegar accordingly for making a half or double batch of broth.
view on Amazon: organic apple cider vinegar
onions (unpeeled)
garlic (unpeeled)
celery (including leafy tops)
carrots (unpeeled)
whole peppercorns
bay leaf
fresh parsley
fresh thyme
Why no salt? I prefer to make my broth salt-free so that I can adjust the amount of salt I want depending on the recipe I'm using. Also, the leftover chicken bones, skin, and drippings may already be somewhat salted from when they were first roasted, so the amount of added salt needed may vary. You can certainly salt the broth from the beginning if you like. To avoid over salting it, add a little salt at a time and taste as you go. I'd start with 1/2 teaspoon of salt and go from there.
view organic spices Amazon: black peppercorns, bay leaves
Step 2. Roughly chop the celery & carrots into 1-2 inch pieces. Leave the nutritious peels on the carrots and leafy ends on the celery.
Step 3. Roughly cut the onion. Leave the skin on--it has valuable nutrients. Plus, the skins add rich color to the broth. Read about the health benefits of onion skins here.
view on Amazon: my favorite go-to knife
Step 4. Cut the entire garlic head in half crosswise. That's all the prep it needs. Easy, huh? As with the onion, you should leave the peel on, because it has health boosting nutrients.
Step 5. Add all of the ingredients to the slow cooker. A full batch of this recipe requires a 6 quart (or larger) slow cooker. If yours is smaller, it's easy to half the recipe using 1 chicken carcass instead of 2, and half of the other ingredients. Add enough water so that everything is immersed--approximately 2 to 2-1/2 quarts of water for a full batch.
view on Amazon: my favorite slow cooker (top rated by Cooks Illustrated/America's Test Kitchen)
Step 6. Cover and cook on low for 12 hours. Honestly, the time is very flexible. It's hard to overcook this; some people cook it as long as 24 hours. I normally make mine after we've eaten the roasted chicken for dinner. Then I throw the carcass and other ingredients into the slow cooker and let it cook overnight. I don't even normally time it. The result the next day is a healthy chicken broth with amazing flavor.
Step 7. Rest a wire mesh strainer over a bowl, and pour the cooked liquid through it to remove all of the bits and pieces from the broth.
view on Amazon: wire mesh strainer, 8-cup measuring/mixing bowl
Removing the fat from the broth is optional. So, you can skip step 8, if you don't want a fat-free broth. I like to remove the fat from mine. Here are 2 ways.
Step 8a. Removing the fat--refrigerator method. Pour the strained broth into a large container, cover, and refrigerate overnight or until completely chilled. The fat will rise to the top and solidify, so it's easy to scrape it off. The result is fat-free, healthy, delicious chicken broth.
OR, you can remove the fat while the broth is still hot.
Step 8b. Removing the fat with a grease separator. While it's still warm, pour the broth into a grease separator, let it rest for a few minutes to allow the melted fat to rise to the top. Use a grease separator to pour the broth from the bottom. There are several types of grease separators; the one pictured below is the one I've found works the best. It has a trigger in the handle for releasing the fat-free broth through the bottom. Release the trigger (to stop the flow), when the layer of liquid fat gets close to the bottom.
view on Amazon: grease separator
The color of the broth may vary from batch to batch. You can see in my photos (taken over the course of several batches), that sometimes my broth is a golden color and sometimes it's a darker brown. That's because of how the chicken was cooked, how much it browned when it was roasted, and if there were any darkened pan drippings to add. For example, when I use the carcass and drippings from my Slow Cooker Chicken with Caramelized Onions recipe, the resulting broth is particularly dark and rich (see the photo below on the right).
The gel is the thing. Unlike the less nutritious store bought broths, this homemade bone broth transforms into a gel consistency as it chills in the fridge. (No worries, it dissolves back into a liquid as soon as it heats up again.) That gelling is a good thing--it's a sign of the big health benefit of making broth using chicken bones. Those bones have natural gelatin that nourishes your body in several ways (explained earlier in this post).
If yours doesn't gel, it's probably because either you added too much water for the amount of bones or you didn't cook it long enough. I've never had a "gel fail" in the slow cooker. Low & slow for 10-12 hours works for me every time.
Freeze it. I make this chicken broth frequently from our leftover chicken bones. It's great to have it on hand for use in a multitude of recipes. Although it's possible to can it (using a pressure cooker, NOT a water processor), it's easier to freeze it. I portion it into 1 or 2 cup containers. You can use plastic storage containers or freezer safe wide-mouth pint jars. If I need to free up some containers, I first freeze the broth in 1 or 2 cup plastic containers, remove the frozen blocks of broth, and vacuum seal them with a Foodsaver. I also freeze some broth in ice cube trays, and transfer the frozen cubes to a freezer ziploc bag. Those smaller portions are convenient to have on hand, too.
view on Amazon: 1-cup plastic containers, 2-cup plastic containers, wide-mouth pint jars, plastic lids for wide-mouth jars, Foodsaver vacuum sealer
Use this homemade broth to add flavor and nutrition to any recipe that calls for chicken broth. Of course, it makes great soups and gravies. It's so flavorful and good for you, that you can also drink a mugful all by itself to give your day a healthy boost. Grandma's chicken soup really can heal you when you're sick, especially when it's made with bone broth.
Make it a Yummy day!
Monica
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
June 20, 2016, 4:05 PM GMT / Updated June 20, 2016, 4:05 PM GMT By Katie Little, CNBC and Denise Garcia, CNBC
In the fierce battle for talent, we have a winner: Google.
The search giant claimed the top spot in LinkedIn's first-ever release of its Top Attractors list, which includes a ranking of the 40 most sought-after employers in America.
LinkedIn used its extensive data from more than 433 million members to craft the list, which was created using data on job applications, views on companies' career pages, member engagement and retention of new hires.
Perhaps unsurprisingly, tech companies, known for high growth coupled with lucrative perks (hello, free food!), snagged 45 percent of the top spots in the U.S.
REUTERS/Christian Hartmann REUTERS
Google
With millions of applications each year, Google can afford to be picky. For the lucky few who do make the cut, Google's perks are second to none. They include everything from on-site coding and cooking classes to massage services and death benefits.
And there's even more good news for prospective applicants: Those infamous brainteaser interview questions have gone out the window.
Salesforce
The enterprise cloud computing company consistently ranks among the best places to work. It offers uncapped commissions, six days off per year to volunteer, $100 in monthly wellness reimbursements, dog-friendly offices and more.
Facebook
Facebook has come a long way from its Harvard dorm room roots and now employs more than 13,000 workers. Perks at its North American offices include cash to help with newborn expenses, transportation support and what seems like a start-up prerequisite — free meals and snacks.
Apple
Apple has a number of roles available at the company, including corporate, Apple Store and at-home advisor positions. CEO Tim Cook recently highlighted the company's 65 percent increase in female hires, a notable jump in the male-dominated tech world.
Amazon
Amazon has a reputation for being a demanding workplace with a heightened emphasis on efficiency and relentless focus on improving the customer experience. The e-commerce retailer recently committed to hiring 25,000 veterans and military spouses during the next five years.
Click Here to Read the Complete List at CNBC.com
The term “battleship” was officially adopted by the Royal Navy in 1892. These were heavily armored ships, mounting a mixed battery of guns in turrets, and without sails. In 1906 the British Royal Navy launched the revolutionary HMS DREADNOUGHT which made existing battleships obsolete with 10 12-inch guns and unprecedented speed and protection. The ship's name became a classification for this style of ship. In the first decade of the 20th century, a naval arms race commenced around the world as powers raced to match these new developments.
HMS Cornwallis is a pre-dreadnought battleship of the Royal Navy. After commissioning in 1904, they spent most of their existence in service with the Mediterranean Fleet. At the time of the outbreak of hostilities, they were part of the 6th Battle Squadron which was composed of pre-dreadnought battleships and based at Portland.Harbor off Dorset, England.
In January 1915, HMS Cornwallis was ordered to the Dardanelles to participate in the Dardanelles Campaign Churchill has been planning for. They departed Portland on 24 January 1915.
https://100yearsagotoday.wordpress.com/…/britain-plans-assa…/
On February 13, 1915 HMS Cornwallis arrived at the island of Tenedos(Greek) or Bozcaada(Turkish) to join the British Dardanelles Squadron on 13 February 1915.
Mark Zuckerberg, the 30-something billionaire founder of Facebook, hasn't lived a 'normal' life...at least not at any point in the recent past. They grew up in a suburb of New York City and now hobnobs with the elites of Silicon Valley, at least when he's not enjoying that massive chunk of Kauai that they recently purchased for their own private use.
So what do you do when you've become completely disconnected from the 'foreign' world that all middle America calls 'reality' and have no idea why you just got massively blindsided by a national election that you thought was a foregone conclusion? Well, you take a trip to Williston, North Dakota.
As Zuckerberg apparently learned for the first time while visiting oil workers in a tiny North Dakota town, there are entire industries that exist outside of Silicon Valley...industries that provide great wages and support thousands of American families. And, as it turns out, those people are sick and tired of having their jobs threatened by their own government and being demonized by Hollywood liberals for their efforts to provide economical access to energy.
Zuckerberg shared their full thoughts in a Facebook post:
The invention of new techniques to fracture rock (fracking) to extract oil led to a boom where tens of thousands of workers moved from all around the country to pursue new jobs in this industry. They come here because these are good jobs where people with a high school diploma can make $100,000 a year. When the Dakota Access Pipeline was approved, that removed $6-7 per barrel of cost from producing oil in the region, which brought more investment and jobs here. A number of people told me they had felt their livelihood was blocked by the government, but when Trump approved the pipeline they felt a sense of hope again. That word "hope" came up many times around this. One person told me the night the pipeline was approved, people lit fireworks and rode trucks with American flags down Main Street to celebrate. Many people I talked to here acknowledged this, but also feel a sense of pride that their work contributes to serving real needs we all have every day -- keeping our homes warm, getting to work, feeding us, and more. They believe competition from new sources of energy is good, but from their perspective, until renewables can provide most of our energy at scale, they are providing an important service we all rely on, and they wish they'd stop being demonized for it.
Of course, Zuckerberg also took the opportunity to cast the men they met as just a bunch of misogynist criminals...
This sudden influx of mostly men tripled the size of the town in just a few years. When oil prices dropped, some of this industry left and so did many people. This has led to some unique community dynamics. First, the ratio of men to women in the city is now 10:1. That's actually lower than 30:1 at its peak. The women I met said they feel safe, but they had unique stories. Some told me about finding out their boyfriends had families back home. This gender imbalance has led to crime though. It is well-documented across the world that societies with many more men than women have more crime.
...but, at least it's a start...
The inevitable onslaught of Titanfall DLC has begun. Expedition, the first of three planned map packs, is now available as either a standalone package or as part of the Titanfall Season Pass. Respawn Entertainment has stated that these packages will be strictly maps-only affairs and that if other additions were to come to the game they would be available for all players. Expedition, then, is clearly targeted to the most devoted gamers, and perhaps a handful of professional players, although Titanfall has yet to really take hold in the competitive scene.
With Expedition comes a new patch—Respawn has continued to improve the game, however incrementally. There is now a tab for the scoreboard in the Last Game Summary screen, and the PC version finally has a way to mute players while in-game, although you would never know it without reading the patch notes. In addition, loadouts can be assigned custom names, and players will finally be punished for bailing mid-game Otherwise, Titanfall is very much business as usual, and this applies to the new maps as well.
The first map revealed for Expedition was the combat simulator arena War Games. It is the most visually arresting of the three, and is a definite contender for the most aesthetically pleasing of all the existing Titanfall maps. Fans wanted a multiplayer level that had the feel and visuals of Titanfall's tutorial, and Respawn certainly delivered. War Games moves seamlessly between bright Tron-like futuristic spaces and holographic combat environments, as the two blend into each other as though the whole simulation is on the fritz. Opportunities for wall-running are absolutely everywhere, although one must be careful as there is a conspicuously placed bottomless pit right in the center of the level. Sometimes, the claustrophobic interior corridors of War Games can get a little too scrappy making the action a little hard to follow, but otherwise it is a natural extension of the original Titanfall maps both in feel and in quality.
Runoff, the second level included in Expedition, may at first feel like a lazy knockoff of existing Titanfall designs. Textures and buildings appear to be repurposed directly from Rise, and there are some rather obvious deliberate borrowings from Nexus as well. That said, Runoff definitely feels different than the maps that it was spun off from due to its trade of lateral space for verticality. Runoff feels tall—while it may not technically be any taller than some of the other Titanfall maps, the addition of canals beneath an already multi-layered level provides for a lot of potential for map traversal as well as plenty of opportunities for snipers.This all takes place in a space that appears to have the smallest footprint of any Titanfall map, ensuring that battles are always intense—like War Games, it is very easy for skirmishes to become clustered and chaotic very quickly. Runoff is definitely not representative of the best of Respawn's designs, but has a lot of potential from a gameplay perspective, especially in objective-based modes.
The last map to be added in Expedition, Swampland, is certainly going to be the dark horse of this expansion. Featuring a forest wetland aesthetic that isn't quite like anything yet offered in Titanfall, Swampland is at first glance very unassuming. The general design and placement of objectives and buildings is par-for-the-course Titanfall, but unlike existing maps Swampland has a relatively large and open central area that very much changes the expectations of the game. There are still buildings to house objectives, vertical columns from which to gain the high ground, and various trees and large rocks to hide behind, but Swampland lends itself to open engagements that thus far have been relatively uncommon in Titanfall. It's not a radical design shift, but it is a change of pace, and provides an excellent contrast to the neon future-tech vibe of War Games.
While each of the three new maps in Expedition are well designed in their own way, the question remains if three new maps added into the Titanfall rotation is truly enough for a game that many felt under-delivered in its original release. Respawn has promised more game modes, but they have yet to appear, and there has been no word at all on new weapons, titans, or any other sort of incentive to keep players online. Titanfall was and is a great game, and Titanfall's maps were and are very well designed, but does it deliver enough at a content level to truly challenge Call of Duty as the current game of choice for mainstream and professional FPS play? Probably not. Does Expedition do anything to meaningfully change that outlook? Definitely not.
The former operator of two large music sharing sites has been jailed in the United States. Rocky P. Ouprasith, 23, of Charlotte, N.C., ran RockDizMusic and RockDizFile before they were shut down by the U.S. Government in 2014. They now face a 36-month prison term, two years of supervised release, and more than $95,000 in forfeits and restitution.
In 2010, U.S. authorities launched Operation in Our Sites, an anti-piracy campaign aimed at taking copyright-infringing sites offline.
After targeting thousands of domains linked to counterfeit goods and making several arrests connected to file-sharing sites, renewed efforts last year saw the closure of two large music sites.
During October 2014, RockDizFile.com and RockDizMusic.com were taken offline to be replaced by the ICE – Homeland Security Investigations seizure banner.
Founded in 2011, RockDizMusic had acted as an index for popular new music while RockDizFile was a file-storage site serving as a storage facility for the former.
During the period of quiet following their shutdown it transpired that their operator, Rocky P. Ouprasith of Charlotte, N.C., had been arrested following the execution of an HSI search warrant.
Papers filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia last August claimed that both sites had been operated for profit, with Ouprasith sourcing pirated content online, uploading it to RockDizFile, and offering it for download on RockDizMusic.
According to the RIAA, in 2013 RockDizFile emerged “as the second largest online file-sharing site in the reproduction and distribution of infringing copies of copyrighted music in the United States.” Court documents placed the market value of the content pirated by the site at more than $6 million.
In response, Ouprasith entered a guilty plea, admitting one count of criminal copyright infringement. In return they risked five years in prison and fines of up to $250,000. Yesterday the 23-year-old was sentenced and it's bad, but not as bad it could've been.
According to the Department of Justice, Ouprasith was sentenced by Chief U.S. District Judge Rebecca Beach Smith of the Eastern District of Virginia to serve a total of 36 months in prison.
In addition, Ouprasith was sentenced to two years supervised release and was ordered to forfeit almost $51,000 and pay more than $45,000 in restitution. The latter will become payable 60 days after their release at the rate of $200.00 per month or 25% of net income, whichever is greater. No fines were imposed.
The DoJ said that Ouprasith admitted obtaining copyrighted songs and albums, some pre-release, and uploading them to RockDizFile while encouraging affiliates to do the same. Ouprasith further admitted that they paid those affiliates based on the number of times their content was downloaded from their websites.
Another apparently aggravating factor was how Ouprasith handled copyright complaints. Instead of taking down content as required, according to the DoJ they either ignored the requests or simply pretended to take remedial action.
Ouprasith's attorney, Bobby Howlett Jr. of Norfolk, told the Washington Post that while he's never happy with a custodial sentence, in this instance he's satisfied with the conclusion of the case.
“I'm happy with the outcome — of course, I don't want many of my clients to go jail and I hate that he's a young kid with no criminal history facing this, but it could've been worse,” Howlett said.
The RIAA welcomed the sentence and said that Ouprasith's incarceration should serve as a warning to others thinking of embarking on a similar venture.
“We congratulate the Department of Justice and Homeland Security Investigations and thank them for their diligence and hard work to bring to justice those who cause millions of dollars in damage to music creators,” said Brad Buckles, EVP of Anti-Piracy.
“This sentence should send a message that operating a flagrantly illegal business that steals from others by engaging in criminal activity online has real consequences.”
While three years is a long time inside for a young man, the Court did recommend that the Bureau of Prisons allows Ouprasith to “further their education towards obtaining their college degree” in a facility as “close as possible” to North Carolina.
The 23-year-old will also get time to put their affairs in order and spend Christmas with family and friends. Their sentence is set to begin on January 4, 2016.
Absolutely amazing. Even tragic. The Republicans railed against the proven failure that is Obamacare for years and voted at least half a dozen times to repeal it. It was the most important issue of the entire 2016 election. Then the GOP gained control – House, Senate, Presidency – and what happened? So far, nothing. There is no agreement on what a replacement should look like. It is entirely possible that four years from now, nothing important will have changed.
Who or what is at fault? People blame partisanship, special interests, public opinion, plots, bad leadership, annoying lobbyists, feckless careerism, the Democrats, the moderates, the conservatives, the CBO, the insufferable media, and Trump's notorious lack of interest in the details of the legislative process. But really there is only one underlying source of failure: the failure to understand.
A Real Market
The root reason why Obamacare will last the current regime is intellectual. We should take it for granted that everyone in this debate wants more, better, cheaper health care for all. The intellectual failure is a lack of clarity about how to get there.
A real free market in health care would provide affordable, high-quality health care for all, not as a matter of right, but rather as a matter of market logic.A real free market in health care would provide affordable, high-quality health care for all, not as a matter of right, but rather as a matter of market logic. How do we know? Look at any market that is largely free. The impossibly brilliant and complex smartphone went from luxury to mainstream in a mere 10 years. The same is true for millions of services, from groceries to clothing to home appliances to software. The driving logic of competitive markets is to provide universal access.
Even in other forms of health care that are free of government control, we see this trajectory. Pet care is affordable, universal, and available at so many levels. Cosmetic surgery is the same. You can get nearly anything done to your body for less than the typical deductible of standard insurance. And consider free health care markets abroad: in a place like Lebanon, prices are one-tenth of the US for great service.
In today's peer-to-peer economy, I can get a burrito delivered to my desk for $6, with no advance subscription service. I can get my groceries brought to my home for a small service fee. I have access to all the world's information in my pocket, most of it provided for free. But, at the same time, I and everyone else have to pay exorbitant fees just to gain access to simple medicines to fix a sinus problem, and even then we risk being on the hook for more money than it would take to buy a nice car.
The system is not working, but there is no mystery about what would fix it: an open and competitive market. The free market delivers prosperity to all. It would do the same with conventional health care. The evidence for this assertion is everywhere around us, so present that ideologues have to shuck and jive to deny it.
You Can't Legislate Access
Why can't we get there? The people with decision-making power lack confidence in the solution simply because doing so would require a level of understanding which they seem either incapable of or unwilling to embrace. The belief that you can legislate your goals into being has subverted the courage it would take to repeal everything that stands between us and a free market.
A particular frustration in this debate concerns the treatment of “preexisting conditions.” Politicians like Trump think it is just fine to speak and tweet about the need to preserve prohibitions protecting people with real health problems. But from this position flows the main problems in health care today.
Trump's role has been devoid of principle; they care only about the optics and not the substance of reform. The cause of our current death spiral was precisely these prohibitions. If you are telling an industry how they must deal with a certain class of consumers, all the rest of the problems follow. That's why there are the three pillars of bad and expensive health insurance: Guaranteed Issue, Community Rating, and Essential Benefits. They should be renamed: Forced Provision, Price Controls, and Production Quotas.
Put all those together and you drain the insurance market of all of its commercial features. It doesn't matter if the insurers, service providers, and payment source are all private. It is no longer private enterprise. You lock down the market and make it impossible to operate properly. Competition is drained out of the system.
Trump's Baneful Influence
Starting in their campaign and continuing throughout their presidency, Trump has made the preexisting condition mandate a condition of their support. Trump's role has been devoid of any principle but this one, because they care only about the optics and not the substance. That alone made the Republicans' job impossible. They can do nothing but generate fake bills that bluster about “repeal and replace” but don't actually do anything substantial to restore competition.
Imagine an alternative universe, one in which Trump actually understood the health care problem (and wanted to do the right thing). They might have given serious speeches on the topic. They could have boned up enough to present their point in interviews. They could have rallied the public in the same way they did on issues of immigration and trade, or the way Ronald Reagan rallied the public on tax cuts.
When you deregulate medical provision, there is nothing to stop it from being as accessible as software and groceries.Trump could have explained that the fixation on preexisting conditions is nothing more than a ruse to preserve government control that restricts access. There has to be flexibility on the part of insurers to behave like real insurance companies. They must have the freedom to decline issue, to price coverage, to offer any and every variety of plan. And yes, in the short term, some people would lose coverage. That is what happens when you impose an unsustainable plan on top of markets.
But if markets are allowed to work, this would change over time, and much more quickly than people think. New entrants would rush into the market and competition would drive down prices for everyone, regardless of preexisting conditions. Institutions would make profits by providing for these people's needs. The P2P market would get to work. When you deregulate medical provision, there is nothing to stop it from being as accessible as software and groceries.
Frederic Bastiat was the first to describe the problem. People who want to preserve the existing system are looking at the seen beneficiaries rather than the unseen costs of regulating against a free market. This amounts to a failure of imagination. The reformers have failed to comprehend – and so they cannot persuasively argue for – the creative and transformative benefits that would flow from freeing the sector.
Yes, pushing public opinion and political consensus in a certain direction does take work. But it is not hopeless.A related fundamental error is described by Henry Hazlitt: the failure to look at the effects of policies on all groups over the long run rather than merely focusing on the effects on some groups in the short run.
Yes, pushing public opinion and political consensus in a certain direction does take work. But it is not hopeless. People can learn economics. It takes focus and it takes concentration, but economics is not incomprehensible.
What is the alternative? For health care to go through the current route: falling ever-further behind the market-driven direction of history, riddled with bureaucracy and undergoing unending pressure toward the disaster of single payer. This is an intolerable result.
The failure traces to a lack of understanding and imagination at the top. There is no other choice: the repeal and replace must be done at the lower levels of society, by people with an intellectual comprehension of the stakes and the real solution.
