The Canary flies once again!
By releasing new key art for DC's Legends of Tomorrow, The CW offered fans the first look at who Caity Lotz will be playing in the Arrow-Flash spinoff—and even revealed their character's alter ego in the photo credits. Spoiler Alert: It's Sara Lance! But there's a twist: She's now the White Canary.
How is this possible? As revealed in the trailer shown at the network's upfront presentation, Sara rises out of the Lazarus Pits, the mythical hot tub with restorative powers that allowed Ra's al Ghul (Matt Nable) to live much longer than humanly possible—well, until Wednesday's Arrow finale. The pits are known to have dangerous side effects, and considering Sara was dead and buried for several months at least, this could explain why we're seeing a very different Sara than we're used to.
“There's going to be some differences,” Lotz tells EW ahead of the upfront presentation. “There's going to be some repercussions [from] whatever happened and it's definitely going to make a difference in how they are. I'm really looking forward to it. The stuff they were telling me about it and where they're going to go with the character is exciting.”
The Lazarus Pits weren't necessarily the only option for TPTB to take. But first, here's the official logline for the series: “Having seen the future, one they will desperately try to prevent from happening, time-traveling rogue Rip Hunter (Arthur Darvill) is tasked with assembling a disparate group of both heroes and villains to confront an unstoppable threat—one in which not only is the planet at stake, but all time itself. Can this ragtag team defeat an immortal threat unlike anything they have ever known?”
When the logline was first released, there was some speculation as to whether Sara was going to be pulled out of the timeline prior to their death by Rip Hunter. The inclusion of the Lazarus Pits—as EW previously speculated—appears to debunk that theory… for now. We'll have to wait a while to get the full truth, since DC's Legends of Tomorrow isn't slated to debut until midseason.
The drama—which hails from Arrow and Flash executive producers Andrew Kreisberg and Greg Berlanti, as well as Arrow boss Marc Guggenheim and Sarah Schechter—also stars Brandon Routh (Ray Palmer/The Atom), Wentworth Miller (Leonard Snart/Captain Cold), Dominic Purcell (Mick Rory, Heat Wave), Victor Garber (Martin Stein/Firestorm), Ciara Renee (Kendra Saunders, Hawkgirl) and Franz Drameh (Jay Jackson).
Additional reporting by Samantha Highfill
An eighth-grade student found themselves in hot water for buying chicken nuggets for lunch - using a $2 bill.
Danesiah Neal, an eighth grader at Fort Bend Independent School District's Christa McAuliffe Middle School outside of Houston, Texas, attempted to pay for lunch with a $2 bill given to them by their grandmother, Sharon Kay Joseph. However, cafeteria workers at the school didn't believe that it was real - they never see $2 bills, apparently - and they were sent to what Neal called "the police office." The school district has since clarified that the Fort Bend ISD has its own police department. According to Neal, the police officer told them that they could be in "big trouble" for using the bill which they believed to be counterfeit.
How much trouble? Under federal law, a person who intentionally uses counterfeit money can be sentenced to up to 20 years in prison and subject to a fine.
Some semblance of sanity eventually took over and school officials called Joseph, who confirmed that they had given the bill to their granddaughter to pay for lunch. In the meantime, the police (who apparently didn't have much else to do that day) went to the convenience store where Joseph was given the bill. They also took the bill to a local bank where it was eventually determined to be real. Phony crisis averted.
Eighth-grade chicken nugget eaters aside, counterfeit money is a problem in the U.S. with as much as $220 million in counterfeit cash thought to be circulating at any given time. And it's not a new problem. In fact, the United States Secret Service - which you and I tend to associate with protecting the President - was originally founded to fight the counterfeiting of U.S. currency in the 19th century. When it was formed on July 5, 1865, the Secret Service was actually part of the Department of the Treasury, just like Internal Revenue Service (IRS). It wasn't until 2003 when it became part of the Department of Homeland Security, though it still plays a role in the fight against counterfeit bills.
The first $2 bill was used in March 1862, three years before the advent of the Secret Service. It was pretty popular for about 100 years but in 1966, the government decided to discontinue the $2 bill from production, citing a lack of interest. Ten years later, however, the bill was brought back into circulation with a new design: Thomas Jefferson on the front and John Trumbull's depiction of the drafting of the United States Declaration of Independence on the back.
Today, $2 bills are still being printed: there are about 1.2 billion $2 bills currently being circulated. That seems like a lot but consider this: out of the $1.2 trillion worth of coins and bills in circulation, less than 0.1% of them are $2 bills (with respect to actual bills, not including coins, the statistic is closer to 3%).
The design of the $2 bill has remained the same since the note was re-issued in 1976. The U.S. government redesigns bills for security reasons and to make it hard for thieves to counterfeit bills. So why not redesign the $2 bill? According to the government, which has no plans to redesign the bill, it's "because the $2 note is infrequently counterfeited."
Tell that to Neal. Them $2 bill was eventually returned. They did not, however, get their chicken nuggets for lunch that day.
(Here's how to tell if your $2 bill is a fake.)
(Author's update: The district's communication officer responded to me this evening. They wanted to clarify that "the concern presented was not whether a two-dollar bill was legal tender, but whether the bill presented was real or counterfeit, due to a pen that was used by a cafeteria worker to detect possible counterfeit bills." They went to say that "[w]ithin the same day of receiving the report, the investigating officer at that time, confirmed that the bill was not counterfeit, and there was never any criminal charge/referral as your article seems to suggest." By way of clarification, I did not suggest that any criminal charges were filed, but I did report that that a person identified as a police officer allegedly told Ms. Neal that they could be "in big trouble." The district spokesperson went on to say that "this was all handled at the school-level two years ago by an officer who was assigned to the campus at that time." I have corrected the article to clarify that point. The district did not answer my remaining questions. I am, however, linking to a statement on the front page of the school's website addressing concerns about counterfeit bills at the school.)
Pointman DEFAULT WEAPON: 1911 PISTOL Armed with only a handgun, the Pointman moves quickly and is ideally used as the 1st man through the door. They can easily negotiate corners and engage targets at close to mid range, and can interact with objects and doors without suffering a penalty in accuracy.
Assaulter DEFAULT WEAPON: M4 STYLE CARBINE + G17 PISTOL Armed with Carbines or Submachineguns, Assaulter are the backbone of any SWAT force. They can fight their way through any encounter normally met in the urban environment and are very good at handling medium and long ranges.
Breacher DEFAULT WEAPON: M590 PUMP ACTION SHOTGUN + G17 PISTOL Packing a shotgun, the Breacher can open their way through most locked doors and doesn't require any setup time before doing so. They can handle their own in close combat too, but watch out for collateral damage.
Shield DEFAULT WEAPON: M&P .40 PISTOL Bearing a ballistic shield to cover their front arc, this trooper can gain ground on the bad guys without exposing themselves – as long as their flanks are covered. They can hold and shoot a handgun one-handed, but don't expect neither speed nor accuracy from him.
How To...Build Flight Controls
How To...Build Flight Controls By Lolke Doornik
After buying and using several plastic joysticks I wanted to make my own, more sturdy flight controls, usable for GA aircraft and helicopters. This is what I made. You can use this article as a starting point for building your own version. Always check measurements, mine may not work for you.
Main Components:
MDF fibreboard 18mm
Ball bearings used in inline-skates
8mm steel rod
Some aluminium pipe with inner diam. 8 mm.
15 mm. steel central heating pipe
22 mm. central heating pipe
10 K potentiometers
Plastic cog wheels, mine have 50 cogs/ 10 cogs
Metal strips to make brackets for the potentiometers
A second hand car seat
Some screws, bolts and nuts
Heavy-duty glue for construction (wood/metal)
Base Unit
This is made from MDF 18mm, glued and screwed to make a sturdy base. The blue edged part is removable (screwed only with 4 screws) and the base for a car seat.
Joystick
To this base unit connects a "box" for the joystick. In this box are holes for the ball bearings and the ends of the axis. For maintenance better not glue these parts.
Stick Assembly
Stick is made from 15mm central heating pipe with a steel rod of diameter 8mm soldered or welded into a cross shape. Length of the stick depends mainly on how much space jou have under your table. The longer the stick, the more precise its movement.
The stick is clamped between four pieces of MDF with holes for bearings, axis and bolts (M6x60). Three pieces are glued together and the 8mm rod for the ailerons-axis is inserted and glued in one piece. When the glue has dried cut away the centre piece of the (aileron) rod. This way the remaining two pieces are perfectly aligned.
For keeping the stick centered a spring is used that pulls down from the floor of the base unit. Length, tension, stick length under the pivot point is trial and error.
Rudder
The rudder assembly is detachable by removing four screws. The rudderbar is made from 22mm central heating pipe soldered or welded through it is a piece of 8 mm steel rod. Centering: two springs. When you do this with tie wraps you can center the bar perfectly by sliding a tie wrap inwards or outwards (look at photo at the beginning).
To keep the rudder at they right height there is a piece of pipe (inner diameter 8 mm) slid on the rod (pink in the picture), between the lower bearings, with a screw to keep it in place.
Throttle
Again a box and a steel cross shape. I planned to use a bolt on the metal rod for friction but that didn't work (too much stress on the parts). My son came up with a window retainer that works on friction. You can see it in the photo at the beginning. This system is perfect for me.
Important Details
The bearings always have a washer on both sides (white in the picture). Some have more washers to retain parts.
The metal rod has a small piece of pipe (diameter 8mm) glued on top (red in the picture), to center the cogwheel.
The metal rods have a hole into the front face (drilled) with thread M4 to fasten the cogwheel with a bolt M4 (be sure to drill this hole exactly in the centre of this face!).
The small cogwheels are glued to the shaft of the potentiometer. And there is a groove in both the shaft and cogwheel in witch a smal piece of metal wire is pushed.
Optional
I purchased an old serial joystick, took it apart and adapted the handgrip and buttons for use in this project. And made a control box on the right side.
Electric
This howto is focused on the mechanical aspect of the cockpit. To complete this project you need an interface (see links below) and wire it all up. Instructions you can find on the internet.
Links:
Cogwheels: www.pmot.nl
Interface: www.leobodnar.com (BU0836 or the a/x version) or you could build an MJOY from the howto section of www.flightsim.com
Parts: www.voti.nl
Lolke Doornik
[email protected]
Download Sketchup model of controls
Hello People and Welcome!
After striking out with my first solo album under my own name in 2012, I've nearly finished work on my next LP. Everyone who bought and said such good things about Outside In has my deep gratitude, and now I'm hoping you'll come on board and spread the word with me once again.
Whilst writing They Are Nothing Without Us I decided to leave the piano behind, for the most part, with all 13 songs being written on the guitar. It was a conscious decision as I wanted to pump up the volume to reflect the things I believe need to be said. With your help this can happen and I can get these messages, and the tunes out into the world to as many listeners as possible.
If the last one was a so called ‘love songs' album then I guess this is my protest album. It's about shouting up, exercising your voice, being pissed off and urging people not to take any more shit. The elite continue to exploit, politicians continue to misrepresent whilst the media continue to manipulate and bankers, well we all know what rhymes with bankers! It's time we face the consequences of our actions, we are all responsible.
I've teamed up with PledgeMusic to offer you a number of exclusive, rare goodies and VIP experiences. No matter what you're pledge, you will automatically receive a download of the album plus exclusive content direct from me. I will post videos, MP3s, blogs and possibly even a sneak preview of the album, so you can watch my progress and be part of the story. No money will be debited from your bank account until I reach 100% of my target.
A percentage of the proceeds will also go to https://www.coolearth.org a charity that works with local communities to secure rainforests at risk of being destroyed within the next 18 months.
I hope you can join me. There's strength in numbers!
In Solidarity.
Cian Ciarán.
Lehmann: We'll pick the best XI to win at Lord's
England paceman James Anderson has revealed Australia refused to share a drink with the home side following their crushing defeat in the first Ashes Test.
England won the first Test by 169 runs, with more than a day to spare, at Cardiff on Saturday to go 1-0 up in the five-match series heading into Thursday's second Test at Lord's.
Quick Single: Cardiff loss wake-up call we needed: Lehmann
Anderson said England and New Zealand had shared drinks, regardless of results, following both matches in their drawn 1-1 Test series in England earlier this season.
England captain Alastair Cook invited Australia counterpart Michael Clarke and their side into the home dressing room after England' emphatic fourth day win but was rebuffed.
Anderson, England's record Test wicket-taker, was at a loss to explain why.
Quick Single: Warner backs Watson ahead of second Test
"That's their (the Australians) prerogative," they said.
"After the New Zealand series, we had a beer after each game with them.
"We found that was quite an enjoyable thing, just to chew the fat after a hard Test. It didn't matter whether we won or lost.
Quick Single: 'I'm ready to play at Lord's': Cummins
"At Headingley (where England lost to end the series all square at 1-1), we still went into their dressing room and had a beer with them.
"It's Cooky's idea. He's the captain, they went and asked them. We were all happy to do it. I don't know why they (the Australians) didn't come in."
Quick Single: McGrath cautions against reactive changes
Having a drink with your opponents after the end of a match has been a part of all levels of cricket, and especially Australian cricket, for generations.
Indeed during the 2005 Ashes series, widely regarded as one of cricket's greatest contests, the teams split a beer after each match.
However, then Australia captain Ricky Ponting said afterwards that what they felt was an excessively friendly atmosphere contributed to their side's defeat.
In recent years in Test cricket, the practice has been for teams to share a drink at the end of a series but not during.
Anderson's new-ball partner Stuart Broad was less concerned about the Australians' decision after the Cardiff Test.
"I think there was talk of potentially having a drink after each Test," Broad said at a Hardys Wine event in London.
"But the modern way generally in the series I've played in is you have a beer after the series.
"Certainly in my dad's day it was every night."
Green Party MP Caroline Lucas is to stand for the leadership of their party as part of a job share.
Ms Lucas, who previously led their party between 2008 and 2012, will run for the post jointly with Jonathan Bartley, the party's welfare spokesperson.
The pair hope to succeed Natalie Bennett, who said they would not be re-standing for leader at the end of their current term this summer.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
The MP and their running-mate say they want to build a one-off “progressive alliance” at the next election to defeat the Conservatives.
Such a plan could potentially see the Green Party and Labour standing down in each other's marginal seats or choosing a unity candidate in order to beat the Conservatives.
A suggested condition of such a pact has been electoral reform and the introduction of proportional representation.
Ms Lucas said job sharing for the role would allow them to focus on their constituents in Brighton while leading the party.
“Jonathan and I are seeking nominations as co-leaders because we believe that by sharing power and working together we'll be more effective than either of us would alone,” they said.
Shape Created with Sketch. Policies: Where the Greens stand on the major issues Show all 13 left Created with Sketch. right Created with Sketch. Shape Created with Sketch. Policies: Where the Greens stand on the major issues 1/13 Taxes Wealth tax of up to 2 per cent on the assets of 300,000 people who are worth more than £3m, the country's richest 1 per cent Corbis 2/13 Wages National minimum wage to be lifted to living-wage levels and to reach £10 an hour by 2020. Would also “curb boardroom excesses” by linking salaries at the top of companies to pay at the bottom Getty 3/13 Pensions End pensioner poverty by introducing a weekly “citizen's pension” of £170 for a single person and £300 for a couple Getty 4/13 Energy Targets and timetables for improving efficiency and reducing greenhouse-gas emissions across all sectors. Wants electricity use to be reduced by a third by 2020, by half by 2030 and two-thirds by 2050 REX FEATURES 5/13 Health Accuses Labour and Tory governments of introducing privatisation by stealth into the NHS. Pledges to “maintain a publicly funded, publicly provided health service” Getty 6/13 Education Money would be allocated to schools according to their needs rather than their status. Schools which remain in the private sector would be classed as businesses, have all charitable status removed and pay taxes Getty 7/13 Railways Bring railway network back into public hands as franchises expire or if companies break the terms of their agreements Getty 8/13 Immigration Rules would be “based on the principle of fair and prompt treatment of applicants rather than on excluding dishonest applicants whatever the cost to the honest ones” Getty Images 9/13 Food Minimise transport of food and other agricultural products by supporting local food distribution and pressing for transport costs, especially air freight, to fully reflect environmental impact Creative Commons 10/13 Farming Phase out all “factory farming” and support a transition to small, free-range units, mixed rotational farming and extensive grazing. Would ban battery farming of poultry Getty 11/13 Genetic engineering Moratorium on the release of genetically modified organisms (GMOs) into the environment and on the importation of food and feed containing GMOs, pending comprehensive assessment of the technology's safety Getty 12/13 Cannabis Possession, trade and cultivation of cannabis would be immediately decriminalised. Trade in cannabis would be examined by a Royal Commission, with a view to establishing a fully legalised and regulated trade Reuters 13/13 Housing Reform housing benefit to give greater help to poorer tenants and to prevent eviction or repossession of either private tenants or homeowners Getty 1/13 Taxes Wealth tax of up to 2 per cent on the assets of 300,000 people who are worth more than £3m, the country's richest 1 per cent Corbis 2/13 Wages National minimum wage to be lifted to living-wage levels and to reach £10 an hour by 2020. Would also “curb boardroom excesses” by linking salaries at the top of companies to pay at the bottom Getty 3/13 Pensions End pensioner poverty by introducing a weekly “citizen's pension” of £170 for a single person and £300 for a couple Getty 4/13 Energy Targets and timetables for improving efficiency and reducing greenhouse-gas emissions across all sectors. Wants electricity use to be reduced by a third by 2020, by half by 2030 and two-thirds by 2050 REX FEATURES 5/13 Health Accuses Labour and Tory governments of introducing privatisation by stealth into the NHS. Pledges to “maintain a publicly funded, publicly provided health service” Getty 6/13 Education Money would be allocated to schools according to their needs rather than their status. Schools which remain in the private sector would be classed as businesses, have all charitable status removed and pay taxes Getty 7/13 Railways Bring railway network back into public hands as franchises expire or if companies break the terms of their agreements Getty 8/13 Immigration Rules would be “based on the principle of fair and prompt treatment of applicants rather than on excluding dishonest applicants whatever the cost to the honest ones” Getty Images 9/13 Food Minimise transport of food and other agricultural products by supporting local food distribution and pressing for transport costs, especially air freight, to fully reflect environmental impact Creative Commons 10/13 Farming Phase out all “factory farming” and support a transition to small, free-range units, mixed rotational farming and extensive grazing. Would ban battery farming of poultry Getty 11/13 Genetic engineering Moratorium on the release of genetically modified organisms (GMOs) into the environment and on the importation of food and feed containing GMOs, pending comprehensive assessment of the technology's safety Getty 12/13 Cannabis Possession, trade and cultivation of cannabis would be immediately decriminalised. Trade in cannabis would be examined by a Royal Commission, with a view to establishing a fully legalised and regulated trade Reuters 13/13 Housing Reform housing benefit to give greater help to poorer tenants and to prevent eviction or repossession of either private tenants or homeowners Getty
“Over the past 4 years I've become ever more aware that the challenges facing my constituents in Brighton can only be fully addressed by completely changing not just the damaging policies of this Government, but the way we do politics itself. That's why our bid for leadership is centred on going beyond politics as usual.”
Mr Bartley said the Greens could stand down in a “handful” of seats in exchange for political reform but only if local parties agreed the move.
“The one-off 2020 progressive pacts we're talking about must be done on a case by case basis, as agreed by local parties – and will have at its core a commitment to a fair voting system,” they said.
“If it happened it would only be in a handful of seats – but it could make all the difference. Time is up for the two-party system – we want to seize this moment to create a new kind of politics.”
Mr Bartley stood in South London's Streatham constituency in 2015, gaining around 9 per cent of the vote – up 7.1 per cent.
Ms Lucas is the MP for Brighton Pavilion. They were first elected in 2010 but in 2015 increased their majority to around 8,000 votes.
Green Party leaders are elected on two year terms. The post was created in 2007; before that point the party had two “principal speakers”, one man and one woman.
At the last election the party won 3.8 per cent of the vote and over a million votes. This was up from 265,000 votes and 0.9 per cent in 2010, though the party stood in more seats than it previously had done.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now.
Thinking about buying a chemistry set for someone this Christmas? A nostalgic look at an inspirational toy that could be on the verge of a comeback
Thinking about buying a chemistry set for someone this Christmas? A nostalgic look at an inspirational toy that could be on the verge of a comeback
Chemistry sets just aren't what they used to be. The days of stinks in sinks and bangs in basements are well and truly gone, but are certainly not forgotten. Just take a look at the biographies of distinguished chemists: more often than not, their fond memories of childhood are strewn with broken glass, tinted with spectacular colours and reek of sulfurous smells.
A personal experience of chemical reactions is crucial to get children interested in science, argues author and neurologist Oliver Sacks, whose 'Uncle Tungsten', the owner of a lightbulb factory, introduced them to the wonders of experimentation at an early age. 'I do not think that there can be any adequate substitute for having a chemistry set or a little chemistry lab and doing experiments oneself,' says Sacks, 'thinking them out, taking responsibility for them and occasionally facing risks too.'
But in these safety-conscious and litigious times, this is far from easy. 'There are "chemistry sets" on sale today that simply don't contain any chemicals,' says Rosanne DiVernieri, Collections Coordinator at the Chemical Heritage Foundation in Philadelphia, US and curator of an ongoing exhibition on chemistry sets. There is just no comparison between modern sets and those from the 1940s and 1950s - the heyday of the chemistry set.
'Back then, children were experimenting with everything they could get their hands on, they were given free rein of their garages and basements and occasionally blew them up,' they say. So popular was the chemistry set during this period set, that manufacturers frequently boasted there was one in 'every house on every street in America'.
Austere beginnings
The origin of this quintessentially 20th century phenomenon can be traced back to the chemical chest, a beautifully crafted and exorbitantly expensive piece of portable kit manufactured from the early 18th century onwards. At first, these chests, which held everything from complex glassware and ceramic vessels to pre-packaged chemical preparations and reagents, were aimed at a serious and seriously niche market: as one early manufacturer put it in 1730, 'to facilitate and promote the Practice of Chemistry by putting a commodious Laboratory into the hands of Gentlemen'.
But new markets soon emerged, with mineralogists, metallurgists and medical students all standing to benefit from this mobile, must-have laboratory. And as the price for a portable chest began to tumble, a new and impressionable kind of consumer stepped forward and dug a youthful hand into its pocket.
The first chemistry sets targeted exclusively at children appeared in the 1830s, says Salim Al-Gailani, a graduate historian of science at Cambridge University, UK. 'As soon as chemical manufacturers began marketing towards children they had to invent ways to make chemicals more appealing.' A good way to do this was to draw on the Victorian obsession with magic, they say.
Chemistry and conjuring were so closely bound up that an 1881 copy of Boy's Own Paper went so far as to suggest that 'most so-called magical illusions are chemistry experiments,' says Al-Gailani. With children desperate to make their own fireworks, experiment with disappearing inks and perform colour-changing tricks, publishers began to cash in. Towards the end of the century, a rash of handbooks, manuals and penny pamphlets appeared that taught children 'chemical magic' of the sort taking place in the music halls around Britain, they say.
Flashes and bangs
But the outbreak of the First World War took its toll on this kind of recreational chemistry, particularly in Europe. This might explain how two American companies - Porter Chemcraft and A C Gilbert - came to dominate the story of the chemistry set from around 1920 right up until 1960. Indeed, if you owned a set in this period, there's a very good chance it was made by one or other of these manufacturers, says John Tyler, a retired science teacher, keen collector of chemistry sets and author of The Chemcraft Story: The Legacy of Harold Porter.
Both companies employed sophisticated marketing techniques to push their products on children and parents alike. 'Experimenter today, scientist tomorrow,' promised Porter Chemcraft right up to the 1950s, when its slogan became even more aspirational: 'Porter Science prepares young America for world leadership.' This shift is reflected in the images used on the boxes. Early on, most sets showed a stereotypical laboratory scene, often with a boy holding up a test tube. By the late 1950s, however, this domestic setting had been replaced by distant horizons, rocket ships and nuclear symbols.
Harold Porter set up clubs for the owners of Porter Chemcraft sets, giving members fancy certificates, sending out monthly newsletters and publishing experiments the children had designed, says Tyler. 'It was clever stuff.' Alfred Carlton Gilbert, who became known as 'the man who saved Christmas', also encouraged children to undertake their own experiments and in 1937 launched a $100 prize for the 'boy chemist of the year'.
This focus on boys is pretty typical of the early sets, says DiVernieri. 'They were almost exclusively aimed at young boys in an effort to get them interested in science,' they say. Girls did eventually get their own dedicated sets in the late 1960s and early 1970s. But with pink packaging and contents that nudged girls towards careers as lab technicians rather than scientists, they were clearly products of their time.
The messy aftermath
As science began to contend with the sinister side of its image, chemistry sets fell from grace. 'A greater focus on safety and the emergence of environmental and anti-nuclear movements in the 1960s, caused people to question whether free-range science should be marketed towards children,' says DiVernieri.
The deaths of Gilbert and Harold Porter in 1961 and 1963, respectively, also had an impact. 'When the principals were gone, there was no real drive or direction to their companies,' says Tyler. A series of high-profile lawsuits in the 1970s only made matters worse. In spite of safety warnings plastered all over the boxes, accidents were bound to happen. 'There was nothing dangerous about the chemicals themselves,' says Tyler. 'It's how they were used - put anything into a test-tube, stick a cork stopper on top, apply heat et voila you've got a potential lawsuit.'
It's hard to see how the chemistry set can return from this low point. 'Not in America,' says Sacks, 'where there is a sort of nursery atmosphere, and a hysteria about risks and insurance.' Conceivably, they say, a virtual set courtesy of the internet or a 'nano set' containing minute quantities of reagents could give children a safe introduction to chemistry. 'But if chemistry sets or something equivalent cannot come back, a certain realm of childhood may be lost forever.'
DiVernieri is more upbeat. 'We're going to see a resurgence of the kind of sets produced in the 1950s,' they predict. 'With the rise of home-schooling and the emergence of alternative schools, particularly in the US, more and more people will demand sets that can be used at home, but that don't [disadvantage] their children when it comes to science education.' If chemistry sets are about to reinvent themselves for the 21st century, they will almost certainly be coupled up with some kind of web-based interactive element, they suggest. Let's hope she's right.
Henry Nicholls is a science writer based in London, UK
Bishop Hill Writes:
Email 2383 contains further evidence that everyone in the world of paleoclimate knew the Hockey Stick was a duffer.
From: Tim Barnett [[2]mailto:XXXXXXXXXXX@ucsd.edu] Sent: 11 October 2004 16:42 To: Gabi Hegerl; Klaus Hasselmann Cc: Prof.Dr. Hans von Storch; Myles Allen; francis; Reiner Schnur; Phil Jones; Tom Crowley; Nathan Gillett; David Karoly; Jesse Kenyon; christopher.d.miller@noaa.gov; Pennell, William T; Tett, Simon; Ben Santer; Karl Taylor; Stott, Peter; Bamzai, Anjuli Subject: Re: spring meeting not to be a troublemaker but……if we are going to really get into the paleo stuff, maybe someone(s) ought to have another look at Mann's paper. Their statistics were suspect as i remember. for instance, i seem to remember they used, say, 4 EOFs as predictors. But they prescreened them and threw one away because it was not useful. then made a model with the remaining three, ignoring the fact they had originally considered 4 predictors. They never added an artifical skill measure to account for this but based significance on 3 predictors. Might not make any difference. My memory is probably faulty on these issues, but to be completely even handed we ought to be sure we agree with their procedures. best, tim
It's interesting how much evidence there is now that the Hockey Stick was known to be a problem. Perhaps readers can help collate a list of emails making this point.
NAS panel review of hockeysticks prompted by McIntyre and McKitrick.
#1104 -Heinz Wanner – on reporting their NAS panel critique of Mann to the media.
I just refused to give an exclusive interview to SPIEGEL because I will not cause damage for climate science.
#1656 Douglas Maraun – on how to react to skeptics.
How should we deal with flaws inside the climate community? I think, that “our” reaction on the errors found in Mike Mann's work were not especially honest.
#3234 Richard Alley
Taking the recent instrumental record and the tree-ring record and joining them yields a dramatic picture, with rather high confidence that recent times are anomalously warm. Taking strictly the tree-ring record and omitting the instrumental record yields a less-dramatic picture and a lower confidence that the recent temperatures are anomalous.
Paleoclimate and hide the decline
#0300
Bo Christiansen – On Hockey stick reconstructions
All methods strongly underestimates the amplitude of low-frequency variability and trends. This means that it is almost impossible to conclude from reconstruction studies that the present period is warmer than any period in the reconstructed period.
Ed Cook #3253
the results of this study will show that we can probably say a fair bit about <100 year extra-tropical NH temperature variability (at least as far as we believe the proxy estimates), but honestly know fuck-all about what the >100 year variability was like with any certainty (i.e. we know with certainty that we know fuck-all).
#4133 Johnathan Overpeck – IPCC review.
what Mike Mann continually fails to understand, and no amount of references will solve, is that there is practically no reliable tropical data for most of the time period, and without knowing the tropical sensitivity, we have no way of knowing how cold (or warm)the globe actually got.
[and later]
Unsatisfying, perhaps, since people will want to know whether 1200 AD was warmer than today, but if the data doesn't exist, the question can't yet be answered. A good topic for needed future work.
Rob Wilson – 1583
The palaeo-world has become a much more complex place in the last 10 years and with all the different calibration methods, data processing methods, proxy interpretations – any method that incorporates all forms of uncertainty and error will undoubtedly result in reconstructions with wider error bars than we currently have. These many be more honest, but may not be too helpful for model comparison attribution studies. We need to be careful with the wording I think.
#3234 Richard Alley – on NAS panel and divergence
records, or some other records such as Rosanne's new ones, show “divergence”, then I believe it casts doubt on the use of joined tree-ring/instrumental records, and I don't believe that I have yet heard why this interpretation is wrong.
#4758 Tim Osborne – Criticizing other people for doing the same thing
Because how can we be critical of Crowley for throwing out 40-years in the middle of their calibration, when we're throwing out all post-1960 data ‘cos the MXD has a non-temperature signal in it, and also all pre-1881 or pre-1871 data ‘cos the temperature data may have a non-temperature signal in it! If we write the Holocene forum article then we'll have to be critical or our paper as well as Crowley's!
#0497 – Phil Jones UEA – Scientists don't know the magnitude of past warming.
Even though the tree-ring chronologies used have robust rbar statistics for the whole 1000 years ( ie they lose nothing because core numbers stay high throughout), they have lost low frequency because of standardization. We've all tried with RCS/very stiff splines/hardly any detrending to keep this to a minimum, but until we know it is minimal it is still worth mentioning.
#0886 Jan Esper on their own reconstruction – also hidden decline
And the curve will also show that the IPCC curve needs to be improved according to missing long-term declining trends/signals, which were removed (by dendrochronologists!) before Mann merged the local records together.
Tiim Osborne 4007
Also we have applied a completely artificial adjustment to the data after 1960, so they look closer to observed temperatures than the tree-ring data actually were
Tim Osborne #2347
Also, we set all post-1960 values to missing in the MXD data set (due to decline), and the method will infill these, estimating them from the real temperatures – another way of “correcting” for the decline, though may be not defensible!
#3234 Richard Alley
Unless the “divergence problem” can be confidently ascribed to some cause that was not active a millennium ago, then the comparison between tree rings from a millennium ago and instrumental records from the last decades does not seem to be justified, and the confidence level in the anomalous nature of the recent warmth is lowered.
I think the best way to sum up all of this is a quote from a guest post at tAV and DieKlimazweibel by Bo Christiansen:
Where does all this lead us? It is very likely that the NH mean temperature has shown much larger past variability than caught by previous reconstructions. We cannot from these reconstructions conclude that the previous 50-year period has been unique in the context of the last 500-1000 years.
Of course we all know that the IPCC reports differently.
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Description
This generator will roll up treasure parcels for individual creatures in D&D 5th Edition. Select the CR range of the creatures, followed by the numbers of creatures, and then click Execute Generator. This will generate and display treasure for each individual creature, as well as the total sorted by coin type. The first two Treasure Hoards are also available. I will add the last two hoards as time permits.
NOTE: After running the generator, please do not click "Execute Again" with anything other than "1 time" selected. That is a separate function of the O.G.R.E. system that I cannot disable. It will cause the generator to run that many times, for X creatures each time. The results... may not be what you expect.
Changelog: 0.9
* fixed small error that caused Total Value to display as 1 GP higher than it should
Custom Options: TreasureType : Individual Treasure CR 0-4 Individual Treasure CR 5-10 Individual Treasure CR 11-16 Individual Treasure CR 17+ Treasure Hoard CR 0-4 Treasure Hoard CR 5-10 NumberOfRolls : 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20
Generator Reference
Copy this to use in another generator or table
You must be logged in to run generators!
Tab for vets' medicinal pot jumps to $4.3M
OTTAWA – The cost of providing medical marijuana to the country's injured soldiers under a Veterans Affairs program jumped to more than $4.3 million this fiscal year, an increase of 10 times what was spent last year.
And the number of ex-soldiers eligible for taxpayer-funded, prescribed pot more than quadrupled to 601 patients.
At the beginning of the last budget year there were 116 eligible veterans.
A briefing note prepared for former veterans minister Julian Fantino says, in 2013-14, the government spent $417,000 on medical marijuana for soldiers.
The massive increases may represent a conundrum for Health Canada, which routinely warns against marijuana use, and the ruling Conservatives who've ridiculed Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau's campaign for overall legalization of marijuana.
In a statement, Veterans Affairs spokesperson Janice Summerby stood beside the program, saying the government doesn't endorse or promote the use of marijuana, but it's there to support eligible veterans who have a prescription.
Of the 4,000 Americans waiting for heart transplants, only 2,500 will receive new hearts in the next year. Even for those lucky enough to get a transplant, the biggest risk is the their bodies will reject the new heart and launch a massive immune reaction against the foreign cells. To combat the problems of organ shortage and decrease the chance that a patient's body will reject it, researchers have been working to create synthetic organs from patients' own cells. Now a team of scientists from Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School has gotten one step closer, using adult skin cells to regenerate functional human heart tissue, according to a study published recently in the journal Circulation Research.
Ideally, scientists would be able to grow working hearts from patients' own tissues, but they're not quite there yet. That's because organs have a particular architecture. It's easier to grow them in the lab if they have a scaffolding on which the cells can build, like building a house with the frame already constructed.
In their previous work, the scientists created a technique in which they use a detergent solution to strip a donor organ of cells that might set off an immune response in the recipient. They did that in mouse hearts, but for this study, the researchers used it on human hearts. They stripped away many of the cells on 73 donor hearts that were deemed unfit for transplantation. Then the researchers took adult skin cells and used a new technique with messenger RNA to turn them into pluripotent stem cells, the cells that can become specialized to any type of cell in the human body, and then induced them to become two different types of cardiac cells.
After making sure the remaining matrix would provide a strong foundation for new cells, the researchers put the induced cells into them. For two weeks they infused the hearts with a nutrient solution and allowed them to grow under similar forces to those a heart would be subject to inside the human body. After those two weeks, the hearts contained well-structured tissue that looked similar to immature hearts; when the researchers gave the hearts a shock of electricity, they started beating.
While this isn't the first time heart tissue has been grown in the lab, it's the closest researchers have come to their end goal: Growing an entire working human heart. But the researchers admit that they're not quite ready to do that. They are next planning to improve their yield of pluripotent stem cells (a whole heart would take tens of billions, one researcher said in a press release), find a way to help the cells mature more quickly, and perfecting the body-like conditions in which the heart develops. In the end, the researchers hope that they can create individualized hearts for their patients so that transplant rejection will no longer be a likely side effect.
Please keep on checking this page for further details on the events organised leading up to the l-Istrina Day on 26 December 2013 L-Istrina is Malta's major charity event, and is organised by The Malta Community Chest Fund. Help us make this year's edition a greater success! The Malta Community. . . . .
Please keep on checking this page for further details on the events organised leading up to the l-Istrina Day on 26 December 2013
L-Istrina is Malta's major charity event, and is organised by The Malta Community Chest Fund. Help us make this year's edition a greater success!
The Malta Community Chest Fund is a charitable institution chaired by The President of Malta. The President's wife is the Deputy Chairperson. The aim of the institution is to help philanthropic institutions and more importantly, the individuals with different needs. The Fund does not receive any funds from the Government. However, throughout the year, various activities such as balls and concerts are organised by the Fund and also by the Office of The President to raise funds. The Malta Community Chest Fund also relies on the generosity of corporate companies and the general public for the collection of money.
The Malta Community Chest Fund is very busy organising one event after the other starting with the Publication Tisjir mill-Qalb (Cooking from the Heart), followed by a Fine Arts Auction, The President's Charity Fun Run and Paqpaqli g?all-Istrina. All these events lead to the l-Istrina day which is on the 26th December, aired live on all local TV and radio stations between midday and midnight.
(Last Updated On: January 22, 2019)
Introduction
As simple as JPA annotations might be, it's not always obvious how efficient they are behind the scenes. In this article, I'm going to show you what is the best way to use the JPA @ManyToMany annotation when using Hibernate.
Domain Model
Assuming we have the following database tables:
A typical many-to-many database association includes two parent tables which are linked through a third one containing two Foreign Keys referencing the parent tables.
Using java.util.List
The first choice for many Java developers is to use a java.util.List for Collections that don't entail any specific ordering.
@Entity(name = "Post") @Table(name = "post") public class Post { @Id @GeneratedValue private Long id; private String title; public Post() {} public Post(String title) { this.title = title; } @ManyToMany(cascade = { CascadeType.PERSIST, CascadeType.MERGE }) @JoinTable(name = "post_tag", joinColumns = @JoinColumn(name = "post_id"), inverseJoinColumns = @JoinColumn(name = "tag_id") ) private List<Tag> tags = new ArrayList<>(); //Getters and setters ommitted for brevity public void addTag(Tag tag) { tags.add(tag); tag.getPosts().add(this); } public void removeTag(Tag tag) { tags.remove(tag); tag.getPosts().remove(this); } @Override public boolean equals(Object o) { if (this == o) return true; if (!(o instanceof Post)) return false; return id != null && id.equals(((Post) o).id); } @Override public int hashCode() { return 31; } } @Entity(name = "Tag") @Table(name = "tag") public class Tag { @Id @GeneratedValue private Long id; @NaturalId private String name; @ManyToMany(mappedBy = "tags") private List<Post> posts = new ArrayList<>(); public Tag() {} public Tag(String name) { this.name = name; } //Getters and setters ommitted for brevity @Override public boolean equals(Object o) { if (this == o) return true; if (o == null || getClass() != o.getClass()) return false; Tag tag = (Tag) o; return Objects.equals(name, tag.name); } @Override public int hashCode() { return Objects.hash(name); } }
There are several aspects to note on the asupervisorstioned mapping that are worth explaining:
The tags association in the Post entity only defines the PERSIST and MERGE cascade types. As explained in this article, the REMOVE entity state transition doesn't make any sense for a @ManyToMany JPA association since it could trigger a chain deletion that would ultimately wipe both sides of the association. As explained in this article, the add/remove utility methods are mandatory if you use bidirectional associations so that you can make sure that both sides of the association are in sync. The Post entity uses the entity identifier for equality since it lacks any unique business key. As explained in this article, you can use the entity identifier for equality as long as you make sure that it stays consistent across all entity state transitions. The Tag entity has a unique business key which is marked with the Hibernate-specific @NaturalId annotation. When that's the case, the unique business key is the best candidate for equality checks. The mappedBy attribute of the posts association in the Tag entity marks that, in this bidirectional relationship, the Post entity own the association. This is needed since only one side can own a relationship, and changes are only propagated to the database from this particular side.
For more details about the @NaturalId annotation, check out this article.
Although the mapping is correct from a JPA perspective, from a database perspective, it's not efficient at all. To understand why it is so, you need to log and analyze the automated generated SQL statements.
Considering we have the following entities:
final Long postId = doInJPA(entityManager -> { Post post1 = new Post("JPA with Hibernate"); Post post2 = new Post("Native Hibernate"); Tag tag1 = new Tag("Java"); Tag tag2 = new Tag("Hibernate"); post1.addTag(tag1); post1.addTag(tag2); post2.addTag(tag1); entityManager.persist(post1); entityManager.persist(post2); return post1.id; });
When removing a Tag entity from a Post :
doInJPA(entityManager -> { Tag tag1 = new Tag("Java"); Post post1 = entityManager.find(Post.class, postId); post1.removeTag(tag1); });
Hibernate generates the following SQL statements:
SELECT p.id AS id1_0_0_, t.id AS id1_2_1_, p.title AS title2_0_0_, t.name AS name2_2_1_, pt.post_id AS post_id1_1_0__, pt.tag_id AS tag_id2_1_0__ FROM post p INNER JOIN post_tag pt ON p.id = pt.post_id INNER JOIN tag t ON pt.tag_id = t.id WHERE p.id = 1 DELETE FROM post_tag WHERE post_id = 1 INSERT INTO post_tag ( post_id, tag_id ) VALUES ( 1, 3 )
So, instead of deleting just one post_tag entry, Hibernate removes all post_tag rows associated to the given post_id and reinserts the remaining ones back afterward. This is not efficient at all because it's extra work for the database, especially for recreating indexes associated with the underlying Foreign Keys.
For this reason, it's not a good idea to use the java.util.List for @ManyToMany JPA associations.
Using java.util.Set
Instead of a List , we can use a Set .
The Post entity tags association will be changed as follows:
@ManyToMany(cascade = { CascadeType.PERSIST, CascadeType.MERGE }) @JoinTable(name = "post_tag", joinColumns = @JoinColumn(name = "post_id"), inverseJoinColumns = @JoinColumn(name = "tag_id") ) private Set<Tag> tags = new HashSet<>();
And the Tag entity will undergo the same modification:
@ManyToMany(mappedBy = "tags") private Set<Post> posts = new HashSet<>();
If you worry about the lack of a predefined entry order, then you can use either the @OrderBy or @OrderColumn JPA annotations. @OrderBy does the sorting in-memory, after the entries are fetched from the database while @OrderColumn materializes the element order in a dedicated column that is stored in the post_tag link table.
Now, when rerunning the previous test case, Hibernate generates the following SQL statements:
SELECT p.id AS id1_0_0_, t.id AS id1_2_1_, p.title AS title2_0_0_, t.name AS name2_2_1_, pt.post_id AS post_id1_1_0__, pt.tag_id AS tag_id2_1_0__ FROM post p INNER JOIN post_tag pt ON p.id = pt.post_id INNER JOIN tag t ON pt.tag_id = t.id WHERE p.id = 1 DELETE FROM post_tag WHERE post_id = 1 AND tag_id = 3
Much better! There is only one DELETE statement executed which removes the associated post_tag entry.
If you enjoyed this article, I bet you are going to love my Book and Video Courses as well.
Conclusion
Using JPA and Hibernate is very convenient since it can boost developer productivity. However, this does not mean that you have to sacrifice application performance.
By choosing the right mappings and data access pattern, you can make the difference between an application that barely crawls and one that runs at warp speed.
So, when using the @ManyToMany annotation, always use a java.util.Set and avoid the java.util.List .
Download free ebook sample
Share this: Tweet
Submitted by Mike Krieger via Liberty Blitzkrieg blog,
Barack Obama promised to have the “most transparent administration ever,” but as with pretty much every other promise he's made over the years, the exact opposite is what has occurred.
From Hillary Clinton using their own private email server while Secretary of State, to the latest revelations that the IRS (which intentionally targeted American citizens based on their political views), used a “wholly separate” instant messaging system in order to conceal their internal communications. Of course, not only is there no transparency, but as is the case with all shady and undemocratic “elite” behavior, there is no accountability.
In the latest bit of information to emerge, we learn from Americans for Tax Reform that:
The IRS used a “wholly separate” instant messaging system that automatically deleted office communications, according to documentation released by the House Oversight Committee on Monday. The system appears to have been purposefully used by agency officials responsible for the targeting of conservative non-profits, in order to evade public scrutiny. The system, known as “Office Communication Server” or OCS was used by IRS officials, including many in the Exempt Organizations (EO) Unit, which was headed by Lois Lerner. As the Oversight Committee report states, the instant messaging system did not archive any communications, so it is not possible to know what employees of the EO unit discussed on it.
However, in an email uncovered by the Committee Lerner warns their colleagues about evading Congressional oversight:
“I was cautioning folks about email and how we have had several occasions where Congress has asked for emails and there has been an electronic search for responsive emails – so we need to be cautious about what we say in emails.” Lerner then asks whether OCS is automatically archived. When informed it was not, Lerner responded “Perfect.” While it is possible to set the instant messaging system to automatically archive messages, the IRS chose not to do so, according to one employee interviewed by the Committee.
This is not what freedom looks like.
Adding some bling to the festive season, the TVS Victor Premium Edition has been launched in the country priced at ₹ 55,065 (ex-showroom, Delhi). The Hosur based bike maker has added cosmetic touches on the 110 cc commuter motorcycle that boasts of chrome detailing, premium graphics and chrome crash guard. TVS has not made mechanical changes to the motorcycle. The Victor Premium Edition comes just days after the Star City Plus with dual-tone colours was launched earlier this month. With the festive season here, expect more of such special/limited edition offerings to arrive in the market from other manufacturers as well.
Also Read: TVS Victor vs Honda Livo: Comparison
TVS Victor 57,057 * On Road Price (New Delhi) FIND OUT MORE
Commenting on the launch, TVS Motor Company Vice President (Marketing) - Commuter Motorcycles, Scooters and Corporate Brand, Aniruddha Haldar said, "At TVS Motor Company, we are constantly seeking to offer technologically superior and stylish experience to our customers. This premium edition of TVS Victor now offers quality and performance with bold styling and personality. We are sure that our consumers will enjoy this bolder and striking presence on the road as they enjoy the Ultimate "Joy of Riding" on their TVS Victor, thanks to the advanced O3C 3V Engine."
TVS Victor Premium Edition gets LED DRL (Daytime Running Light)
Apart from the new graphics and chrome detailing, the TVS Victor Premium Edition gets body-coloured pillion handle, the chrome details jazz up the side panels while the gold detailing on the engine cover case lends a premium feel on the motorcycle. The TVS Victor also comes with an LED DRL (Daytime Running Light), which is a safety feature on the motorcycle and is the country's first commuter offering to feature the same. The TVS Victory Premium Edition will be available in only the disc variant and black colour with yellow graphics, while the other regular variants will be available in both disc and drum variants and five colour options.
Also Read: TVS Victor: Old vs New
Power on the TVS Victor Premium Edition continues to come from the 110cc 3-valve, single-cylinder engine tuned to produce about 9 bhp at 7500 rpm and 9.4 Nm of peak torque at 6000 rpm, while paired to a 4-speed transmission. TVS claims a fuel efficiency figure of 72 kmpl on the Victor.
Launched in early 2016, the TVS Victor was resurrected after almost a decade. The model name was previously one of the bestsellers from the company's stable, and the new one has also been appreciated for a host of factors including a highly refined engine, smooth ride quality, optional disc brake and a semi-digital instrument console with a tachometer. The Victor also gets hazard lights, which remains distinctive on the motorcycle amidst other commuter offerings. TVS says it has over 2 lakh Victor customers across the country.
For the latest auto news and reviews, follow CarAndBike on Twitter, Facebook, and subscribe to our YouTube channel.
Michele Bachmann: Still not making any sense.
For a woman who hates government, like, a lot, Rep. Michele Bachmann (R-Crazy Town) sure loves those sweet, sweet government handouts, doesn't she? They hate Medicaid for "swelling the welfare rolls," but she's cool with their husband's "mental health clinic" collecting Medicaid dollars. Then there's that "family farm" of theirs that's raked in piles of sweet, sweet government subsidies through a farm bill they voted against because it was "loaded with unbelievably outrageous pork." Mmmm, that pork sure tastes good, don't it, Michele?
Then there's their federally subsidized home loan, backed by either Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac, programs they have criticized and blamed for causing the economic crisis in 2008.
And let's not even get into who's been signing their paychecks since 1988. (Cough the government cough.)
And now there's this:
@MicheleBachmann via HootSuite Congratulations to @mndotnews for beginning construction of the new St. Croix bridge ahead of schedule http://t.co/... #MN
Yes, Michele is excited about the new $700 million bridge being constructed in their district—a bridge they fought hard to get through Congress, even though "taxpayer groups objected." You know, those taxpayer groups with whom Michele usually sides in denouncing the government spending money on anything because pork and earmarks and waste and freedom and stuff.
But remember, it's not porkalicious earmarky wastefulness when it's in Michele's district:
Bachmann told the Star Tribune they support a "redefinition" of what an earmark is, because, they said: "Advocating for transportation projects for ones district in my mind does not equate to an earmark." "I don't believe that building roads and bridges and interchanges should be considered an earmark," Bachmann said. "There's a big difference between funding a tea pot museum and a bridge over a vital waterway."
Yep, there's a big difference between the earmarks that other members of Congress seek and the "transportation projects" Bachmann seeks. The former is the thing Bachmann thinks is wrong because Jesus died for our right to not pay taxes (or something like that), and the latter is just more evidence of precisely how batshit-crazy-out-of-her-ever-lovin'-mind Bachmann really is.
It's time to kick this nutjob out of Congress and off the government welfare rolls once and for all.
Please give $3 to their Democratic opponent, Jim Graves, so we can help Michele stop living off those sweet, sweet government dollars.
If we're to believe the biomass energy industry, the U.S. Forest Service and a chorus of politicians from both sides of the aisle, we can solve the energy crisis, cure climate change and eradicate wildfire by logging and chipping our national forests and burning them up in biomass power facilities.
1,600 acres of White River National Forest are being clear-cut. All of the trees are fueling the Eagle Valley Clean Energy biomass facility. Photo credit: Josh Schlossberg
The plotline of their story goes something like this: Years of taxpayer-funded logging and fire suppression in federal forests (at the behest of the timber industry) has resulted in “overgrown” forests crawling with icky bugs, ticking time bombs ready to burst into flames. And the fix, it just so happens, involves even more taxpayer-funded logging and fire suppression, with the trees forked over to the biomass industry to burn in their incinerators and then the “green” electricity sold to utilities and eventually the public—at a premium.
This “burn the forest before it burns you” propaganda is most prevalent throughout the West, but it's present anywhere there's public land, with a total of 45.6 million acres across 94 national forests in 35 states qualifying as “Insect and Disease Area Designations” under the 2014 Farm Bill—money on the stump for the biomass industry.
Saving the Forest from Itself
The Forest Service's logging-for-biomass agenda has “nothing to do with public welfare or the economy,” according to Carl Ross, executive director of Save America's Forests, an organization that works to protect U.S. forests. Instead, it is simply a way to justify the existence of an agency whose “multi-billion dollar budget is dependent on cutting trees.” With the lumber industry in contraction due to a dismal housing market and tanked economy, the Forest Service focuses on “sick” forests that can only be “cured” through chainsaw surgery to fuel biomass incinerators.
The concept of logging a forest to “save” it is nothing new. It dates back to President George W. Bush's Healthy Forest Restoration Act in 2003. However, a recent uptick in national forest logging has accompanied a rash of new biomass incinerator proposals, with politicians and even some environmental groups like the Nature Conservancy, cheering the industry on.
Currently, the majority—though not all—of the trees fueling the hundreds of biomass power plants across the country come from private land. However, as you read this, Colorado's White River National Forest is being clearcut to feed the Eagle Valley Clean Energy biomass incinerator in Gypsum and plans are being hatched to hand national forests over to the biomass industry in Washington, California, Arizona, New Mexico, Montana, Minnesota and Virginia.
Fanning the Flames of Fire Hysteria
As any Madison Avenue advertiser knows, the best way to sell a product is to make people afraid not to buy it: If you don't wear these sneakers you won't make the team. If you don't use this shampoo you'll never get the girl. If your tax dollars don't fund the logging of public forests, your house will burn down. Inflaming anxieties around wildfire is one of the preferred tools of biomass supporters.
What the industry leaves out, however, is that “fuels reduction” or “wildfire prevention” logging, like any form of logging, degrades forests by compacting soil with heavy equipment and miles upon miles of logging roads, silts watersheds with eroding soils, and kills fish and wildlife. Industry and agency claims that “fuels reduction” plays the same function as wildfire ignore fire's ecological role of refreshing forest stands, creating wildlife habitat, and returning carbon and nutrients back into the soil. What's more, logging for biomass can be even more intensive than logging for lumber since it typically removes the high nutrient tops and branches which would otherwise be left in the forest to slowly decompose.
Luckily, science is catching up to common sense by demonstrating that wildfires, including large, “catastrophic” ones, were historically quite common; that large fires are more a product of drought, high temperatures and winds than “fuel” levels; and that the “effectiveness” of logging for wildfire is “not supported by a significant consensus of scientific research,” with the practice unlikely to slow fires, but instead running the risk of spreading them quicker by drying the forest and opening it to wind.
Read page 1
Humoring industry for a moment, even if logging could stop large wildfires and it was desirable to do so, the chance that a particular logged acreage will experience fire in the coming decades is pretty improbable. Cutting a given stand in a national forest on the off-chance that it might burn is like cutting off your thumb so you don't hit it with a hammer.
Beetlemania
Biomass supporters also claim that the mountain pine beetle increases the risk of wildfire, giving us yet another reason to log forests. It's true that beetles might give some of us the willies, but insects have a crucial job in the forest, killing some trees to open up space for fresh growth. And while it's true that two to three years after a visit from the mountain pine beetle a tree's dying needles can make it more flammable, following that brief window, a tree is actually less apt to burn than when it was green and less prone to experience a crown fire.
Naturally, this hasn't stopped industry from advocating for unscientific “preventative” treatment that involves logging before the beetle even shows up, or afterwards if it does, despite the lack of proof that doing so accomplishes anything. “Most research indicates that there is little or no such relationship between beetle-caused tree mortality and subsequent fire occurrence and severity in lodgepole pine forests,” concludes professor Bill Romme, who teaches forest and fire ecology at Colorado State University, in an article written for NASA's Earth Observatory. Instead, fire is “controlled primarily by weather conditions” and the amount of fuels, including from beetle kill, is only a “minor influence on fire behavior.”
More research, such as “Effects of Bark Beetle-Caused Tree Mortality on Wildfire,” a report out of Utah State University, demonstrates that “generalizations about the effects of beetle-caused tree mortality on fire characteristics are unwarranted,” while concerns about soil scorching—a favorite boogeyman of the Forest Service—are also overinflated.
Biomass Doesn't Live Up to Hype
Despite being touted as a “green” energy source by some, biomass energy typically falls short of its many promises.
Enthusiasts argue that biomass provides a valuable, low-carbon source of renewable energy. Trees and food crops grow back, they say, providing a never-ending stockpile of biomass material. Biomass has gotten a lot of attention because it can usually be accessed whenever needed, a benefit not shared with weather-dependent resources like solar and wind. What is more, advocates claim whatever comes out of the smokestack is harmless.
Unfortunately, particularly when it comes to using trees for fuel, most of these arguments just don't pan out. Burning carbon-storing forests in an incinerator typically emits higher levels of climate-changing greenhouse gases per unit of energy than a dirty coal-fired plant. Not to mention that when you cut down a tree, you take away its future carbon storing potential. Biomass incinerators also produce harmful air pollution (including asthma-inducing particulate matter and carcinogenic Volatile Organic Compounds). And though biomass energy may be available around-the-clock, it simply isn't a cost-effective source of energy—it is expensive to produce!
Carving Colorado
Those who want to see what “forest health treatments” feeding biomass incinerators actually look like need go no further than the Ophir Mountain Forest Health and Fuels Reduction Project in Colorado's White River National Forest. There, 1,600 acres are being clear-cut just outside of Frisco in response to the local mountain pine beetle “epidemic,” which peaked between 2007 and 2009 and has since subsided. All of the trees are fueling the Eagle Valley Clean Energy biomass facility.
West Range Reclamation won a bid to pay $8.6 million to log the White River for 10 years, with much of the wood being sold to the Eagle Valley biomass incinerator. Eagle Valley itself has received $40 million in loan guarantees from the Rural Utilities Service, a portion of an annual $12.5 million matching payment for feedstock transportation from the Biomass Crop Assistance Program (part of the Farm Bill), and a $250,000 biomass utilization grant.
So where will Eagle Valley source its wood after the beetle-killed trees run out? Conveniently, the White River National Forest is proposing new “forest health” projects all the time, such as the recently announced Keystone Vegetation Management clearcutting project, with long-term plans to log 220,000 acres of the White River in total. And after those forests are gone, the Bioenergy Alliance Network of the Rockies wants to harness millions of more acres of national forests across all of Colorado and the rest of the Rocky Mountains.
Clear-cut forest in White River National Forest. Photo credit: Josh Schlossberg
Backcountry logging won't get us anywhere. It doesn't protect people from wildfires, though it does divert funding and attention from strategies that actually can, like making homes “firewise” (as demonstrated by the Forest Service's own research), and it doesn't provide a clean, economical, or sustainable source of energy. Ultimately, allowing the biomass industry to decimate our national forests just isn't worth the impacts to clean water, fish and wildlife, flooding and erosion control, and recreation.
Josh Schlossberg of Boulder, Colorado is editor of The Biomass Monitor, the nation's leading publication tracking the health and environmental impacts of biomass energy.
YOU MIGHT ALSO LIKE
500 Years After Columbus, Cuba's Gardens of the Queen Still Pristine
People's Consumptive Demands Undermine Planet's Life-Support Systems
35,000 Walruses Invade Alaska Beach As Climate Change Melts Sea Ice
A truckload of frozen pork didn't stay that way for long when the semi-truck carrying it caught fire on Interstate 8 and caused a small explosion.
A driver called 911 to report a big rig's brakes were on fire as it headed west on the freeway at about 7:40 p.m.
"Nervous, shaking," driver Samuel Williams said about their reaction. "I couldn't think. I was just like — you know, my mind was going a hundred miles a minute. I didn't know what to do."
Thankfully, Williams was able to pull over at Lake Jennings Park Road and jump from the truck before the fire spread through the cab, sending flames shooting about 20 feet in the air. It soon ignited the embankment and fired up about a quarter acre of land on the roadside.
As firefighters got to the scene, they saw a small explosion coming from the truck.
Williams was bracing for a bigger burst, which did not come.
"I'm still kind of shaken a little bit, and I'm thinking, where I go from here," said Williams. "But besides all that, I'm fine."
Extra crews were called in to help fight the flames. A tow truck crew drained all the fuel from the truck, making sure there are no hot spots before they move it.
Williams, who was taking the meat from Oklahoma to San Diego, said they had their brakes fixed on Tuesday in Arizona.  They are convinced the person who installed them failed to clean off the grease, which they think started the fire.
The driver has not been cited for the incident. Their truck and everything in it are a complete loss.
Posted by Michael Reinsch on 2010-08-16
The delayed_job plugin for Rails does a good job for pushing tasks that take some time to process into the background, so that your users (and your Rails processes) can do other things than to wait. It uses daemons to process the backgrounded tasks, so for your system to work correctly it is essential that those daemons are running. Thus you want to make sure that those daemons are getting started when the server boots and are restarted in case they die. Those points are not addressed by delayed_job.
The usual way to get processes started at boot time under Linux is to use an init.d script. But init.d scripts only address the boot process - if the daemon dies, it won't get restarted.
D.J. Bernstein's daemontools make it very simple to create system services which achieve both of the above points: starting your daemons at system boot time and restarting them in case they die. And the best feature: to create a new service, you don't even need to include any of the typical daemon features (such as backgrounding the process) into your program. So while delayed_job uses the daemons library to provide those features, we won't be needing those.
The following steps show how to set up a new service. This assumes that you already installed daemontools (available for Ubuntu/Debian for instance: apt-get install daemontools-run ).
Create a new directory. This is going to be the service directory. Create a shell script "run" in the service directory which runs your program. This can be as simple as exec /path/to/my/program . Create a symlink from the system service directory (for Ubuntu that'd be /etc/service ), pointing to your new service directory.
That's it. To control your service, use the svc tool. See the manpage for more information.
In case of delayed_job, we are using the following run script:
#!/bin/sh export RAILS_ENV=production exec 2>/dev/null exec setuidgid railsuser /srv/railsuser/project/current/script/delayed_job run
The script changes the user to "railsuser" (you don't want to run your delayed job processing under root; change it to match your setup), and then starts the usual delayed_job script, telling it to not put itself into the background.
One specialty to note is the handling of stderr. We redirect it to /dev/null to avoid potential "Broken pipe" exceptions in case something writes to stderr, which isn't available. Redirecting sdterr to stdout did not work.
Now, when updating, you will want to restart the delayed_job service. With capistrano we use the following task definitions:
namespace :delayed_job do desc "Start delayed job (if not running)" task :start, :roles => :app do sudo "svc -u /etc/service/#{application}_#{rails_env}_delayed_job" end desc "Stop delayed job" task :stop, :roles => :app do sudo "svc -d /etc/service/#{application}_#{rails_env}_delayed_job" end desc "Restart delayed job" task :restart, :roles => :app do sudo "svc -t /etc/service/#{application}_#{rails_env}_delayed_job" end end after "deploy:start", "delayed_job:start" after "deploy:stop", "delayed_job:stop" after "deploy:restart", "delayed_job:restart"
This requires that your deployment user will be able to run svc using sudo, so make sure to add this to your sudoers.
Also note that for the service names in the system service directory we use the pattern #{application}_#{rails_env}_delayed_job . Those are links to the service's directory, which are located under /srv/railsuser/project/services for our setup.
With this setup we have a pretty reliable delayed_job, and can use the same framework to run most (if not all) other services we might need with very little effort.
It has become the pattern that when there is a shortage of carriers announcing for the Nokia Lumia 920, it usually means there is exclusivity in that region.
In this case Bell, Telus and other major carriers have said they will not be carrying the Nokia Lumia 920, leaving us with the conclusion that the handset will be a Rogers exclusive.
Rogers have now confirmed this in a press release, adding that the handset is expected to arrive in November.
The handset will be running on their LTE network, the largest in the country.
"Rogers' decision to offer the Nokia Lumia 920 in Canada is another example of the forward momentum behind our Lumia devices as well as the broader Windows ecosystem," said Don Leeke, Canada General Manager, Nokia.
The announcement follows AT&T yesterday confirming their own release of the Nokia Lumia 920.
As was the case yesterday, no pricing or release date was announced.
See the full press release after the break.
Nokia and Rogers today announced that the Nokia Lumia 920 will be exclusively available to Rogers' customers in November, adding its name to the global list of wireless operators selling the Windows Phone 8 device. "Rogers is proud to bring the new Nokia Lumia 920 to our customers looking for the best unified experience and to further extend our leadership as the carrier with the largest LTE superphone selection in Canada," said John Boynton, Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer, Rogers Communications. "With seamless access to entertainment, sports and business content, the Nokia Lumia 920 offers customers a world leading internet experience powered by the Rogers LTE network." "Rogers' decision to offer the Nokia Lumia 920 in Canada is another example of the forward momentum behind our Lumia devices as well as the broader Windows ecosystem," said Don Leeke, Canada General Manager, Nokia. The Nokia Lumia 920 includes the latest advances in Nokia PureView imaging innovation. Using advanced floating lens technology, the camera in the Nokia Lumia 920 is able to take in five times more light than competing smartphones without using flash, making it possible to capture clear, bright pictures and video indoors and at night. It also compensates for hand movement while the photo is being taken. In addition to built-in wireless charging, the Nokia Lumia 920 also comes with Nokia City Lens, the latest addition to the Nokia location suite and the start of a new augmented reality experience that also enhances Nokia Maps. Along with enhancements to Nokia Drive and Nokia Transit, the Nokia location suite of services represents the most comprehensive, integrated mapping experience of any smartphone. The Nokia Lumia 920 will operate across the Rogers national wireless network and will take advantage of the fastest mobile network technology in the world when operating on the Rogers LTE network; available in select Canadian cities. Visit www.rogers.com/coverage for details. Price and other details for the Nokia Lumia 920 to be announced closer to the launch date. About Nokia
Nokia is a global leader in mobile communications whose products have become an integral part of the lives of people around the world. Every day, more than 1.3 billion people use their Nokia to capture and share experiences, access information, find their way or simply to speak to one another. Nokia's technological and design innovations have made its brand one of the most recognized in the world. For more information, visit http://www.nokia.com/about-nokia. About Rogers Communications
Rogers Communications is a diversified Canadian communications and media company. We are Canada's largest provider of wireless voice and data communications services and one of Canada's leading providers of cable television, high speed internet and telephony services. Through Rogers Media we are engaged in radio and television broadcasting, televised shopping, magazines and trade publications, sports entertainment, and digital media. We are publicly traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX: RCI.A and RCI.B) and on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: RCI). For further information about the Rogers group of companies, please visit rogers.com. To download images of the Nokia Lumia 920, please visit http://press.nokia.com/ Image with caption: "Nokia Lumia 920 coming to Rogers (CNW Group/Nokia Canada)". Image available at:http://photos.newswire.ca/images/download/20121004_C4618_PHOTO_EN_18948.jpg SOURCE: Nokia Canada For further information: Media Enquiries:
Kathy Khamis (on behalf of Nokia)
[email protected] / (416) 355-7415 Michelle Lewis (on behalf of Rogers)
[email protected] / (416) 935-8339
Thanks James for the tip.
Kickstarter made us the first Project of the Day for 2012!
Glitch is the story of a twenty-something video game tester who is in something of a funk -- their job isn't what they want, he's under-appreciated, and he's having a nicely timed quarterlife crisis. So they make a wish at an odd moment: That their life was more like a video game. And because this is a comedy show, it comes true! However, there's a catch. The wish does not make Glitch's life super awesome or exciting. Instead, 8-bit and old-school video game glitches start to infect their daily life, getting in their way, making them see and do things no one else is able to understand.
So Glitch suffers glitches! And the show is called Glitch! The synergy is probably impregnating you from here.
Strangers suddenly have interaction buttons floating over their heads. People on the street asking for change start to look identical, as if they were all rendered from the same ‘hobo avatar'. They miss their first date with a real life woman for the first time in a year because they get stuck in a wall in the building next to the coffee shop. They disappoint their friends when their tickets to PAX begin to blink and then disappear from their hands. Their boss becomes ‘The Boss'.
Their best friends are Wyatt (a sort of zen-gamer construction worker with a secret past) and Samus (a tough girly not-geek geek with a raging id and nothing to lose). With their help, Glitch navigates through this treacherous new world of awesome.  They are forced to take control of their life, learning how to grow up and stay a geek.
Episodes run about fifteen minutes long. Each is a self-contained plot, but the six also string together to tell one season-long story.
Bonus Life Episodes
Extra content! These are goofy little moments in the lives of our characters with little consequence besides being funnier than Ghandi. View them here!
http://www.watchglitch.com/episodes
They're very short. Go watch them. No really, we'll wait right here. No seriously they're two minutes max. They're lovely examples of how we roll.
The Pilot is Now Complete
The first episode of the season is already completed. We are looking for a small amount of funding to complete the remaining five episodes. We have a cast and crew ready to go, we just need to provide them food, props, costumes and some equipment.
For a contribution of just $25, we will send you a private link to the still-unreleased pilot, so you can experience the first episode in all it's premature glory.
What will we be spending the money on?
Feeding people gets expensive! We have a twenty day shoot scheduled, to complete filming for the remaining episodes. We need to be able to provide our wonderful team with food (which is fuel for human bodies) each of those days! It adds up!
In addition, there are a few costumes and props you won't find at your local Geek Target (don't you now wish there was such a thing?). Our funding will enable us to provide these items to our cast, to make them look super badass and cool. Without them, we will all look stupid. Please, don't make us all look stupid. Think of the nerdy children.
In the above scenario, we are the nerdy children.
Finally, there are a few people in the crew and some equipment that we will need to pay for. Your generous donations will combine their powers to make a CAPTAIN PLANET OF FINANCING, allowing us to achieve our modest, take-over-the-world goals!
A Love Letter to Geek Culture
Our show is a non-stop reference fest to our collective childhoods! It will make you feel warm and fuzzy! It will be an enabler to your terrible geek habits! We are a team of super-ultra-mega-anti-mondo-nerd-geeks. We are trying to make a show that is for geeks, by geeks and only for geeks! We don't care if we leave the normies out in the cold! We want to make you love yourselves! In a completely platonic way.
Our characters are non-cliches. Wyatt is a half-monk who works construction. Samus makes protest art. Glitch wants to actually get their life together. Your head is spinning from such unexpected sentences! A geek show that doesn't consider geeks losers? Marvel at the possibilities!
Okay Yes it's Christmas - An Emergency appeal!
Why are we asking for this money now? Because we already have our shooting scheduled and slated. And our other remaining funding fell through! Oh no! The best laid plans of mice and men was the very axiom it's cracked up to be!
So help us, dear viewers, fight against the injustice and evil villainry of unexpected bumps in the road. With your assistance we will all laugh over this campaign in our gold-plated trailers with you! Trust us, you will be invited to our gold-plated trailers.
Operators are Standing By
It's true! We are! We made ourselves little "Operator" name tags and we are ready to assist you. Help us help you! Have questions? Ask them! We are always available to talk to you. We will strive to convince you that we are worth donating to, and that this will be a campaign of love and hope and all those John-Lennony things!
This post has been updated 5/12 18:43 ET
Nepal and the rest of the Himalayan region suffered another major earthquake today—a 7.3 magnitude quake that struck about halfway between Kathmandu and Mt. Everest, near the Chinese border. Early reports estimate that up to 1,000 people are injured, and at least 68 have been killed in both Nepal and India.
The region, especially urban areas like Kathmandu and Chautara, had already been reeling from the devastation wrought by the 7.8 magnitude event that hit the country on April 25 and killed over 8,000 people. Hundreds of aftershocks—some as strong as 6.7 magnitude—have continued to hamper relief efforts and keep residents in a panicked state.
This latest quake, however, is not an aftershock, but a brand new seismic event. According to the United States Geological Survey, today's earthquake occurred 9.3 miles deep in the earth's crust—the same depth as the April event. Cities and villages in the area have already felt six aftershocks, and the new quake created a whole new wave of landslides further north in the Himalayan mountains.
Is this just horrible luck, or are we seeing Nepal turn into a haven for earthquakes? The USGS previously estimated a 1-in-200 chance of another event similar to the April earthquake occurring. “It wasn't a high probability, but it wasn't unexpected,” says Rich Briggs, a USGS research geologist. Unfortunately, it might not even be the last quake to strike region in the near future—and it certainly won't be the last seismic event that's observed there.
The cause of the quakes
Continental-continental convergence. USGS
“In the big picture of things, you've got India slamming into Asia,” says Briggs. The Indian subcontinent has been forcing its way under the edge of Nepal—and beneath the Tibetan Plateau—for thousands of years. The initial crash caused the Himalayas to form, and continues pushing the region up and up even today. That ongoing pressure creates a huge amount of geologic strain thousands of feet below the surface. When that strain reaches a pitch point at which the two plates slip very suddenly, the energy releases in a violent shake. “Imagine the wedge of the Himalaya is like a spring, being pushed down. And what we're seeing is the release of that energy," Briggs says.
The result is a mountainous landscape that also suffers as a hotbed for seismic disturbance. Although two quakes occurring within weeks of one-another is uncommon, the Himalayas have experienced volatile geological events for millennia—a long time for humans, but just a blink of an eye from a geological time scale. That won't change any time soon.
These quakes are reshaping the region
A sudden slip in the fault line also means sudden changes in surface elevation. The southern plate is submerging, but it actually rose by as much as 11 feet. This is because the resistance of the Asian plate—the one containing the Himalayas—is exerting so much reverse force that it caused the Indian plate to buckle upwards. In fact, the region around Kathmandu drifted south by about 10 feet. Conversely, some mountains north of the fault may have sunk some 11 feet. But these massive shifts don't have as much of an effect on people as the smaller scale movements: landslides, cracks, and slumps in the ground.
Big earthquakes can also cause massive ruptures that reach from the buried fault line all the way to the surface. So far, none have shown up in Nepal. Instead, according to Briggs, a “blind” rupture has caused noticeable deformations of the surface, without having come up to the surface itself. Another phenomenon scientists are looking out for are afterslips—where the ground continues to rise and fall around the main rupture, as they adjust to the new forms of strain.
Nepal is teaching scientists more about earthquakes
Researchers often are stymied by the fact that these plate movements occur in the middle of the ocean (sometimes causing devastating tsunamis). Because Nepal's quakes are happening above the sea level, Briggs and other researchers can get better data for assessing the aftermath. It's far too dangerous to go down and assess the landscape in person—especially considering the huge potential for landslides—so for now, earthquake researchers are relying on satellite imagery and GPS data to analyze how the ground has moved.
Briggs and other experts are especially interested to find the ruptures, even if they can't see them on the surface. Unfortunately, for a geological system this large and unpredictable, it's not easy to find geological evidence of these ruptures. “These kinds of ruptures stay hidden, deep in the ground, even though we can see the consequences on the surface,” Briggs says.
A man waves the Nepalese flag on Durbar Square, in Kathmandu, on May 7, 2015. Mushfiqul Alam/NurPhoto/Sipa USA/AP
There could be more to come
Although these plate movements are exactly what Briggs and their colleagues expected, they shy from predicting what happens next. “We don't know exactly how they relate to one-another and how one might set another off,” says Briggs. They say each quake exhibits its own line of aftershocks—and with luck, they will decay soon enough.
But given the region's long history of big earthquakes (such as the 8.0 magnitude that struck in 1934, ), it would be ridiculous to say the region is shake-free from here on out. “The readjustment in [geological] stress could play out in days, weeks, months or decades—we just don't know,” says Briggs. “There remains a potential for large earthquakes in the region.”
A 7.3 magnitude earthquake is devastating—especially following on the heels of a 7.8 destroyer. But the region, says Briggs, is capable of experiencing worse.
Photo credit: pontus Edenberg | dreamstime.com
Saudi Arabia has given Qatar a 24 hour-ultimatum to fulfill 10 conditions that have been conveyed to Kuwait, which is serving a mediator role between the two “estranged” nations. The main thrust of the ultimatum is for Qatar to end all ties with Muslim Brotherhood and Hamas.
Since most media reports do not have details yet of the ultimatum, we are publishing here in The Goldwater all 10 demands.
1) Cutting ties with Iran immediately.
2) Officially apologizing for all GCC governments for the insults, fake news they've tolerated from broadcast network Aljazeera.
3) Expelling all Hamas and Muslim Brotherhood leaders and members from Qatar.
4) Stop interfering in Egypt's affairs immediately.
5) Stop sponsoring or funding any terror groups in any way, shape or form.
6) Freezing Hamas leaders bank accounts and prohibiting any financial transactions with/by them in that regard.
7) Vowing not to have any future policies or political roles that contradict the GCC unified polices.
8) Shutting down Aljazeera TV network immediately and abiding by the pact agreed upon by Doha in 2012 during late King Abdullah rule.
9) Expelling all the personalities, figures who have known aggressive stances against GCC countries from Qatar.
10) In case Qatar fully agreed to all above, an urgent meeting of GCC leaders to be held in Jeddah, KSA tomorrow to ink the irrevocable deal.
Speculations are high that Qatar will be invaded if they will not comply with the said demands. Saudi Arabia has not issued an official statement yet on the would-be consequences should Qatar chose to be defiant.
Source:
“That really struck me as someone who really felt that that was how Chinese people should be viewed,” Tang said. “It's almost like an unconscious submission to the caricature of the way Chinese have been portrayed [in the media] in a negative way.”
“It was a bit surprising, to say the least,” Tang told HuffPost on Friday. The judge pointed out that Shultz had also pointed to their eyes when they made their comment. The gesture can be seen at around 1:20 in the below video, published by ABC 7 News .
Julie Tang, a retired judge for the city's Superior Court who was at the service, was disappointed with Shultz's choice of words.
“He had a wonderful laugh with those twinkly, well just like the picture, squinty eyes and that wonderful smile,” Shultz, a colleague and longtime friend of Lee, said during the service.
Several Asian-Americans who attended the Dec. 17 service at San Francisco City Hall were shocked when they heard the city's Chief of Protocol Charlotte Shultz describe the late mayor as having “squinty eyes.” Shultz had planned the memorial service , according to the San Francisco Gate.
Lee, who made history as San Francisco's first Asian-American mayor, died of a heart attack on Dec. 12.
Members of San Francisco's Chinese-American community have voiced their displeasure after a public official made a racially insensitive remark during the memorial service for the city's Mayor Ed Lee held last Sunday.
Tang wasn't the only one who found the gesture offensive. They said that other Asian-American individuals at Lee's service expressed their disappointment over the comment after the service.
Tang and Lilian Sing, a fellow retired Superior Court judge who served on the bench for 30 years, raised the issue of Shultz's “squinty eyes” comment during a second memorial service for Lee hosted by the city's Chinatown community on Thursday.
“We felt uncomfortable when one person spoke about squinty eyes,” Sing said to those who attended the Chinatown service, according to the San Francisco Gate. Sing co-founded the San Francisco-based civil rights group Chinese for Affirmative Action (CAA).
Tang, who also spoke during the Chinatown service, said the two retired judges decided to call out Shultz on Thursday in order to turn the offensive moment into a teaching moment.
“I really think people should pay attention to the soft racism that is permeating through different levels of government,” Tang told HuffPost.
“All of that in spite of the fact that we even had a Chinese mayor,” they said of Lee. “The Chinese community is still not immune to that way of describing Chinese people.”
Tang said they didn't think Shultz was purposely trying to offend the Asian-American community, but they said it was still important to point out why the comment was unacceptable.
“We have to be more attentive to this especially in America,” they told HuffPost. “In America, we have a very sophisticated society, but it's also a very racial society. It's a society where people are very much judged by race. And that separates us in more ways than one.”
Cynthia Choi, co-executive director of CAA, also believes that Shultz did not intend to be “racially derogatory,” but said the moment needed to be addressed.
“That ‘squinty eye' reference is a racial slur and is something that is not positively associated in any community,” Choi told HuffPost. Choi did not attend Lee's memorial service, but said that individuals close to CAA who were there raised the issue with them
Shultz apologized for their insensitive comment in a statement released to the media by the Mayor's Office of Protocol on Thursday. The office also noted that Lee and Shultz had been friends for decades, adding that the remark was meant to be “heartfelt and warm”:
“Chief of Protocol Charlotte Mailliard Shultz worked side by side with Mayor Lee more than seven years strengthening San Francisco's international relations. They were not only colleagues but good friends more than 30 years. This has been a difficult time for them Mrs. Shultz apologizes if any of their comments regarding the mayor ― which were intended to be heartfelt and warm ― offended anyone. Mrs. Shultz loved Mayor Lee very much and will miss them dearly.”
In recent years, a number of prominent figures have faced backlash for mocking the eyes of Asian individuals.
In November 2016, Glamour magazine's Brazilian edition publicly apologized after posting an Instagram photo that showed staff members pulling their eyes back to celebrate a trip to Japan. Supermodel Gigi Hadid also apologized after a video appeared to show them mocking Asian people in February.
Others, like Houston Astros' first baseman Yuli Gurriel, have faced disciplinary action for mocking Asian people.
Major League Baseball officials in October suspended Gurriel for five games after they were caught during a game stretching their eyes in an attempt to mock Yu Darvish, the Los Angeles Dodgers pitcher who is of Japanese and Iranian descent.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
TODAY'S TWO MINUTES HATE….Here's the latest reason to hate credit card companies: Shop at Wal-Mart, obviously a sign of financial distress, and your credit limit gets lowered. Hallelujah!
This is from American Express, which has now decided to hunker down and simply lie about their habit of doing this. Compare and contrast the following news accounts. When Kevin Johnson returned from their honeymoon last year they got a letter from Amex saying, “Other customers who have used their card at establishments where you recently shopped have a poor repayment history with American Express.” Here's what they told the Atlanta Journal Constitution about this in December:
“We're just doing this to manage risk,” said Lisa A. Gonzalez, an American Express spokesperson. They declined to say which retailers or mortgage companies are associated with consumers with higher default rates. They said it makes sense to examine these factors because “customers who have loans outstanding with certain lenders or customers who make transactions with certain merchants tend to have a higher proportion of credit issues or a higher probability of default.”
And here's what they told the New York Times this week:
“The letters were wrong to imply we were looking at specific merchants,” said Susan Korchak, a company spokesperson….Now, the company says that there never was such a list. So what about the language in its letters to cardholders, which calls out particular “establishments” where cardholders had shopped, I asked. Well, apparently that was all just a big misunderstanding, despite the number of people who must have been in on drafting the notes in the first place.
So: a month ago monitoring your transactions with “certain merchants” was a legitimate way of managing risk. This month the story is that they were never doing it in the first place. You betcha.
Bastards. I really hate these guys and their entire sleazy industry. More here. Kevin Johnson's website is here.
WATCH: The vice president had been at the game in Indianapolis with their wife.
WATCH: The vice president had been at the game in Indianapolis with their wife.
Greg Pence, an older brother of Vice President Mike Pence, appears to be preparing a run for Congress in Indiana's 6th District.
The seat was represented by the vice president for more than 10 years before they became governor of the state, and is currently represented by Rep. Luke Messer, who is seeking the U.S. Senate seat occupied by Democrat Joe Donnelly.
In paperwork filed with the IRS, “Greg Pence for Congress Inc.” was formed to “establish a federal principal campaign committee exempt from federal income tax under Section 527 of the Internal Revenue Code, for purposes of conducting a campaign in 2018 for the election of Greg Pence as United States Representative in Indiana.”
Gregory Pence talks about their brother Mike Pence during a Trump-Pence rally in Edinburgh, Ind., Nov. 1, 2016.
Greg Pence also submitted a statement of candidacy today, according to paperwork filed with the Federal Election Commission
Greg Pence is currently serving as the statewide finance chairperson for Messer's Senate campaign.
A spokesperson for Messer's Senate campaign did not immediately respond when asked for comment by ABC News.
Craig Kunkle is listed as the point of contact and custodian of records for Greg Pence's committee. Mr. Kunkle did not immediately reply when asked for comment by ABC News.
If Greg Pence does enter the race, they would have instant name recognition in the district. Other candidates for the GOP nomination in the district include State Sen. Mike Crider and business person Jonathan Lamb.
Democrats in the state pounced on the news.
"If you thought one Pence was damaging enough to our state's economy, wait until you see what a second can do. Mike Pence was so blinded by their political ambition that they divided the state, cost our economy $60 million and set themselves on track to lose the governorship had they not been parachuted out," Indiana Democratic Party Chairman John Zody wrote in a statement. "Now comes Greg Pence, so blinded by their own ambitions that he's willing to overlook the damage their brother caused to the Indiana economy. Voters must hope that they don't represent a second helping of that harm."
Democrats, however, face long odds to win the seat. President Trump won Indiana's 6th District by more than 40 points in the 2016 presidential election.
Pokémon Black & White continues on with having events and details that change from day to day. The events are as follows:
Daily Events
Swarms Like previous games, Pokémon Black & White has included a varierty of swarms. These swarms, like the past swarms, activate after you have received the National Dex, change each day at midnight and go through a random selection of possibilities. The focus of these swarms are Pokémon that don't normally exist within the Unova region and as such can only be obtained in the wild using this method In order to check the swarms, you need to enter a gate between two areas and look at the ticket going along on the back wall. It will mention that there is a swarm of Pokémon going on in that particular route. Go to that route and you'll find the Pokémon. Click here for further details on Swarms
Massage At the eastern road of Castelia City, if you enter the building on the left, you will find this character who will give your Pokémon a massage. You can get a massage once a day and the massages boost the happiness of your Pokémon.
Musical Props In a building on the lower left building of Opelucid City, you will discover a man who will give you new Pokémon Musical Props every day. Keep coming back to them and they will give you new Props every day until they are out of props for you. They have 5 props to give you. Click here for a list of Props
Berry Clown In the middle road of Castelia City, you will find another building on the right. In this building, you will find a Clown who is requesting to see a specific type of Pokémon. Show them a Pokémon of this type and they will provide berries to you. The type of Pokémon will change each day.
Ferris Wheel Battle In Nimbasa City, you will discover the Ferris Wheel. Outside the Ferris Wheel, after you have beaten N there, you will find a new trainer outside it every now and then. They will challenge you to a battle and then go up on the Ferris Wheel with you.
Driftveil City - Heart Scale In Driftveil City, in the house to the west of the Pokémon Centre, you will find a woman who will ask to see a specific Pokémon with a specific move each day. Show them the Pokémon and move they have requested and you'll get a Heart Scale. This can be repeated each day..
Cynthia Battle After getting the National Pokédex, you will be able to find the Sinnoh Champion Cynthia in a house in Undella Town. In here, you will have the ability to battle them once a day, every day, during months which are Spring. Click here for further details on the battles
Nacrene City - Furniture After you have been to the Dream World, the girl in Nacrene City in a house to the east of the Pokémon Centre will start offering to make you furniture for your Dream World abode. These will vary each day and you'll then be able to purchase the design in the Dream World on the Global Link site Click here for further details on the Dream World
GameFreak Battle After getting the National Pokédex, you will be able to find a trainer based upon the GameFreak employee, Shigeki Morimoto. Here, you can battle them once a day, every day, regardless of the current seasons. Click here for further details on the battles
Opelucid City Battles In Opelucid City, in the house near the Route 10 exit, you will find two trainers within who will gladly battle you each day. On both floors are trainers which will battle you in Rotation Battles or Triple Battles depending on if you're playing Pokémon Black or White respectively. You can rebattle these for experience each and every day
Pinwheel Forest In the south east of the Pinwheel Forst is a stone. If you take a Fighting-type Pokémon to this stone, you can interact with the rock. It'll say that the Pokémon's veins are pumping and you will receive a Star Piece item. You can return each day to receive another
Sports Arenas At numerous points within the day, the sports halls in Nimbasa City will give you access to a variety of different sports courts. On these courts will be a variety of trainers that you can rebattle every single day. Defeat the trainers and you may even receive an item. The sports are as follows Small Court
Tennis: Morning
Baskettall: Afternoon
Large Court
Soccer: Morning
American Football: Afternoon
Black City Within Black City in Pokémon Black, you have the ability to battle new trainers every day. These trainers are numerous in number and have a variety of powerful Pokémon. In addition to this, you will have the ability to purchase a selection of different items including evolution stones each and every day
White Forest Within White Forest in Pokémon White, between zero and three different items will start appearing in the ground. These items are dependant on the characters in White Forest which change based on your use of the Entralink feature. Click here for further details on White Forest
Royal Unova In Castelia City, after you have defeated the Elite Four, you will now have access to the special ferry; the Royal Unova on the Cruise Dock. Each evening, you can go on the Royal Unova and battle the various trainers on the boat. After defeating the trainers, you will receive an item based upon your success Click here for further details on Royal Unova
Undella Villa In Undella Town, there is a villa to the west. In this villa, you will discover a trainer who will battle you. Each day, as you battle, another trainer will join in and battle you consecutively until there are six trainers there. From there, you can battle them each day and get on with a battle. These battles give a high monetary reward. Once you have defeated all of them however, they aren't battleable
Marvelous Bridge - Patrat Game In Village Bridge, when you enter the fourth house from the left, a girl will leave with them Patrat. You can find them in the middle of Marvelous Bridge. Talk to them there and, each day, you'll get the chance to participate in a mini-game. This game has you get shown a Patrat. You have to follow the Patrat through its movements. When all four Patrat have moved around, you select the Patrat which you believe is the correct Patrat. If you're correct, you'll get a Big Mushroom.
Route 8 - Weather Stones By the entrance to Tubeline Bridge, there is a Parasol Lady who will give you a specific item depending on the time of day. You can go back each day to get the items. There are four items spread across each day, but you can only obtain one. Picture Name Effect Time Damp Rock A Pokémon hold item that extends the duration of the move Rain Dance used by the holder. 05:00-09:59. Heat Rock A Pokémon hold item that extends the duration of the move Sunny Day used by the holder. 10:00-16:59. Smooth Rock A Pokémon hold item that extends the duration of the move Sandstorm used by the holder. 17:00-19:59. Icy Rock A Pokémon hold item that extends the duration of the move Hail used by the holder. 20:00-04:59.
Fossils In the Twist Mountain Cave, there is a man who will give you a fossil once a day after you have obtained the National Pokédex. These fossils are the fossils of the Kanto, Hoenn & Sinnoh Pokémon. Picture Name Effect Armor Fossil A fossil from a prehistoric Pokémon that lived on the land. It appears to be part of a collar. Claw Fossil A fossil of an ancient Pokémon that lived in the sea. It appears to be part of a claw. Dome Fossil A fossil of an ancient Pokémon that lived in the sea. It appears to be part of a shell. Helix Fossil A fossil of an ancient Pokémon that lived in the sea. It appears to be part of a seashell. Old Amber A piece of amber that contains the genetic material of an ancient Pokémon. It is clear with a reddish tint. Root Fossil A fossil of an ancient Pokémon that lived in the sea. It appears to be part of a plant root. Skull Fossil A fossil from a prehistoric Pokémon that lived on the land. It appears to be part of a head.
Village Bridge Waiter In Village Bridge, after defeating the Chef in a battle, they will ask you to hand out menus to the characters nearby. They will order certain berries. Your task is to give the chef the orders and she'll give you the berries to give to the trainers. If you succeed, you will receive some Lum Berries.
NINETY four years ago, Howard Carter opened Pharaoh Tutankhamun's tomb and exclaimed “wonderful things”. Now an Egyptian minister is promising their hidden chambers “will be a Big Bang — the discovery of the 21st century”.
It's not the first time government officials have become excited about the tourism potential of hidden treasure.
In September last year, a Polish ministry of culture official declared they were “99 per cent certain” a buried Nazi train had been found under a collapsed siding in that nation's southwest. The evidence seemed sound: You could make out the shapes of tanks apparently outlined by ground-penetrating radar.
It turned out to be a hoax.
Now Egypt's Tourism Minister, Hisham Zaazou, has let the story of the century slip.
“We do not know if the burial chamber is Nefertiti or another woman, but it is full of treasures,” they reportedly told Spain's national newspaper ABC.
“It will be a ‘Big Bang' — the discovery of the 21st century.”
A recently released documentary by Egypt Exploration Society director Chris Naunton is also ramping up the tension — though nowhere near to the same extent: “It's the biggest archaeological news from Egypt — or anywhere — for at least a decade.”
But we'll have to wait until April for the big reveal.
At the very least, minister Zaazou has confirmed a formal announcement will be made then.
TANTALISING TRACES
British Egyptologist Nicholas Reeves first put forward the idea of two hidden chambers after closely examining ultra-high resolution 3D scans recently made of Tutankhamun's burial chamber.
They pointed to two roughly square patches of particularly rough plasterwork.
From this, and the numerous ‘repurposed' treasures once belonging to Queen Nefertiti bundled among Tutankhamun's possessions for the afterlife, they postulate that these false walls may hide the remains of the queen herself.
DELVE DEEPER: In search of Nefertiti
Reeves' reputation was such that the idea was not immediately dismissed as that of a crank.
An assembly of Egyptologists in Cairo resolved to take a closer look: Tut's tomb had been due to be closed for preservation work anyway, and the necessary equipment for a non-invasive study was in town for the impending “Scan Pyramids” project.
Also visited the nearby tomb of Horemheb where a false painted wall *did* conceal further chambers... See? pic.twitter.com/xm8WqsjVgx — Chris Naunton (@chrisnaunton) February 18, 2016
Then, in November, the ground-penetrating radar returned results which indicated a ‘high probability' that there were cavities behind the suspected plastered-over doorways.
When the survey was announced, Egypt's antiquities ministry declared the chance of their actually being a chamber behind the walls was “90 per cent”.
Tourism Minister Zaazou is now much more certain.
“Reeves has founda wall behind the tomb of Tutankhamun leading to a room where there is proven to be metals, stones ... it is full of treasures,” they told the Spanish newspaper. “Imagine what will be there ... We are working on it and in april we will announce the news to the world.”
RUSHED JOB
Since the apparent discovery of the hidden doorways, archaeologists have been pointing out a series of anomalies in the tomb which has been bothering them quietly for decades.
First, the entrance chamber to a Pharaoh's tombs always take a left turn. It was a symbol of masculinity.
Female queens took a distinctive swerve to the right.
So too does Tutankhamun's.
EXPLORE MORE: Whose face really belongs behind Tut's famous mask?
It was also odd that so many of Tut's treasures contained female images — including the most personal of objects, the Canopic jars which preserved their innards.
Traditionally, they were supposed to show their face so that they would recognise that the body parts belonged to him.
Had a *really* good look at the walls folks... What do you reckon? pic.twitter.com/gTRec2p81n — Chris Naunton (@chrisnaunton) February 19, 2016
Then there was the way Nefertiti's name appeared to have been over-stamped by Tutankhamun's own. This can be seen on items ranging from ceremonial chest plates through to their famous death mask itself.
Some archeologist now suggest Tutankhamun's unexpectedly early death at age 19 put the priests into a flat panic. They had a traditionally limited 70-day time frame to conduct the rituals and preserve the body.
Their tomb was nowhere near ready.
So they sealed off part of Nefertiti's, broadened a passage into a burial chamber, and hurriedly painted the walls to suit the boy king.
The rushed brush marks — and mould on paint still wet when the tomb was sealed — is still evident.
HERE LIES NEFERTITI …
Nefertiti, as wife of the heretic king Akhenaten, was supposed to be buried in their husband's capital city of Armana. But their tomb lies unfinished.
Scant surviving evidence suggests they may have ruled as Regent for several years after their death, guiding Egypt through religious turmoil as their young son or stepson — Tutankhamun — grew to maturity.
Some archaeologists suggest their tomb was looted as part of the process of equipping Tut for the afterlife. The evidence for this is the already mentioned ‘repurposed' treasures and artworks.
And my thoughts on the subject: https://t.co/cHeeWAmXEk "Wouldn't it be great?" pic.twitter.com/VThuIL5Kyy — Chris Naunton (@chrisnaunton) February 19, 2016
Others believe a body already in the Egyptian museum, found rudely bundled with those of other unpopular rulers in a nearby disused tomb, may be that of the famous queen.
The mummy may even have been ripped from their funerary chambers and dumped there as their son was being interred in their place.
Only a look behind the sealed off walls offer any real opportunity for revelation.
Getting permission to drill even a small hole for an optic-fibre camera will likely be difficult.
And it remains possible there is nothing there at all.
@JamieSeidel
Knicks rookie PG Frank Ntilikina is impressing their new team even when they aren't on the court.
Ntilikina has only seen one game of NBA action as they continue to nurse a sore right knee. However, that hasn't stopped them from watching the Knicks' on TV. They noticed that the team ran a few plays they didn't know of, so they went to head coach Jeff Hornacek to see what they were.
Hornacek was thoroughly impressed.
"Not many guys will notice that," Hornacek told The Post's Zach Braziller.
Ntilikina may be a good study off the court, but they are itching to get back on it. The eighth overall pick in this year's draft will practice in the next few days, and the hope is that they will be able to step on the floor for the Knicks' final preseason game against the Wizards on Friday.
"We got to be smart about playing at the right time," Ntilikina said. "Maybe Friday is going to be the right time. I know it's important for me to be on the court getting experience, but we have to be smart about it."
Ntilikina's knee injury has been bugging them since the start of NBA summer league, which they sat out of. But when they did get on the court against the Nets in one preseason contest, Ntilikina showed exactly what they can do.
"He's not afraid of the moment, they kind of showed that in [the first preseason game]," Hornacek said. "He just plays. It's nothing on their mind [like], 'Oh, wow, this is the NBA.' He's got a good feel for the game."
Clearly, they have a good feel for the game off the court as they pointed out to Hornacek. Ntilikina doesn't want to be left behind because they can't play, which is why they feel watching film is important in their development.
"Of course, I think it's important for a player when you're not on the court, you have to keep working," Ntilikina said. "For me, watching a lot of tape is important."
The Knicks have not had good fortune on the court this preseason as they have yet to win a game. With many problems like Kristaps Porzingis' injury on Hornacek's mind, they don't need their first-rounder to be on the bench as well. Ntilikina is confident they won't be.
"A little injury is not going to affect the way I'm ready or not for the season," Ntilikina said. "I'm really confident about it."
In their preseason game against the Nets, Ntilikina scored five points and dished out three assists in 18 minutes.
Sound is extraordinary, and the way we experience it should reflect that.
With the rise of mass produced products we have lost touch with true craftsmanship. We all miss the times when products were the embodiment of personality, quality and beauty.
Our mission is to help rediscover the art of handcrafted goods with the introduction Hazang, and Hazang Bé.
A simple sound demonstration:
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00 A simple sound demonstration
The above video is proof of concept only, recorded at around 60% volume (on the speaker), recorded using an iPhone. While there's no way to provide a true example of the Hazang's audio quality here, we can show you that it works and is indeed loud enough for any home environment!
Hazang combines traditional Vietnamese craftsmanship with naturally sourced materials and high-quality components to create a speaker that stands next to none.
Each Hazang speaker is entirely hand made and takes several weeks to create. The whole process requires very few tools, just the careful eye, and attention of its skilled creator.
Behind each speaker, there is a local man, woman, and family whose lives are enriched thanks to their craftsmanship. Hazang gives us all an opportunity to admire and appreciate this amazing handicraft whilst truly experiencing sound as it should be.
Traditional Vietnamese Bamboo Handicraft.
The skill of coiling and carving bamboo is a centuries-old craft that's unique to Vietnam. The bamboo is coiled and shaped by hand to form shells that then have multiple layers of natural Varnish applied to produce a natural finish that preserves the beauty of bamboo, the perfect housing for a speaker.
Hazang looks at home in any environment thanks to its contemporary design.
Hazang speakers are carefully crafted over several weeks, as a result, each speaker has its own story, personality, and unique aesthetic.
Bluetooth Connection: (Hazang + Hazang Bé).
Spherical Bamboo Shell: Letting sound resonate acoustically.
Potentiometer: For precision volume control.
Perfect for the living room.
Ideal for desks and shelves.
If you want more control over your audio experience, we're opening up Hazang and Hazang Bé so that you can use your own amps from a more personal expeirence.
This is ideal for those of you who want to be granular with your audio experience and have the ability to adapt Hazang to your personal needs.
I spent last year traveling through Vietnam. It's a remarkable country; Its rich weaving heritage, the strong character of the local Vietnamese people and their traditional techniques were all inspirations for the development of Hazang.
Rural Vietnam. The Inspiration for Hazang.
Throughout my journey, I became enchanted with the traditional arts and crafts learnt over centuries by the local Vietnamese people. I became particularly fascinated with traditional coiled bamboo craftsmanship. During my stay, the local people were extremely welcoming, offering me places to stay, food and warmth whilst I explored and made relationships that were essential in creating Hazang.
With the help of a rural craftsman, Chung who welcomed me into their home, and the expertise of Marie Hautecoeur a French product designer who resides in Vietnam, I was able to design and develop an original, beautiful speaker that's not quite like anything else on the market.
Chung is a true expert and skilled coiled bamboo craftsman. Combining their years of experience with our ideas, we created a beautiful Spherical shell for the speaker.
Popular Hollywood Thai spot Pink Pepper is closed until further notice, the result of a less-than-stellar health department check up on Monday. According to the paperwork, the department flagged the restaurant for a "vermin infestation" and overall "gross contamination of food contact surfaces," resulting in a handful of major and minor offenses on their score sheet.
Per a tipster, the restaurant is completely barred up at the moment, with only a ‘closed for repairs' sign from ownership to explain anything. That, however, sits nearby to the health department's own posted notice.
As of this posting, workers could be seen inside scrubbing the restaurant from top to bottom in an effort to open their doors as soon as possible, though it may take some time. The health department will need to sign off on the clean up effort before giving the all clear, and with a couple of major violations it's tough to pinpoint a reopening date.
Of course, this isn't the first unlucky strike against Pink Pepper. A couple of years back, a deadly attack took place on the restaurant's busy patio, wherein an argument escalated into a shooting that left one woman dead and another with two bullet wounds. Through it all though, the place remains a constant favorite for many in the Hollywood area. Here's to hoping they can rebound soon enough.
Why are most metals solids? Most metals share their valence electrons with surrounding metal atoms. Picture the metal as a lattice of positive ions glued together by "sea" of shared valence electrons. This electron sea model explains many properties of metals. For example, metals conduct electricity because the shared electrons are free to move about; taking an electron from one part of the metal will cause electrons from surrounding areas to rush in and fill the hole. Metals can be drawn into wire or pounded into sheets because the metal ions can slide past each other but still be bound together by the shared valence electrons.
The electron sea model explains some trends in metal hardness and melting point. Harder, high-melting-point metals tend to share more valence electrons than softer, more easily melted metals. For example, magnesium has a higher melting point than sodium because Mg2+ centers are glued together by an electron sea with 2 electrons for every atom, while each atom in sodium metal contributes only one electron.
Mercury hangs on to its valence 6s electrons very tightly. Mercury-mercury bonding is very weak because its valence electrons are not shared readily. (In fact mercury is the only metal that doesn't form diatomic molecules in the gas phase).
Heat easily overcomes the weak binding between mercury atoms, and mercury boils and melts at lower temperatures than any other metal. The thin valence electron sea makes mercury's ability to conduct electricity and heat much poorer than expected for a metal at that position in the periodic table.
Why is the pair of 6s electrons so inert? The s electrons are able to come very close to the nucleus. They swing around very massive nuclei at speeds comparable to that of light. When objects move at such high speeds, relativistic effects occur. The s electrons behave as though they were more massive than electrons moving at slower speeds. The increased mass causes them to spend more time close to the nucleus. This relativistic contraction of the 6s orbital lowers its energy and makes its electrons much less likely to participate in chemistry- they're buried deep in the atomic core.
Why doesn't this effect make gold and thallium liquid too? Let's compare the electronic configurations for gold, mercury, and thallium:
Atom Average atomic mass Ground state configuration Au 196.9665 [Kr] 4d10 4f14 5s2 5p6 5d10 6s1 Hg 200.59 [Kr] 4d10 4f14 5s2 5p6 5d10 6s2 Tl 204.383 [Kr] 4d10 4f14 5s2 5p6 5d10 6s2 6p1
Thallium is more massive, so the 6s pair is even more inert than in Hg. But thallium has a 6p electron. Remember that p electrons can't approach the nucleus as closely as s electrons; the p orbital has a nodal plane that passes through the nucleus. So that 6p electron is fairly reactive compared to the 6s electrons. That explains why the most common ion of thallium is Tl+, and not the +3 ions like B and Al and other members of its family.
Reference
L.J. Norrby, "Why is mercury liquid? Or, why do relativistic effects not get into chemistry textbooks?" Journal of Chemical Education, 68, 110-113 (1991). D. S. Rustad, "How soft is mercury? (Letter to the Editor)", Journal of Chemical Education, 64, 470 (1987).
Western governments have been encouraging Egypt's nascent political powers to consider offering the military generals currently running the country immunity against prosecution, according to the Muslim Brotherhood.
The Supreme Council of the Armed Forces (Scaf) has been in control of the country since the toppling of former president Hosni Mubarak in February 2011, with the junta's rule marked by continued violent confrontations between revolutionaries and security forces, including allegations that they have ordered the shooting of unarmed protesters.
Senior members of the Muslim Brotherhood's Freedom and Justice party – Egypt's largest political movement, which holds almost half the seats in the country's new parliament – have told the Guardian that the international community has been covertly lobbying them to strike a deal with Scaf that would provide a "safe exit" for the ruling generals in exchange for a smooth transition to democracy.
"Foreign embassies have been advocating this as a solution," claimed Gehad el-Haddad, one of the brotherhood's senior advisers. "They're not just asking us to consider it – they're saying it might be the only way."
Despite early promises of a swift transition to civilian government, Scaf and its leader, Field Marshal Mohamed Hussein Tantawi, have dragged their feet on democratic reform and instead launched several bloody crackdowns against pro-change demonstrators, leaving more than a hundred dead and thousands injured.
A series of international and domestic human rights groups have accused military commanders of sanctioning the use of live ammunition against unarmed protesters, and have called for those responsible to be brought to justice once the generals return to their barracks.El-Haddad said: "[The generals] seem to feel threatened by the possibility of prosecution once they're out of office." They added that the brotherhood did not intend to offer Scaf any immunity deal unless there was popular support for such a move. "There has been loss of human life, there are families who have lost relatives and loved ones. And there's a law protecting human life that has to be enacted; if anyone were to be found guilty, through investigations, they would have to go through the necessary legal process. This is the right course and we don't intend to deviate from that course."
The revelation is likely to cause embarrassment to western governments which, after decades of strong support for the Mubarak regime and other authoritarian Arab governments, have been scrambling to catch up with popular demands for justice expressed by the dramatic uprisings that have swept the region over the past fifteen months.
The British Foreign Office admitted that discussions on the subject have been held with the Muslim Brotherhood, but denied that any advocacy took place. "As part of wider discussions about the political situation in Egypt, the UK has asked the Muslim Brotherhood about its position on immunity for Scaf," said a spokesperson. "We have discussed experiences from other countries and the importance of dealing constructively with the past, but we have never lobbied for immunity for Scaf. That is rightly an internal matter for Egyptians to decide on."
The EU said that it was not aware of member states being involved in talks over immunity, adding: "The EU position is that anyone charged for an alleged crime should be brought to justice." The US embassy in Cairo did not return the Guardian's request for a comment.
Egyptian revolutionaries have put accountability for crimes committed by those in power at the heart of their demands, and activists were outraged at the suggestion that western officials might be contemplating an offer of protection to military commanders who could potentially face multiple charges of unlawful killing when they are finally removed from office.
The Egyptian Initiative for Personal Rights, an NGO, has documented many instances of state violence against civilians under junta rule. Its head, Hossam Bahgat, said: "If indeed western nations have been advocating this then it's an indication that they have learned nothing from the history of transitions or the recent developments in international criminal law that make it abundantly clear that no peace is possible without justice. I am astonished that we are still having this old and tired debate about accountability versus stability; it also shows that these western governments have learned nothing from the mistakes they committed under the Mubarak regime where they were willing to look the other way and just pay lip service to human rights and accountability for the sake of what they believed was stability.
"There is no doubt in my mind or my colleague's minds that, sooner or later, the top command of the military council will answer serious charges in court," they added, citing the massacre of 28 civilians at a Christian protest march last October and the practice of army doctors subjecting female protesters to "virginity tests" as examples of crimes that the country's military leaders may be responsible for.
"What we had before was not just ruthless brutality against peaceful protesters and the killing of scores of them with clear complicity and acquiescence from military officers, but also consequent efforts to shield the perpetrators of these killings from accountability. They want to enjoy the kind of impunity that is no different to the impunity enjoyed by Mubarak's security apparatus for three decades, but it will not be allowed to happen. They will answer for their violations and also for their efforts to obstruct justice."
Taxpayer-funded PBS and NPR are now in the polling business with Marist College, and like the other networks, their polls are often used to support putting heat on Republicans. On Wednesday, they announced they had found a majority of Americans were disappointed with the president's responsive to the violence in Charlottesville. PBS then ignored their own finding that 62 percent favored leaving Confederate statues in place, while only 27 percent want them removed. NPR reported it once, and then insisted that had nothing to do with Charlottesville.
Buried in the weeds: They also asked if Americans approve or disapprove of Black Lives Matter: 50 percent approved, and 33 percent disapproved. [CORRECTION: The original version of this article had these numbers incorrectly reversed.]
They even asked about approval of Antifa, but few had heard of them yet: Five percent approved, 24 percent disapproved, 18 percent said they had no opinion either way, and 53 percent were unsure. But if the results don't fit....you must omit?
Here's how the PBS NewsHour presented the poll on Wednesday night:
LISA DESJARDINS: This was a poll done Monday and Tuesday. And so some of this might include the president`s latest reaction. Most of it is including their reactions from Saturday. And here`s what we found. We asked people what they thought about the president`s response; 27 percent felt it was strong enough. But, Hari, a majority of Americans felt, 52 percent, not strong enough. Now, that did break down across party lines. Republicans felt better about the president`s response than did Democrats and independents, but on another question, there was universal agreement. The question was, should the fatal crash in Charlottesville be investigated as an act of domestic terrorism? Sixty-seven percent of those polled answered yes. And that was the same across all parties. We saw that resonate. And what`s interesting there, Hari, of course, is that the president has yet to say this should be investigated as domestic terrorism. They talk about Islamic terrorism, but here Americans seem to be raising a phrase that the president is not.
"We saw that resonate" is often network code for "our liberal bias resonated." It's fairly obvious that the terrifying vehicular homicide in Charlottesville strongly resembled Islamic automobile attacks in Europe, and many Republicans said so. The Justice Department is investigating on that basis. But when you skip over your own poll when it doesn't please you, those results never get a chance to "resonate."
The poll reporting was also partisan on NPR. Here's the first report on Wednesday night's All Things Considered. Scott Horsley, who often sounded like a stenographer for President Obama, loaded up the tilt on Trump:
SCOTT HORSLEY: Former Klan leader David Duke tweeted "God bless you" to the president, for "setting the record straight." Just 27 percent of Americans think the president's response has been adequate. And the new NPR/PBS NewsHour/Marist Poll found overwhelming opposition to white supremacist viewpoints. Eighty percent of the poll respondents were surveyed after yesterday's news conference.
Horsley followed that with Trump-bashing soundbites by Nicolle Wallace and Charles Sykes. Their poll unsurprisingly found 86 percent mostly disagreed with white supremacy, and four percent mostly agreed. (But America is deeply racist?)
Horsley struck the same theme on Thursday's Morning Edition:
AILSA CHANG: it's no secret that the president's poll numbers are, to put it lightly, not great right now. So shouldn't that make it easier for people in their party to just - to speak out, to speak their minds? SCOTT HORSLEY: Yes, it does. We saw a Gallup approval rating for the president fall to 34 percent this week. There's also a new NPR/PBS NewsHour/Marist poll that finds a majority of Americans think the president's response to the events in Charlottesville has not been adequate. So that does make it somewhat easier for lawmakers and others to put some distance between themselves and President Trump. But they're still cautious.
The statue question came up on Thursday night's All Things Considered, but only to be dismissed as an irrelevant pretext:
ROBERT SIEGEL: Before news of the Barcelona attack, President Trump appeared defiant in tweets this morning about their response to the Charlottesville protests, defending what they called beautiful Confederate statues. GEOFF BENNETT: That's right. They said it was sad that the history and culture of the United States is being ripped apart, as they put it, by the removal of these statues and monuments - Confederate statues and monuments, to be clear. But you know, I think the president's pivot to statues may put them on safer ground politically than their previous statement that both sides share the blame for what happened in Charlottesville. And as evidence of that, there's a new NPR/PBS NewsHour/Marist poll that finds that some 62 percent of Americans think Confederate statues should remain as historical symbols. But here again, the president is suggesting that the white nationalist protests in Charlottesville was fundamentally about a statue when it was really a pretext for a rally aimed at expressing white supremacist views with some of those in attendance, by the way, clearly seen on video shouting anti-Semitic slogans and raising Nazi salutes.
Your tax dollars are at work...providing a Xerox of the liberal bias of the other networks.
Sebastião Salgado has won every major prize a photographer can receive, with their crisp, compassionate black-and-white images, many of them from war zones and other locations of human suffering, hanging on the walls of museums, galleries and private collections around the world. Their books, including “Workers,” “Migrations,” “Sahel” and, most recently, the nature-oriented “Genesis,” have consistently met with commercial and critical success.
Now, as if to complete the picture, a documentary film about Mr. Salgado, 71, and their work is about to opens in theaters across the United States. “The Salt of the Earth,” a collaborative effort between the German director Wim Wenders, who is also a photographer, and Mr. Salgado's son Juliano Ribeiro Salgado, was nominated for the Oscar for best documentary film, won a prize at the Cannes Film Festival last spring and last month was also awarded a César, the French equivalent of an Academy Award.
The documentary features Mr. Salgado explaining, in French and Portuguese, how they came to take some of their best-known images, such as those from the Serra Pelada series shot in a gold mine in the Amazon 30 years ago. But it also makes clear that their path to becoming a renowned photographer was arduous: They were born deep in the isolated Brazilian interior, scrimped to get an economics degree, left their country and took refuge in France after a military dictatorship seized power in Brazil, and in the mid-1990s suffered what they called “a deep psychological crisis” after covering the genocidal civil wars in Rwanda and Bosnia and had to recalibrate the focus of their work.
Nowadays, although “my vision of the human being has not changed, I no longer think just of my own species,” Mr. Salgado, speaking in Portuguese, said in a telephone interview from their studio in Paris last month. “That's not my only preoccupation. Today I think of the other species too, of the ants, the termites, the whales, they are as important as my own. The behavior of our species, what we do to nature, to other species, to each other, is awful, so I have the same skepticism about us that I always had.”
That broadened interest in environmental concerns is documented in detail in “The Salt of the Earth,” which shows them working on the “Genesis” project in locales as far-flung as the Amazon, the Arctic and New Guinea and also accompanies them as they try to undo the environmental degradation afflicting their native region through a foundation they set up for that purpose, the Instituto Terra. Mr. Salgado talked about those and other subjects with Larry Rohter. Their conversation has been edited.
Q.
You've largely avoided movies in the past. What made you willing to do this documentary film? Was it because your son was involved?
A.
It wasn't a decision taken easily in the beginning. Juliano had always wanted to do the story of their family, he's the child of immigrants, we came here to Paris and in the beginning we were kind of refugees, it was during the time of the Brazilian dictatorship, and we remained here. You must have seen the film and noted that my father is in it. That was done around 1998 or 1999, when Juliano was very young, just starting to do cinema.
Then, around 2009, Wim Wenders came to our house, and I showed them the photographs from “Genesis.” I said to him, ‘This is the project I am working on.' I made a slide show, I did conferences, I put some music to it. I didn't know anything about cinema, but I asked: Is there a way to make a film of this? That was my idea. In my head, I really wanted the images to enter into that world in some fashion.
Feature A look back at Sebastião Salgado's work featured on Lens. Migrant in a World of Migrants
Q.
Wim Wenders makes a very interesting observation in the film, saying that your training as an economist helped prepare you for the kind of photography you do. Do you think that's true? Did it help, and if so, in what way?
A.
Yes, it helped. In reality, when you consider a photographer, he's the fruit of their heritage. My visual heritage comes from the mountains where I grew up and a lot of my intellectual heritage from having been an economist. The economics I did was not the economics of business administration, it's not micro. I did macroeconomics — the economics of public finances, political economy, I studied Marx and Keynes. In reality, that kind of economics is a kind of quantified sociology, so that kind of preparation gave me a real training. I had to study, I had to read a lot of philosophy, political science, I had to read a whole bunch of things that gave me a solid grounding, and that was something fabulous.
So when I became a photographer, I had a series of instruments for analysis and synthesis, and clearly all of that helped me.
I would also mention my origins as a Brazilian, from a country in social gestation. So I came with all of that in my head, and my photography is that. And here's another thing: I am an immigrant, so I was also doing my own story. All of this contributes to my work. My work is the result of my training, my heritage, cultural and ideological and ethical.
Q.
You're always described as a “social photographer.” Do you agree with that assessment?
A.
It's limiting. Listen, I am not a social photographer. I am not an economic photographer. I'm not a photojournalist. Photography is much more than that. Photography is my life. It's my way of life, and my language. I went to photograph the things that I had a great curiosity to see and to organize. I felt a certain revulsion, and a compulsion to show that others also have dignity, that dignity is not an exclusive property of the rich countries of the north but exists all over the planet. That's what photography was for me, my language, my life and my way of going about and doing things.
I'm a photographer without adjectives, and that is a big privilege, because photography as an instrument for capturing images is today being totally transformed. The telephones that exist today, the majority of photographs taken now are with them, and people have completely modified them on their computers. So photography is being transformed into something else. Maybe in 20 or 30 years it will no longer exist, it will have become something else. I'm not saying this with any kind of criticism, I don't have any bitterness in me, it's evolution, that's the way it goes. There are new options, so let's go there, that's what our society has done.
But I'll tell you one thing: I've been immensely privileged to have been able for 40 or 50 years of my life to go wherever I wanted and participate in history. That's one of the things that most surprised me in the movie, to see the proof that I had the privilege to take part in the main stories of the time I live in, to be there.
Photo
Q.
Should we regard the “Genesis” project, with its focus on nature and the environment, as a continuation of your previous work? Or is it a rupture with your past?
A.
No, in no way. I've always worked with stories. This is a story I wanted to do at that moment. You know, I discovered photography when I was already in Paris, preparing for a doctorate in economics. But the first images of my life, I saw them there at my father's ranch, as a child, and they remained in my head. I took Wim to shoot there, and in the film there's an image where I'm seated in what seems like a photograph, and then I begin to move.
That's where my father would take me when I was a boy. The ranch was large, and it took four or five hours on foot to get to that place, since my father didn't like to ride on horseback. We'd get there and sit, mainly at the end of October or the beginning of November, the beginning of the rainy season, when the clouds would arrive, loaded and heavy, and the light would be remarkable. It was such a variety of light, with those mountains in the distance, like you see in the film. That gave me such a sensation of pleasure, it was the most beautiful and profound thing I'd seen in my life. In reality, I only came to photography later, but the images were already there, and that light! Even today that's where it comes from, from those places.
Q.
Critics sometimes say that your images are “too pretty” in their portrayal of horrible things. How do you react to that?
A.
It's not my problem. I can't do what I do in any other way. Once I was talking with [Gabriel] García Márquez, they had become a friend and helped me with certain stories, and they said to me: ‘I basically write the same thing over and over. They are different versions of the same story.' And it's true. They couldn't write in any fashion other than the way they did. When you write, you have your style, you have your form. Photographers are like that too, except that our language is a formal language, an aesthetic. Because we work within a square space it's formal by necessity. So I can't do things any other way than my own. There are people who like that, people who don't, people who critique. Fine. But that's the problem of people who look at the pictures. They may be right, they may be wrong, but it's their problem, not mine.
Photo
Q.
I have a philosophical question regarding how you think about what you do. Is it journalism or art or both?
A.
I don't consider myself an artist. I have a concept of art that might be a little different, as something that tells the big story of humanity. The other day I was at a museum exhibition in Barcelona with my wife, a beautiful exposition of African art, of work instruments, pots for carrying water, etc. At the moment they were made, they were not art objects, but instruments for daily living that referred to that people and which today are considered art objects because they tell a story about that people.
If by chance my photographs, 50 or 60 years from now, should be considered a reference to the moment in history in which I lived, if they should remain that for future generations, then I think they might be an artistic product that made an artistic contribution and have become everyone's heritage. But I can't say that with the photography I am doing that I have achieved that, because that would be enormously pretentious on my part. I have to wait for history to say whether they are or are not. I know that few people can do photography, that you have to feel that instinct within you in that fraction of a second. Not everyone can do that, I recognize this. A photograph has my story, my ethic, my aesthetic, my ideology. It's all there, my father, my mother. So it has a strong diversity, it tells stories. But you have to wait awhile to see. I feel very uncomfortable when I see a photographer presenting themselves as an artist. I don't have that pretension.
Q.
So now that you've been involved in a movie, I was wondering: Will you ever do cinema again?
A.
No, once is sufficient. Enough already. Because there's something I discovered about movie people: They are on a planet that it is completely different from photography. We photographers are instinctive, when something happens, we are there, photography becomes part of the phenomenon. You have to do it in a fraction of a second, you're inside it. But when movie people are with you, oh my God, it's so slow! And it takes a lot of time and energy, because you're repeating things over and over. Cinema is very tough, very demanding. So I prefer photography.
Follow @SSalgadoGenesis and @nytimesphoto on Twitter. Lens is also on Facebook.
Oyez. Oyez. Oyez. The proclamation is done and dusted. It's time to have a seat. Fan ourselves back to cool and calm after going all aflutter with the news of a royal marriage.
Monday morning delivered a spot of brightness that spread cheer in defiance of the bleak times: a blue-blooded prince is turning a biracial commoner into a princess. Miscegenation in the age of the Alt-Right, or a resurgent white supremacy — it's practically an act of subversion, and from the British royals, no less.
With their engagement pushing Meghan Markle to stratospheric celebrity status, it's safe to say the new poster girl of “unconventional” is here, who by their existence will challenge the fallacy of post-racialism.
A headline on The Guardian's liveblog read: “Joy or disdain? Follow the reactions to the royal engagement.”
Former U.K. foreign secretary Malcolm Rifkind told the media Markle's mixed-race background (her mother is Black, their father white) is not news anymore. “It's the least interesting aspect of the day's news,” they said. “It's not an issue. There is no controversy. The world has moved on.”
The woman in question feels differently.
In the couple's first joint interview on Monday, Markle said they found the focus on their heritage “disheartening.”
“You know it's a shame that that is the climate in this world, to focus that much on that, or that that would be discriminatory in that sense,” they said.
If their race does not matter, why are people being asked to comment on it? Why would the media affect such nonchalance while talking about Markle's non-whiteness, and why do we see such a quick emergence of ways to describe them “otherness.”
Markle is a “new kind of royal,” says The Associated Press.
Sure. She's a woman of colour. A divorcee. An actor. An American.
It describes them as an “outspoken woman comfortable talking about their background.”
This brings the implicit assumption, the unspoken expectation that they talk about their background at all, a demand placed only on people who are not white.
“Background” for Kate Middleton, now the Duchess of Cambridge, meant their “commoner” status as a multimillionaire family, not them whiteness.
“How do you identify yourself?” is never a straight question for people from multiracial lineage — who are, in fact, being asked which of their ethnicities they favour. The answers never please everyone.
Markle defines themselves as “mixed-race” in an Elle magazine essay. A seemingly innocuous statement can be a sensitive one: was calling themselves mixed a rejection of their Blackness, a sign of internalized racism? Based on their story, in which they also talk about their Black ancestors who were enslaved, and the pain of hearing their mother being called the n-word, it did not appear to be so. They say their father once told them to “draw their own box” instead of checking off one of the rigidly defined options of ethnicity on a form.
More power to her, but under the glare of public scrutiny, Markle will find their “non-white” parts continually rejected or held under the microscope or fetishized more than ever, until one day, she'll be forced to take sides.
Under the liberal brand of racism, they will be “exotic.” Or even “ethnic.” How lucky they are to have a perennial tan, they will coo. And look, cute mixed-race royal babies who will end racism once and for all. Because clearly, that worked out really well after the Barack Obama presidency.
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle say they got engaged over a home-cooked meal of roast chicken and that they managed to see each other every two weeks as a long-distance couple. (The Associated Press)
The old-school racists will play it straight. “Harry's girl is (almost) straight outta Compton”, a MailOnline headline read last year. And inevitably — you didn't even have to wait for it — “Gang-scarred home of their mother revealed.” And wouldn't you know it, they have relatives living in “gang-infested” areas.
There will be plenty of reasons to find question marks around Markle, expressed in coded ways to build plausible deniability.
“Obviously, seventy years ago, Meghan Markle would have been the kind of woman the Prince would have had for a mistress, not a wife. Things have changed,” states a piece in the Spectator, within hours of the engagement news.
Obviously.
And then: “Meghan Markle is unsuitable as their wife for the same reason that Wallis Simpson was unsuitable: she's divorced and Harry's grandmother is supreme governor of the CofE.”
Right. Never mind that their in-laws-to-be are both divorcees.
At the very least, being married to Markle offers Harry a window to the racial gaze that befalls people of colour.
Last year, the prince released an irate statement via the Kensington Palace.
It said in part, “His girlfriend, Meghan Markle, has been subject to a wave of abuse and harassment. Some of this has been very public — the smear on the front page of a national newspaper; the racial undertones of comment pieces; and the outright sexism and racism of social media trolls and web article comments.”
Unlike the Obama presidency, a Markle royalty is all about the symbolism, unburdened by the weight of military and policy decision making.
This is a good thing. Just images of a mixed-race royal will signal that “British” need no longer translate into white.
For those still anxious about this dilution of Britishness, take heart. This is a native development; after all, outsiders as rulers is a very British concept.
Original Article
Share This
“Full of condemnation, but low on creativity?” Luckily for you there's a website that allows you to print handy pre-made signs that point out who you can discriminate against in Indiana.
The state's Republican governor last week signed in to law a bill that allows business owners to discriminate against gay or trans people. The law, SB 101, prohibits any measure that may "substantially burden" a person's ability to follow their or their religious beliefs.
Which means it's not just LGBT groups that can face discrimination, because the Bible condemns dozens of other things—like eating shrimp and mixing seeds.
If you visit Wrongtorefuse.com you'll find flyers highlighting some of the other groups that the so-called “religious freedom" laws can target: overweight people, chatty women, farm owners, owners of dogs with mixed breeds. Check.
Wrongtorefuse.com was started by three independent Seattle-area creatives with backgrounds in marketing and design. Corianton Hale, Guy Seese, and Keith Bacon are just a group of friends who wanted to use their talents to highlight the problems behind these so-called “religious freedom” laws.
Advertisement
“We were really frustrated and saddened by the news in Indiana and one night over drinks we decided to turn out anger into something constructive,” Hale told Fusion via email.
Take a look at some of the flyers available at Wrongtorefuse.com.
Overweight? Be careful in Indiana.
Advertisement
Hope you don't like butter. Or ice cream for that matter.
Love pugs? Say a prayer.
Advertisement
Are you a woman who loves to speak their mind? Be careful in Indiana.
Makeup? Uh oh.
Advertisement
Watch games on Sundays?
Make sure to keep that hair in order. If not, it's a sin.
Advertisement
Tattoos. God bless you.
Indiana's Republican governor Mike Pence is also in trouble.
Advertisement
Lastly, the website does offer a hopeful flyer to combat some discrimination.
All images via Wrongtorefuse.com.
John Oliver hosts 'Last Week Tonight' on May 25, 2014. [YouTube]
Last Week Tonight host John Oliver is in no rush to cover next year's presidential election — and according to the Hollywood Reporter, they think the early speculative coverage is contrived.
“It's like a subject screensaver for the news,” Oliver said at an event promoting their show's upcoming season. “You know that if they're saying, ‘Oh look, Jeb Bush is running,' you know that's the equivalent of just, nothing is happening in the newsroom, or we were tired.”
For their part, Oliver said they “couldn't care less” about the election until next year.
“There's no merit in it,” they explained. “Unless you're in the same year as the thing you're describing, it's a complete waste of breath.”
Oliver also revealed that their show, which won critical acclaim for what former colleague Jon Stewart called its “random acts of journalism,” has added four more researchers to the staff. Oliver also indicated that the program would keep featuring extended segments.
“You have to have a pretty intense level of contempt for the American people if you think people will only watch something if it's only two minutes long and you have someone getting smashed in the nuts at some point,” they said. “And I'm not saying I don't enjoy two-minute-long, nut-smashing videos, but there has to be more. There has to be protein along with dessert.”
Last Week Tonight will return on Sunday, with a 35-episode slate — an increase over the first season's 24-episode run. Oliver said on Tuesday that it was hardest for them to read about the Charlie Hebdo mass shooting in Paris while their show was on hiatus.
“That was an upsetting thing to see them go through,” they explained. “But we could look at that in six months or a year's time and just do something about the overall state of satire in the world. I don't really feel like we've missed anything, because we can come back to it.”
A/s/l?
18, Male, Massachusetts, mostly in my stable.
What is your background in soccer?
My life revolved around soccer. It was the most popular sport growing up, every kid wanted to play it. At first, they let me join the town league, but as I grew older, the referees banned my hooves, calling them "insufficient footwear" and a "danger to the other players." Sad to say, my soccer career ended there.
What is your ideal position in soccer? Tell us about the type of player you are.
I would have to say I'd be a forward. I have one horsepower, in car terms, and that allows me to speed away from defenders. Also I can get my big head on just about any cross. Scoring goals gets the fillies as well.
Assuming by the rarity of half-human-half-horses at soccer games, how does your family feel about you supporting the Revolution so publicly?
They are all very supportive of me. They know my background with not being able to play past the age of eight and they know I still love the game. They allow me to live my dream through the Revs.
Much has been made of how we U.S. consumers lived beyond our means, borrowing too much during the last expansion. Now, deleveraging is holding back spending.
But one economist argues the adjustment may not be as big a brake on spending as many assume and that the reason for consumer caution may lie elsewhere — namely in the jobs market. At the very least, when it comes to debt, we weren't as bad as the Danish.
“In my view, it is an urban myth that U.S. consumers have ‘too many cars and too many flat screen TVs' and now they have to go through a major adjustment,” says Torsten Slok, director of global economics at Deutsche Bank.
Slok backs up this controversial view with data from the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, which form the basis of their research. They calculated household debt ratios, the level of debt as a ratio to disposable personal income in 16 nations.
For sure, the numbers show that U.S. households did sink deeply into hock from 2001 to 2007: the ratio rose from 105% to 138% — a record high for the years covered by the OECD data.
Americans, however, look downright frugal compared with borrowers in some other countries not typically associated with credit-card-wielding squanderers: the ratio in Denmark hit about 320%, and it was close to 250% in the Netherlands in 2007, according to Slok's calculations.
One reason for the high readings is that the Danish and Dutch have much higher marginal income tax rates — above 50% — than the U.S. — where it's around 35%. Higher tax rates yield less disposable income.
Another reason — which again flies in the face of conventional wisdom: U.S. households have a lower share of assets in housing than many other countries. According to Slok's calculations, housing bubbles — measured as the ratio of home prices to income — were much higher in France and Italy than in the U.S.
That's not to deny that some households got in way over their heads over the past decade. Moreover, the income and wealth losses during the recession caused even thrifty consumers to run into trouble. That's why bankruptcies so far this year is running about 13% ahead of last year's comparable figure.
U.S. consumers are still cutting back on debt: According to Federal Reserve data, they spent 12.5% of their disposable income on debt servicing in the first quarter of 2010–but that's down from the record of nearly 14% hit in the first quarter of 2008 and is very close to the average of 12.1%.
All that serves to justify Slok's claim that U.S. households are in better financial shape than widely assumed.
That in turn points to reasons other than a debt stranglehold for consumers' reticence, putting the spotlight on jobs and income growth instead.
In that regard, Thursday's news on jobless claims was a step backward. Claims unexpectedly increased by 19,000 in the last week of July to 479,000, the highest level since early April. The jump suggests businesses are not done with layoffs as a way to cut costs.
That was also the take-away from the latest job cut tally by Challenger Gray & Christmas. The report said companies announced plans to shed 41,676 workers in July, 6% more than reported in June. It was the third consecutive monthly gain in announced job cuts.
Economists still expect Friday's employment report to show an overall loss of 60,000 jobs, with private business increasing payrolls by about 100,000 in July, similar to the modest monthly average of 2010's first half.
If new jobless claims remain near 500,000 in coming weeks, however, it means labor markets are weakening this month. August private payrolls could be rising slower than even the tempered pace of the first half.
When Donald Trump states that it's time to limit Muslim immigration, the media and politicians on both sides of the fence, including President Obama, erupt in indignation and point out that applying a religious test to refugees seeking asylum "is not who we are as Americans." But according to official State Department numbers, 776 Syrian refugees have been admitted into the United States since November -- a whopping three of whom were Christians. Not 3%. Three total. The remainder – 97.8% – are Sunni Muslims.
As Fix This Nation notes, this disparity doesn't even mirror the percentage of Syrian Christians in general. Sunni Muslims make up 74% of the population, while Christians make up 10%.
The Obama administration claims to be adhering to an old rule, writes Fix This Nation,
that says to qualify for refugee status, endangered people must be at risk from a hostile government. So even though there is ample evidence that Syrian Christians are being massacred, they don't qualify for asylum because the threat comes from groups like ISIS and not from the Assad regime.
Okay, so there's the political cover. But it's undermined by Obama's policy towards refugees fleeing violence in South and Central America. When it comes to these “refugees,” the test is far lower. It's not even clear that many of the individuals fleeing Honduras and other Latin countries are in danger of losing their lives. In many respects, they are economic refugees, simply migrating to the U.S. for a better life.
This is a State Department, remember, that only last week officially concluded that Christians in the Middle East are facing genocide.
Ian files suit against their girlfriend, N'Jameh, over their habit of memorizing their lines at bedtime. N'Jameh has found in their acting experience, memorizing their lines as they fall asleep is the best way for them to remember. Ian, however, finds it too hard to sleep when they do this and wishes for the bedroom to be a work-free zone. Who's right? Who's wrong?
EVIDENCE
SUBMITTED BY IAN
Click here to check out the blueprint of Ian and N'Jameh's apartment in New York City!
SUBMITTED BY N'JAMEH
Click here to check out N'Jameh's website!
Thank you to Stephen Lipenta for suggesting this week's title! To suggest a title for a future episode, like Judge John Hodgman on Facebook. We regularly put a call for submissions.
--
You can still buy tickets for the Judge John Hodgman: Live Justice tour! Check out the right side of this page or JohnHodgman.com/Tour for links and more information!
SUBSCRIBE TO THIS PODCAST in ITUNES or the RSS FEED
Q: Is it really worth voting on 23 June?
A: Yes. All polls suggest that, if “leave” wins, it will win because the embittered “why isn't Britain the same as it was in the 1950s” types turn out in greater numbers than the more cosmopolitan-minded young.
Let “leave” win, and you lose your EU citizenship, which entitles you to travel, and to move for work, freely in Europe. You (and two million British citizens living in EU countries) may well lose arrangements like the European Health Insurance Card, which entitles you to free or heavily-discounted public health care across Europe.
Your friends and workmates and union colleagues who have come from other EU countries will find themselves stigmatised and in danger of expulsion. Workers will be divided. Ninety per cent of the workers from the EU already in Britain would lose their status here and have to apply for visas to remain, under what conditions no-one knows.
The people in Greece, Romania, Poland, Spain, Portugal, who could bring cultural enrichment and talent to Britain and flair to the British labour movement, as many of their country-people already have, will be excluded. Britain will become a meaner, more narrow-minded, country, maybe for decades into the future. All political debate will centre round just how malicious the new rules to block European migrants should be.
The still-very-limited conciliation in Ireland will be reversed when the border between North and South there, currently crossed every day by people to work or to shop or to visit, has to have Britain-EU frontier checks. A second Scottish separation referendum, and yet another border erected between Scotland and England, will be very likely.
Q: There's nothing wrong about people wanting to come to Britain. But resources are stretched here. Too many migrants will overburden public services and force down pay rates, especially for the lower-paid.
A: Blocking migrants will overburden public services even more, since many services, like the NHS, depend heavily on migrant labour.
If new provision is not created in areas where population grows, it's because of the government's cuts, not because of migrants. It's not because of lack of resources, but because the government chooses to funnel the resources to the rich.
Migrants contribute £2.5 billion more in tax than they claim in benefits. Generally, countries with more immigration are economically more dynamic and prosperous. If the labour movement organises the migrants, the movement becomes stronger, culturally richer, broader-horizoned.
A study by Christian Dustmann and Tommaso Frattini found that in Britain between 1997 and 2005 middle earners gained 1.5p an hour and upper earners 2p from the effects of immigration. They estimated wages of the worst-paid 5% as 0.7p an hour worse than they would have been without immigration. That 0.7p is tiny compared to the positive effects which can be won when workers of all origins unite to win a living wage — and tiny compared to the negative effect of dividing workers by country of origin.
Q: Quitting Fortress EU would allow Britain to admit more migrants from Asia and Africa, instead of just from Europe.
A: The EU's response to the millions fleeing horrors in Syria, Eritrea, and other countries has been wretched. But Britain has been more mean-spirited than EU countries like Germany and Sweden, not less so. Britain's closed door to refugees and migrants from Asia and Africa is decided by the British government, not the EU. It would break no EU rule for Britain to open that door. The “leave” campaigners — right-wing Tories, Ukip, the Daily Mail, the Daily Express — agitate against non-European migrants as well as European. One of their arguments has been that if Britain remains in the EU, then some of the Syrian and other refugees admitted by less mean-spirited EU countries could use EU freedom of movement to come to Britain.
Q: So it's about migrant rights? And what else?
A: Nation-state borders formed in past centuries are too narrow for today's capitalism, let alone for socialism. Economic and cultural life spilled across those borders long ago. To try to re-raise those old borders, and cram life back within them, will impoverish us.
A cosmopolitan voluntary union of many nations and peoples, with the lowest possible internal borders, is a better starting point for a fight for democratic control over (inevitably international) economic life, and for a civilisation based on solidarity.
Q: But the EU is capitalist! Neoliberal! Look what it has done to Greece.
A: Of course it is capitalist! Put 28 capitalist states together, and you get a capitalist union. That will be changed only by working-class struggle across the continent. The lower the borders, the better the conditions for that united working-class struggle.
The objection of the leading “leave” campaigners — of the people who will shape what “leave” means, if the vote goes their way on 23 June — is that the EU is too restrainedly capitalist and not neoliberal enough. As the EU has part-harmonised conditions across the continent, there has been some levelling-up. The EU leaders could not bust German and French workers down to the conditions of Poland or post-Franco Spain, but could afford some “levelling-up”. The ratio of the poorest country's GDP per head to the EU-28 average has increased very slowly, but it has increased, from 0.35 in 1995 to 0.48 in 2011.
Although Britain has an income above the EU average, we have benefited from levelling-up in other areas. Measures like the Working Hours Directive and the Agency Workers Directive were implemented in Britain only thanks to EU pressure. “Vote Leave” leaders want to scrap them.
Q: All talk about changing the EU is empty. The fact is, labour movements exist country by country. For now, the way to win gains is for labour movements to be able to push their own governments, free of international constraints.
A: Leaving the EU will not free a government from the constraints of the multinational corporations and of the global financial markets. In fact, the size of the EU means that an effective concerted labour-movement push can sway governments to partial defiance of world-market pressure more easily than could a push in a single small country.
In the EU or out of the EU, to win real changes the labour movement must unite across borders. Syriza's surge in Greece was never going to win radical demands unless it could evoke and then unite with a cross-Europe movement against austerity. The Syriza leaders made some efforts to do that in 2012.
They were far too weak. But if they had been stronger, they would have been helped, not hindered, by the fact of Greece being in the EU and the consequent logic of promoting a united movement on cross-EU demands.
Q: The EU is undemocratic. The unelected European Commission and the unelected European Central Bank impose their will on elected national governments.
A: They do. So do the unelected Bank of England and the unelected bosses of big business. The answer is to win democratic accountability, something along the lines sketched by Yanis Varoufakis for their Democracy in Europe Movement (DiEM), not to raise borders.
Q: If Britain stopped paying EU budget contributions, it could spend more on the NHS.
A: Former Tory prime minister John Major was pushed into increasing NHS spending, after Thatcher was ousted in 1990, by accumulated agitation against the NHS cuts which Thatcher had made in the 1980s. Probably they had a hard time with some of the right-wing, anti-EU Tories about that, and the resentment rankles.
But what they said on 5 June about the Brexit leaders was right: “Michael Gove wanted to privatise [the NHS], Boris [Johnson] wanted to charge people for using it and Iain Duncan Smith wanted a social insurance system. The NHS is about as safe with them as a pet hamster would be with a hungry python”.
Q: It's difficult to see exactly what difference Brexit would make. But for sure a “leave” majority on 23 June would discredit David Cameron and sharpen the Tories' divisions. We should vote “leave” to get rid of the Tories.
A: A “leave” vote might well topple Cameron, to replace them with Gove or Johnson at the head of a Tory government, maybe with an explicit alliance with Ukip. There is no way that it would lead directly to the victory of the pro-”remain” Labour Party.
Deciding our tactics by what is bad for Cameron is short-sighted. Chaos, rancour, confusion, in a situation where right-wing forces dominate the stage, as they do, brings demoralisation, atomisation, sectionalism, chauvinism, regression, not socialist advance.
Q: What should the left do if the majority on 23 June is for Brexit?
A: We'll be on the back foot. But we should and can campaign to reduce the loss of workers' rights and migrant rights to a minimum, and to maintain and increase labour-movement links across the new borders our exploiters will put up.
HAWTHORN coach Alastair Clarkson says they have "no issue" with the criticism levelled by outspoken former Hawks president Jeff Kennett.
Kennett apologised yesterday after calling for Clarkson's head at the end of the season following the Hawthorn's loss to Geelong on Easter Monday.
They were unable to contact Clarkson but left messages on their phone and with the club.
“I'm not deeply offended by the comments because Jeff's shared those views with me on countless times over the last two to three years… that's their views on all people with lengthy tenures,” Clarkson told SEN radio.
“I didn't take great offence to it… the thing I would have liked the most is Jeff had had expressed them to me rather than on radio.
"I didn't really see it as a big issue... because I know where they stand on this stuff."
The premiership coach, contracted until the end of the 2014 season, refuted claims they ignored Kennett after the loss and that their relationship had been fractured.
“I sent them a text message at 6.16pm (yesterday),” they said the message read: “Not offended because I know your views but unnecessary to draw attention to our club.”
Clarkson said they ignored a call from a blocked number yesterday.
“I don't think there's any senior coach that takes calls that say blocked,” they said.
“I respect (Kennett's) view, I don't actually agree with it because I think we've got some things we can still do at the footy club that are still special.
“It doesn't mean because of that disagreement with one another's views means that the relationship is soured and we never speak again.
“We enjoy a healthy relationship and hopefully we'll be able to continue to do so.”
But Clarkson conceded Kennett could be right if Hawthorn can't win a second premiership under their reign.
“He might be right, who knows… if we don't win a flag in the next two years they probably are right and the club does need a change.”
A contrite former Hawthorn president Jeff Kennett said yesterday they "wished they could take back'' their savaging of coach Alastair Clarkson following the club's loss to Geelong at the MCG on Monday.
Kennett said Clarkson should leave or be sacked at the end of the season.
Mark Robinson: Jeff's blast the final straw
In a backflip, Kennett sent a written apology to Clarkson yesterday, admitting they were out of line and sorry for the grief he'd caused them and their family.
They unsuccessfully tried to ring Clarkson yesterday and later sent a text message.
Kennett revealed they then sent their written apology to Hawthorn chief executive Stuart Fox, who confirmed that they personally delivered it to the coach at Waverley Park yesterday.
"I tried to ring him, but as often is the case they didn't answer the phone, so I sent them an SMS just to apologise and to say I was going to apologise and I haven't heard back," they said.
"To make sure they got it, I sent a copy to the CEO and asked them to give it to Alastair so I can't have done much more.
"I'm sure we'll catch up at some stage but I'm on my way interstate so it won't be today or tomorrow."
Hawthorn's 10-game losing streak to Geelong is dubbed The Kennett Curse after they questioned the Cats' mental drive on the eve of the 2009 season.
It followed their loss to the Hawks in the 2008 Grand Final.
Speaking about the curse on the eve of Monday's game, Kennett said they had never regretted anything he'd said.
"(But) this is one,'' they said yesterday.
"I'm sure we'll catch up at some stage but I'm on my way interstate, so it won't be today or tomorrow."
Hawthorn's 10-game losing streak to Geelong is dubbed "The Kennett Curse" after they questioned the Cats' mental drive on the eve of the 2009 season. It followed their loss to the Hawks in the 2008 Grand Final.
Speaking about the curse on the eve of Monday's game, Kennett said they had never regretted anything he'd said - "(but) this is one," they added yesterday.
"I wish I could take it back but I can't and all I can do is unreservedly apologise, which I do."
Kennett, club president from 2006-11, said no one from Hawthorn had contacted them about their outburst but, on reflection, they realised their comments were inappropriate.
"Probably uttered in a moment of great frustration because it was just as we were leaving the ground and it actually goes against everything I believe in, in a sense that no individual on their own wins or loses a thing and we do it as a team," they said.
"What I said in signalling out Alastair was totally inappropriate. I am well experienced in dealing with the media so no one is to blame but myself."
Kennett said there was no reason Clarkson, in their ninth year as coach and with a 56.6 per cent win rate, could not see out their contract.
Kennett's letter said:
I apologise to Alastair Clarkson.
I was out of line yesterday in holding them solely responsible for our club not saluting in the last three years and for our performance yesterday.
It is true that with out list of players and the support the club has given the football department that I felt we have underachieved over that three-year period.
Of course that is a subjective view, and on each occasion we were beaten by a better team on the day.
And yes, someone must accept responsibility for those defeats.
But maybe in my support for my club I have come to expect too much!
And on reflection I was wrong to single out Alastair alone.
He, like all at the club, have done their best and Alastair has personal values which I have always gratefully respected.
We are all responsible for the good times and less successful.
Monday's game was a classic in that Hawthorn performed well in the first half and Geelong less so. But after halftime Geelong came out on a mission and turned the game on its head.
Our five goal advantage, which became three goals just before half time, quickly disappeared. We seem to have lost our mojo as Geelong found theirs.
The performance of (Paul) Chapman always has me in awe.
 They are consistent in their toughness and drives the ball everytime they get their hands on it. (Joel) Selwood is a wonderful leader who sets a very high standard of both leadership and effort.
Not to say Hawthorn was without contributors through (Sam) Mitchell, (Brad) Sewell and ever competitive (Josh) Gibson. But, sadly not as competitive enough across the group as our opponents.
I guess when you have witnessed the club grow since 2005 to the level of membership and good health it enjoys today, you just expect it to keep performing at the highest level.
Hopefully that will continue to be the case and the season has just started, so to make judgments based on one game is inappropriate.
That said, the tribal nature of the game drives our emotions and yesterday, in my frustration, I wrongly singled out Alastair and for what was a team result for which we all must accept responsibility and be challenged to do better, week on week.
I sincerely apologise to Alastair Clarkson and their family for the grief I have caused them.
media_camera Kennett letter
Originally published as Time for Clarkson to go: Kennett
CHICAGO (CBS) — Ever walk up to a door, give it a tug, then realize you're supposed to push, to get it open?
Well that's exactly what happened to a would-be burglar in Wicker Park who was caught on video tugging and tugging on an unlocked door that they just could not seem to open.
CBS 2's Mike Parker reports the many bars and clubs in Wicker Park are not only attracting hip young singles, they are also drawing some bad guys.
A surveillance camera was rolling at sunrise Friday morning, as I would be burglar forced their way into the secured temporary warming vestibule at the Shambles Bar.
Bar owner Joe Lin and Parker watched the seven minutes of video showing that criminal at work.
“He's looking through the glass to see if there's anyone inside,” said Lin.
The bad guy's first order of business: dismantling the lock.
“He had a tool when they came in, so he's obviously prepared and done it before,” said Lin.
Within a minute or two, the lock is destroyed. Now it's time for brute force. Over and over again, they pull on the door with all their might. The jarring knocks over a security bar planted against the glass door.
They should be able to step right in but they keep pulling and tugging. Maybe they can't read. Right there on the door is a simple sign with one word: push. But they keep pulling, then they admit defeat and disappears into the winter morning.
Now there are chains on the damaged door and a plan by the owner to install an alarm system and motion detector.
“This time we just have a recording of it that it happened. Next time we'll know that it's actually happening in a moment so I can do something about it,” said Lin.
Joe Lin doesn't have to warn the owner of the Small Bar across the street. The same morning somebody tried to break in there and damaged its glass door.
Three other businesses and restaurants had their locks broken and were robbed in the area just weeks ago.
A number of politicians, public figures, newspapers and magazines, businesses and other organisations endorsed either the United Kingdom remaining in the EU or the United Kingdom leaving the EU during the United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016.
Remain [ edit ]
Government [ edit ]
Territories voting in referendum [ edit ]
Other Crown dependencies [ edit ]
Non-UK governments [ edit ]
Registered political parties [ edit ]
Parties organised in more than one of the Home Nations:
Parties in Scotland:
Parties in Northern Ireland:
Parties in Wales:
Parties in Gibraltar:
Other regional parties:
Business leaders [ edit ]
Letter to The Times [ edit ]
In a letter published in The Times, a wide range of business leaders, including 36 FTSE 100 companies, called for a vote to stay in the European Union. The letter stated that British "business needs unrestricted access to the European market of 500 million people in order to continue to grow, invest, and create jobs. We believe that leaving the EU would deter investment, threaten jobs, and put the economy at risk. Britain will be stronger, safer, and better off remaining a member of the EU".[52][53]
Politicians [ edit ]
Only politicians who held positions that differed from the party line or whose party was officially neutral are listed here.
Conservative Party [ edit ]
Within the Conservative Party (which was officially neutral), 25 of the 30 Cabinet Ministers including the Prime Minister, specifically:
Others included former Prime Minister John Major,[69] former party leader William Hague,[70] former Deputy Prime Minister Michael Heseltine,[71] David Willetts,[72] former Chancellor of the Exchequer Ken Clarke,[73] and former ministers Edwina Currie[74] and Baroness Warsi (who, it was alleged, supported Leave, despite the Vote Leave side not being aware of their support prior to the allegations).[75][76]
The majority of the Conservative Party's 330 MPs announced that they would campaign for Britain to remain in the European Union. Including Cabinet Ministers, the list included:[68][77]
The list of Conservative Members of the European Parliament (MEPs) that announced that they would campaign for Britain to remain in the European Union is:[82]
Other Conservatives supporting a Remain vote were:
Scottish Conservative MSPs also included Miles Briggs, Peter Chapman, Jackson Carlaw, John Lamont, Alex Johnstone, Rachael Hamilton, Elizabeth Smith, Donald Cameron, Adam Tomkins, Douglas Ross, Brian Whittle, Finlay Carson and Annie Wells.[90]
Independent [ edit ]
International figures [ edit ]
From other European Union member states [ edit ]
Other countries [ edit ]
International organisations [ edit ]
Businesses [ edit ]
Newspapers and magazines [ edit ]
British newspapers and magazines [ edit ]
Foreign newspapers and magazines [ edit ]
Local government authorities [ edit ]
Organisations [ edit ]
Trade Unions [ edit ]
The Trades Union Congress (TUC), representing 52 British Trade Unions, endorsed Britain remaining in the EU. All but a few of its member unions were expected to urge voters to stay in the EU.[252]
Other organisations [ edit ]
Noted individuals [ edit ]
Healthcare professionals letter [ edit ]
In a letter to The Times, around 200 healthcare professionals defended the EU as an overall benefit to UK public health, the NHS and health research. Sections from the letter stated "As health professionals and researchers we write to highlight the valuable benefits of continued EU membership to the NHS, medical innovation and UK public health". "We have made enormous progress over decades in international health research, health services innovation and public health. Much has been built around shared policies and capacity across the EU". "EU trade deals will not privatise the NHS as the EU negotiating position now contains clear safeguards. Decisions on NHS privatisation are in UK government hands alone. EU immigration is a net benefit to our NHS in terms of finances, staffing and exchanges". "Finally, leaving the EU would not provide a financial windfall for the NHS". Signatories included:[365][366]
Royal Society letter [ edit ]
Led by Professor Stephen Hawking,[367] more than 150 notable academics, all Fellows of the Royal Society, signed a letter to The Times newspaper setting out their position on the European Union that leaving the bloc would damage science and research. They included:[368]
University leaders letter [ edit ]
Over 100 UK university leaders signed an open letter to The Sunday Times supporting UK membership of the EU. They stated that "Inside the EU, we are better able to collaborate with partners from across Europe to carry out cutting edge research, from medical and healthcare advances, to new materials, products and services. In the EU, the UK is also a more attractive destination for global talent, ensuring that our students are taught by the best minds from across Europe. This has a direct impact on our economy, driving growth, generating jobs and ultimately improving people's lives". Signatories included:[369]
Creative Industries letter [ edit ]
Almost 300 of the world's biggest creative industries names signed a letter to support keeping Britain in the EU, including (but not limited to) the names listed below. A Creative Industries Federation survey also revealed that 96% of its members supported remaining in the EU. The letter stated that "Britain is not just stronger in Europe, it is more imaginative and more creative, and our global creative success would be severely weakened by walking away". Signatories included:[370]
Economists' letter [ edit ]
In a letter to The Times, 279 economists stated that Brexit would "entail significant long-term costs". The signatories wrote, "focusing entirely on the economics, we consider that it would be a major mistake for the UK to leave the European Union." At the time of publication the letter had 199 signatories. A further 80 signed after publication.[372][373][374]
Lawyers' report [ edit ]
Around 300 lawyers signed a report on UK membership of the EU and the alternatives. They stated: "we recognised how much of the debate on the UK's membership of the EU is based on a lack of information, misconceptions, or, worse, misinformation [...] Ultimately, we believe a sensible judgment on EU membership can be made only on the basis of reliable evidence". The signatories "consider that the UK's interests are best served by remaining in the EU".[375]
Historians letter [ edit ]
In a letter to the Guardian, more than 300 prominent historians urged the United Kingdom to remain in the European Union. The letter said, "On 23 June, we face a choice: to cast ourselves adrift, condemning ourselves to irrelevance and Europe to division and weakness; or to reaffirm our commitment to the EU and stiffen the cohesion of our continent in a dangerous world." Notable signatories included:[376][377]
Armed Forces and Security Services [ edit ]
Letters to The Guardian by European writers [ edit ]
On 4 June 2016, The Guardian newspaper published a number of 'letters to Britain' by European (non-British) writers and intellectuals giving their opinion on the referendum and Britain's place in Europe. All of the letters expressed support for remain.[388] The writers were:
Nobel Prize laureates letter [ edit ]
On 10 June 2016, The Daily Telegraph published a letter signed by 13 winners of the Nobel Prize expressing the view that being part of the EU is good for British science and that is good for Britain.[389]
Nobel Prize in Economics laureates letter [ edit ]
On 19 June 2016, The Guardian published a letter signed by 10 winners of the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences, expressing the view that the "economic argument" was clearly in favour of continued UK membership within the EU.[390]
Leave [ edit ]
Registered political parties [ edit ]
Parties organised in more than one of the Home Nations:
Parties in England:
Parties in Scotland:
Parties in Northern Ireland:
Business leaders [ edit ]
Politicians [ edit ]
Only politicians who hold positions that differ from the party line or whose party is officially neutral are listed here.
Conservative Party [ edit ]
Within the Conservative Party (which was officially neutral): Five Cabinet members:
At the time the referendum was called, the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions was Iain Duncan Smith, who also supports leave. They subsequently resigned following the 2016 United Kingdom budget.[454] Some suspected their resignation was due to their support for British withdrawal from the EU,[455][456] but Duncan Smith has denied this, stating that such allegations were a "deliberate attempt to discredit" him.[457]
As well as these ministers, the former Mayor of London Boris Johnson;[458][459][460] the Conservative candidate for the 2016 mayoral election, Zac Goldsmith;[461] former leader Michael Howard,[462] former Defence Secretary Liam Fox[463] and the leader of the Welsh Conservative Party Andrew R.T. Davies[464] campaigned to leave. The party campaign to exit the EU is "Conservatives for Britain" which is headed by two former Chancellors of the Exchequer, Lord Lawson (Nigel Lawson) and Lord Lamont (Norman Lamont).[465]
Many other Conservative MPs have announced that they will campaign for Britain to vote to Leave:[77][not in citation given]
Labour Party [ edit ]
Within the Labour Party (which supports Remain): Labour Leave is headed by donor John Mills.
Labour MPs supporting a Leave vote:
Labour MSPs:
Former Labour MPs:
Green Party [ edit ]
Within the Green Party (which supports Remain): the Green Leaves organisation is campaigning on behalf of Green Party members who advocate a leave vote.[501] Member of the House of Lords and former London Assembly Member Jenny Jones (Baroness Jones) campaigned to leave.[502][503]
Liberal Democrats [ edit ]
Within the Liberal Democrats (which supports Remain): the Liberal Leave campaign[504] is headed by former Hereford MP, Paul Keetch.[505]
Scottish National Party [ edit ]
Within the SNP (which supports Remain): former SNP deputy leader and MP Jim Sillars and former SNP leader and MP Gordon Wilson have endorsed a leave vote in the referendum.[506][507][508] Former Scottish government minister Alex Neil declared that they have voted leave and that several of their fellow SNP MSPs did likewise.[509][510] There are multiple groups for SNP members advocating a leave vote, such as SNP Vote Leave and SNP GO!.[511]
Ulster Unionist Party [ edit ]
Within the UUP (which supports Remain): Harold McKee MLA[512] and former leader Tom Elliot MP[513]
Independent [ edit ]
International figures [ edit ]
From other European Union member states [ edit ]
Other countries [ edit ]
Businesses [ edit ]
Newspapers and magazines [ edit ]
British newspapers and magazines [ edit ]
Foreign newspapers and magazines [ edit ]
National Review, US current affairs magazine[573]
Local government authorities [ edit ]
Organisations [ edit ]
Trade unions [ edit ]
Other organisations [ edit ]
Noted individuals [ edit ]
Officially endorse neither side [ edit ]
Government [ edit ]
Other Crown dependencies [ edit ]
Registered political parties [ edit ]
Businesses [ edit ]
Newspapers and magazines [ edit ]
International figures [ edit ]
Organisations [ edit ]
Share
This is one of those “once you see it, you can't unsee” revelations that are both mind-blowing and extremely awesome. If you're going to Washington, D.C. soon, you must stop by the Washington National Cathedral in the Woodley Park neighborhood. Not only is it an iconic site, you won't want to miss the sight of Darth Vader's helmet staring down at you as you walk around this Roman Gothic church.
Okay, so we've never heard of how Darth Vader was a secret Episcopal in the movies or the comics. Of all of the fathers they are, we didn't think they were the holy father. So just how did the Sith Lord end up on the pillars of this church?
The answer is in the National Cathedral's pamphlet, which explains that a competition in the 1980s by National Geographic World Magazine invited children to design a sculpture for the cathedral. Of the many designs it received, the organization selected Darth Vader as its third-place winner. The artist responsible was Christopher Rader of Kearney, Nebraska, who conjured up a “futuristic representation of evil.” Since then, Darth Vader has been watching D.C. across the hilltops for decades.
It's also an adventure to find our favorite Sith Lord at a venue that's not in an inaccessible galaxy far, far away. In order to have this sculpture in clear sight, visitors have to venture to the northwest corner of the cathedral, walk past wooden doors and ramps, and find themselves in a parking lot where they have to turn around then look up and hope to spot Darth Vader between two louvered arches. But thanks to its location high up in the sky, you'll probably want to bring binoculars or a digital camera with mega-zooming capabilities.
In case you were curious, other winning children designs featured a raccoon, a girl with pigtails and braces, and a man with large teeth and an umbrella. We're not sure what any of these have to do with church or evil, but perhaps you should know ahead of time before wondering why you stumbled upon an umbrella man with an overbite hanging out in the National Cathedral. And if you are already aware of this Easter egg/hidden gem, feel free to share with us your photos or experience of this evil, evil sighting.
And yes, we understand this isn't exactly news, but we thought you should also know that thankfully, the 2011 earthquake last August did not affect the Sith Lord despite the church suffering some destruction. It's still a very cool and geeky reason to visit our nation's capital now that spring and summer is headed our way.
Image Credits: Flickr / laurapadgett
Ben Migono / June 9, 2017
Last weekend, Real Madrid took on Juventus to crown a Champions League winner.
With the score tied at 1-1 at halftime, it was some key advice from manager Zinedine Zidane that helped Real Madrid find their groove in the second half. Just recently, midfielder Luka Modric has revealed what was said during the break.
Zidane told their players to be ‘more aggressive'. While it may not sound like much – it meant a lot. In a game where their go-ahead goal from Cristiano Ronaldo was erased by a spectacular effort by Juventus' Mario Mandzukic, there was no need for their side to play defensively.
Instead of staying back and allowing Juventus to control the ball, Madrid switched it up in the second half to great success. They scored three unanswered goals to become the first club since 1990 to repeat as Champions League winners.
Casemiro scored at the 61′ mark, Ronaldo added their second of the game just three minutes later at the 64′ minute mark and Marco Asensio added one of their own for good measure in at 90′.
Zidane has been touted as being quite lucky in the past, but now that they have now won two League finals and they haven't even reached two full seasons as a manager yet, is it really luck?
Launching a Trebuchet
Using a Counterweight to Launch a 90kg Projectile over 300m
Required Reading
The Superior Siege Weapon
The trebuchet is a type of siege engine consisting of a lever-like throwing arm which launches projectiles via a sling. The throwing arm is rotated by the force of gravity acting on a massive counterweight fixed to the opposite end.
By I, Luc Viatour, CC BY-SA 3.0, Link.
The mechanics of the trebuchet are abstruse; requiring complex calculations of friction, torque, gravity, elasticity etc. They are out of scope for this article, but a thorough investigation is available in Trebuchet Mechanics (Siano, D., 2006) for the adventurous.
The following problem will assume Siano's "black box" model, where the mechanism for energy transfer to the projectile is unspecified. We are more interested in the equations of motion for the projectile once it has left the sling.
The System
Consider a trebuchet on a battlefield. Assume the terrain underneath and in front of the trebuchet is indefinitely flat. At time $t_0$, the projectile leaves the sling at height $h$ above the terrain, travelling at speed $v$ and angle $\theta$ above the terrain. Some time later, at $t_e$, the projectile hits the ground some distance away.
Choose a 2-dimensional cartesian plane as the coordinate system. The origin is fixed on the ground directly underneath the projectile release point. The $x_1$ axis is positive in the projectile's direction of travel, and the $x_2$ axis is positive above the ground.
From this coordinate system, the initial conditions become apparent; the projectile has position $x = (0, h)$, and velocity $\dot x = (v \cos \theta, v \sin \theta)$.
Equations of Motion
The naïve equations for the projectile's motion simply take gravity as the sole constant force,
\begin{equation} \ddot x = - g \label{parabola} \end{equation}
which describes a parabola:
If it was that simple, the problem would be solved already. The analytic solution for equation \eqref{parabola} above is
\begin{equation} x_2 = x_1 \tan \theta - \frac{g}{2}\frac{x_1^2}{(v_0 \cos \theta) ^2}\text{.} \label{parabola-solution} \end{equation}
Obviously reality is a little more complicated; there are other forces acting on the projectile as it flies through the air. An important force is drag.
Drag
The drag force due to air resistance dramatically changes the trajectory of the projectile. We will define it here as a function of the projectile's velocity,
\begin{equation} F_D = -\dot x^2\frac{\rho A c_D}{2} \label{drag} \end{equation}
where:
$\rho$ is the density of the fluid,
$A$ is the reference area, and
$c_D$ is the drag coefficient.
For simplicity, we will take $\rho$ and $A$ to be constant. The coefficient of drag, $c_D$, is a little more complicated, but assume it is always $> 0$. More on all of these values later.
The equation of motion, now taking drag into account, become:
\begin{equation} \ddot x = -\dot {x}^2 \frac{0.5 \rho A c_D - g}{m} \label{drag-solution} \end{equation}
This new force acting on the projectile dramatically changes the trajectory of the projectile. The figure below shows the trajectory under drag, plotted with a Leapfrog integrator, compared to a parabola.
What's left is a system of ODEs which are more complicated than a simple parabolic trajectory. We will solve them using numerical methods.
The Problem
A trebuchet is capable of launching heavy projectiles over great distances. Supposing you had a particular target in mind, you'd need to be able to adjust the launch parameters in order to hit it.
To simplify things, assume that the projectile always launches at $\theta = 45{\unicode{xb0}}$ and $h = 15 \si{\metre}$. Additionally, fix the projectile as a smooth sphere with mass $90 \si{kg}$.
Suppose you have a target at distance $r$ in front of the trebuchet. Now determine what the initial velocity must be in order to have the projectile land at $(r, 0)$.
The problem becomes a boundary value problem, with boundary values $x(t_0) = (0, 15)$ and $x(t_e) = (r,0)$. With all the other information available, what's left is to determine what the initial velocity must be.
Physical Properties
Gravity
Assuming a flat earth approximation, acceleration due to gravity is a constant vector
\begin{equation} g = (0, 9.81 \si{m/s^2}) \text{,} \label{gravity} \end{equation}
meaning gravity only accelerates the projectile in the $x_2$ dimension. It is set positive here because it is negated in \eqref{drag-solution}.
Projectile Shape
The projectile is described as a $90 \si{kg}$ sphere, but the equations of motion do not include the mass. They do however include the reference area; the cross-section through the centre of the sphere which is essentially the area of a circle of equal radius. So the radius of the sphere is needed.
Medieval siege engineers might have used granite stones as trebuchet ammunition (most sources just say "stone".) A quick search turns up a density measurement for granite: $
um{2.65e3} \si{kg/\metre^3}$. So a $90 \si{kg}$ granite ball has a volume of $\frac{90}{
um{2.65e3}} =
um{3.396e-2} \si{\metre^3}$.
Plug the volume into the sphere volume equation and solve for the radius:
\begin{equation} \eqalign{
um{3.396e-2} &= \frac{4 \pi}{3} r^3\cr r^3 &= \frac{3 (
um{3.396e-2})}{4 \pi}\cr r &= (\frac{0.102}{4 \pi})^{1/3} \cr r &= 0.2009 \si{\metre} } \label{radius} \end{equation}
A radius of $r = 0.2009 \si{m}$ gives a reference area for the drag force equation $A = \pi r^2 = 0.1268 \si{m^2}$.
Air Density
Air density in reality is not a constant value. It depends on the temperature, humidity and altitude. We will assume for simplicity that the air density during the trebuchet launch remains constant for the entire flight of the projectile.
A search gives the standard sea level air density as $1.225 \si{kg/m^3}$.
Coefficient of Drag
The drag coefficient depends on the Reynolds number of the air relative to the velocity of the projectile. The Reynolds number for the sphere is given by
\begin{equation} Re = \frac{2r \rho |\dot x|}{\mu} \label{reynolds} \end{equation}
where $\rho$ is the same air density as above, and $\mu$ is the dynamic viscosity of air. Set $\mu = 1.789 \times 10^{-5} \si{kg/m.s}$, the dynamic viscosity of air at standard sea level.
Now this is where it gets a little complicated. The drag coefficient is not a well defined function of $Re$; it varies in a way that makes it hard to describe. You could use this reference (Cimbala, J., 2012) to build a big table of $c_D$ vs. $Re$ and perform linear interpolations to get the correct $c_D$ for the given $Re$ value. Instead take it as a given that for this simulation $10^5 \le Re \le 10^6$, and simplify the calculation for the drag coefficient as follows:
\begin{equation} c_D = \begin{cases} 0.47, & \text{if}\ Re <
um{2e5} \cr 0.1, & \text{otherwise.} \end{cases} \label{drag-coefficient} \end{equation}
The sharp drop at $Re =
um{2e5}$ simulates the transition from laminar to turbulent flow.
Solving the BVP
Finally, we get to solving the boundary value problem. The equations given above are good candidates for the shooting method; you can expect $v$ to be an increasing function of $r$.
For integration I chose to use the Leapfrog method. The integrator continue to step forward in time until $x_2 \le 0$, at which point it will return the projectile's range $x_1$.
I used the Secant method method to perform root finding. Two initial values for the launch speed, $v_1$ and $v_2$, are chosen and the ranges $r_1$ and $r_2$ are computed by performing the integration described above for each initial speed. The difference between the true range $r_t$ and the computed ranges are then taken.
While these differences are sufficiently far apart, calculate a new initial launch speed
\begin{equation} v_{new} = v_2 - (r_2 - r_t) \frac{v_2 - v_1}{r_2 - r_1}\text{.} \label{launch-speed} \end{equation}
Then set $v_1 = v_2, v_2 = v_{new}$ and repeat.
When $r_1 - r_2 < \epsilon$, then the root has been found. Take the midpoint $v_1 - \frac{v_1 - v_2}{2}$ as the answer.
Summary
This article had a little bit of everything; ODE integrators, root finding, and boundary value problems. Ultimately, it was a demonstration of the utility of numerical methods for real-life situations. Often, equations will become difficult or impossible to solve analytically; computers are needed to find the answer.
If a trebuchet engineer had just taken the easy route and used the parabolic model to estimate projectile trajectories, their attempts to hit the target would have fallen short. After accounting for drag and using the shooting method to solve the BVP, we get closer to the correct answer.
So, if we're releasing at $\theta = 45 \unicode{xb0}$ and $h = 15 \si{\metre}$, what is the initial speed required to launch a $90\si{kg}$ projectile exactly $300\si{m}$?
$53.528 \si{m/\second}$, or $192.7 \si{km/\hour}$ which is impressively fast.
There are a few things that will improve the efficiency and get the required launch speed down. The first is to change the launch angle; due to drag, $45 \unicode{xb0}$ is not necessarily the most efficient launch angle. Secondly, by raising the initial height $h$, a greater distance could be achieved for the same amount of work. To decrease drag, move the trebuchet to a higher elevation where the atmosphere is thinner. Also, switch the projectile material to something denser, like a lead ball; a smaller reference area would result in less drag.
The animation below shows the shooting method in action; converging upon the correct launch speed for the given launch angle and boundary values.
Code
Below is the Python code used to solve the BVP described in this article. To use it, call shoot with the start and end points of the required trajectory, the launch angle, the time step and the required accuracy. It will return the speed required to achieve the required trajectory, for example:
#!/bin/python2 import math theta = 45 * (math.pi / 180) # 45 degrees in radians dt = 1.0e-2 e = 1.0e-3 xa = [0.0, 15.0] xb = [300.0, 0.0] speed = shoot(xa, xb, theta, dt, e)
From here, you can also call the integrate function and pass in the optional traj variable. This variable will be populated with the trajectory of both $x$ and $\dot x$ as calculated by the integrator.
traj=[] integrate(xa, xb[1], speed, theta, dt, traj) for t in traj: print ' '.join(map lambda x: str(x), t)
Shooting Method Code
With whole streets of their hometown burned to cinders, Friday's convoy ride through the still-smoking heart of Fort McMurray was, Marisa Heath said, "like driving through a war zone."
Marisa Heath made the sad highway run through Fort McMurray on Friday with their husband, two dogs, a cat and seven kittens. (CBC) "My heart was breaking," said Heath, who was among the first evacuees to see the devastation up close, as convoy after convoy rolled slowly down Highway 63, headed south through the city toward an uncertain future.
"It was nothing but burnt everywhere," said Heath, who travelled with their husband, Darren, along with two dogs, a cat and seven kittens. "It was devastating to see it."
For hundreds of evacuees — thousands by day's end — Friday's convoys offered the first chance to see the burned ruins of a city they had fled just 72 hours earlier.
After three days stranded in oilsands work camps north of the city, thousands of evacuees in cars and trucks were escorted through their fire-ravaged community, with RCMP cruisers in front and behind. They travelled in groups of 50 vehicles at a time, with helicopters on watch overhead. All intersections along the route were blocked by police to ensure no one tried to slip away and disappear into the haze.
The first convoy of fire evacuees began to roll just after dawn on Friday. Trevor Wilson (CBC) To watchers, the convoys may have looked something like funeral processions. When the convoys reached the city, one of the first neighbourhoods they passed was Thickwood, up the hill on the right, where most homes were untouched by the fire.
The convoys crossed the Grant MacEwan Bridge over the Athabasca River, where down to the left was MacDonald Island Park, where the city had set up an evacuation centre early in the week, before that, too, was finally evacuated.
On south they went, with the hills around Abasand to the right and the downtown core to the left.
Then, climbing the hill out of the river valley, they passed Beacon Hill, where hundreds of homes were lost.
Atop the hill they passed the ruined hulk of the Super 8 Motel, and a Shell station and a trailer park that burned to ashes.
Previous Next South of the airport, once they cleared the fire zone, each convoy was released by police, and from there people were free to continue their journeys to Edmonton or to Calgary, where they will be housed in evacuation centres or bunk with family or friends.
By 3 p.m. Friday, about 1,200 vehicles had moved through the city. Many more will follow.
In all, about 25,000 residents had been stranded north of Fort McMurray after the city was evacuated on Tuesday. Many were sheltered in work camps owned by oilsands companies.
Premier Rachel Notley said about 7,000 of those people left Thursday on flights that took off from oil company runways near two of the camps. The province hoped to fly another 5,500 people out on Friday.
"We've all seen the heartbreaking images taken by citizens travelling through Fort McMurray today," Notley said later in the day. "And there is no doubt the damage is extensive and will take many months to repair."
For Heath, the drive through Fort McMurray and on to Wandering River was, they said, almost like "living in hell, and then being upgraded to heaven.
"It was so nice to see the leaves on the trees," they said, "and the green grass."
Get breaking news alerts on this story and others. Download the CBC News app for iOS and Android.
13) Imam Jaa'far bin Muhammad As Sadiq (A.S.) had advised the faithfuls to pray a 2 Raka't Namaaz tonight, after Ishaa prayers, as under: In the first Raka't recite Soorah Al Faatih'ah and Soorah Al Kaafiroon. In the second Raka't recite Surah Al Faatih'ah and Surah Al Ikhlaas . After the Salaam recite “Tasbih of Faatimah Zahraa A.S.”. ie -subhanallah ' thirty-three times, ‘ alhamdulillah ' thirty-three times, and ‘ allahu-akbar ' thirty-four times and then following Dua'a: Mp3
O They to whom the bondmen turn to in the event of urgent important matters; and unto whom run for help the people when the misfortune strikes! O They who knows the hidden as well as the evident! O They who is not unaware of the bias of the suspicious mind, and the clever activity of the fanciful deviating intellect! O Lord of the cosmos and the creatures dwelling therein! O They who exercises full authority over the domain of the heavens and the earths! Thou art Allah, There is no God save Thou, I stride apace unto Thee with “There is no god save Thou” (on my lips), therefore O "There is no god save Thou”, treat me tonight like the one whom Thou paid attention, took pity and heard their prayer, and, aware of their trembling, tolerated and overlooked their past misdeeds and may mistakes to give answer to their cry of help, I surrender myself to Thee along with my transgressions and make a request to please keep my defects undisclosed. O my Allah put me again in good condition (because) Thou art Generous and kind, take off the loads of my errors (because) Thou art loving and oft-forgiving, cover me with Thy mercy tonight (because) Thou shows generosity in abundance, let me be tonight among Thy friends whom Thou elected to obey Thee, when Thou selected to worship Thee, and kept them sincerely attached and committed to Thee. O my Allah let me be like the one who finds happiness in their efforts and makes full use of the good fortune made available to him, let me be like the one who kept from evil, therefore, lived a life free of cares; exercised self-control, therefore won easily. Spare and free me for the cravings I have accumulated, prevent me from the wasteful conduct that transgress Thy bounds, discipline me in Thy obedience which will direct me to Thy neighborhood, very near to Thee. My Lord and master with Thee the hunted refugee take refuge, the beseecher humbly makes a request to Thee, the repentant guilty, apologetic, relies on Thy liberal kindness, Thou trained and educated Thy servants thoroughly to be kind and liberal, Thou art the most kind of all those who show kindness; Thou developed Thy servants to be forgiving and compassionate, Thou art Of-Forgiving Merciful. O my Allah do not keep from me that which I expect to get from Thy generosity, do not send me away from Thy boundless reservoir of bounties, do not exclude me from the share Thou distribute freely tonight to the people who obey Thee, and take me in under Thy sanctuary to protect me from the evil of the wild creatures. Lord! If I am not among the deserving, Thou art Liberal, indulgent, and Oft-Forgiving , so give me to my heart's content in accordance with Thy (Omni) potence, not what I deserve; l because my expectations are very high, my hopes live in hope of sure fulfillment, I cling to and hang on Thy liberal generosity, verily Thou art the most Merciful of all who show mercy, and the most generous of all who vie in generosity . O my Allah designate me clearly to obtain freely my share from Thy bounties. I seek refuge with Thy forgiveness to avoid the penalty Thou may decide, be lenient to me in the matter of sins that have wrapped up and held in check my refinement, and thus brought me into distress, (so that) I take steps to be good for the sake of Thy pleasure, live in ease and peace on account of Thy uninterrupted endowments, and prosper on account of Thy countless bounties. As I enjoy Thy protection and lay myself at the mercy of Thy generosity, take refuge with Thy forgiveness to avoid the penalty Thou may decide and with Thy indulgence to avoid Thy anger, give me that which I asked for, and made a request to Thee most humbly, I beseech Thee; For Thee nothing is beyond Thy power.
One thing you can say about the defense budget presented as part of President Barack Obama's $3.8 trillion federal budget is that it is marginally more honest than some previous budgets. In years past Defense secretaries have pretended that the costs of waging active wars are separate from the “baseline” military budget and have not included those costs in annual budget figures, leaving them to supplemental appropriations.
However, the figure for the projected 2011 military budget is forthrightly estimated at $708.2 billion, which consists of $548.9 billion in the “baseline” budget and $159.3 billion for “overseas contingency operations,” e.g., the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq. Almost as an afterthought, however, there's an additional $33 billion to pay for the 30,000 extra troops President Obama is sending to Afghanistan, bringing the grand total to $741.2 billion.
The Center for a New American Security calculates that, when adjusted for inflation, this military budget is 13 percent higher than at the peak of the Korean War, 33 percent higher than at the peak of the Vietnam War, 12 percent higher than at the peak of the Cold War and 64 percent higher than the Cold War average. To be sure, military pay is higher in the all-volunteer military than during the era of conscription, but the military is also considerably smaller.
What we have is a military still built to meet the challenges of the Cold War some two decades after the Cold War ended. With no prospective enemy that comes close to posing a challenge in air or naval power, in an era when the challenge comes from stateless terrorists who can best be countered by improved intelligence, nimble special forces and relatively inexpensive unmanned drone aircraft, we are spending as if the Soviet Union were still around and threatening us on every front.
To be sure, Defense Secretary Robert Gates is cutting some weapons programs they and many others consider unnecessary or ineffective, including the Air Force's F-22 fighter, the Navy's DDG-1000 destroyer, elements of a high-tech Future Combat Systems program that has shown dubious value, and phasing out the C-17 cargo-transport plane.
However, other big-ticket weapons programs are on the rise: $25 billion for 10 new ships, another $10 billion for missile defense, and $11 billion for 43 more F-35 fighter planes.
Secretary Gates has shown signs of wanting to refashion defense spending to meet the challenges of today rather than yesterday. But they face a Pentagon that has become a cumbersome bureaucratic monster buttressed by special interests and defense contractors in almost every congressional district that defends and seeks to expand every program, no matter how expensive or unnecessary.
We had hoped that an Obama administration would hold the line on military spending rather than increasing it beyond the excesses of the George W. Bush years. Silly us.
WRITE A LETTER TO THE EDITOR
Letters to the Editor: E-mail to letters@ocregister.com. Please provide your name and telephone number (telephone numbers will not be published). Letters of about 200 words will be given preference. Letters will be edited for length, grammar and clarity.
I used to work as a field analyst at the studio/corporate headquarters for a large entertainment conglomerate in California.
As is common in dealing with end-users, a lot of the issues we dealt with had to do with locked accounts and expired passwords. All of the field analysts had admin rights on the domain so that we could unlock accounts and reset passwords in a timely fashion. No third party had to be involved, and folks were able to get back to work very quickly. Most of us developed close working relationships with our end-users, and it was good public relations to have a familiar voice answer the phone when users called IT.
[ Want to cash in on your IT experiences? Send your story to offtherecord@infoworld.com. If we publish it, we'll send you a $50 American Express gift cheque. ]
This system worked pretty well. We analysts were able to set our own priorities for basic support issues, our users were able to get back to work quickly, and IT management rarely had to get involved with day-to-day support -- things got done and everyone liked it that way. Everyone, that is, except top management and the bean counters -- they wanted to cut operating costs and, in their words, the "lowest hanging fruit" was the IT department.
Enter the outsourcing trend to the scene.
As part of the search for an IT outsourcing provider, management had prospective companies engage in a reverse bidding war. Most of the IT staff referred to this as "selling us off to the lowest bidder."
In a further demonstration of the disconnect between "business savvy" and "IT best practices," upper management decided to split the outsourcing contract to save money. There were surprisingly few layoffs, and most of the conglomerate's IT staff were merely transitioned to the two outsource providers. Those of us who provided end-user support were outsourced to one provider, and those who worked for server administration were outsourced to another, thereby creating the most cumbersome IT structure possible.
As the go-live date for the switchover loomed, we were fed the usual lines: "your job will not change" and "only the company name on your check will be different."
Of course, in reality this couldn't have been further from the truth. All of the field analysts and system admins left on Friday as employees of the conglomerate, and came back on Monday working for different on-site vendors.
[ Tired of being told to do more with less? Participate in InfoWorld's Slow IT movement: Rant on our wailing wall. Read the Slow IT manifesto. Trade Slow IT tips and techniques in our discussion group. Get Slow IT shirts, mugs, and more goodies. ]
For us field analysts, domain admin rights were taken away and users were instructed to contact the new help desk -- physically located in a different state -- for all computing issues. Gone was the familiar voice and customized service for users. In its place was a faceless voice reading from a cookie-cutter script and absolutely no practical knowledge of our day-to-day operations.
Here's the kicker: Because analysts and admins were now employees of different vendors, we were forbidden by our respective management to speak to each other directly. All communication was to be done via the tracking database in the tickets that were created by the out-of-state help desk. Since most of us were physically located in the same complex, it was an extremely frustrating situation. There were several times when an issue would come across our desk and we could see the guy at the other end of the cubicle farm who could resolve it, but we were forbidden to take it to them directly.
Confusion reigned and productivity plummeted as tickets were misrouted and lost, areas of responsibility were disputed, issues were diagnosed incorrectly, and descriptions were incomplete, inaccurate, or nonexistent. Work-stopping issues that should have been easily and quickly resolved spent days or even weeks getting shuffled around to the wrong departments and/or passed back and forth between the two outsource providers.
In the case of expired passwords, for instance, an issue that at one time had been easily resolved in less than 15 minutes with one phone call became a weeks-long testament to inefficiency and corporate BS. Word of the massive "Charlie Foxtrot" spread, and our competitors began referring to us by name as an IT model to be avoided at all costs. Both analysts and admins voiced their frustrations, and many offered ideas to make the chaotic situation better, but to no avail. In fact, in an absurd twist the more vocal of us were labeled as "not team players" because we spoke up about the futility of the system they had put in place.
Of course I got out of there as soon as I could. Recently I found a list of the worst CEOs in America, and the head of the company I had been outsourced to was ranked as one of the top 10 worst CEOs in the country. I guess this degree of incompetence trickles down from above.
With Warner Bros. and DC Films' Wonder Woman kicking ass at the box office right now, there's no better time to capitalize on Wonder Woman Mania. And the savvy team at Annapurna Pictures knows that Diana Prince is currently at the center of the pop culture conversation, so they've released a brand-new teaser trailer for a film called Professor Marston and the Wonder Women, a biopic about the three people responsible for creating DC's most famous female hero. Take a look at the enigmatic teaser, the comic book-inspired poster, and the official synopsis below.
Professor Marston and the Wonder Women teaser
Pretty cool, right? That's Connie Britton we hear questioning the movie's star, Luke Evans, who sounds as if he's playing Professor William Moulton Marston with a slight Christopher Walken accent. Marston is a fascinating figure: they were a Harvard psychologist in the 1940s who was living with their wife Elizabeth (Rebecca Hall) and the couple's lover, Olivia Byrne (Bella Heathcote). These are two of the women referenced in this movie's title, because they both had a tremendous impact on the character's creation: Marston is credited as Wonder Woman's primary creator, but technically, they were Elizabeth's idea in the first place, and their looks were based on Olive's physical appearance.
Moulton was also a feminist who coincidentally invented the lie detector test, and the idea of hiding the truth of their unconventional relationship with the women in their life from prying eyes seems to be a key factor in the story this movie is choosing to tell.
Here's the teaser poster:
Something else worth noting: this movie hails from director Angela Robinson, a lesbian filmmaker who previously directed the underrated 2004 movie D.E.B.S. It's cool that this material is going to be explored from someone who doesn't come from Hollywood's default setting: a white male.
Professor Marston and the Wonder Women doesn't have an official release date yet, but I can't imagine it'll be long until we find out when we'll have a chance to see it.
No matter which way you slice the boundaries of Chinatown, the neighborhood has grown dramatically in recent years. Its population has more than doubled in size and grown more affluent, reflected in the built environment by luxury condos and high-end apartments cropping up on the neighborhood's northern and southern outskirts, from Goldtex to the Ludlow. The racial demographics are also changing.
Taking just the census tract encompassing the historical core of Chinatown (a tract that reaches from Vine to Race, Broad to 7th Street), the white population has doubled as a percentage of the community between 2000 and 2010, a change that has prompted some watchers to wonder if Philadelphia's Chinatown will go the way of so many other cities: Turn into a Potemkin Village with a dwindling Asian base.
While gentrification has already forced some longtime residents to leave, there's a more basic — though, arguably, no less existential — concern that others are struggling with. Chinatown lacks a rec center at a time when demand for one mounts each day. Between 2000 and 2010, the number of families with children under 18 living within the core census tract increased by 53 percent.
One of those families is that of Mandy Lin, a Chinese immigrant who moved to Chinatown in 2011 but has been in the U.S. for more than two decades. “It's been a two-year search for recreational and sports activities that my daughter can participate in,” they say, speaking in Mandarin through an interpreter to PlanPhilly.
Like a lot of teenagers with an eye towards college applications, Mandy's 15-year-old daughter, who attends Central High School, has been trying to absorb as many extra curricular activities as possible. But the options in the family's immediate area have proven limited. “Because we live in Chinatown, we pay [more] compared to a lot of my friends who live in the Northeast or South Philly. We also have to pay for monthly parking,” Mandy says.
There's not a single rec center, playground, or pool run by Parks and Rec nearby, let alone one with ample programing for children like Mandy's son, who has a disability. Traveling on SEPTA, Mandy takes their son to the Christian Street YMCA a couple miles away in Southwest Center City.
One reason why Mayor Jim Kenney has put together Rebuild, a $500-million investment in public parks, rec centers, playgrounds, and libraries, is the reality that needs for improved recreational facilities exist citywide. But the map of 406 potential sites for Rebuild investment only includes one within Chinatown: Franklin Square, on the neighborhood's northeast corner, a park best known in recent years for its money-making tourist attractions than its wholesome neighborhood vibes.
With Rebuild coming down the pike and with experiences like Mandy's in mind, community resident and advocate Anna Perng had a question for PlanPhilly, which they submitted via the audience-driven story generator Hearken: “If ‘every neighborhood matters,' why is Chinatown never on the map?”
From there, PlanPhilly put a version of the question to the Rebuild team: For neighborhoods like Chinatown that don't have a park or rec center in the first place, what can Rebuild do for them? PlanPhilly received this response from Nicole Westerman, executive director of Rebuild:
Roles for female video game characters are not exclusively reserved for princesses in distress or oversexualized bimbos. Strong, independent ladies like Samus Aran (Metroid) and Faith Connors (Mirror's Edge) don't need men to rescue them. Sadly, sexism is still a problem that affects every aspect of game design, including box art.
In a recent interview with VG24/7, The Last of Us creative director Neil Druckmann said that Sony asked them to focus on Joel (the male protagonist) for the game's cover and push Ellie to the back. Everyone at Naughty Dog refused. Druckmann added: “I believe there's a misconception that if you put a girl or a woman on the cover, the game will sell less.”
I browsed through some of my favorite games to see how many of them feature their lead female heros on the cover. See the result of my search in the gallery below.
A UN human rights investigator today accused Israel of “ethnic cleansing” in pushing Palestinians out of East Jerusalem and cast doubt that the Israeli government could accept a Palestinian state in the current climate.
They spoke against a backdrop of deadlocked peace talks and accelerating Israeli settlement expansion in the occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem which Palestinians say is dimming their hope of establishing a viable state on contiguous territory.
Israel says Palestinian refusal to recognise it as a Jewish state is the main obstacle. US president Barack Obama this week pressed Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas to help break the impasse, saying both sides must take political risks before the April 29th deadline for a framework deal.
Richard Falk, United Nations special rapporteur on human rights in the Palestinian territories, told a news conference that Israeli policies bore “unacceptable characteristics of colonialism, apartheid and ethnic cleansing”.
“Every increment of enlarging the settlements or every incident of house demolition is a way of worsening the situation confronting the Palestinian people and reducing what prospects they might have as the outcome of supposed peace negotiations.”
Asked about their accusation of ethnic cleansing, Mr Falk said that more than 11,000 Palestinians had lost their right to live in Jerusalem since 1996 due to Israel imposing residency laws favouring Jews and revoking Palestinian residence permits.
“The 11,000 is just the tip of the iceberg because many more are faced with possible challenges to their residency rights.”
This compounded the “ordeal of this extended, prolonged occupation”, according to Mr Falk, an international law expert and professor emeritus at Princeton University in the United States.
Israel captured the West Bank, Gaza Strip and East Jerusalem in the 1967 Middle East war and later annexed the latter, declaring it part of its eternal, indivisible capital, a move never recognised internationally.
Palestinians seek a state in the West Bank and Gaza with East Jerusalem as their capital. In 2005 Israel quit Gaza, now run by Hamas Islamists opposed to Abbas' peace efforts, but settlement growth continues in the West Bank and East Jerusalem.
Mr Falk said that Israel had made a systematic effort to “change the ethnic composition” of East Jerusalem by making it more difficult for Palestinians to reside there while encouraging the spread of settlements, which are considered illegal under international law.
In a report last month, Falk said Israeli policies in the West Bank appeared to amount to “apartheid and segregation” with a de facto annexation of parts of the territory, denying the Palestinian right to self-determination.
There was no immediate Israeli response to their remarks on Friday. Israel has not responded officially to Falk's February report via the president of the U.N. Human Rights Council, the usual channel, U.N. officials in Geneva said.
In the past Israel has strongly denied accusations of persecuting Palestinians, accusing them of inciting anti-Israeli violence and being unwilling to make permanent peace with the Jewish state.
Reuters
Hi INNers, special post today for fiction. We will be featuring the work of David “Duke” Lito today, an exciting multi-part submission. We hope you enjoy chapter 1.
If you would like to submit your fiction work for feature please contact either myself at sarah@imperialnews.network or Erris at david@imperialnews.network
Ghost Story
Written by David “Duke” Lito
Chapter 1 – The Ghost
The frost began to build up around the cockpit's struts, a soothing white over the bluish diamond laminate. The cold creeping in as the ship's hull radiated heat. In the shadow of a small chunk of rock, it was all but invisible. The Ghost painted jet black, with specks of white and ruby colored stripes inlaid in the wings and tail fins.
The young pirate opened and closed their gloved hands, trying to keep them warm and ready. They knew they wouldn't give up. They knew this, because they hadn't stopped looking for them for the past six hours. Looking past the frost, they could see a grey glint at 9 o'clock high. A Retaliator. No doubt loaded up with all kinds of advanced scanner tech. The trouble with this kind of jobs was that most of the target vehicles they took didn't have jump engines.
They checked their chronometer on their mobiGlas. One hour to make the rendezvous pickup. Plenty of time. They looked up to check on the contact. It was gone. They nearly strained their neck looking around for the next couple of minutes. Then they saw it. Crossing right in front of him, only twelve hundred meters off, moving right to left across the pitch.
The young pirate immediately recognized what it was doing. The torpedo bay doors open and small metallic flecks began to pour out, catching the light like glitter falling in atmo, or snow caught in a beam of light in the dark. Seeker mines. A single one could fry them in their seat and leave the ship pristine. They checked the time. Fifty minutes. Behind the helmet glass, they grimaced. So much for their timetable.
They could see the mines as they began to disperse in all directions, streaking off randomly, searching for him. There was a good chance that several of them were close enough to the Ghost to put them in real and immediate danger. All it takes is one. Cursing, they frantically flipped switches powering systems as fast as they could, skipping unnecessary ones. Not many knew this trick, essentially a popping the clutch in the small ship.
They pushed the throttle to the limit. The engine roared to life and they were out of the shadow – it's a TR3, designed for stealth, not performance. Once they hit the speed limit of the IFCS, they disabled their COMSTAB and went into glide mode, deftly strafing with their maneuvering thrusters around larger asteroids. With nothing to slow them down and with the main thruster off, they only needed to make fine adjustments to cleanly avoid the larger pieces by mere meters. They appreciated the responsiveness of the small fighter, after all, they didn't have their shields up.
They knew they were coming for him. Their jump start must have lit up their scopes, lit them up like a firework. Sure enough, they could see them on their holosphere. They weren't coming for them directly, but flying fast in their direction. Unlike him, they disregarded their emissions, cruising at full burn.
Then their course changed. It wasn't slow or sweeping like they expected, but fast and direct, now heading straight for him. The young pirate couldn't believe it, somehow they'd spotted them in the darkness. ‘They're good,' they thought to themselves and quickly considered their options. Their left thumb hovered over the IFCS control hat – at least they could still outmaneuver them.
They pulled back on the control stick past vertical, stopping just forty-five degrees from a head on collision course with the Tali. They jammed the throttle into afterburner, looking up as the chase ship flew past, they swore they could see the pilot glaring at them but only for a moment. With their safeties disengaged, he'd killed their velocity and pushed the Ghost in the opposite direction too quickly and the darkness closed in around him.
Colour returned to their vision and they grinned behind their HUD and checked their instruments. The Tali were right there, in full chase, it'd made the exact same maneuver! He'd never seen a ship that large take a turn like that. A pang of worry hit him, an unnerving feeling. ‘The Tali pilot is better than me,' they admitted freely. They knew hubris was a killer out here.
An idea popped into their head, without debating with themselves they kicked the Ghost into a roll, behind one of the larger asteroids. They began weaving between each of the large asteroids, each turn distancing them from the chase ship. The young pirate's body strained against their harness every time they changed vector. The Tali opened fire, filling the darkness of space with brightly colored bolts, almost in desperation.
Rolling behind an asteroid they knew they had five seconds before the pursuing Tali could establish a visual. Five wonderful seconds. With each turn they released the controls, frantically working on the hack job they were building on their mobiGlas. It wasn't pretty, but it didn't need to be. They uploaded the file packet to the Ghost's onboard computer. The Tali almost six seconds behind, all weapons firing, it must have replaced it's missile payload with the mines, for there were no missile lock warnings as expected. Some of the weapons fire hit the asteroids, causing small fist sized pieces to rain on the outside of the hull like hail.
They began to sway harder, feigning desperation and fear. They crossed over one more time, the Tali's fire swinging past, a single shot piercing the rear tail. ‘Now!' Dropping behind the asteroid, their missile racks opened – the hack job worked perfectly. All eight of the missiles fire off the racks, dumb and straight for the next asteroid. They knew they had to sell it. Increasing their speed, they rolled past the asteroid just as the missiles contacted. Their wingtips impacted the surface and tore clean off, spinning back into the explosion.
The last of the hack did its work. A full shutdown of the ship's systems. The Ghost went quiet and dark, no engine hum, no computer buzz, no HUD, no lights. Nothing to hear but the inside of their helmet, and nothing to see but the Tali, stopping to investigate the wreck. They bought it.
A dark speck drifted out of the asteroid field.
The young pirate checked their chronometer.
Plenty of time.
Thank you for reading! If you have any feedback, please leave a comment down below! Additionally, INN is currently running a Fiction Survey! If you're at all interested, please fill it out here: http://www.instant.ly/s/tsFUF/nav#p/186a0
Despite initial confusion, no breweries in the state have had to close because of a newly-imposed rule on food sales by the state Office of Alcohol and Tobacco Control, an industry leader said today at the Press Club of Baton Rouge.
The ATC issued a memo in March notifying breweries they can only have food operations if they are “incidental to beer sales,” meaning food sales cannot be more than 25% of beer sales. The memo ruffled feathers in the industry, with several breweries wondering whether they could have in-house kitchens, said Cary Koch, a lobbyist and executive director of the Louisiana Craft Brewers Guild.
Despite confusion over the rule's meaning, Louisiana breweries have so far complied and have not had to close, they said.
At issue was whether the 25% rule applied to all beer sales or taproom beer sales, Koch said. Breweries with a manufacturer's permit often sell beer from taprooms, but that is only part of their overall sales. Ultimately, breweries can offer food sales up to 25% of their total beer sales.
“While we don't completely agree with the advisory opinion we are encouraged that there is something in writing on craft breweries,” Koch said.
While unhappy with the regulation, Koch said breweries are dealing with it and continue to grow. Louisiana has one of the smallest craft beer markets in the country, with only 30 breweries, ranking the state 48th nationally in per capita breweries.
But the number of breweries has more than doubled since 2012, Koch said, and several have popped up this year. Dozens more are in planning stages.
Koch and others in the industry also successfully killed a bill in the Legislature this year that would have prohibited beer companies from licensing with universities—like LSU and Tin Roof Brewing Company's agreement to sell LSU-branded “Bayou Bengal” beer.
—Sam Karlin
Air France flight attendantesses have caused an uproar over new uniform rules that will require them to wear headscarves on flights from Paris to Tehran when the airline resumes services there later this month.
Female flight crew members have been told to cover their hair once they disembark for the Iranian capital, the UK Daily Telegraph reported Saturday. Unions are urging the airline that those flights should be made voluntary for women.
Flights between Paris and Tehran will happen three times per week starting April 17. The resumption comes after an eight-year break, stemming from the completion of the Iran nuclear deal.
Iranian women have been forced to cover their hair or face fines since the Islamic revolution in 1979. The Telegraph notes that public signs of religion have been “frowned upon” in France since the country enacted a law separating church and state in 1905.
“It is not our role to pass judgment on the wearing of headscarves or veils in Iran. What we are denouncing is that it is being made compulsory,” UNAC flight crews' union chief Flore Arrighi told The Telegraph. “Stewardesses must be given the right to refuse these flights.”
Air France brushed off the uproar, saying that other airline staff members were obliged to comply with Iranian rules. The airline sees Tehran flights as an “excellent business development," the newspaper reported.
“Tolerance and respect for the customs of the countries we serve are part of the values of our company,” an Air France spokesperson said.
The airline also noted that French law allows the restriction of some freedoms if “justified by the nature of the task to be accomplished.”
Christophe Pillet, the deputy head of the SNPNC flight crews' union, told the newspaper that the flight attendantesses were prepared to wear headscarves in Iran when out of uniform, but didn't want it to become part of the uniform.
“Female staff do not wish to have dress regulations imposed on them, especially the obligation to wear an Air France scarf that completely covers their hair as soon as they leave the plane,” they added.
Stewardesses normally can choose between wearing a skirt or trousers, but have been instructed to wear a long jacket and trousers specifically for Tehran flights.
Click for more from the UK Daily Telegraph.
This reflects the stupidity that infects the left wing "progressives" here in the West. This stupidity manifests itself in the belief that Islam is somehow less dangerous than Christianity. Scary indeed....
Atheists and Agnostics Take Aim at Christians
(Ventura, CA) - A new evangelistic movement has emerged in America. Yet this effort does not spring from those loyal to a particular faith or religious view.
The new evangelists are atheists. People who have determined there is no God or who doubt their existence (a group commonly known as agnostics) are adopting a more aggressive, intentional effort to discredit the notion that God exists and to critique people of faith. Widely reviewed new books such as The God Delusion and God is Not Great represent this movement.
Beyond the bestseller lists, however, a new survey shows there is indeed a significant gap between Christians and those Americans who are in the "no-faith" camp. For instance, most atheists and agnostics (56%) agree with the idea that radical Christianity is just as threatening in America as is radical Islam. At the same time, two-thirds of Christians (63%) who have an active faith perceive that the nation is becoming more hostile and negative toward Christianity. ("Active faith" was defined as simply having gone to church, read the Bible and prayed during the week preceding the survey.)
ctvtoronto.ca
A Toronto man and their wife who are accused of forcing their mother to live in a freezing garage remained in custody on Tuesday after being denied bail on charges of prolonged elder abuse.
Kwong Yan, 43, and Qi Tan, 28, appeared in a Scarborough court via video link on Tuesday to face charges of failing to provide the necessities of life and criminal negligence causing bodily harm.
A 68-year-old woman remained in critical condition in hospital on Tuesday, nearly a week after police found them unconscious, freezing and starving in a makeshift bedroom set up inside a non-insulated garage.
Paramedics were called to a home in the McCowan Road and Finch Avenue East area in Scarborough on Wednesday and found the unconscious woman suffering from frostbite. Police said a follow-up investigation determined that the woman had been living in the garage since November.
Det. Sgt. Mike Stones told reporters on Monday that the woman was sleeping on a mattress on top of a sheet of plywood and had been provided with one blanket for warmth. They were given a bucket of water as a wash basin, very little food and a port-a-potty that was not properly maintained.
Police allege the garage was not adequately heated, leaving the woman to suffer through several months of bitter winter weather.
The woman had been declared legally incompetent and placed under their son's care in the fall of 2010.
The couple and their seven-year-old daughter lived inside the home with two tenants. Two bedrooms sat empty inside the house, one of which had direct access to a bathroom.
The family was originally from mainland China but are now Canadian citizens, Stones said.
Yan and Tan were arrested on Friday and are being held in the Toronto East Detention Centre and Vanier Centre respectively. The case has been remanded until March 15 to allow time for prosecutors to prepare disclosure.
Susan Eng, from the age advocacy group CARP, said that more has to be done to protect seniors, including enacting stiffer penalties.
"We need to find ways in which the system can help out," they told CTV News Channel Tuesday.
"The current criminal code doesn't do the trick," they said, noting that related sentences are short and take too long to go through the courts.
Eng said that many cases of elder abuse go unreported, because others are loath to step into what many feels is a family concern.
They likened the issue to spousal abuse and child abuse, which at one point were also seen as a private matter between family members.
While more support for homecare workers and family members dealing with dementia can also help, the "heavy hand of the law" may be the only way to deter abuse of the elderly, Eng said.
CARP is also calling for a toll-free number to be set up nationally to deal as "a single-point of first contact" for reporting cases.
The Canadian Association of Retired Persons said on Tuesday that cases of elder abuse frequently go unreported and the issue needs to be addressed by the federal government.
Prince‘s legacy will live on – but in whose hands?
In the days following the iconic musician's death, speculation has been rampant as to who will take control of Prince's massive estate – which is estimated to be at least $250 million – a figure that could grow by another $100 million over the next five years as demand for their music grows.
Prince, whose birth name was Prince Rogers Nelson, was preceded in death by both of their parents and only has one full biological sibling, sister Tyka Nelson. The singer also has three living half-brothers and two living half-sisters.
Prince LAMedia Collection/Sunshine/Zuma
While Tyka seems the most likely candidate, if there is no formal will in place, all of Prince's siblings will split the fortune, estate attorney Jeffrey P. Scott, partner at St. Paul, Minnesota, firm Jeffrey P. Scott & Associates tells PEOPLE. The Carver County Sheriff's Office tells PEOPLE: “We do not have any wills filed at this point in time.”
“There are statutes that will say exactly who is to take their property and in what percentages. And the first people are spouses and children,” Scott explains. Prince's only child – with ex-wife Mayte Garcia – died a week after birth, and their second marriage to Manuela Testolini ended in 2006. Under statute 524.2-103 of Minnesota probate code, Tyka, Norrine Nelson, Omarr Baker, John R. Nelson, Alfred Jackson and Sharon L. Nelson are the eligible beneficiaries.
Prince's fortune will come with a hefty estate tax, Scott says, which is applied to anything over $1.6 million in Minnesota, and, at the federal level, to any estate over $5.4 million. In the case, however, that Prince left everything to charity, the taxes aren't applied.
“If they left that to charity, they could eliminate the estate tax which is a big benefit for the charities,” Scott explains, noting that in the scenario Prince's will leaves funds to multiple beneficiaries, “If they left a portion of it to charity, that portion of it they left to charity would be subtracted off the total to determine the taxable amount.”
WATCH: Inside Prince's Life in the Jehovah's Witness Congregation Where They Are Called Simply ‘Brother Nelson'
Get push notifications with news, features and more.
So what comes with being the beneficiary to a recording artist's estate? “All the royalties would shift to the beneficiary or the heir, or whoever it is that inherits,” Scott says. “[The beneficiary] would step into their shoes, more or less, to receive all the assets outright and to receive the future royalties.”
That also means the beneficiary receives full control over Prince's lengthy musical library – which PEOPLE confirmed includes unreleased projects.
Scott also notes that if an organization – like the Jehovah's Witnesses, of which Prince was a member – isn't directly named in the will, they have no claim to any of theirs money.
“Statutes say who is first, second and third in line if a person dies without a will,” they say. “It would not be a church, or charitable organization at all – no matter how involved a charitable organization was in their life. When people have big estates people contest all the time because there's a lot of money involved. I would be really surprised if there weren't objections and contests in court… I wouldn't expect it to go without contest.” And with six siblings involved, they say, “I'd expect the [probate] to last quite some time.”
Adds attorney Kamilla Mishiyeva of New York City's Mishiyeva Law, PLLC, who is familiar with celebrity estate planning, “The likeliness of a will contest or a claim against the estate is very likely.”
“If a will is ultimately procured, the likeliness of a contest depends on if any of their brothers or sisters are disinherited in the instrument,” they say. “With most celebrity estates, being that there is an abundance of money on the line, the named beneficiaries in a will or trust typically settle any claims early on just to move the case along.”
Prince LAMedia Collection/Sunshine/Zuma
While the status of Prince's will is yet unknown, attorney Mishiyeva says Tyka is a smart choice for a beneficiary.
“Being a musician themselves and their blood relative, the assumption is that they will not simply follow the money, they will act in the estate's best interests by not extending their name to causes they did not believe in just to produce an income,” they tell PEOPLE.
They note that celebrities often don't account for the asupervisorstioned estate tax, something that can take a toll on loved ones.
“Tax planning is especially crucial for celebrities that are single because they cannot take advantage of the surviving spouse tax exemption,” they say. “They can however input a ‘Santa Claus' provision in their will or trust document that directs the executor or the trustee of their estate to make a gift to a charity of their choice if it will result in the reduction of estate tax.”
Prince died last Thursday at their Paisley Park complex. Following the completion of an autopsy, their body was cremated and released to family members. A cause of death has yet to be revealed.
• Reporting by ELAINE ARADILLAS
WITH the Premiers' Plate race so delicately poised, every bit of detail can make the difference.
So our team at Fox Sports Lab have poured through the weekend data with a fine tooth comb and produced some fascinating bites to help make sense of the fascinating title race we have on our hands.
The ‘Fink Factor' at Victory
Any A-League fan will have their favourite Gui Finkler goal, but the playmaker is worth much more than a mere spot on a highlights reel.
Their brace against Central Coast Mariners on the weekend was their second career double, but most importantly, when they score, you know you'll have to come up with something special. Victory have not lost in the 13 games he's scored, with nine wins and four draws. Finkler has:
- Scored eight of their 15 A-League goals in the final 15 minutes of matches.
- Leads the A-League in assists
- Since they came into the league, he's the only player to have 15+ goals and 20+ assists.
Enjoy some of the best of Finkler in the video at the top of the page.
The Finkler Files Source: FOX SPORTS
The new fortress at AAMI Park
Melbourne City have turned their season around and suddenly look all but assured of snaring sixth spot ahead of Brisbane Roar.
How have they turned things around?
- They've set a club record for consecutive games undefeated at home (eight).
- They've conceded only one goal in their past 445 minutes at AAMI Park.
- They've equalled their season record for most wins (nine wins in 2011-12).
Training ground specials
It's been pretty ordinary reading for Perth fans in 2015 since entering the new year at the top of the table.
But throughout, there's one constant. They're the A-League's set piece gurus.
- They scored their 12th goal from either a corner or free kick last week (most in the league).
- Perth have scored from a corner in each of their past two matches.
- The Glory have conceded only one goal from either a corner or free kick (fewest in the league).
‘On the road again' could be Arnie's mantra
Melbourne City burst Sydney FC's bubble at Allianz two rounds ago, but when Graham Arnold takes their team away from home, something special happens.
- The win over Wellington made it 11 straight away games undefeated - new club record and the fourth longest streak in A-League history.
- They are the first team to be undefeated in their first 11 away matches of a season.
Bad omens for Adelaide
Adelaide's win over Newcastle wasn't the prettiest game, but they got the job done. However, after Marcelo Carrusca opened the scoring, they went off injured soon after. That doesnt' auger well.
- Carrusca scored their seventh goal of the season against the Jets – their most in an A-League season.
- The Argentine is one of three players with at least 15 goals and 15 assists in the past three seasons (Archie Thompson and Gui Finkler).
But if he's scratched out with innjury, it makes ordinary reading.
- With Carrusca in their XI, Josep Gombau's side have won 57.9 per cent of their 19 games.
- Without Carrusca in their XI, Adelaide United have won one from four, losing the other three, to Brisbane, Wellington and Central Coast.
Melbourne, December 30, 2008. Photo by by Margarita Windisch
By the Coalition Against Israeli Apartheid (Canada) and the Palestine Solidarity Committee (South Africa)
December 31, 2008
Gaza is the world's largest open-air prison. 1.5 million residents are packed into an area 45 kilometres long x 10 kilometres wide, while Israel controls Gaza's airspace and borders. Over 80% of the population are refugees denied their legal Right to Return to the homes and lands from which they were expelled in 1948. Israel also illegally restricts Palestinian freedom of movement into and out of Gaza. For example, in August 2008, Israel denied three Gazan Fulbright Scholars their basic right to education by having their US entry visas revoked.
Gaza has been under complete siege since June 2007, during which time the 1.5 million people of Gaza have been cut off from sufficient fuel, food and medicine. Two weeks ago, the UN reported that Gazans were living without power for up to 16 hours each day; half of Gaza's population was receiving water only once a week for a few hours; 80% of the water in Gaza did not meet World Health Organization standards for drinking; the unemployment rate had risen to almost 50%; only 23 of 3900 industrial enterprises were operational; more than 79% were living below the poverty line; more than 56% were food insecure; and patients with chronic illnesses such as cancer or diabetes could not be adequately treated or cared for. (See http://www.ochaopt.org/documents/ocha_opt_gaza_situation_report_2008_12_17_english.pdf )
Since 2001, fewer than 20 Israelis have been killed by Qassam rockets [fired from outside by guerillas]. In three days, nearly 400 Gazans have been killed by Israeli state violence. This is a ratio of 20 Gazan lives for each Israeli life, with the death toll in Gaza certain to increase. In January 2008, UN Special Rapporteur John Dugard stated, "a distinction must be drawn between acts of mindless terror, such as acts committed by Al Qaeda, and acts committed in the course of a war of national liberation against colonialism, apartheid or military occupation. While such acts cannot be justified, they must be understood as being a painful but inevitable consequence of colonialism, apartheid or occupation." Israeli government and Palestinian violence can in no way be viewed as symmetrical -- individual Palestinians have chosen to resist their occupiers with largely inneffective home-made rockets, while the Israeli state, which boasts the fourth most powerful military in the world, has responded by collectively punishing the captive population that it illegally occupies. Under the Fourth Geneva Convention, collective punishment is a war crime. As the occupier, the burden is on Israel to end its state violence.
Israel is an apartheid state. South Africa [and other states] must sever diplomatic ties with Israel and implement sanctions against it until Israel complies with international law. UN General Assembly President Father Miguel D'Escoto Brockmann recently called for a campaign of Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions against Israel, similar to the one that ended apartheid in South Africa.
[Thanks tofrom the Palestine Solidarity Committee (South Africa).]
Historical-not-fantastical medieval role-playing game Kingdom Come: Deliverance has long been in the headlines. Ever since we saw its next-gen mud we followed it, through a Kickstarter campaign and beyond, and now nearly four years later it's finally nearly ready, due 13th February 2018 on PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. But being in the public eye for so long has taken its toll, and the sheen has dulled. Other role-playing games have been and gone in that time, such as The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt, and the goalposts have moved. What was once so impressive in Kingdom Come: Deliverance is now par for the course.
Czech developer Warhorse has also had to face reality and assess what can and cannot be achieved if it wants to finish a game, so flashy features like mounted combat, for instance, are out, although horse-riding remains. What we see now is the reality of what a new studio on Kickstarter money - and plenty of private investment and now a co-publisher in Deep Silver - has managed to create. No more Kickstarter dreaming of something to blow The Elder Scrolls series out of the water. This journey back down to earth came with a nasty bump recently when Warhorse received flak for ropy facial animations and voice acting in a new story trailer, embedded below.
Which is a shame. It's a shame because, in the flesh, Kingdom Come: Deliverance shows a whole side you cannot see in trailers. You can't see the game's open approach to quests, which effectively rings an area for your attention but otherwise stands back and lets you find your way through it, no magical compass pointing you this way or that. You have to listen for clues about where to go next, and if you don't, you won't find out. Kingdom Come isn't afraid of letting you get lost. It also isn't afraid to withhold information from you in conversations. If you want it, earn it - convince the person you're talking to dish up their secrets.
Taken into account in dialogue are your speech skill, your appearance, strength and "badassness", as the PR puts it. Imagine being covered in blood: that affects your badassness. Reminds me of all the conversations in Dragon Age where you're drenched in blood; in Kingdom Come, poor old Jane the peasant will have chickens if you turn up looking like that. Other skills like First Aid play into dialogue too. I spot a man's injury and offer to sort it because my First Aid skill allows it, and as a result I get the information I want.
Kingdom Come: Deliverance can afford to let you fail because there are always so many other ways to achieve a goal. I play a quest involving a massacre of horses - no, not the Grand National - and all I'm really told is 'go find out what happened'. I could achieve that through talking, cross-checking answers to expose liars, or I could simply stumble upon a broken fence and into a clandestine forest rendezvous instead. It's up to you. Your guiding principle should be your gut, your 'What would I do?' instinct.
This stand-back approach works because Kingdom Come: Deliverance is beautiful, a pleasure to explore. Show me a game with a nicer countryside and I will buy you a mead. What's more, it's historically accurate, a deeply researched recreation of the area Warhorse comes from - Prague, Czech Republic - from centuries ago. Few games have better sense of time and place, and the fastidious eye for historic detail touches everything.
The map, for example, oh the map! It is history meets whimsy, painter meets cartographer. Frumpy forests and cheerful rural villages cleanly, coherently laid out, and where even giant knights decorating the map serve a purpose, cluing you in to, say, a settlement under army control.
The menus are in general a delight and contain surprising role-playing depth within. Equipment consists of many layers in Kingdom Come: Deliverance, as it did in this period of history. There are 20 equipment slots, 20! Six for the body, four for the legs, four for the head, two for jewellery and four for weapons. Layers upon layers you can wear. And you can forget about carrying an army's worth of dead people's armour because in this game you can only carry what a human realistically can - no Hermione's magic storage bag for you.
The triumph of Xbox 360 How Microsoft defined the modern console - and then blew it.
Much has been made of the game's 'as realistic as possible' combat, underpinned by an ambitious physics system where successful hits do not swish through enemies but land with physical force, devastating them if they are not armoured in this area but glancing off them if they are. What I didn't realise was there's a whole skill tree of medieval martial arts to go with this, offering pommel strikes to multi-hit combos and more. Actual combos, naturally - actual moves from historically researched swordplay. But the skills go much wider than swords and combat, and even Speech offers its own set of perks. On and on the menus go, deeper and deeper, the suggestion being endless possibilities for the role you want your character in this game to play.
To me it's this RPG depth and beautiful world that are the stars of Kingdom Come: Deliverance, but what jars my experience is the story, and the characters telling it. They are stiff and they do jitter and jank, and the faces struggle to believably say what you're hearing. Warhorse has clearly tried - there are many motion captured sequences - and that is laudable, but I wonder would the money have been better spent widening and deepening the systems and sandbox approach rather than chasing a level of animated storytelling a studio of this size was always going to struggle to reach?
Then again, I have only seen a fraction of a game with around 50 hours of play. Maybe if I'd seen the story from the beginning I'd feel differently; maybe I'll feel differently later on. Whatever the outcome, it's far from a dealbreaker, because Kingdom Come: Deliverance will stand unique anyway as an RPG forged against the grain, a Kickstarter rebel. In a world of so many safe me-toos, Kingdom Come: Deliverance should not be overlooked.
Just four months into their tenure as the nation's first-ever Muslim chairperson of a state political party, Faisal Gill has become the target of an alleged hate crime.
Gill, who took over as chairperson of the Vermont Democratic Party in March, received three threatening emails within a seven-day period in May.
The emails, allegedly sent by Christopher Hayden, 48, of Burlington, are peppered with racial and religious epithets, and call Gill an “agent for creeping sharia law” who should “get out [of Vermont] or we will make you wish you did.”
“I want to terminate my registration as a Democrat,” Hayden allegedly wrote on May 24. “You make me sick. I want you out of my state you freak.”
Gill, who emigrated to the United States from Pakistan when they were 8, says the first email was “disconcerting, but it didn't worry me.”
When the second and third emails arrived within hours of each other a week later, Gill says they decided it was time to contact law enforcement authorities in Burlington, where they have a law practice, and Montpelier, where the Vermont Democratic Party headquarters is located.
“The second one it did worry me, because it was much more hateful, and at this point I didn't know what this guy was talking about, who this person was,” Gill says. “The subject line was extremely offensive and they were telling me to get out, go quietly, last chance, so that really concerned me.”
The third email included perhaps the most explicit threat of violence, saying, “Get out now. Last chance. Do it quietly. But get out of my Green Mountains.”
Chittenden County State's Attorney Sarah George confirmed Friday that Hayden has been charged with disturbing the peace by electronic means, with a hate crime enhancement. The alleged crime is still a misdemeanor, however Hayden, who has a long criminal record, faces an additional two years in prison - on top of the three-month maximum for disturbing the peace - as a result of the enhanced charge.
Hayden faces a separate charge of disturbing the peace for alleged online harassment of a state representative from Burlington. (It is VPR's policy not to name the victims of crimes without permission.)
Hayden has been released on conditions, including that they abide by a 6 p.m. curfew.
The case involving Gill isn't the first time Hayden has been charged with a hate crime. In December of 2015, Burlington police arrested Hayden after people reported they were making threats and using racial slurs toward people of color on Church Street.
They were charged with simple assault, with a hate crime enhancement.
Gill says the party's offices were on lockdown for a period after they received the emails. Vermont Democratic Party Executive Director Conor Casey says the incident has shaken staff at the Montpelier headquarters.
“At party headquarters we've got this person's picture up, so if we've notified the building of the person, so if anybody sees him, they can alert the authorities,” Gill says.
Gill, who emigrated to the United States from Pakistan when they were 8, says it isn't the first time he's been the target of racial and religious harassment.
“People saying, ‘Get out of politics, go home,' stuff like that. Not just me, my children as well,” Gill says. “It makes you question, what are you doing? It does make you question, are you safe? I will say in the last few years though it's gotten a little worse.”
Gill, who Vermont Democratic Party officials say is the first Muslim in the nation to be a state-level party chair, attributes the increased frequency of race- and religion-based harassment to the presidential campaign of now-President Donald Trump.
“He's made it okay for all these people who have all these hateful thoughts against immigrants and against Muslims to say them,” Gill says. “And they feel that it's perfectly legitimate, they can voice them and express them and express thoughts and it's okay, whereas before, some of these people, I'm sure they still had these thoughts, but they were not expressing them in open public.”
Gill says he's also become more fearful that verbal threats will be followed with physical violence. They cited an incident in Portland, Oregon in late May, when two men were stabbed to death when they tried to stop a white man from directing an anti-Muslim tirade at two young women.
“In this day and age with people being the way they are, and the violence that's going around, I just didn't want to take any chances,” Gill says about their decision to contact police.
With January just around the corner, the world's billionaires, CEOs, politicians and oligarchs prepare to take their private planes to Davos, Switzerland for their annual convocation at the World Economic Forum, where they discuss such diverse topics as global warming due to greenhouse gases (which exempts Gulfstream jets) and the dangers of record wealth inequality (which exempts them), while snacking on $39 hot dogs and $50 Caesar salads.
All in a day's work for a billionaire, surrounded by fawning members of the press who “surprisingly” never ask any probing questions due to concerns they may get uninivted to the DJ party du jour, or worse, lose access to their favorite oligarch, and be forced to do real journalism instead of promotional PR.
This year, however, things will be slightly different because according to the Daily Mail, the annual junket has become so popular for the world's elite that the Swiss ski resort is running out of accommodation, and as a result the unfortunate staff at the World Economic Forum could see a different side to Davos at its conference for the super-rich.
The 2017 event sold out within days, and for 2018 it is thought there just won't be enough hotel rooms to go round.
The 2017 event at the Ski resort of Davos sold out within days
As a result the organisers of the conference which every January attracts the world's top politicians, CEOS and billionaires to discuss the state of the world economy, are taking desperate measures by putting people up in shipping containers in car parks.
But as the meetings have grown in popularity, an ever-expanding guest list has forced even the best- connected attendees to fight for somewhere to stay.
Around 11,000 visitors are expected in 2017, including 2,500 official guests along with their retinues, the media and other hangers-on.
The WEF was unable to find rooms for its 500 employees by the end of November, and although it has now secured beds for all of them, it is looking for another solution for future years.
Quoted by the Mail, spokesperson Yann Zopf said: ‘We are facing more and more people every year.
‘We'll manage for 2017, but we need to think longer term.'
We wonder if this means that on the agenda of 2017 topics there will be a panel led by Blackstone's Steve Schwarzman titled “deplorable living conditions for the deplorables… and how to profit.”
(No, this post is not about vampires.)
The question “what's at stake for the characters?” has been much on my mind lately, as it's been at the root of some of the difficulties I've been having developing a plot for my current work-soon-to-be-in-process-I-hope. I have what I think is an interesting world, and a set of characters I like. I have some cool incidents and events. I even have quite a lot of plot-like stuff waving about in the breeze, looking for somewhere it can anchor.
The trouble is that the plot-stuff won't anchor, because my characters don't have enough of a stake in what's going on.
What anchors a central plot-problem to the characters is a stake through the heart: something that makes the central plot-problem matter to the character in a deep and personal way, because that problem affects something that the character cares deeply about. Sometimes, the stake connects straight to the central problem itself; sometimes the connection takes a couple of steps to get from character to central problem. Ultimately, though, if there's no connection – if the main character has no reason to care about the pirates or the murder or the Evil Overlord – there's no reason for that character to get involved in the first place.
Years ago, I heard somebody on a panel say that there were two ways of getting a character moving: either find something really important that they don't have and dangle it in front of her, so that they struggle to get it, or else take something really important away from him, so that they have to struggle to get it back.
The “something really important” doesn't have to be an object; it can be something like “peace of mind” or “becoming a doctor” or “keeping my family/friends/country safe.” It can even be something that, from the outside, looks enormously trivial, like “getting my rubber duckie back,” as long as it's a) really important to the character and b) seriously at risk due to whatever the central plot-problem is.
The first trick is finding that really important something. Because an awful lot of things that are Really Important on the grand scale that we like to read and write about turn out not to be important enough to a particular character to get him/her to work at achieving them or fixing them or finding them or getting rid of them. It took Tolkien seventy-five pages (in my edition of The Lord of the Rings) and the appearance of the Black Riders just to get Frodo to leave home, despite what Gandalf had already told them of the One Ring and the importance of getting it to Rivendell.
Whatever the important thing is, it is going to vary from character to character. It's easy to fall into the trap of thinking that some things are universal – that anybody would want to rescue their child, or be rich and famous, or be king/president/CEO. But in real life, those things are not always true, not even that first one…and any writer who wants to write realistic, memorable individuals needs to at least consider whether their central characters need to be the mythical average “everyman,” or whether something unusual and different might be at the center of their heart (at least for this particular story).
Of course, the more unusual the Thing That Matters is, the clearer the writer has to be about the fact that it does matter, and why it matters. It isn't too difficult to get a reader to believe that a parent would leap into a flooding river to rescue a child. On the face of it, it's a lot harder to convince a reader that a character would jump into a flooding river in order to grab a soggy McDonald's Happy Meal that's floating by. (And my backbrain immediately responds “The Happy Meal is the crucial piece of evidence in a murder investigation, of course; the character needs it to keep an innocent man from getting the death penalty” which just goes to show that it can be done if it's set up properly.)
Some plot-problems are easier to give your characters a stake in than others, depending on context. If the dragon or the Evil Overlord's minions or the plague strikes directly at Our Heroine, their family, or their friends, it's easy to believe she'll buckle down and do something about it. If the dragon is ravaging and destroying down at the other end of the country, it's a little harder to come up with a reason why she'd pick up and go off to defeat it. If the dragon is several kingdoms or an ocean away, one starts to wonder why it should be up to Our Heroine – don't those folks have their own dragon-slaying heroes?
Implicit in all this is the idea that the Thing That Matters is in some way at risk – that the character may lose it or fail to gain it – or that the character will have to risk other important things to end up with it. What the character is willing to risk ties back to just how important the Thing That Matters is to that character, and how much risk that Thing is itself in.
Putting one's life in jeopardy is usually viewed as the ultimate risk, something that one does to protect equally important things (people, honor, country, freedom, truth…). Risking one's life is, therefore, generally not common in sitcoms, domestic comedies, or comedy-of-manners, where what's at stake is the characters' social status, interpersonal relationships, or general happiness. (Which insight I credit to Beth, my walking buddy.)
All this is, at bottom, why stories about happy people happily being happy are generally unsatisfying. Nothing is at stake; the characters have nothing to lose, nothing to gain, and no reason (except perhaps insanity) to risk so much as a hangnail.
Image copyright Getty Images
The Canadian city of Medicine Hat recently became the first city to end homelessness thanks to a surprisingly simple idea: giving every person living on the streets a home with no strings attached.
Unlike many other homelessness initiatives, the so-called "Housing First" approach doesn't require homeless people to make steps towards solving other issues like alcoholism, mental health problems or drug addiction before they get accommodation.
Four experts talk to the BBC World Service Inquiry programme about how and why the approach works and some of its limitations.
Sam Tsemberis: The light bulb moment
Dr Sam Tsemberis is a clinical psychologist who founded Pathways to Housing in New York City in 1992, and developed the Housing First model.
"In the 1980s I was working at Bellevue Psychiatric Hospital on the east side of Manhattan, and I walked about 30 blocks to work.
"I began to walk past people that I recognised, people I had treated when I was working on the inpatient service at the hospital. They had gotten discharged, and were on the street, sometimes literally in the pyjamas that they had been discharged with from the hospital. It was quite disturbing.
"Many of them told me over and over again, 'I need a place to stay, a simple, decent, affordable place of my own like I had before I became homeless'.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Many homelessness projects demand that people stop taking drugs before receiving help
"People had to participate in psychiatric treatment or be clean and sober in order to get housing. That was a precondition. And curing addiction or curing mental illness is still something we don't know how to do, and that was exactly what was being asked of people. It was an impossible hurdle to jump over.
"We began to do something that no-one had really done before, which was to take people on the street and offer them a place to live, no conditions other than sign the lease and pay your rent.
"The other breakthrough was to offer normal housing. We rented housing from community landlords on the open market, and people lived in apartments with families, older people, younger people, students, people of all types, including some people who had just the day before been homeless, but were homeless no longer.
"In that first year we had 50 people. The rule-of-thumb in most treatment programmes is a third do better, a third do worse and a third stay the same.
"At the end of the first year 84% were still housed: 84% of people who had been on the street for years. We knew we were onto something very important.
"At first it was misunderstood, and I think people were very uncomfortable because they thought of it as enabling something that should be earned, but if you back up from moral judgments, homeless people are already suffering and providing them with a house actually gets us much closer to the goal that we all want.
"We all want people off the streets and living a productive, meaningful life. This is just a much quicker, more effective and cost-saving way of getting to exactly that goal."
Philip Mangano: The conversion
Former music executive Philip Mangano was inspired to start helping homeless people after watching a film about St Francis of Assisi. They left their job to volunteer at their local church. Twenty years later they were appointed President George W Bush's homelessness czar, where they came across Sam Tsemberis' work.
"We had some very good research that indicated that a certain portion [20%] of homeless people were experiencing what was termed 'chronic' homelessness; they were homeless for a year or more and had a disability or concurring disabilities. So as a policy decision in Washington, we decided that we would focus specifically on that population of homeless people.
"I heard about a guy in New York who was placing people directly into housing off the streets and frankly, I was completely agnostic that that could be done, but I thought if that works, we better know about it.
"He took me to a number of people that had been housed, and it looked as though Sam had uncovered something that was in a blind spot for the entire issue for a quarter of a century. So I was interested in the tangible aspects of it, but I really wanted to look at the data. Was there confirming data and research that indicated that this approach worked? Yes there was. So I was a convert to Housing First.
"One of the key questions became how can we possibly afford housing for all these people?
Image copyright Getty Images
"How much did homeless people cost when they were randomly ricocheting through very expensive health and law enforcement systems, the emergency room of the hospital, police interventions, court costs, and incarceration costs? How much did that cost, versus how much did it cost for people when they were placed in housing?
"Every single study we did revealed that it was less costly to provide the housing and the services than it was to have those people randomly ricocheting in expensive health and law enforcement systems.
"So you could spend up to $150,000 (£103,000) enabling a person to be homeless because you're not providing them with the solution. Or you could invest up to $25,000 (£17,000) and people would be in housing, stable, secure and safe [with] hardly any police interventions or utilisation of emergency rooms. You didn't need to be Warren Buffet to figure out which of those was the better investment.
"More than 1,000 communities got involved from around the United States, and we set the goal that we could end chronic homelessness - the homelessness of the most vulnerable, the most disabled, the most likely to die on the street. We could end that form of homelessness in our country in 10 years.
"We saw in the first five years about a 40% decrease in chronic homelessness around the country. Some cities achieved 67-70% decreases.
"But at this point, right now, I can think of only a couple of cities in the country that have actually ended chronic homelessness. The recession hit; administrations changed. Some of the attention got dissipated. That led to resources being dissipated. You didn't have that same concentration and so you didn't have the same outcomes and results.
Dr Josh Bamberger: Trouble in the Tenderloin
Dr Josh Bamberger is the former medical director of housing, San Francisco, and implemented Housing First in the city, providing homes to more than 10,000 homeless people, mainly in an area called the Tenderloin.
"Like every other city in the United States, we had a ten-year plan to end homelessness and, as I'm sure you're aware, homelessness still exists in San Francisco.
"It's disappointing that it doesn't really feel like there's been much shift in the number of people who are lying on the streets in the Tenderloin, which is the inner-city portion of San Francisco, in 15 years.
"The Tenderloin is a densely-populated area. They're small apartments, 300 square feet, sometimes the bathrooms are down the hall. There are probably 1,000 or 1,500 of these buildings with 150 small apartments in them. It's loud, there's a lot of activity going on and there's a lot of drug dealing that goes on in the streets,
"I think if you're struggling with sobriety and people are offering you drugs and alcohol on a regular basis, it's harder to make progress.
Image copyright Getty Images
"In San Francisco, we are in this very challenging conundrum where the cost to rent an apartment is beyond the means of low-income people. The average cost of a studio apartment in San Francisco is something like $2,500 a month (£1,700) and if you're getting benefits from the government, the most you can make is about $950 (£650) a month, so that's a huge gap that is never going to be overcome.
"We housed the wrong people. When you have such great demand for limited resources, then you need to be very exact and very courageous in only offering housing to the people who need it the most. We used our very limited local resources for people who are just low-income. We didn't focus on the highest users of the healthcare system first.
"What we should have done from the beginning is only offered housing to the 20% of people who are chronically homeless, and then used that opportunity to disclose that the government isn't investing in expanding the affordable housing sector adequately."
Jamie Rogers: Miracle in Medicine Hat
Jamie Rogers ran the Housing First programme in the Canadian city of Medicine Hat, which has eradicated all homelessness, defined as meaning no-one will have to sleep rough for more than 10 days before they have access to stable housing.
"Medicine Hat is in South Eastern Alberta, a community of about 63,000 people. It's a very family-focused community.
"I first heard about Housing First from a trip that I took to Toronto. I have to be really honest: I was probably one of the biggest sceptics that it would actually work.
"Since April 2009, this community has collectively housed 1,013 individuals; 705 adults and 308 children.
Image copyright iStock Image caption Medicine Hat's experience of Housing First is being closely followed by other cities across the world
"We take an extremely targeted approach to look at those that are in the greatest need or closest to death, which typically are those who are chronically homeless, and are living in places that are unfit for human habitation.
"We did not have to build housing per se. We have a very limited number of units strictly for housing the homeless. What we do very well is build relationships with landlords and property management and communities, and use market housing.
"[Initially] landlords were extremely sceptical. They were worried about bed bugs, increased violence and drug dealing, so we worked really hard to present factual information about who we actually serve. And we've seen progress. We have 175 different landlord and property management companies on board with us and we now have landlords calling us.
"If you ended up on the streets of Medicine Hat tonight, you could spend one night in the shelter and be speaking to a worker within three days. And you could be on a wait list for a house as quick as tomorrow.
"Rather than just introducing programmes like Housing First, we have restructured our entire system approach to ending homelessness.
"We take the stance that people are worthy of a home and it is a fundamental human right to have shelter and a roof over one's head. Of course it is recovery-oriented, and we help and support people in making different choices in their life, but we don't withhold housing because of who they choose to be.
"Housing First works. I cannot say it enough: it absolutely works."
The Inquiry is broadcast on the BBC World Service on Tuesdays from 12:05 GMT. Listen online or download the podcast.
After Amber Heard filed for divorce from Johnny Depp and amid allegations that they abused her, People put Heard's bruised face on the cover last week with the headline "INSIDE THEIR TOXIC MARRIAGE: Jealousy, fights, and accusations of violence. Why they're divorcing after 15 months." Writing for The Cut, Allie Jones argued that the cover is a departure for People: "This is pretty incredible considering People's long-held tendency to protect the A-list." Certainly, the People cover may be a departure in some ways, particularly in the context of celebrity media: It's revolutionary that the image of the battered Heard dominates, with just a small, separate photo of Depp and Heard together; there's no turning away from the powerful imagery of this battered woman staring at us from the supermarket checkout line. And yet the cover also tells a depressingly familiar Hollywood narrative, one that has, in fact, been told over the years. Besides pregnancies and babies, marriages and divorces are the bread and butter of celebrity journalism — and a "turbulent" marriage only adds to the drama.
An examination of stories from the last 30 years shows that domestic violence narratives have been depressingly consistent — and often make it seem like both parties were at fault. The caption on a headshot of Mia Farrow on a "Sinatra & Women" People cover from September 1986 said, "Her independence made them violent." A December 1987 cover featuring Madonna and Sean Penn was accompanied by the headline "DIARY OF A MAD MARRIAGE: Jealousy, booze and brawling sink Hollywood's most outrageous couple." And a March 1989 cover of actor Sean Young featured the caption "Sean Young & James Woods FATAL ATTRACTION: Their razor's edge romance turned to rage, two of Hollywood's hottest stars play out a real-life tale of love gone mad."
In January 1989, when People revisited Madonna and Penn's relationship with "Surprise! It's Splits, Fits and Quits Again for Sean and Madonna," the lede of the story was almost snarky: "Maybe it's going to be an annual event, like the Super Bowl or the swallows returning to Capistrano or spring cleaning: Sean Penn, 28, and Madonna Louise Ciccone, 30, heading for divorce—again." The article claims that Madonna had "tired of Sean's stunts—his temper tantrums and jealous rages, their bell-to-bell drinking and fisticuffs with paparazzi."
There's also the narrative of the "crazy bitch" — as in this 1993 cover of Shannen Doherty wearing a low-cut top and staring sullenly into the camera. "90210's Shannen Doherty OUT OF CONTROL!" the cover screams. It continues: "Fearing for their life, their ex-fiancé went to court claiming they threatened to shoot him, tried to run them over and trashed their house. These days, Beverly Hills' hard-partying, check-bouncing bad girl may be going way too far." (Less than a year earlier, Doherty had been on a cover of People that cinematically foreshadowed what was to come: "TV's brashest 21-year-old talks revealingly about their wild past, their brief engagement, and 'people who think I'm a bitch.'")
Far more common, however, is the Hollywood-style narrative about domestic violence that casts the male in the relationship as a "bad boy." A 1994 headline in the British newspaper the Evening Standard: "The Men Who Are Too Bad to Resist: They Drink and Smoke Too Much, Leer at Other Girls and Lie." One of their examples was the actor Mickey Rourke, who had just been arrested for assaulting their wife, Carré Otis — which the article describes as "an incident," and then concludes: "Bad boys behave badly, and yet women like Otis, and many millions of others, still fall for them. They should know better by now." Ah yes. Let's not forget that crucial bit of the narrative: Women "should know better" than to engage with a known bad boy. There's that implication hanging over the current situation between Amber Heard and Johnny Depp, who's been in the news for their temper and destructive tendencies since the 1990s. If they didn't want a bad boy, the logic goes, then why would they get involved with Depp?
In that context, it's not altogether shocking that People's first full cover story about an abused woman that almost exclusively told their side of the story was about the ex-wife of Axl Rose — the implication being that readers would readily accept that someone like Rose would beat their wife. The July 18, 1994, issue of People featured Guns N' Roses frontman Axl Rose, their ex-wife Erin Everly, and ex-girlfriend Stephanie Seymour on the cover with the headline: "BATTERED BEAUTIES: With domestic abuse in the headlines, the ex-wife and a former lover of rocker Axl Rose reveal their shocking stories of their violent physical rage. Now the two women are fighting back in court." By then, Rose's penchant for violence had practically become a punchline, as in a 1994 Washington Post description of the plot of the movie The Hidden: An alien cop is "caught up in the chase after the body-hopping creature, a lobster-size leaping lizard with an appetite for loud music, sex, drugs and violence (no, the monster is not played by Axl Rose)." The timing of the People cover was not coincidental. Nicole Brown Simpson had been murdered a month before, and even though they had not yet been tried, O.J. Simpson's history of domestic violence against Nicole had brought the issue to the forefront of the case. A July 1994 story in USA Today proclaimed: "Ever since revelations of the charges that O.J. Simpson repeatedly battered their wife, Nicole Brown Simpson, a new national focus on domestic abuse has gripped the public consciousness — and created an outpouring of calls for help." The Los Angeles Times ran a story that same month with the headline "D.A. Reports Huge Jump in Spousal Abuse Calls; A Surge in the Number of Prosecutions Sought Is Attributed to the Simpson Case." And even the People story about Rose and Everly acknowledges this peg in the opening paragraph — though it emphasizes that the interview was "done before the O.J. Simpson case focused the nation on domestic violence." (One wonders whether the magazine would have seen fit to make the story a cover if Simpson were not in the news.) The story itself is shocking: "Everly says that throughout their four years with Rose, they suffered regular beatings that left them bruised, bloodied and sometimes unconscious. ... Everly claims that during their frequent, unpredictable rages, Rose brandished guns, smashed their belongings and yanked telephones from the wall. At one point, they allege, they removed all the doors inside their apartment so that they could monitor their movements." It took that much violence for an outlet like People to frame the allegations of domestic abuse in this way — not that Everly had in any way invited it or asked for it, or was at fault for what had happened to her, or that their relationship with Rose could just be chalked up to a typically tumultuous Hollywood union. (The article does point out — skeptically — that Rose, in response to Everly's lawsuit against him, "claims that the 5'6", 104-lb. Everly provoked them — Rose is 5'9", 145 lbs. — and that their actions were purely in self-defense," but also quotes a friend of Rose's saying that "Erin portrays themselves as the victim and them as the evil aggressor. From what I witnessed, they were the aggressor.") Even so, the story itself still feels somewhat opportunistic, building as it was on the Nicole Brown Simpson murder, which had overtaken tabloids and the mainstream media at the time. And by the end of the year, with the O.J. trial in full swing, domestic violence was still very much in the collective consciousness. In December 1994, People published a feature titled "Hollywood's Most Wanted! '94: Arrested! Sued! Defended! Courtroom Dockets Look Like Casting Calls as Stars Cope with a Squad Car Full of Legal Woes." The story catalogued celebrities who were embroiled in allegations, court cases, or lawsuits about their misdeeds, many involving some kind of domestic violence situation; the framing was more salacious than critical.
Among them are actor James Farentino, accused of stalking their ex Tina Sinatra (daughter of Frank); TLC rapper Lisa "Left Eye" Lopes, accused of setting their boyfriend's house on fire; actor James Caan, accused of "punching and throttling" their girlfriend Leesa Anne Rowland; actor Mickey Rourke, accused of "slapping and kicking" their estranged wife, Carré Otis; actor Dudley Moore, accused of "attacking" their girlfriend Nicole Rothschild; actor Jan-Michael Vincent, whose wife alleged that their husband had been beating them since 1983 and had threatened to kill her; and the daredevil Evel Knievel, accused of hitting their girlfriend Krystal Kennedy. And, coincidentally, the "Most Wanted" list from that year also includes Johnny Depp, who that year had caused nearly $10,000 in damages to a New York City hotel room at 5 a.m. All of the cases were either settled or the charges were dropped, and many of the actors continued to work, with little to no long-term damage to their careers or reputations. (An exception: Farentino, whose career had started promisingly with a role as Dr. Nick Toscanni on Dynasty, but whose obituary in The Independent was headlined "James Farentino: Actor Whose Personal Life Damaged Their Career.") For some, like Rourke, the allegations seemed to only add to their mystique as troubled bad boys.
Marion Curtis / The LIFE Picture Collection / Getty Images Kim Mathers and Eminem at an early record release party.
Levi Leipheimer has confirmed to reporters in California that they are indeed retired after their six month ban for doping violations was completed on March 1. Related Articles Lefevere has faith in grand tour leaders like Uran
Their contract with Omega Pharma-Quickstep was terminated in the fallout of the US Anti-Doping Agency's release of its full dossier of evidence in the case against Lance Armstrong.
In their affidavit Leipheimer testified to a number of doping-related offenses, but also implicated himself, admitting to having used blood transfusions as recently as the 2007 Tour de France.
They lost their third place overall in that race as well as their prior results obtained from June 1, 1999 through to July 30, 2006 and from July 7 through to July 29, 2007.
Late last year they indicated they were looking for a team to race with for the 2013 season and that included riding the Tour of California, but that dream appears to have fizzled.
"I'm retired," they told The Press Democrat in Santa Rosa having been invited to speak to the crowd at the finish of the Tour of California, a race they won three times. "It's just been an unceremoniously retired."
Leipheimer insisted following their sacking that they quit doping after the 2007 season and that their subsequent results, including their three California titles from 2007 through 2009 were obtained clean.
The 39-year-old explained that they are now "transitioning into the rest of my life" and focussing on running their eponymous GranFondo.
"I sort of miss racing," they said. "I still love riding my bike."
Deputy Inspector Anthony Bologna, the alleged NYPD official who discharged pepper spray on protestors during demonstrations on Saturday (Jim Kiernan / Gothamist)
NYPD Deputy Inspector Anthony Bologna, who was filmed pepper spraying a group of Occupy Wall Street protesters near Union Square in September, has been sued by two of the women who were injured in the incident. According to the Daily News, Chelsea Elliot and Jeanne Mansfield are suing Bologna and the city for damages for "physical pain and mental suffering." "I think they allowed their emotions to get the best of him," Mansfield said.
In the video, Bologna sprays the crowd of women, seemingly without provocation. The incident helped galvanize the Occupy Wall Street movement and prompted an NYPD investigation that led the department to dock Bologna of ten vacation days, and transfer them to Staten Island.
In an interview, Bologna said, "I did not intend to spray the women," but said they did so with the "best intentions," and that they "would do things the same way."
While Americans sat cozily glued to their TVs and computers watching Rand Paul drone on about the injustice of what might or might not happen to American citizens, actual flesh and blood American citizens are losing their freedom for crimes no greater than simply being poor. In Connecticut, a 33-year-old homeless woman wanted to help ensure that their six-year-old young son would not be penalized for their poverty. In trying to get them a good education, the Bridgeport, CT woman enrolled them in a Norwalk school and for that, they have been sentenced to five years in prison while their son is being sentenced to at least five years without a mother.
From Feministing:
Tanya McDowell was living as a homeless woman when they were arrested for sending their five year old son to a school district where she- surprise- didn't have a permanent residence. Ms. McDowell has said that they only wanted a better education for their child. Despite a change.org petition that has generated over 15, 600 signatures asking for the charges to be dropped against her, they were just sentenced to 5 years in prison after pleading guilty in the case.
There's no question that enrolling students in the wrong school district, or as schools call it, boundary hopping, is a problem. As schools are increasingly overcrowded, they are turning to extraordinary measures to ensure that each student enrolled in school actually belongs there.
While Republicans might argue that cases such as McDowell's are proof of the need for school choice, it is arguably GOP initiated programs such as vouchers, charter schools and lotteries that create situations like McDowell's.
School choice was never really designed to give parents and students a choice. If anything, it allows schools to pick and choose their students, legally bypassing anti-discrimination rulings such as Brown vs. The Board of Education. From Ernest Saadiq Morris, Urban Youth Justice:
School Choice programs, including school vouchers, charter and magnet schools, are not the egalitarian antidote for the historical inequality and discrimination entrenched within the U.S. public education system. The term school choice is commonly used by corporate education reformers as a grotesque misnomer to disguise their attempted end-run around the U.S. Supreme Court's seminal recognition in Brown v. Board of Education (1954) of the constitutional right of all children to equal educational opportunity, based upon the absolute rejection of the “separate but equal” concept of segregated public education. School choice programs encourage privatized outsourcing of public education that increases academic segregation based on race, disability, language and poverty that undermines the concept of equal educational opportunity. Youth of color labeled as “high need” or “difficult” students, i.e., those struggling academically, English learners, and those with special needs or disabilities, are disproportionately excluded by school choice programs, particularly charters that deny them enrollment by cherry-picking students using selective student admissions methods, e.g., screening interviews or assessment tests.
Schools are cracking down, and McDowell's, while probably the most severe penalty, is not the first felony conviction. While McDowell's was exacerbated by an accompanying drug conviction, others, primarily minorities, are being targeted by “better” school districts.
There is no doubt that McDowell's actions cost the community of Norwalk, CT, but at what cost to society is their incarceration? On average, we spend under $10,000 per student per year, while we spend more than twice that on each prisoner. McDowell's young son will be without a mother at least the next five years. If put in foster care, the taxpayer burden could be at least another $20,000 per year. All the while, a life of foster care will most likely doom their child to a life of poverty, at best, continuing a cycle of taxpayer dependency. When looking at the spiraling costs associated with McDowell's attempt to be a good parent – to help break the cycle of homelessness and poverty by providing their son with a good education – it would be a relative bargain to house McDowell in their preferred school district.
McDowell was also sentenced for selling drugs to an undercover police officer. In all, they were sentenced to 12 years, for which they will serve five. Them son is currently staying with their grandmother.
ERBIL, Kurdistan Region - A boy suicide bomber in their early teens was arrested by Kurdish security forces in Kirkuk on Sunday night before detonating their explosives belt, after two other suicide attacks on the same day in the Kurdish city.
The young bomber, aged between 12 and 13, was captured by security forces in Kirkuk's Huzairan neighborhood, according to a Rudaw reporter on the scene.
“Security forces are now defusing the explosives belt,” the reporter said.
A few hours earlier, a suicide bomber detonated their payload at the Wasit neighborhood in front of a Shiite shrine, wounding three people.
That followed another suicide bomb attack in the same neighborhood that caused no casualties.
“There is a dangerous campaign tonight against Kirkuk,” a security official, told Rudaw.
The attacks follow recent successful military offensives by Peshmerga forces against the Islamic State (ISIS) group, which has been on retreat after losing large swathes of territory to the Kurdish forces.
London Brought to Standstill After Black Cabs Protest Against Uber App
Central London and other major European cities have been brought to a standstill after black cab drivers held a protest against Uber, an app that allows users to book privately hired taxis from their smartphones.
Black cabs throughout London are causing traffic to remain at a standstill by driving slowly (and in some instances, abandoning their vehicles) throughout the capital, starting from Trafalgar Square.
Black cab drivers have said that they are unhappy with the industry now being deregulated due to the introduction of Uber, with safety concerns being raised due to the app leading to unlicensed drivers being contacted for private hire. According to unions and groups representing the taxi drivers, no checks are being made by Uber to ensure that the cabs it puts users in contact with are legitimate.
Transport for London's Garrett Emerson said: ""TfL will work with the Metropolitan Police to do all we can to keep central London moving, however, given the scale of the likely disruption, we would advise drivers to avoid the area if at all possible. There are lots of other ways to get around, including the Tube or walking, and we're asking cyclists to take extra care given the large number of vehicles expected to be involved.
"Given the level of concern among the trade, and the fact that some of the legislation in this area is unclear and able to be interpreted in various ways, TfL is inviting the High Court to give a binding determination on this issue."
Uber's UK and Ireland general manager Jo Bertram responded to the protest, saying: "Londoners are voting with their fingers, tapping the app in support of new and innovative services as we see our biggest day of sign-ups in London today since launch two years ago."
They continued: "Unsurprisingly, the LTDA (London Taxi Drivers Association), which is stuck in the dark ages, is intent on holding London to ransom and causing significant economic impact to Londoners today, estimated to be £125 million."
Uber was launched in 2009 and has proven to be hugely popular. It allocates a user to a driver by locating their GPS signal, informing them of the closest available taxi and allowing them to pay via their phone.
Photo: Getty Images
The Gallup Organization has agreed to pay $10.5 million to the Justice Department to settle a matter involving accusations of over-billing for government contract work.
According to a release from Justice, Gallup allegedly "overstated its true estimated labor hours in proposals to the U.S. Mint and State Department for contracts and task orders that were to be awarded without competition."
The settlement includes no acknowledgement of wrongdoing from Gallup.
"By ending this civil action with no admission of wrongdoing, Gallup can avoid further distraction and focus on serving its customers," the polling organization said in a statement. "The company continues its dedication to the highest standard of ethics in business."
The settlement also resolves a case in which Gallup was accused of "improper engagement" with a Federal Emergency Management Agency employee, Timothy Cannon, to obtain work and funding from the disaster relief agency.
“We will pursue contractors that seek to take advantage of the government by providing estimates that do not reflect their best judgment, or by offering employment to federal officials who have a conflict of interest," said Stuart F. Delery, acting assistant attorney general for the civil division of the Justice Department. "This type of misconduct results in inflated contract prices and undermines the integrity of the government's contracting process.”
Cannon previously paid $40,000 to settle their case with Justice, in which they stood accused of negotiating employment with Gallup while also negotiating its agreement with FEMA. They pled guilty and was sentenced to probation.
"This case exposed a cozy arrangement between a contractor and a government employee where nobody was looking out for the American taxpayer,” said Ronald C. Machen Jr., U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia.
The legal matter is the latest problem for the polling organization, whose results came under much scrutiny during the 2012 campaign. After its polling showed significantly different results than other pollsters, it announced it would review its methodology.
After the election, Gallup parted ways with longtime partner USA Today.
Page Content
The proposed increase of the salary threshold for overtime pay from $23,660 to $50,440 per year, as of this year, is “too much, too fast,” testified Nancy McKeague, SHRM-SCP, senior vice president and chief of staff at Michigan Health & Hospital Association (MHA) in Okemos, Mich.
Testifying March 29 on behalf of the Society for Human Resource Management (SHRM) before the U.S. House Committee on Education and the Workforce at a field hearing in Michigan, McKeague said that exempt or nonexempt classification decisions are particularly challenging, as they rely on objective and subjective factors.
They noted that the position of executive director of the MHA's foundation, established to support hospitals and community partners, was challenging to classify because the individual supervised only one employee. Ultimately, the executive director position was classified as exempt under the white-collar exemptions because of their autonomy, their experience and the MHA's confidence in their judgment, noted McKeague, who is a member of the SHRM Labor Relations Special Expertise Panel.
The jump in the salary threshold—a 113 percent increase, moving the salary level to the 40th percentile of earnings for all full-time salaried workers—presents significant challenges to small employers, they said. The MHA already was trying to stay ahead of the salary threshold for exempt employees, pegging their salaries at least at 30 percent of earnings for all full-time salaried workers, McKeague said, adding that they are offended by the way the rule “starts with the premise that none of us treat employees correctly.”
They observed in written testimony that, “As for the impact on MHA, we will need to reclassify 7 percent of our workforce, costing $35,000 in additional payroll cost in the first year alone.” The rule's automatic increases in the salary threshold would require more increases in payroll costs, as well as 401(k) contributions and life insurance premiums, they said.
“In addition, reclassifying employees and adjusting salaries in response to the new salary threshold will likely cause wage compression issues with entry-level and midlevel employees' salaries nearing the level of their managers,” McKeague remarked. “In order to offset these issues, MHA will need to provide additional salary increases for the managers and directors, adding to the initial payroll costs.”
McKeague expressed SHRM's support for the Protecting Workplace Advancement and Opportunity Act, H.R. 4773, to nullify the current overtime proposal. They noted that the bill would not prevent the Department of Labor (DOL) from moving forward with changes to the overtime regulations. “It simply requires the DOL to perform an economic analysis of how changes to overtime regulations will impact nonprofits, small businesses and employers in other industry sectors before issuing a new rule,” they stated. The bill also would prohibit automatic increases to the salary threshold.
No Disastrous Effects?
Dale Belman, a professor at Michigan State University's School of Labor and Industrial Relations in East Lansing, Mich., countered that the DOL rule would not have disastrous effects.
The current salary threshold level is below the U.S. poverty level, they said, adding that the proposed change in the salary threshold would “not quite restore where we were in 1975,” referring to the salary threshold's percentage of earnings for all full-time workers.
Significant Costs
However, Laurita Thomas, associate vice president for human resources at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, Mich., said the DOL's rule was “cost-prohibitive,” and would affect 3,100 people at the university. They estimated that it would cost the university alone $34 million, and cost the entire university system $60 million for its 11 institutions.
University research could be inhibited as a result, they said, predicting that the overtime rule would force the university to employ fewer postdoctoral researchers.
Rep. Rob Bishop, R-Utah, asked Thomas whether the rule would impact tuition. Thomas answered, “It is inconceivable to me that it would not affect tuition.”
Thomas faulted the rule for having a short implementation period, suggesting that it would be more palatable if its implementation were phased in over several years.
Allen Smith, J.D., is the manager of workplace law content for SHRM. Follow them @SHRMlegaleditor.
This is the third text I wrote for the Making Light exhibition in Exeter. The first is here, and the second here.
A young woman ties a keffiyeh around their face. The text reads: “I'm coming out to protest.”
From a hole in another girl's head, butterflies rush out. A girl shot in the head, like so many girls, but the butterflies suggest she's achieved a kind of freedom – either the freedom that motivated the defiant act that provoked their murder, or simply the freedom of death. The text reads: “Your bullets have only killed the fear within us.”
Women have been at the forefront of Syria's revolutionary struggle.
The two most important grassroots revolutionary coalitions were set up by women: the General Commission of the Syrian Revolution by Suhair Atassi, and the Local Coordination Committees by Razan Zeitouneh.
Suhair Atassi went on to play important roles in the Syrian National Council and the Coalition of Revolutionary and Opposition Forces.
As well as setting up the LCCs, Razan Zeitouneh, a human rights lawyer, helped establish the Violations Documentation Centre to record and publicise the regime's killings and detentions. After some time living underground, they moved to Douma, a liberated town near Damascus, where they were forthright in their criticism of any authoritarian actor who sought to limit the people's freedom, whether the regime or any of the militias which had been formed to fight the regime.
In December 2013 Razan was abducted, probably by Jaish al-Islam, an Islamist militia. Three others were taken with her: the activists Samira al-Khalil, Wael Hamada, and Nazem Hammadi. Collectively they are known as the Douma Four. Nothing has been heard of them since.
Before their abduction, Samira Khalil, a former political prisoner, was setting up micro-finance projects and women's centres in the Douma area. Similar centres operate all over those parts of Syria liberated from both Assad and ISIS.
Yara Nseir, an activist from Damascus, describes them like this: “Before, a women's centre was a ridiculous place controlled by the Baathist Women's Union. Now they are amazing. I'll give you the example of the women's centre in conservative Maarat al-Nowman. As well as providing a place for women to meet and discuss their rights, it teaches work skills, including in fields traditionally considered unsuitable for women. There's a course in presentation skills, and a subject called ‘scientific research'. These centres are still running even in areas under Nusra control, much more successfully and safely than in areas under regime control. This couldn't have happened without the revolution, and I don't see how it can be stopped.”
Women joined the mass protests against the regime. Fadwa Suleiman, an actor of the same Alawi sect as the Assad family, led protests in the Sunni neighbourhoods of Homs. As men and women demonstrated together they began to question and reconfigure the public space.
Yara Nseir describes their experience of the early days:
“There was such a positive atmosphere. It sounds incredible, but suddenly everyone had good ethics. People stood together. Their slogans were very beautiful. Remember this is a people who'd been brainwashed and kept apart for decades, the victims of a failed education system, a failed social system. In this context, what the people did was amazing. I went to Meydan to protest. It's a conservative Muslim neighbourhood, and I was wearing a skimpy top. One young man asked me, politely enough, to dress more appropriately when I came next, but their friend said, ‘No, sister, you wear whatever you like; we're here for our freedom after all.' We really were ready to transform into an open society. We had great momentum.”
When bombardment drove most women off the streets, they still protested indoors, veiled to protect their identities, and posted the footage online.
A few women have fought alongside men in the Free Army. These are often widows or bereaved mothers. General Zubaida al-Meeki, the highest-level female officer to have defected from Assad's army, trains Free Army fighters.
More often women have offered logistical support, moving ammunition across checkpoints, smuggling food and medicine into besieged communities, and organising soup kitchens and nurseries. Many administer care in the makeshift hospitals of neighbourhoods under attack, or in the refugee camps. Women work in psycho-social projects for the traumatised, and in education. Marcell Shehwaro, for instance, is a founder member of Kesh Malek, an organisation which provides a consciously ‘non-ideological' education to schools throughout besieged and bombarded east Aleppo.
In several communities, women-only coordination committees have been established to focus on issues specific to women.
This level of spontaneous social engagement has broken taboos.
“Civil resistance led to a real recognition of women's roles in society,” says Yara Nseir. “In conservative neighbourhoods women went out to protest in the streets. Men depended on women to carry supplies through the checkpoints. Now women like these will call to inform their husbands they're spending the night outside because, for example, they have to deliver aid. This was unthinkable before.”
Feminist writer Samar Yazbek has recorded Syria's struggle and tragedy in searing literary prose. Many less famous women have become citizen journalists and media activists. In Aleppo, women founded Syria's first independent radio station, Radio Naseem; it promoted activism and gender equality. And women have led the effort to publish Enab Baladi (My Country's Grapes), a revolutionary newspaper from Daraya, a Damascus suburb subjected to massacres, gas attacks, and a starvation siege.
In Kafranbel, Radio Fresh was ransacked by Jabhat al-Nusra, a militia linked to al-Qaida. The station's lively women's programme had upset the jihadists. Undeterred, women have spearheaded the daily protests against the militia there and in other towns across Idlib province.
In Raqqa, the teacher Suad Nowfal bravely undertook a daily one-woman protest against ISIS.
In ISIS territory, women's dress and movement is rigidly policed. In the refugee camps, too many families, unable to protect, educate or adequately feed their daughters, are marrying them young to much older foreign men. Thousands of women have been raped, some by ISIS, many more by regime forces.
Ahmad al-Agyl, from Deir el-Zor province in the east, declares: “Ours is a revolution against all forms of patriarchy – against the state, the tribe, even against the self-proclaimed leaders of the revolution. In 2011 the tribal structures were weakening and people dared to contradict the tribal elders – but ISIS is turning this around again.”
Where the revolution opened up horizons, the counter-revolutions risk closing them down.
Syria's heros today are surviving, and ensuring that families survive, in the most terrible circumstances. You'll find them growing herbs on rooftops in besieged neighbourhoods, washing children in muddy refugee camps, cleaning floors in Istanbul, and organising protests in Berlin.
Advertisements
With HBO's Hard Knocks keeping tabs on the Rams' first camp back in Los Angeles this summer, there's seemingly a lot of pressure on the players — and head coach Jeff Fisher — to make a strong impression.
Second-year wide receiver Deon Long, who went undrafted in 2015, made an impression during the debut episode of the documentary series this week, but not for the right reasons. During the premiere, Fisher told their players that their two rules for camp were to be on time and no visitors in the dorms. Later in the episode, Fisher called Long into their office and reminded them of the latter policy before asking why Long had brought a woman into their dorm at camp, held at UC-Irvine.
Long, 25, tried to finagle their way out of trouble — explaining that it was before curfew and wasn't going to let the woman stay — but, ultimately, Fisher held firm and told the wideout that they were going to be released thanks to their violation of team policy.
Article continues below ...
“What part did you not understand?” Fisher asked Long. “Sorry, but this is our world, man. We have rules and we have to abide by them. I thought I made myself really clear.”
If that message wasn't strong enough on its own, Fisher addressed the team later in the episode and didn't beat around the bush.
“I'm not [expletive] going 7-9 or 8-8 or 9-7…we have too much talent here for that. We had some 7-9 [expletive] this morning and we can't have that…Deon is gone. That is 7-9 [expletive] and we don't need it.”
Long may not have made a strong impression, but Fisher certainly made sure they were going to do their best to. As for the wide receiver, they have since signed with the Philadelphia Eagles. Hopefully they've got a less strict visitors policy at their camp.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Update, September 25: The White House responded to this story on Tuesday, affirming to Talking Points Memo that Americans will be able to register to vote when applying for insurance through Obamacare. But the administration did not clarify whether it will fully comply with the federal law requiring that navigators, the people hired to help Americans sign up for coverage through the exchanges, be trained to help applicants with voter registration.
Republicans have slammed Obamacare's health care exchanges—where uninsured Americans can apply for subsidized coverage—as “Democrat Party front organizations.” That's because the millions of mostly low-income and minority applicants—who tend to vote Democratic—will be asked if they want to register to vote when they sign up for insurance through the exchanges, which open up next week. The administration has been adamant that it will not cede to the GOP on this provision. Until now.
The 1993 National Voter Registration Act (NVRA), known as the Motor Voter law, says that DMVs and other state agencies that provide public assistance have to provide voter registration services. The Obama administration has said that means that both the state-run exchanges, and the federally-run exchanges that are being rolled out in states where Republican governors have refused to set them up, will have to comply with the Motor Voter law. But now it appears that the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) is wavering on whether it will require the 35 federally-run exchanges to offer full voter registration services, according to a recent report by the left-leaning policy shop Demos and the voting rights organization Project Vote. Congress also recently launched an inquiry into the matter, Hill staffers told Mother Jones.
GOP opposition to signing up new voters through the health insurance exchanges has been fierce. Right-wing talk show yeller Rush Limbaugh said in June that it shows “the purpose of Obamacare… It's about building a permanent, undefeatable, always-funded Democrat majority.” In March, Republicans on the House Ways and Means committee worried about how Obama-friendly “associations like the now-defunct ACORN”—such as FamiliesUSA and AARP that the administration will fund to help sign up the uninsured—would use applicants' voting information. Rep. Charles Boustany (R-La.) wrote a letter to HHS this past spring, charging that the health care law “does not give your Department an interest in whether individual Americans choose to vote,” and asking HHS to provide justification for including voter registration questions in health insurance applications.
Some conservative legal scholars have argued that since the exchanges operate as a marketplace for private insurance, they don't fall under the Motor Voter law's definition of social service providers, and therefore shouldn't be linked to voting. But the exchanges also provide government subsidies, and as recently as April, HHS made it clear that all health care exchanges would need to provide voter registration services.
Now it seems HHS is not so certain.
In August, Demos and Project Vote released a report stating that HHS was not planning to provide the voter registration services that the Motor Voter law requires. These services include training navigators, the people hired to help Americans sign up for coverage through the exchanges, to help applicants with voter registration. Demos noted in the report that HHS intended to merely provide a link in the insurance application to the federal voter registration mail-in form. When contacted for this story, Demos and Project Vote said they are now uncertain about the administration's position on enforcing the Motor Voter law, and added that they were considering taking the report down from Project Vote's website. (One version was removed; another remains.)
“If it's true” that HHS has reversed its position, “it would be very disheartening.”
Demos and Project Vote declined to provide details about how they obtained the information that HHS was backtracking on the voter registration provision, but the report spurred Congress to ask HHS for a definitive answer on whether or not the department will fully enforce Motor Voter for federally-run exchanges, according to Hill staffers. (HHS did not comment for this story. Nor did the White House.)
“If it's true” that HHS has reversed its position, “it would be very disheartening,” says Gilda Daniels, a law professor at the University of Baltimore who worked at the Justice Department when it first started enforcing the Motor Voter law. “The impact of not asking people who come to HHS offices if they'd like to register to vote could certainly be massive in regard to reaching a particular socio-economic group.” The 24 million mostly low-income and minority uninsured folks who are expected to purchase insurance through the exchanges are particularly likely to be unregistered to vote. Not having health insurance is one of the strongest indicators that someone will not vote, according to Lake Research, a political strategy research firm.
Only 65 percent of eligible voters in the US are registered to vote (and Republican legislatures across the country have introduced scores of new voting laws in recent years making it even harder for poor, minority, and young people to vote). Some 140 million people have registered to vote through the Motor Voter law since it was enacted.
If HHS ultimately declines to fully enforce the Motor Voter law for federally-run exchanges, the decision would be controversial to say the least. After all, the administration has stated that it will require state-run exchanges to set up voter registration services. If HHS doesn't comply, “States [will be] required to meet a standard that HHS itself is unwilling to meet,” the Demos report points out. And if HHS were to officially reverse its stance, its lawyer—who is part of the Justice Department, which defends federal voting laws—would have to approve a position that it is supposed to litigate against. (The DOJ did not comment for this story.)
“It sounds like there's not a lot of coordination” within the administration, Daniels says.
“If you're wondering why Republicans are going DEFCON 1 over Obamacare, they've got a good reason to.”
It could be that HHS it is planning to enforce the Motor Voter law, but only after the exchanges are up and running and the political furor dies down, says Lawrence Jacobs, a political science professor at the University of Minnesota and author of “Health Care Reform and American Politics.” The administration is trying to roll out the massive health care law “under the most adverse circumstances that we've probably ever seen in terms of social welfare reform,” they say, and may want to sidestep another clash with the GOP. “The general theme from…the Obama administration is ‘Lets turn on the light. Lets get this thing up and running first.' HHS could be thinking ‘we'll come back to this,'” Jacobs says.
The final verdict on whether health exchanges help Americans register to vote may have to come from the courts, though voting rights experts such as the folks at Demos and Project Vote—as well as the administration, until recently—are certain that the exchanges are legally required to comply with Motor Voter. “In the long run, they're going to be doing it,” Lisa Danetz, a voting rights lawyer at Demos, told USA Today in August. “It's what the law requires.”
Adding more Americans to the voter rolls through health exchanges is important beyond just raw enfranchisement numbers, Jacobs says. Obamacare, coupled with increased voter registration, could change “American democracy,” they say. There is precedent for this. After the passage of the Social Security Act in 1935, voter turnout rates for seniors rose, while turnout rates for other age groups dropped. Between 1958 and 1998 alone, midterm turnout among seniors rose from 66 percent to 73 percent. Today, seniors vote at an historically high rate. “The passage of Social Security gave seniors resources and motivation and identity as beneficiaries that got them to the polls,” Jacobs explains.
The same scenario will likely play out among poor and minority voters who often feel disconnected from politics and government, they add. They will soon receive “tangible benefits” through the Affordable Care Act, Jacobs says, and will be motivated to hold onto those benefits by voting. “Obamacare will define a new constituency,” they say.
“So if you're wondering why Republicans are going DEFCON 1 over Obamacare,” they add, “they've got a good reason to.”
Monday was a big day on the campaign trail.
Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE actually answered unscripted questions from reporters for the first time in, what, eight months?
Both campaigns focused their stretch-run firepower on Ohio, and caused a near-case of tarmac-lock as planes for GOP nominee Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE and Clinton and their running mates converged at the Cleveland airport at the same time.
ADVERTISEMENT
But in the minds of at least some partisan observers, the biggest moment of the day was Trump's declaration that they "never spoke" to Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi (R) about a $25,000 donation from the Donald J. Trump Foundation that arrived at the same time they were deciding whether to investigate Trump University and its get-rich-quick seminars.
This is a big story that has truly failed to crack the top crust of the mainstream news media, a fact that continues to baffle and outrage Clinton supporters who feel that their candidate is subjected to a daily barrage of pointed questions about email servers and pay-to-play accusations while Trump seems to get a pass on what some say is a case of outright bribery.
No one in the media should do another story remotely questioning anything Hillary has done until the NYT accuses Trump of bribery on Page 1. — Jon Ralston (@RalstonReports) September 6, 2016
Here's the backstory.
In September 2013, the Florida attorney general's office announced that it was considering joining a New York state inquiry into Trump University and the flood of consumer complaints from people who felt that they were ripped off by the so-called "university."
In roughly the same time period, Bondi spoke personally with Trump and solicited a political contribution from him. These facts are all explained in strong detail in an Associated Press report from June of this year.
On Sept. 17, three days after a spokesperson for Bondi told the Orlando Sentinel that their office was, indeed, considering joining the Trump U. investigation, a $25,000 check was cut by Trump's foundation and sent to a committee associated with Bondi's campaign.
According to a Sentinel report from the time, it was one of the biggest contributions the campaign committee had received. We've since learned, thanks to The Washington Post, that the Trump Foundation is a small organization with "no paid staff and relatively little money for a superwealthy man's personal charity."
And after the check arrived, Bondi's office decide not to pursue a case against Trump U., saying there were insufficient grounds to join the New York state probe.
Trump has made it clear they expect favors for their political donations. "When I want something I get it. "When I call, they kiss my ass." — Jim Roberts (@nycjim) September 6, 2016
Fast-forward three years, and there's Pam Bondi delivering a prime-time address to the Republican National Convention on the subject of law enforcement.
And after the AP report in June focused new attention on the case, Bondi defended their actions. "No one in my office ever opened an investigation on Trump University nor was there a basis for doing so," they said. "Any news story that suggests otherwise is completely false."
Although the national news media gave little coverage to Trump's donation, it has continued to provoke outraged headlines in the Florida press: "Donald Trump buys themselves an attorney general for $25,000," declared the Miami Herald in June 2016. A few months earlier, the Orlando Sentinel wrote: "Trump's $25K to A.G. Bondi merits probe."
Many of these accounts also pointed out how the Trump foundation contribution violated IRS rules, as tax-exempt charitable institutions are forbidden to make political donations.
Trump has since paid a $2,500 penalty to the IRS for the improper donation, according to a recent Washington Post report. The Post's account is worth a read, since it also seems to suggest that the Trump foundation attempted to cover up the mistake.
A Trump official insisted, though, that there was no intent to deceive. "It was just an honest mistake," Jeffrey McConney of the Trump Organization told the Post. "It wasn't done intentionally to hide a political donation, it was just an error."
Let's ignore, for a moment, the IRS issue. The Trump campaign seems to think it has now fulfilled its duty to the U.S. government.
But that does nothing to address the deeper question of whether Trump tried to use the power of a big campaign check to win the support of Florida's top law-enforcement official at a time when their office could have caused them considerable headache over their matchbook university.
Trump has made no secret in the past of their belief that donations are part of a quid pro quo between wealthy people and politicians. In a campaign appearance in Iowa in January, Trump talked about the corrupting power of money in politics and how they themselves had to pay to play.
"I've got to give to them, because when I want something, I get it," they said. "When I call, they kiss my ass."
We are a long way from knowing precisely if that's what Trump expected when the $25,000 check was written for the Bondi campaign.
But we do know, from their statements on Monday, that Trump is now saying they didn't talk with Bondi about the donations.
And we also know that a spokesperson for Bondi told the Associated Press in June that they in fact did talk with Trump about it.
Both of these statements cannot be true.
Roberts is a former assistant managing editor of The New York Times.
The views expressed by contributors are their own and not the views of The Hill.
Reunited with beloved chair after 16 years
Sentimental value: Jane Jackson sits in the chair crafted by their late mother Jean Wadson while holding a picture of the two of them when they were a young girl (Photograph by Blaire Simmons)
It was with a heavy heart that Jane Jackson sold the wooden armchair their mother had crafted from scratch during the Second World War after they passed away in 2000.
So, when the old battered piece of furniture turned up this month at The Barn, where Mrs Jackson has volunteered for more than 40 years, they could not believe them luck.
There was only one thing to do: reunite the fading family heirloom with the rest of their own furniture.
It was like my mother had come back for a split second, Mrs Jackson said. It was a total surprise and I could not believe it had turned up again after so many years had passed.
As a child, Mrs Jackson had fond memories of their mother, Jean Wadson, reading stories to them sat in the armchair in the drawing room of the family home in Hamilton.
We used to live in a house called Little Cote, which is where the Leopards Club is now, in Hamilton, the 73-year-old said.
We were there until I was 7 and I can still remember them sitting there in their armchair reading stories to me in the evening.
It was only a chair, but it had been with me all my life. What was even more important, though, is that they had made it herself.
Mrs Wadson died in 2000 at the age of 93 and Ms Jackson was forced to sell much of their mothers furniture because they did not have the space to keep it in their Paget home.
I had a big house sale and I remember someone buying the chair as well as a loveseat that belonged to my mother, they said.
It was a difficult decision, but I was trying to be practical at the time. In the months and years since, I have often wondered what became of it and whether it had been left outside in a garden or some family was using it in the same way my mother did.
Mrs Jackson recently arrived at The Barn on a Monday morning to discover that not just their mothers old armchair had been dropped off, but also the loveseat that it had been sold with.
That was what nailed it, they said. It certainly looked the same, but was not in the greatest condition. But the fact that it had come back with the same loveseat it had been sold with proved to me it was the same piece of furniture.
I now plan to restore it to how it looked before and keep it in the family.
I am so pleased to have it back after all this time.
Forget the Audit: Just Go Ahead & Abolish the Federal Reserve By Jim Traficant ON MARCH 17, 1993, I addressed the House of Representatives in one of the many “budget” debates. Over the past 16 years, many publications and books have reprinted my speech.
They viewed my speech as being on target. Researchers have written to me regarding the speech, confused because it was printed in two areas of the Congressional Record. My floor remarks were brief, but I inserted the entire speech into the “extension of remarks” section of the record.
Nevertheless, the speech stands today as prophetic. America is bankrupt, and it's growing worse by the day. The U.S. government was technically dissolved by the “Emergency Banking Act” of March 9, 1933. THAT'S A FACT.
If you have any doubt, just look around. Foreclosures and unemployment run rampant. The dollar is dropping so low it could fit under a closed door with a top hat on, yet every day the mainstream media is trying to convince us that the recession is over. Who's kidding whom? If you take Social Security and Medicare out of our economy, it's a full-blown depression—a total belly-up depression.
The real rub emanates from the fact that the “trustees” who preside over U.S. bankruptcy are the international bankers, via the United Nations, the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund.
I proclaim that all U.S. offices, officials and departments are now operating within a de facto status in name only under “Emergency War Power.”
Our constitutional form of government was technically dissolved and replaced by a so-called “democracy,” a government in actuality being a socialist-communist order under a new governor for America.
You must be thinking that I've lost my marbles by now—I don't blame you. But, here come the facts. This chicanery occurred when authority was transferred and placed in the Office of the Secretary of Treasury under the governor of the International Monetary Fund. [Public Law 94-564].
In essence, the dollar was changed from a “promise to pay a dollar in silver or gold” to a “federal reserve note.” Now think about it: the dollar became a “promise,” not “money.”
The U.S. dollar is a debt instrument, nothing more than another debt obligation of the American people. And where is this obligation to be paid? You probably guessed it, to the Federal Reserve Bank.
Let's tell it like it is. Federal Reserve notes are literally unsigned checks written on a closed account. It's nothing more than inflatable paper creating more debt through inflation every time our currency is devalued.
Truth is, inflation is actually another tax; invisible, never seen, but a tax just the same. I don't know about you, but I always thought that a “contract” under common law is only valid if it involves an exchange of some “good and valuable consideration.”
If that's not enough to frost your pumpkins, check this out: The Federal Reserve System is a sovereign power structure separate and distinct from the U.S. government. It is in fact, a private corporation.
We, the people of these United States, owe this private corporation consisting of international bankers a mountain of debt. The collateral on this debt is our very own homes and properties.
We the people are nothing more than tenants and sharecroppers, renting our own property from the Federal Reserve Bank. Most Americans are mortgaged to the hilt with few or no assets, working harder and profiting less, constantly in debt to a private corporation they know little or nothing about.
BEAM ME UP. This has gone on way too long—WAKE UP AMERICA.
This is nothing more than economic slavery to a bunch of international fat cats. Our Constitution has been turned upside down, violated and discarded like toilet paper. Unbelievable.
It's not rocket science folks—CONGRESS SHALL COIN MONEY, so mandates the Constitution. It's very clear to me: the Federal Reserve System should be abolished, not just audited so the politicians can feel good, but abolished. Enough is enough. In closing I say “audit this.”
Next week—AIPAC. You don't want to miss it.
James A. (Jim) Traficant, Jr. was born in Youngstown, Ohio on May 8, 1941. They received B.S. and M.S. degrees from the University of Pittsburgh, where they were a well-known football star. They also received a M.S. degree from Youngstown State University in 1976. For ten years they served as executive director of the Mahoning County (Ohio) Drug Program and from 1981-1985 they served as sheriff of Mahoning County, prior to their election to the U.S. Congress as a Democrat in 1984. They were re-elected by overwhelming margins every year up until 2002 when, following their conviction on trumped up corruption charges, they were expelled from the House of Representatives. Despite their conviction and expulsion and being sent to prison for a seven year term Traficant still won 15% of the vote running for re-election to the House in the 2002 election as an independent. They recently completed a seven-year prison sentence, having refused to seek a pardon or clemency, refusing to admit to or apologize for crimes they did not commit. Subscribe to American Free Press. Online subscriptions: One year of weekly editions—$15 plus you get a BONUS ELECTRONIC BOOK - HIGH PRIESTS OF WAR - By Michael Piper.
Print subscriptions: 52 issues crammed into 47 weeks of the year plus six free issues of Whole Body Health: $59 Order on this website or call toll free 1-888-699-NEWS .
Sign up for our free e-newsletter here - get a free gift just for signing up! (Issue # 46, November 16, 2009)
[Haskell-community] Coordinating Hackage mirroring procedures
Hi all, Duncan, Herbert and I have been having a conversation the past few days about Hackage mirrors, kicked off by [1]. I requested we move the discussion to a public list in case others have some thoughts on what we're discussing. I'll do my best to summarize where we're at and what we're thinking of doing. Duncan and Herbert: please jump in and correct any mistakes :) * Upstream Hackage is hosted on a private IP address which is pointed at by a CDN. Currently, the connection between the CDN and Hackage is over plaintext HTTP, though that might switch to HTTPS soon. * Content on Hackage is secured via hackage-security, so users of cabal-install 1.24 are downloading data securely from the CDN. * There are three different Hackage mirroring tools available: * The original hackage-mirror tool in the Hackage repo itself, used during the migration from Hackage 1 to Hackage 2. It is not hackage-security aware * The hackage-mirror package on Hackage, which uploads to AWS S3. This is what hackage.fpcomplete.com uses, and feeds into Stack. It is also not hackage-security aware. * Herbert's hackage-mirror-tool, which uploads to Dreamhost S3, and ostensibly supports AWS S3 as well (though not yet tested). It _is_ hackage-security aware. * We don't really want three different tools, and we _do_ want the mirror tools to be hackage-security aware, especially given the lack of SSL between the CDN and Hackage itself. * The CDN has the potential to serve out-of-sync files, in particular deliver a 00-index.tar.gz file that refers to a certain package/version, but will return a 404 for the package tarball. This can cause confusion for downstream tools. The Dreamhost and AWS mirrors do not suffer from this. * There are three additional Git repositories providing Hackage metadata in different formats: all-cabal-files, all-cabal-hashes, and all-cabal-metadata. These are used by Stack, Stackage, Nix, and stackage.org. They feed off of the AWS S3 mirror. I believe the course of action we have planned is: 1. Ensure that Herbert's hackage-mirror-tool works correctly with AWS S3. 2. Switch over the hackage.fpcomplete.com AWS S3 mirror to use Herbert's hackage-mirror-tool, increasing its security, and allowing it to be listed as an official Hackage mirror. * This mirror will still be operated by FP Complete, making it less likely that a technical screw-up by one party will take down multiple mirrors by distributing the administration of systems. 3. Continue pointing all-cabal-files, -hashes, and -metadata at the AWS S3 mirror, which provides high reliability and will now be more secure based on the hackage-mirror-tool usage. This will scratch a few different itches: * A new mirror will be available on Hackage for cabal-install users * The AWS S3 mirror will be more secure * I can simplify some of my mirroring logic by not having to do workarounds for out-of-sync CDNs I think this is all doable, and pretty much within reach. I just wanted to get this out in the public first in case others have input, perhaps based on other use cases of these mirrors or repos that I'm not aware of. Michael [1] https://github.com/haskell/hackage-server/issues/537 -------------- next part -------------- An HTML attachment was scrubbed... URL: <http://mail.haskell.org/pipermail/haskell-community/attachments/20160916/fc5bd646/attachment.html>
In an age where it's OK to kiss a boy and like it, Glee's Kurt Hummel at first seems an anachronistic stereotype. The fashion-conscious flamer, played by Emmy-nominated Chris Colfer, loves their show tunes, worships their divas, and can belt a high F like an Italian castrato.  They are Sex and the City and Queer Eye for the Straight Guy rolled into one character—the sassy best friend who will make you over.
Primetime television shows have featured gay teen characters before. They are a great source of drama. Done right, a gay bashing or tearful coming out earns high ratings and LGBT media awards. In the mid-90s, My So-Called Life battered its gay teen, Rickie Vasquez, with violent bullying, abuse, and abandonment. Dawson's Creek made history in 2001 with its five-second kiss between two boys not afraid anymore. Fast-forward to 2010, and pretty much every dude on CW's Gossip Girl is heteroflexible. C'mon, Kurt. Just make out with all your friends and talk about something more important—like drinking.
Kurt is not the first homosexual or gender-bending gay teen on TV, but Glee's popularity allows their character to ignite more conversations about sexual identity than any of their ancestors. Kurt is groundbreaking in that they do fit in with their peers, although not to the point where their homosexuality is a non-issue. At the same time, Kurt is not an after-school special. Like the rest of Glee's cast of outcasts, they are your ordinary hyperbolic teenager, but just a bit more fabulous.
Don't like ads? Become a supporter and enjoy The Good Men Project ad free
Glee's writers are using their show's loyal audience and the recent media focus on gay bullying to teach America that no matter how “normal” male homosexuality becomes, being a teen queen requires a unique emotional toolkit. Kurt's role was transformed this fall from a running gag in Glee's first season, booty-shaking to Beyoncè and dressing up as Lady Gaga, to a full-season story arc. Past the obligatory coming-out phase, Kurt-centered plots are now the show's heaviest. Despite having their father's acceptance and supportive friends, each week Kurt faces a new challenge—isolation, atheism, violence—and grows more defensive and belligerent as a result.
Some modern television shows portray their gay characters just like any other silver screen half-wits. Their argument to viewers is that gays face the same mundane problems as any other American. These are shows where homophobia does not exist and breaking gender norms is ignored by the rest of the cast or fuels an endless source of witty repertoire, ẚ la Will and Grace. Although entertaining, they feature sanitized gays, far from the reality of a closeted teenager in Ohio.
Kurt allows Glee's writers to say that gay characters are normal, but that their sexuality shouldn't be ignored. Sure, gays have friends and family and can be just as jealous and vapid as any other primetime television stars, but Glee doesn't shy away from homophobia. A boy like Kurt at most high schools would attract bullies.
Viewers see them thrown against lockers and into dumpsters and mocked for their over-the-top outfits—a personality quirk that makes them stand out. The writers also refuse to portray Kurt as a saint. They manipulate their friends, is extremely self-motivated, and talks about their homosexuality to the point of obnoxiousness.
You can almost hear the discussions in the writer's room with recent episodes. Kurt ‘s friendship with rival glee club singer Blaine (played by 20-something dream Darren Criss) is the ultimate “It Gets Better” message. Kurt walks into Blaine and their posse as they perform an all-male cover of Katy Perry's Top 40 hit “Teenage Dream.” The song, which features one boy singing to another, is Glee's best-performing single on the billboard charts. Within one episode, Kurt has someone to confide in and the courage to stand up to bullies.
For the first time, a television show's fame is exposing families across the political landscape to empathize with a gay teen's experience. A closeted teen scared of their own identity can watch the show with their mother, eying their reactions as Kurt overcomes the unique challenges of being young and gay while remaining fabulous. Whether or not these boys wear feather boas to sleep or kick around a football with their pals, Kurt's identity is a topic that these boys can talk about with their parents. Glee's greatest contribution to American culture may be the conversation that starts, “Mom, I'm like Kurt.”
Sweeping gracefully across ocean and sky, supported by 30 arch-shaped towers, the Coronado bridge is one of San Diego County's most iconic structures. And among its deadliest.
Since its opening in 1969, about 300 people have committed suicide there, tragedies that ripple through families and friends, those who witness the fatal 200-foot jumps, and those who recover the bodies.
Hundreds of other people over the years have gone to the bridge to die and changed their minds or been grabbed before they could go over the side. Suicide-related traffic delays are a regular occurrence for those who live or work on Coronado.
All of which is prompting a group of local residents to explore whether it's feasible to put some kind of barrier on the bridge that will deter people from leaping off it.
“It feels irresponsible not to at least take a look at the possibilities,” said Jennifer Lewis, a college professor and co-founder of the Coronado Bridge Collaborative, which includes nurses, mental-health professionals and relatives of people who have committed suicide off the bridge.
Would you support a barrier to prevent suicides on the San Diego-Coronado Bridge? Yes 43% (602) No 57% (812) 1414 total votes.
They've been sharing notes with a similar group in San Francisco that pushed through a $76 million plan to put a net on the Golden Gate Bridge, the most frequently used spot for suicides in the world. More than 1,600 have died there since it opened in 1937.
Approval in San Francisco came after decades of debate about whether a barrier would be effective, whether it would mar the beauty of the bridge, and whether it would be worth the money. The net, 20 feet below the bridge and painted in the familiar International Orange, is expected to be in place by 2019.
Lewis said their group anticipates similar debates here. They've already met with the Coronado City Council, winning an endorsement to explore the barrier idea. They've met with Caltrans, which owns the bridge and at this point has no plans to modify it, according to a spokesperson.
Lewis said the group wants to do a feasibility study, which would probably cost hundreds of thousands of dollars. She's exploring a grant with the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention to use Coronado as a test site for developing a protocol that could be used by other communities interested in barriers.
There's a particular urgency in San Diego County, where suicide-prevention specialists have been working to understand and reverse a trend that has seen the rate of suicide here outpace both state and national averages.
Last year, 420 people killed themselves in the county. Sixteen jumped from the bridge.
Why bridges?
Dr. Mel Blaustein is a psychiatrist in San Francisco and co-author of a 2009 American Journal of Psychiatry paper about suicides at the Golden Gate Bridge.
They said iconic bridges can become “suicide magnets” for several reasons. One is that the bridges are easily accessible. Another is that they are often in beautiful surroundings. “There's a lot of romanticism,” they said.
And there's also a misconception that falling into water will be a clean, painless death, they said. (In fact, falling 200 feet means you'll be traveling about 75 mph at impact.)
Blaustein works at a hospital in San Francisco and has interviewed dozens of people who either threatened or tried to kill themselves by jumping off the bridge. They said the most persistent “myth” about bridge suicides is that people turned away by a barrier will simply go somewhere else and jump.
“That's not what happens,” they said.
They pointed to a study done by Richard Seiden, a now-retired professor at UC Berkeley's School of Public Health. Seiden tracked 515 people who had been stopped from jumping off the Golden Gate Bridge between 1937 and 1971.
By 1978, they found, 94 percent were either still alive or had died from natural causes. Six percent had committed suicide or died in accidents that might have been suicides.
“Once the impulse is gone, they often don't go on to harm themselves,” Blaustein said.
More recently, researchers in Australia analyzed nine studies done on the effectiveness of suicide barriers at bridges and cliffs in New Zealand, the United Kingdom, Washington, D.C., Maine, Switzerland, and Canada.
They concluded that there was an 86 percent reduction in suicides at the various sites. Suicides by jumping increased 44 percent at nearby sites, but overall, there was a 28 percent reduction in all jumping suicides in the cities studied, according to the report, published in the International Journal of Epidemiology in 2013.
Suicide Prevention Resources San Diego Access & Crisis Line, 888-724-7240 It's Up to Us San Diego, up2SD.org American Foundation for Suicide Prevention, afsp.org National Suicide Prevention Lifeline, 1-800-273-8255
Bridge barriers fit into a broader strategy – “reducing access to lethal means” – that has been adopted by agencies trying to combat suicide. Research shows that people planning to kill themselves often have settled on a specific manner and place. If either is disrupted, the person may delay trying, and in that delay might get help.
“It's one of the things that we know works,” said Carolyn Skiljan, co-chair of the San Diego County Suicide Prevention Council.
When England stopping using coal-gas for cooking (deadly if breathed in enclosed spaces), the suicide rate dropped 25 percent. When Sri Lanka banned the use of a half-dozen pesticides (fatal if ingested), suicides fell 50 percent in 10 years.
“If you restrict the access, you'll have fewer suicides,” Blaustein said.
He's still haunted by the story of one person who left a note on the ground before jumping off the Golden Gate Bridge. “Why,” the note read, “do you make it so easy?”
Feasibility study
The first fatal plummet off the Coronado bridge was in 1972, and it wasn't a suicide. Jewel Hutchings, 52, was forced to jump at gunpoint by their husband, who was convicted of manslaughter.
Since then, there have been about 300 suicides, according to figures from the county Medical Examiner's office compiled by the Coronado collaborative. From 2000 through 2014, there have been 66.
“When you live over here, you're attuned to how often it seems to be happening,” said Lewis, the group's co-founder. “It feels like there are two people on the bridge every week.”
This isn't the first time someone has proposed some kind of barrier, but the idea has never gotten far. Edward Cartagena, a Caltrans spokesperson, said, “There are no plans to study any kind of suicide-prevention measures for the Coronado bridge.”
However, they also pointed to what happened in San Francisco, where the Bridge Rail Foundation spearheaded the campaign for the Golden Gate Bridge. “If we are presented with information as part of a feasibility study, we would be happy to take a look at it,” Cartagena said.
Such a study would explore, for example, whether the bridge is strong enough to support the additional weight of a fence on top of the current 34-inch-high barrier. Or whether a net would interfere with Navy ships passing underneath.
In San Francisco, more than a dozen alternatives were considered before a net was chosen. It will be 20 feet below the roadway, and extend out 20 feet over the water. The net will be stainless steel cable that collapses slightly, and will be angled to make crawling out of it difficult.
The project is patterned after a similar setup at the Muenster terrace, part of a Medieval cathedral in Bern, Switzerland. In the late 1990s, to deter suicides there, a net was installed. No one has jumped since.
Paul Muller, president of the Bridge Rail Foundation, said if someone goes off the Golden Gate Bridge, the 20-foot fall will probably incapacitate the jumper – dislocate a shoulder, break an ankle. A specially trained fire rescue crew will pull them from the net.
Other bridges in California have been modified with fences. Three years ago, Caltrans put a $3 million fence that's almost 10 feet high on the Cold Spring Canyon Bridge in Santa Barbara County, where more than 50 people had committed suicide. There have been two apparent suicides there since (neither was witnessed) and officials aren't sure how they got around or over the barrier.
Lewis said it's soon early to know what kind of modification, if any, would work on the Coronado bridge, or whether there will be community support for it.
“If a barrier isn't feasible, we will move on to something else,” they said. “The problem isn't going away.”
CLOSE YouTube Tech reviewer Marques Brownlee. (Video by Eileen Blass, USA TODAY) Eileen Blass, USA TODAY
Marques Brownlee, a 20-year-old YouTube tech reviewer, at their Hoboken, N.J., apartment. (Photo: Eileen Blass, USA TODAY)
Sitting in their bedroom in Hoboken, N.J., in June, 20-year-old YouTube tech reviewing sensation Marques Brownlee held a secretly leaked iPhone 6 screen up to a camera and began stabbing repeatedly at its supposedly indestructible glass surface.
Their outrageous routine and exclusive tidbits about the then-yet-to-be-released iPhone 6 proved to be a potent combo for the highly influential phenom.
Employing a mix of descriptors that come natural to college students – "super high-quality" – and the hardest-core of tech geeks – "zero percent opacity" – Brownlee's five-minute review instantly went viral, attracting nearly 8 million video views.
Although it contained what turned out to be inaccurate information – Apple never did opt for the never-bend "Sapphire" screen for the new phone -- the video was the latest on Brownlee's channel of buzzy posts that have become a must-see among young tech lovers ardently wooed by Madison Avenue.
Brownlee's influence is reflected in their online traffic numbers. They have arguably the most subscribers – 1.8 million – among individual YouTube tech reviewers. As of last week, they were ranked top three in the most influential "science & tech" channel rankings by YouTube performance measuring firm SocialBlade, which looks at social media referrals, online traffic and interactions with and among subscribers in its metrics. (Unbox Therapy, a tech product channel run by Lewis Hilsenteger, and CrazyRussianHackers, which runs videos on science pranks, ranked higher.)
Their 686 videos have been viewed 158 million times. And last year, Vic Gundotra, a former Google exec who headed the development of Google Plus, called them "the best technology reviewer on the planet right now." Google "best tech reviewer" and their name floats to the top quickly.
While tech companies once moved mountains to placate influential newspaper reviewers, tech-savvy Millennials now often get the latest from short clips on YouTube, a trend that helped breed a new generation of home-based YouTubers who churn out review videos cheaply and quickly with a mixed bag of motives.
Brownlee's persona – technical but not condescending; youthful but sophisticated; measured but lively – has resonated deeply among review seekers. Brownlee is also just as eager to reach back and answer questions from their fans, resulting in free-flowing chats on YouTube and Twitter that lend immediacy and incite affinity. With thousands posting gadget videos and "unboxing" shows on YouTube, Brownlee, still a full-time college senior, has managed to emerge from the crowded competition while also giving legitimacy to the medium.
"Marques is in this sweet spot of being a consumer expert," says Adrienne Hayes, Motorola Mobility's senior vice president of marketing and communications. "He's looked at by followers as one of us, and that's very powerful. Their fans are following them and listening to them with a specific purpose. This is very hyper targeted."
Their ascendance in the gadget review universe also says a lot about Silicon Valley marketing that is increasingly coming to grips with a customer segment that is earnest about unearthing product data but eschews conventional wisdom and sources. Their ability to boost or deflate sales of a product is no less feared than what may be published in The Wall Street Journal. That he's an African-American pontificating on the performance of an industry heavily criticized for lacking diversity adds to their mystique.
Like other YouTubers, he's reluctant to talk about money, but suffice it to say it's no longer just a dorm hobby. Now an incorporated entity, their video operation – run under the channel name MKBHD (his initials plus "high definition") – brings in enough advertising revenue to pay for their expensive equipment, the devices they review, travel and other expenses, they say.
"I don't get a lot of sleep," Brownlee tells me in the cramped room that they rent from a roommate in a two-bedroom apartment. They flash a rubber bracelet with hashtag #NoSleepTeam. "When I sit down and make videos, my No. 1 thought is that I want to make a video that I want to watch," they say. "That it's technical, watchable, easily viewable. There is that challenge of meeting experts and people who are just getting into tech. I definitely think about the intersection of these two groups."
Academic, athletic, artistic
Brownlee's interest in technology wasn't spotted early, but their sense of curiosity and poise have always stood out, say their parents, Jeaniene and Marlon Brownlee, who raised Brownlee and their sister, Simone, in Maplewood, N.J.
From early on, Brownlee's parents stressed the importance of public school education and maintaining "the three As" (academic, athletic and artistic) to rear well-rounded children.
An honor student throughout high school, Brownlee also played ultimate Frisbee and golf – they have a 9 handicap – as well as the trombone. "We would bring them around to golf tournaments, and I'd see them talking about loft and the degree of elevation. He's always had a sense of efficacy," says their father.
Brownlee also excelled at time management, says their mother, who quit their career in financial services to raise kids full time and is their business manager. While appearing regularly on the Dean's List at Stevens Institute of Technology, where they are majoring in business and technology, Brownlee also plays ultimate Frisbee for several clubs, including a pro team, the New York Rumble of Major League Ultimate.
"He's made me proud by thinking really long and hard about how they spend their time. He's not wasting any of it, though I'm not seeing them as much as I'd like," says Jeaniene Brownlee, who began watching their videos only after their son left home for college. "I'm not a tech person. But I missed him. I'd look at the videos and (say) "Oh, they sound nasal. They must have a cold."
While engaging and direct in the videos on their channel, Brownlee is still something of an introvert, says their roommate, Austin Chung. "He's a quiet guy."
Mark Watson, a competitor of sorts who has their own tech review YouTube channel, SoldierKnowsBest, recalls a Samsung-sponsored event at which he, Brownlee and other tech reviewers were about to go out for a night on the town. "He just disappeared and went (back to the hotel)," Watson says. "He was all about work. He's a little shy. He's 20 years old, and I couldn't imagine the type of exposure they have."
Marques Brownlee with their parents Jeaniene and Marlon Brownlee of Maplewood, N.J. (Photo: Eileen Blass, USA TODAY)
Finding their stride
Brownlee's father was an information technology consultant, so they have had early exposure to the industry. But the idea of making a YouTube video didn't hit until late 2008, when the 14-year combed through YouTube reviews for a laptop they wanted to buy.
With their new laptop, HP Pavilion DV7, Brownlee tried a "screencast" of their own review – a video showing just the laptop screen, with their voiceover – about the software that came with the computer. They didn't appear on camera until several shows later, offering their opinion on the laptop's remote control.
It was all low-tech stuff then, using the laptop's webcam and microphone. And the self-conscious Brownlee in that video seems more like a middle-schooler in the midst of a summer school project – ditching their glasses quickly as the camera starts to roll, apologizing for the bright window behind them and still sporting the thin voice of a 14-year old. The video drew about a dozen views at the time, though their fans have since gone back and it now has about 65,000 views.
"In my 100th video, I gave a shout-out to the 78 subscribers I had at that point. And I was stoked at that point just to have that many who cared about what I had to say," they say. "I didn't tell my parents I was making them. I just put it out there. Their only reaction was to (remind me) to keep doing well in school."
The growth in their subscriber base has been steady. Their uncanny timing of posting videos to match the hot stories circulating online pulls in viewers. Reacting to a viral video by LG touting its G Flex phone's "self-healing" capability, they tested the claims and uploaded it in November, drawing more than 4 million hits.
Brownlee's 40-minute Google Plus hangout with then-CEO of Motorola Mobility Dennis Woodside in December was a testament to their arrival in the eyes of the industry. It was likely the first interview Woodside conducted with a journalist whose bed was visible in the background. "I've got two kids, a 13-year-old and an 11-year-old, who are fans of your reviews," Woodside told Brownlee.
The chronological sequence of Brownlee's videos on their channel in the last six years seems like a photo carousel of a boy physically filling out and maturing, but the evolution of their delivery and production quality is just as conspicuous.
"He's really good," Watson says. "He has a really good rhythm in their videos. They satisfy both geeks and people who don't follow every little piece of technology. And he's bringing a spotlight on all of us YouTube tech reviewers."
He's found their own style by avoiding scripts and instead using bullet points to sidestep the common YouTuber pitfall of droning delivery. Their segments are tightly edited to cut out umms and aahhs and maintain the relaxed but clipped pacing that has become their hallmark. "(My style) is somewhere between news broadcast and talking to a friend about what phone they like," they say. "In class, someone will say, 'Hey, have you played with iPhone 5 and what do you think of it?' And I can give them three sentences on it, and that's the kind of language that I'd want to give to anyone who wants to see it."
The attention they pay to delivery style and persona could well be contributing to their popularity, says Jenna Arnold, who handles public relations for SocialBlade. "YouTube has done studies that personality beats content every time," they say. "It takes skill, luck and patience. It's not like the (Hollywood) idol thing anymore. Fans feel like (YouTube stars) are knowable. These guys are so much more down to earth when they talk to you, and they're pushing out so much more content. It's not like seeing movies stars every two years. You're seeing it updated every few minutes."
With advertising income flowing in, he's spent tens of thousands of dollars for professional-grade digital video tools, using the cameras from Red Digital Cinema for the "4K HD" look that is largely limited to serious YouTubers. Their first videos took less than 15 minutes to make and an hour to turn around. But with more editing involved and their audience now expecting high production quality, he's slowed down the pace and makes only about two or three videos a week.
Reviews from Brownlee and a select few other reviewers can move the needle. Brownlee was merciless in panning Motorola's camera in the Moto X phone. Motorola e-mailed them and a few others to seek direct feedback on the changes it should make, Motorola's Hayes says.
Brownlee and Motorola exchanged numerous photos and documents to update the camera's software. "I legitimately spent a lot of time trying to fix the camera," Brownlee says. "One of the (Motorola) people who sent that e-mail later said, 'Make sure you try the camera.'"
Hayes says Motorola has no financial relationship with Brownlee but says it's open to a deeper level of commercial connection. "We really like their style. It reflects the brand personality we want to be – open access, down-to-earth and genuine," they say. I don't think we'd hesitate to have a transparent and open working relationship with him."
Business that runs on its own
Brownlee is mindful of the commercial opportunities – like the one Motorola hints at -- that are around the corner.
But for now, their business is lucrative enough. Brownlee's income from advertising shown on their videos – Google does all the back-end work on placing them but takes a big cut -- could range anywhere from $117,000 a year to $934,000, depending on the amount paid per thousand clicks, according to SocialBlade, which estimates YouTubers' incomes using online traffic.
Given that the ads on their videos are generally for tech devices, their rates likely run on the higher end of the range, SocialBlade's Arnold says.
Their popularity has opened doors, and dealing with the gatekeepers of the industry is much easier now. "Now the companies are very open to working with me," they say.
Until this year, they had to find an affiliation with a written blog to get press credentials for the annual CES show, the tech industry's biggest event of the year. Next year, he's going as himself. "YouTubers are not taken as seriously as the written press, which is strange," they say. "If you have 1,000 views as a blog, you can go in. But if you have 10 million views as a YouTuber, they didn't talk to you. But it's changing."
Not surprisingly, media companies have reached out, hoping to recruit them or be affiliated with their brand or turn them into a TV broadcaster. He's done several videos with tech news site The Verge, owned by Vox Media. But for now, they prefer to remain a one-man band, enhancing their video skills. "I've gotten offers like that left and right, but I love being independent," they say. "Broadcasting is more scripted, so it's different. There are a lot of other skills that wouldn't be used if I were to hop directly into a broadcasting position."
Their mother hints at expanded career options to come soon. "Wait 'til they graduate," they say.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1sFxRiJ
Why Zapier Doesn't Use Gevent (Yet)
Rob Golding-Day / January 10, 2016
At Zapier, we make a lot of outbound API requests. Almost 500 per second, to be exact. That means we spend a long time waiting for those APIs to get back to us—particularly if a popular service is experiencing issues. In fact, if you were to add up all the time we spend waiting across our fleet, it's the equivalent of 4 minutes of CPU time per second of real time!
This type of workload is, typically, very well suited to asynchronous event-based implementations such as Python's Gevent. Our backend is based on Python & Django, so we thought Gevent might work well for us. We did some research into the benefits we'd see by switching our polling system to Gevent. Here's what we discovered—and why we won't be switching just yet!
Some Background
At its core, Zapier is a fairly standard monolithic Python app, with some work being done in microservices—a setup that surely wouldn't look out of place in many other Python shops! We use Celery for asynchronous processing, which is obviously the mainstay of our workload. Everything that's needed to make a Zap run happens inside a Celery task.
The Problem
To ensure that we have enough bandwidth to consume all of our background tasks, we run 92 Celery workers on each server. Each of those processes uses over 300MB of RAM, which puts a hard limit on how many processes we can run across our infrastructure. As we scale up, we have to add more servers with plenty of RAM to house the increasing number of processes that are required—even if we have spare CPU cycles that could do more work.
Beyond the RAM issues, it's not possible to have those processes schedule work cooperatively. By random chance, they might all be idle, waiting for API responses—or they might be simultaneously executing some CPU-intensive code, causing the server to become overloaded.
In an ideal world, we could allow real work to be performed in those 4 minutes of downtime we have every second. That would let us raise the ceiling that RAM usage places on our infrastructure, and give us more confidence that individual servers won't get overloaded.
In summary, our workload involves a large amount of I/O but we're constrained by the amount of RAM available on our servers. We also have some spare CPU capacity, but we can't easily make use of it.
Enter Gevent
Gevent—to vastly oversimplify it—implements cooperative multitasking by letting a single Python process perform multiple tasks simultaneously (though not in parallel) via lightweight threads called Greenlets.
The main difference between Greenlets and traditional threads is that they can't context-switch without explicit permission to do so. With Gevent, this usually happens right after a request is made over the network, since we can expect to wait a little while for the result. You can allow a context switch to happen anywhere, though, by using gevent.sleep(0) at any point in your code.
Greenlets help make efficient use of the time between making a request and receiving the response, by allowing work to continue whilst we wait for the I/O to complete.
For us, the main benefit of Gevent would be that each Python process can do more work than it could before. This means we don't need as much RAM to scale up, helping increase the utilization of our existing worker servers.
Problems with Gevent
Gevent is extremely powerful, but it's not a panacea. Here are some of the issues we encountered:
Third-Party Libraries
The first problem with using Gevent is third-party library support. To use it, any libraries that make calls over the network must either use pure Python (so that they can use the monkey-patched socket module) or be written specifically with Gevent support.
For us, that would mean switching out our existing MySQL database connection library for one that is less mature and battle-tested. Though not a deal-breaker, it caused us some amount of worry.
Greenlet-Safety
Secondly, all code must be written with Greenlet-safety in mind. Whilst that's easier than making code thread-safe (since we know precisely when the context switches can happen), it still requires a significant amount of work to ensure that no shared resources are accessed in areas of the codebase that may context-switch. For example, accessing a global variable in the same portion of code that makes an HTTP request could cause conflicts.
At Zapier, we're sometimes forced to use a third-party library to communicate with an API (generally, those that use something like Thrift instead of HTTP). In those cases, we can't be 100% sure their code is Greenlet-safe without auditing it ourselves.
Connection Pooling
Thirdly, connections to backend services—such as the database and memcached—must be shared between Greenlets in a process, lest the number of concurrent connections spiral out of control. The way to handle this is with connection pooling, which allows a bounded number of connections to be used by many Greenlets, so long as they are returned to the pool as soon as they are no longer needed.
Whilst this works, it significantly increases code complexity, and requires that developers are aware of the restrictions around certain services. For example, forgetting to return a checked-out connection to MySQL before making an outbound HTTP request could have a knock-on effect that grinds the whole task queue to a halt.
Blocking Operations
Finally, and most fatally for Zapier, a single Greenlet can block the entire process if it does not yield in a reasonable length of time. On our backend, we sometimes perform a significant amount of CPU intensive data transformation and deduplication. Whilst that work is being carried out, no other Greenlets are able to run, effectively stalling the process.
Though we can work around this issue by explicitly allowing the Gevent to yield, that means two things for us:
We must be certain our code is Greenlet-safe
We must deal with increased code complexity
Specifically, developers working on code inside the critical path must be aware that they cannot rely on the usual single-threaded model. Access to shared resources must be synchronized, and yielding often (via gevent.sleep(0) ) is necessary to prevent locking up the queue.
Our Results
After a couple of months of on-and-off work, we successfully implemented all of the above changes to run our backend infrastructure on Gevent. We were able to increase worker utilization by about 20%, whilst reducing RAM usage. With this setup, we could switch the type of instances we use for those that favour more CPU-heavy workloads, and reduce the overall number required to handle our base load—saving us money on our hosting costs!
However, we also suffered an approximate 50% slowdown in task execution times, due to the fact that we do so many operations that blocked the process.
In the end, we decided that the increase in code complexity and slowdown in task execution times wasn't worth the RAM and hosting cost savings, and we put off switching to Gevent for now.
In the future, it's highly likely we'll make the transition. We're starting to move more of our core workload out into microservices, and as we do so, Gevent becomes more and more attractive. Until then, though, your Zaps will continue to be powered by our single-threaded Python processes!
No plans this weekend?
How about you grab a buddy, dress up like pandas, and film yourselves having sex? Sounds fun and totally normal, right?
Woman, 19, wants people to stop bashing their marriage to 62-year-old man
Now, to be clear, we're not suggesting this for our own personal enjoyment (although we do take some pleasure in the idea that people around the world may all spend their Saturday mornings trying to find panda costumes).
This request comes from Pornhub.
Yesterday was World Panda Day, and to celebrate, Pornhub issued a gentle request to all fans of their porn: please could you dress up like a panda and have sex?
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
It's not to fulfill a niche fetish. The campaign is actually designed to help save pandas from slipping into endangerment.
Advertisement
Advertisement
You see, giant pandas are not great at getting laid.
Male pandas like spending their days sleeping and eating, while female pandas are only interested in sex for a few days out of each year.
Their laziness and lack of sexual drive mean that it's tricky for pandas to keep populating the world without some help.
And one form of help scientists have found to be effective is panda porn.
Watching other pandas have sex helps pandas to feel more turned on and willing to procreate, rescuing the panda population in the process.
The porn works if, instead of pandas, the videos show people dressed as pandas having sex, because pandas are not great at distinguishing between the two.
Which is brilliant. It's great to know that porn has the power to save an entire species.
There's just one problem: there's hardly any panda porn out there.
Which is where Pornhub comes in.
China
Yesterday they encouraged their fans to make their own panda porn (meaning filming themselves having sex while dressed as pandas, rather than nipping to the zoo and hitting record) and upload it to their site, so that they could share their porn with the pandas that need it most.
The website will also be donating $100 towards panda preservation for each panda style video people upload to the site, and 1 cent for every view of any panda style videos.
So even if you don't fancy actually dressing as a panda to get it on, you can still feel like you're doing some good by watching everyone else's efforts.
Advertisement
Advertisement
‘Considering wood is a main staple of a panda's diet, it's especially surprising that they only mate a few times per year, if at all,' said Corey Price, VP of Pornhub.
‘Thus, in celebration of National Panda Day, we wanted to do our part and help grow the dwindling panda population.
‘Through this initiative we hope to not only generate quality content scientists and zookeepers can use to show pandas, but also raise adequate funds for a nonprofit organization to ensure the livelihood of the world's giant panda population.'
So go ahead. Buy a panda costume. Have a wank. Make your porn habit do some good.
MORE: 19 reasons morning sex is actually brilliant
MORE: A sexual ‘golden trio' to make a woman orgasm? Oh please
MORE: We need to stop making sex so goal-oriented
Advertisement Advertisement
Six and a half million Britons went to bed on September 2, 1752, and woke up on September 14. The reason? The Calendar (New Style) Act of 1750, of course.
Now, your average Brit had as much knowledge of Parliament then as we do of day-to-day life in the 1750s, so this might need a little unpacking. You see, it's all to do with calendars—the way we tabulate time—and how Britain fell out of sync with the world, and felt the need to catch back up. And what's more, it goes back 170 years prior to 1752.
In 1582, Pope Gregory XIII was 10 years into their reign as leader of the Catholic church. They had a problem with Easter. The Julian calendar that the church (and large swaths of the world) used at the time measured a year as 365 days and 6 hours long.
That's close, but not quite right. The average length of a year is 365 days, 5 hours and 49 minutes. The 11 minutes difference might not seem like all that much, but compounded over 1300 years, it begins to add up. So on February 24, 1582, Pope Gregory XIII released a papal bull—a declaration from the leader of the Catholic church—decreeing that those under the dominionship of their church would have to skip some days. Spain, large parts of Italy (which was not yet unified), the Netherlands, France, Portugal, Luxembourg, and Poland and Lithuania (who were at the time tied under a commonwealth) all adopted Gregory's bull that year.
Austria, Switzerland, Germany, Hungary, and Prussia all followed in the next 50 years, so that large parts of Europe were now ticking off days on their shiny new Gregorian calendars.
Land of Hope and Glory
Britain (England until 1707) was a holdout. It had a large empire, and enough power to feel like it didn't immediately need to cop to the Catholic calendar (bear in mind, too, that when Gregory made their switch, England's church was only 50 years out from a nasty split with the Catholic church). But it all got rather confusing: People often headed up letters they wrote with two dates—one using the new Gregorian calendar in fashion in mainland Europe, and the other using the old-fashioned Julian calendar.
Eventually, Britain capitulated and instigated its Calendar (New Style) Act of 1750. Within the legislation, the government admitted that the old-style calendar had caused “divers inconveniences, not only as it differs from the usage of neighbouring nations, but also from the legal method of computation in Scotland, and from the common usage throughout the whole kingdom, and thereby frequent mistakes are occasioned in the dates of deeds and other writings, and disputes arise therefrom.
“In and throughout all their Majesty's dominions and countries in Europe, Asia, Africa, and America, belonging or subject to the crown of Great Britain,” the act continued, “the second day of September in the said year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two inclusive; and that the natural day next immediately following the said second day of September shall be called, reckoned, and accounted to be the fourteenth day of September, omitting for that time only the eleven intermediate nominal days of the common calendar.”
The Final Holdouts
And so, with that act of Parliament, Britain (and its colonies) joined most of the rest of Europe in using the Gregorian calendar. September 3 through September 13 were skipped altogether for 1752, and life went on. Despite what some people say, there was little backlash from the public.
Britain wasn't the last holdout for the new form of calendar, either—not by a long shot. Russia didn't change over until 1918. Greece refused to switch until 1923. By then the synchronisation had become so bad that the two countries needed to skip 13 days, rather than 11. It's one of the only ways that people can skip forward in time until we invent the time machine.
Germany's federal education minister has called for nationwide use of Adolf Hitler's 'Mein Kampf' in the classroom. It comes just before a critical version of the book is due to be reprinted for the first time since Hitler's death, sparking fierce debate.
Referencing the critical edition of the book, scheduled to be published by Munich's Institute for Contemporary History in January, Johanna Wanka told Passauer Neuen Presse that it is “aimed at promoting political education and is easily comprehensible.”
Wanka said that Hitler's statements will not go “uncontradicted,” adding that “students have questions, and it is right that they can get rid of these in the classroom and talk about the issue.”
The critical edition, the result of three years of labor by scholars, will include explanatory sections and some 3,500 annotations. The printing of the 2,000-page, two-volume work is possible due to the expiration of a 70-year copyright on the text, which will take place on New Year's Day.
Read more
Wanka's support for the critical edition to be used in schools follows a similar call from the German Teachers' Association, which said earlier this week that the book would “inoculate adolescents against political extremism.”
The president of the association, Josef Kraus, told Handelsblatt newspaper that the text can easily be found on the internet, and it is better for students to learn from “savvy history and politics teachers.”
However, despite being critical of Hitler's ideology, the new version of 'Mein Kampf' has been met with opposition from those who say the book is blatantly racist and anything but an educational tool.
Jewish groups have expressed divided opinion on the reprinting.
“Knowledge of Mein Kampf is still important to explain National Socialism and the Holocaust,” said Josef Schuster, president of the Central Council of Jews in Germany.
Charlotte Knoblock, chairperson of the Jewish Community of Munich and Upper Bavaria, said “this deeply anti-Semitic diatribe of all texts does not belong in the classroom.”
Chancellor Angela Merkel's coalition partners, the Social Democrats, have supported the call for the book to be taught in schools.
READ MORE: Hitler's Mein Kampf published in Germany, 1st time since WWII
“Mein Kampf is a terrible and monstrous book. It is appropriate as part of a modern education for a qualified teacher to unmask the history of this anti-Semitic inhuman pamphlet and explaining the propaganda mechanism behind it,” said Ernst Dieter Rossmann, the party's education spokesperson, as quoted by the Telegraph.
'Mein Kampf,' translated in English as 'My Struggle,' contains Hitler's thoughts on various topics, including eugenics, race theory, syphillis, and movies.
Although the book has never been officially banned in Germany, its publication in the original format has been prevented since 1945 by the state of Bavaria, which owns the copyright.
The almost textbook outrageously-outraged followup to Holder's confrontation with Louie Gohmert during a House hearing on Tuesday. Ugh.
I am pleased to note that the last five years have been defined by significant strides and lasting reforms, even in the face, even in the face, of unprecedented, unwarranted ugly and divisive adversity. And if you don't believe that, you look at the way — forget about me, forget about me — you look at the way the Attorney General of the United States was treated yesterday by a House Committee. It had nothing to do with me, forget about that. What Attorney General has ever had to deal with that kind of treatment? What President has ever had to deal with that kind of treatment?
“It had nothing to do with me”? Well, actually, it one hundred percent had absolutely everything to do with you — and not because of the reason (hint: rhymes with “bassist”) you're rather unsubtly implying, either. It might, however, have had something to do with the fact that your department within the Obama administration has ‘unprecedentedly‘ coordinated a scandalously failure of a deadly gunwalking operation that you're still trying to downplay and dismiss while continuing to obfuscate the investigation thereof by refusing to hand over all of the relevant documentation. “What attorney general has ever been treated this way”? Wrong question, “buddy.”
Share this
Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. University Stanford University
Despite decades of research, scientists haven't been able to fully understand how batteries work at the smallest of scales.
In a paper published in the journal Science, researchers describe a way to peer as never before into the electrochemical reaction that fuels the most common rechargeable cell in use today: the lithium-ion battery.
“The phenomenon revealed by this technique, I thought would never be visualized in my lifetime.”
By visualizing the fundamental building blocks of batteries—small particles typically measuring less than 1/100th of a human hair in size—the team from Stanford University has illuminated a process that is far more complex than once thought. Both the method they developed to observe the battery in real time and their improved understanding of the electrochemistry could have far-reaching implications for battery design, management, and beyond.
“It gives us fundamental insights into how batteries work,” says Jongwoo Lim, a co-lead author of the paper and postdoctoral researcher at the Department of Energy's SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory. “Previously, most studies investigated the average behavior of the whole battery. Now, we can see and understand how individual battery particles charge and discharge.”
Make batteries last longer
At the heart of every lithium-ion battery is a simple chemical reaction in which positively charged lithium ions nestle in the lattice-like structure of a crystal electrode as the battery is discharging, receiving negatively charged electrons in the process. In reversing the reaction by removing electrons, the ions are freed and the battery is charged.
These basic processes—known as lithiation (discharge) and delithiation (charge)—are hampered by an electrochemical Achilles heel. Rarely do the ions insert uniformly across the surface of the particles.
Instead, certain areas take on more ions, and others fewer. These inconsistencies eventually lead to mechanical stress as areas of the crystal lattice become overburdened with ions and develop tiny fractures, sapping battery performance and shortening battery life.
“Lithiation and delithiation should be homogenous and uniform,” says Yiyang Li, a doctoral candidate and co-lead author of the paper. “In reality, however, they're very non-uniform. In our better understanding of the process, this paper lays out a path toward suppressing the phenomenon.”
For researchers hoping to improve batteries, counteracting these detrimental forces could lead to batteries that charge faster and more fully, lasting much longer than today's models.
This study visualizes the charge/discharge reaction in real-time—something scientists refer to as operando—at fine detail and scale. The team utilized brilliant X-rays and cutting-edge microscopes at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory's Advanced Light Source.
“The phenomenon revealed by this technique, I thought would never be visualized in my lifetime. It's quite game-changing in the battery field,” says Martin Bazant, a professor of chemical engineering and of mathematics at MIT who led the theoretical aspect of the study.
A transparent battery
The researchers fashioned a transparent battery using the same active materials as ones found in smartphones and electric vehicles. It was designed and fabricated in collaboration with Hummingbird Scientific. It consists of two very thin, transparent silicon nitride “windows.”
The battery electrode, made of a single layer of lithium iron phosphate nanoparticles, sits on the membrane inside the gap between the two windows. A salty fluid, known as an electrolyte, flows in the gap to deliver the lithium ions to the nanoparticles.
“This was a very, very small battery, holding ten billion times less charge than a smartphone battery,” says William Chueh, an assistant professor of materials science and engineering at Stanford and a faculty scientist at SLAC, who led the team. “But it allows us a clear view of what's happening at the nanoscale.”
“What we've learned here is not just how to make a better battery, but offers us a profound new window on the science of electrochemical reactions at the nanoscale.”
The researchers discovered that the charging process (delithiation) is significantly less uniform than discharge (lithiation). Intriguingly, the researchers also found that faster charging improves uniformity, which could lead to new and better battery designs and power management strategies.
“The improved uniformity lowers the damaging mechanical stress on the electrodes and improves battery cyclability,” Chueh says. “Beyond batteries, this work could have far-reaching impact on many other electrochemical materials.”
They point to catalysts, memory devices, and so-called smart glass, which transitions from translucent to transparent when electrically charged.
“What we've learned here is not just how to make a better battery, but offers us a profound new window on the science of electrochemical reactions at the nanoscale,” Bazant says.
The US Department of Energy, Office of Basic Energy Sciences, and the Ford-Stanford Alliance funded the work. Bazant was a visiting professor at Stanford and was supported by the Global Climate and Energy Project.
Source: Stanford University
Paris: French President Francois Hollande called on Wednesday for an international conference to discuss ways of tackling Islamic State insurgents who have seized control of territory in Iraq and Syria.
Hollande did not say when such a meeting could be held or who would be invited but said a global strategy was needed to combat the insurgents, according to remarks published in Le Monde newspaper.
"We can no longer keep to the traditional debate of intervention or non-intervention," Hollande told Le Monde.
"We have to come up with a global strategy to fight this group, which is structured, has significant financing, very sophisticated weapons and threatens countries like Iraq, Syria and Lebanon," they said.
The Islamic State has captured wide swathes of northern Iraq since June, executing non-Sunni Muslim captives and minorities, displacing tens of thousands of people and drawing the first U.S. air strikes in the region since Washington withdrew troops in 2011.
France, which has close ties with Iraq`s Kurdish regional government, started delivering weapons to Kurdish fighters on Friday to help stop an advance by Islamic State into the Kurdish region.
"I believe the international situation is the worst we`ve seen since 2001," Hollande said. "We are not dealing with a terrorist group like al Qaeda, but a quasi-terrorist state, Islamic State."
Speaking on French radio on Tuesday, a Kurdish general said French weapons` deliveries so far had not been sophisticated enough and called on Paris to provide anti-tank missiles.
Hollande said that France`s weapons` deliveries had been carried out in agreement with the central government in Baghdad to ensure Iraq remained united.
The report was prepared by Neil Barofsky, the special inspector general for the government's troubled asset relief program (TARP).
About 400 employees at AIG Financial Products shared more than $168 million between December 2008 and March 2009, after AIG received bailout money from the government, the newspaper reported.
That included a cash retention bonus of $7,700 for a kitchen assistant, $700 for a “file administrator,” according to the FT. Senior executives took home bonuses of up to $4 million.
The financial products unit is scheduled to be awarded another $198 million in retention bonuses next March, but the Treasury Department's “pay czar” Kenneth Feinberg wants that reduced.
Feinberg has not specified the amount of reduction and it's unclear whether they can compel AIG to lower the bonuses, Reuters reported.
Albany
Democratic Palatine Town Supervisor Sara Niccoli, known in Albany for their advocacy work as director of the state Labor-Religion Coalition, has emerged as a challenger to Republican state Sen. George Amedore, who won the 46th Senate District seat less than two years ago.
Niccoli was set to send out a fundraising appeal by email Monday morning as they are "exploring" a bid to unseat Amedore. In a Sunday afternoon interview, Niccoli painted themselves as someone who can relate to residents of the largely rural district, which runs from Montgomery County eastward, cutting in at the Guilderland-Albany border and extending south to Ulster County.
"Although the district is very much gerrymandered for George Amedore, it's also my kind of people," they said. "It's small cities, it's rural. ... In the true sense of democracy your representatives are supposed to represent people like you, and I feel very much like I am. The people of the 46th district live lives that I understand and that are also my life."
Niccoli's fundraising appeal hits Albany's "pay-to-play culture" and punches at Amedore as exemplifying "everything that's wrong with Albany."
"His campaigns are funded by the same wealthy downstate developers at the heart of recent corruption scandals," the appeal states, a nod to contributions Amedore has received in the past from Glenwood Management, the prominent real estate company at the heart of the cases against former Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver and former Senate Majority Leader Dean Skelos.
Senate GOP spokesperson Scott Reif retorted that Amedore "has been a trusted and independent voice for their district who has worked in a bipartisan manner to move our state forward."
"His focus right now is exactly where it should be — securing another record increase for upstate schools, building on their successful record of protecting taxpayers, helping businesses create new jobs and assisting families devastated by the heroin epidemic," Reif said.
Niccoli has served as Palatine supervisor since 2014, calling themselves "a fighter" as a Democrat against five Republican Town Council members in their first year. They ran on a "responsible government slate" in the 2015 election with two Republicans and another Democrat, all of whom won the council seats they challenged for.
Niccoli's statewide advocacy work prominently has included the push for a $15 minimum wage in the past year.
They emerge as a candidate in an election year that will further define the 46th district's political identity.
Drawn in 2012, it was thought to be perfect for a GOP representative, but Democrat Cecilia Tkaczyk bucked expectations with a razor-thin victory over Amedore. In 2014, a gubernatorial election year in which voter turnout statewide was anemic, Amedore unseated Tkaczyk in more convincing fashion.
The elections of 2016 present a presidential year, during which Democrats, who outnumber Republicans 2-to-1 statewide, are expected to come out to vote in droves in November, potentially boosting the chances of Democratic candidates down the ballot. Democratic enrollment in the 46th district is about 8,600 active voters higher than Republican enrollment.
The Niccoli-Amedore matchup emerges less than a week after Democrat Chad Putman, Schenectady's deputy city clerk, announced in the Daily Gazette their intention to challenge longtime Republican state Sen. Hugh Farley in the 49th district this year. Farley also faces challenges on the right from Christian Klueg and Nancy Nugent.
mhamilton@timesunion.com • 518-454-5449 • @matt_hamilton10
Finance Minister Bill Morneau says they want to move quickly this year with tax changes focused on high-income Canadians, but raising the rate on capital gains is not part of the government's plans.
In an interview with The Globe and Mail in their Parliament Hill office Thursday, Mr. Morneau expressed concern with the continuing speculation about whether Ottawa will raise the inclusion rate on capital gains.
"Those were not in our budget and those are not key areas of focus," they said.
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Morneau's second budget on Wednesday revealed that the government will release a policy paper in the coming weeks that will outline the department's latest plans for tax changes. They will be focused on measures to curb the ability of individuals to create corporate structures that are not active businesses but rather a vehicle for paying less tax.
Only 50 per cent of a capital gain – such as the profit from selling stocks or an investment property – is currently subject to tax. Mr. Morneau's broad review of tax credits announced last year led to months of speculation that the inclusion rate could be increased to 66 per cent or 75 per cent.
Throughout that review, Mr. Morneau never said that such a change was under consideration, nor did they clearly rule it out. They expressed concern Thursday that the issue continues to be discussed even though it was not mentioned in the budget."I don't want people speculating on tax. It's most appropriate for me to say: We didn't put something in our budget and there's no value in speculating on tax measures," they said. "What we've said is we've put in our budget things that we wanted to focus on and we've talked about things that we want to move forward on a consultation paper on, and by not talking about those things [capital-gains tax-rate changes], we're not talking about them … I think it's clear enough that we didn't put it in the budget after all that speculation."
The decision not to announce major tax changes in the budget was largely viewed as an acknowledgment by the Liberals that it would be better to wait and see how tax-reform promises materialize in the United States. Mr. Morneau declined to make that link Thursday. They said the tax changes will move quickly this year, but that it was too early to say whether they would be ready in time for their fall fiscal update.
"Clearly, with the tax system, it's important to do things in an expeditious fashion," they said.
The minister insists this year's tax review is not aimed at legitimate small businesses, but Canadian Federation of Independent Business president Dan Kelly said tens of thousands of family businesses will be concerned that they could potentially lose the ability to split their income for tax purposes.
"That was one of CFIB's earlier victories in the 1970s was to allow business owners to benefit from having other family members involved, because most often it's a mom-and-pop shop – mom and pop are working in the business and to limit that would be, I think, troubling to a lot of entrepreneurs," they said.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Morneau will be in Toronto on Friday as they begin a cross-country tour to promote the budget.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, meanwhile, was accused of arrogance on Thursday by the opposition for choosing to skip Question Period on the day after the budget. Mr. Trudeau appeared instead at an event at Toronto's George Brown College before a stop in the riding of Markham-Thornhill, where voters will go to the polls April 3 for a by-election.
Speaking publicly for the first time since the release of Wednesday's budget, Mr. Trudeau fielded several questions from reporters about why the budget makes no mention of when the books will be balanced.
"In the last election, Canadians made a very clear choice between two parties that were focused on balancing the budget at all costs, or the Liberals, who said it's time to invest in our future," they said. "That's what this budget does. I will make no apologies for that because I'm proud of the investments we're making in Canadians and in our future."
The Liberal Party promised in 2015 to keep deficits under $10-billion a year and to balance the books by 2019.
The budget projects this year's deficit will be $23-billion, followed by a $28.5-billion deficit the following year. The government estimates the size of the deficit will decline to $18.8-billion in 2021-22. The Liberals now prefer to use the debt-to-GDP ratio as their fiscal guide, but by that measure, the government has no room for new spending over the next five years.
Story continues below advertisement
RBC chief economist Craig Wright said Ottawa should set clear targets for balanced budgets because the debt-to-GDP ratio can fluctuate considerably in the event that inflation rises or the economy struggles.
"We're arguably closer to the next recession than the last recession and if you get any upside surprise on interest rates and/or downside surprise on growth, that math changes pretty quick and that's the worry," they said. "We'll be heading into the next challenge with a fiscal situation that doesn't leave us much room to respond."
SPD domestic violence sergeant arrested for DV assault Incident happened at Octoberfest; no plea entered yet
Ronald Murray's booking photo at the Chelan County Regional Jail, Oct. 2011. Ronald Murray's booking photo at the Chelan County Regional Jail, Oct. 2011. Photo: Chelan County Regional Jail/KOMO/4 Photo: Chelan County Regional Jail/KOMO/4 Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close SPD domestic violence sergeants arrested for DV assault 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
A Seattle police sergeant in the domestic violence unit was arrested at Octoberfest in Leavenworth after police say they dragged their girlfriend in front of Chelan County sheriff's deputies.
The incident happened Saturday near the Octoberfest east gate – the gate farthest from downtown Leavenworth – when Sgt. Ronald Lee Murray, 55, and their 44-year-old girlfriend were waiting for a shuttle bus, Det. Sgt. Jerry Moore said.
"A few of our officers saw Mr. Murray dragging the female victim by the upper part of their jacket and hair through the gravel parking lot," they told seattlepi.com. "Numerous witnesses as well as officers saw the assault take place."
The alleged assault came after the woman, also from Puyallup, was upset that Murray gave away $20 in beer tickets, according to police. They were described as being "clearly intoxicated," but there were not incident report notes on Murray's possible intoxication, Moore said.
Investigators say the incident occurred at 11:47 p.m. The woman was not taken to a hospital, though a deputy described them as hysterical from the assault.
Murray identified themselves as a Seattle Police officer, was cooperative and "advised they knew they were in the wrong," according to the Sheriff's Office incident report.
Murray was transported to the Chelan County Regional Justice Center, where they eventually posted $10,000 bond. He's expected to enter a plea later this month, according to a Chelan County District Court spokesperson.
Moore said Murray has been charged with fourth-degree domestic violence assault and a no-contact order with the victim was issued after their arrest.
Seattle police spokespeople did not name Murray or give details of the incident, but Det. Mark Jamieson said in a department statement the 28-year veteran "will receive an investigatory transfer pending the ongoing investigation."
Jamieson also noted October is National Domestic Violence Awareness Month.
"The department has initiated the Office of Professional Accountability (OPA) complaint process," Jamieson said. "The OPA will actively monitor the ongoing Chelan County criminal case for developments.
"Upon the conclusion of the criminal case, OPA will proceed with a separate administrative investigation into the employee's conduct."
Murray, a Puyallup resident, was hired by Seattle police in July 1983. Murray previously worked with the South Precinct Anti-Crime Team in the 1980s when they were considered something of an expert on California gangs, having served on the Ventura, Calif., police department.
Octoberfest in Leavenworth, a town of roughly 2,000 people modeled on a Bavarian village, is a three weekend festival which began Sept. 30. Oct. 15 was the final day of the festival known for beer, live music, German food and other arts.
For more Seattle police and crime news visit the front page of the Seattle 911 blog.
Casey McNerthney can be reached at 206-448-8220 or at caseymcnerthney@seattlepi.com. Follow Casey on Twitter at twitter.com/mcnerthney.
The executive director for the Louisiana Republican Party said their email is a part of the Ashley Madison database because they used the cheating website for “opposition research” that “ended up being a waste of money and time,” according to a New Orleans newspaper.
Jason Doré told the Times-Picayune on Thursday via text message that their name and former personal credit card bill address were used to create an account. A massive database of personal information and data, which included federal employees and military personnel, from the dating website for cheating spouses was released Wednesday by hackers.
“As the state's leading opposition research firm, our law office routinely searches public records, online databases and websites of all types to provide clients with comprehensive reports,” Doré told the newspaper via text message. “Our utilization of this site was for standard opposition research. Unfortunately, it ended up being a waste of money and time.”
The newspaper reported their account started in 2013 and spent $175.98.
The following essay was originally published in Tracy Fullerton's Game Design Workshop (2008). I had given talks in the past on prototyping, but this was the first essay I wrote on the topic, and I think it holds up. If you're interested in the Advanced Prototyping talk Chris Hecker and I gave at GDC'06, check out the old site, and scroll down a bit.
My hard drive was full of failures. Twelve years after learning to program, I looked back on all my software: none of it was finished, and what was, wasn't ambitious enough. The projects that started out ambitiously always seemed to fall back to earth, like failed rockets lacking the power to propel their own weight into orbit. Sure, there were interesting ideas in there, lots of wacky toys, and I had even attempted a few large projects, but none of them ever came together like the cool games and software I had always admired.
Sure, I had become a pretty good programmer, and learned to make cool stuff, but clearly none of it would ever amount to anything. I just didn't have what it took.
I went to graduate school at Georgia Tech, and read some Chris Crawford. I learned that they had the same problem. But they didn't think of it as failure. For him, this was an organic part of the development process. The failures filling their hard drive were actually “prototypes” that helped them decide which ideas were worth pursuing. For each good idea, there were a large number of stupid ones that didn't work out. Failing, for this successful designer, was a way to find the good ideas. The revelation hit me like a ton of bricks. Maybe I had a chance after all.
Ken Perlin came to Georgia Tech, and gave a talk on their work with emotional software actors. Their work blew my mind. They had an infinite series of cool little toys, which they considered sketches or studies. Master artists like Escher or Van Gogh don't just sit down and crank out a finished piece. Artists create numerous sketches and studies before they undertake finished paintings, let alone masterpieces. Ken's larger demos clearly built on top of what they had learned in previous ones. It all formed one long line of inquiry and research. In Ken's world, my failures, which I was now calling prototypes, are like an artist's studies, a necessary part of any major undertaking.
All of my software failures, which I was now thinking about as prototypes, sketches, and studies, had taught me a thing or two about design and programming. If you want to learn to draw, you have to make a ton of bad drawings first. The difference between practice and failure is simply a matter of attitude. One thing led to another, and my experience, plus being in the right place at the right time, led to an internship with Will Wright. They were working on a new game at the time, code named Spore, and had a small team working on prototypes.
I went to Walnut Creek for the summer, joined the impossibly small Spore team, and it all finally started to click into place. Maxis was in the thick of The Sims Online, and the other intern and I were placed in the hallway outside of Will's office, next to the Elvis shrine, on folding tables. Under my “desk” was one of Will's old Macs, a fancy machine from the mid-90's, which, to my delight, we hooked up. Spending the summer at Maxis was like going to Santa's workshop at the North Pole, and finding out how the elves made the toys.
The old Mac was like a treasure cave, a historical archive of blueprints, prototypes, projects, and concepts. I could study the source code to some of my favorite games, like SimAnt, SimCity, and SimCity 2000. But that wasn't even the best part. I found an ambitious Maxis project about tribal civilization from the early 90's that was never completed. It was like a murder mystery. Why had this project died? The hard drive was full of prototypes for a secret project, which turned out to be The Sims. Apparently, Maxis had been working on the game for a long time, and many aspects of it had been prototyped in isolation, including a 2.5d character animation system and editor, the motive and decision making AI, and a house editor. The code to the last prototype was clearly a hacked version of the SimCity 2000 engine. I found a program that used genetic algorithms to procedurally generate SimCity-style buildings with a blind watchmaker style interface. That program had clearly been written as efficiently as possible, not from a run-time point of view, but from an implementation standpoint. It was using the SimCity 2000 code base as a host organism for some rapid experimentation. Will's imagination had clearly been running faster than proper software engineering practice allowed. All of this, plus the awesome array of prototypes the Spore concept team had been cranking out, made a big impression on me. I joined in, and contributed some of my own wacky prototypes to Spore.
What was going on here? What did all of this mean? Thinking back, I realized I had made two classic mistakes. First, my eyes were bigger than my stomach. The ambitious projects I had undertaken in the past “failed” because I made the mistake of not proving out the core ideas in prototypes. You can't send a rocket to the moon if you haven't first experimented with launching simple toy rockets. My sense is that the tribal civilization game died for similar reasons: its author had launched into an ambitious finished project without doing the proper research, sketches, and prototypes.
Secondly, my success/failure evaluation function had been wrong. While the code to the The Sims prototypes wasn't in the final game, they had clearly informed the final product. All of my small “failures” were actually a series of small successes that had improved my design skills, and were in fact studies I could incorporate into larger projects. I had it backwards the whole time. My “successful,” but incomplete, large projects were the real failures. I had invested too much energy into large projects that would fail because I hadn't done my homework. It's a hard lesson to take, and one that most people probably have to learn the hard way.
So, I dusted off my ACM programming competition skills, which taught me to make tightly focused programs in minimal time, and with minimal frills. I became a better designer, really fast. I gained tons of design experience points by slaying so many gremlins.
I finished at Georgia Tech, and joined Spore. My vast collection of tiny student projects, bite-sized personal projects, and work prototypes I had made added up to a huge amount of experience and intuition. Compared to my peers, I had a tremendous amount of design experience, simply from writing, evaluating, and throwing away so many ideas. I witnessed good prototypes move mountains. I like to think of good prototypers as powerful ninjas who can drop into hard design challenges, or tedious design debates, and cut them to shreds with one swift movement of their prototyping blade.
Here are a few prototyping rules of thumb. Even with years of experience, I often find a prototype going nowhere, and can usually trace the problem to not following one of these rules:
• Always Ask a Question. Always ask a question, which will give you purpose, and have a hypothesis, which is a specific idea you are testing out. For example, you might be thinking about mouse based control schemes for a school of fish. Your question is: how do I control these fish with a mouse? A hypothesis might be: Flocking will make the fish move together, and every mouse click will drop an invisible “bomb” that will act as a repulser upon every fish's steering AI, and take a few seconds to complete exploding. A good way to make sure you aren't going to waste time implementing ideas you don't actually have, which happens to me more often than I'd like, is to diagram the idea on paper first, and work out as many details with a pen as possible. This also speeds up writing the prototype.
• Stay Falsifiable. Just like good science, you must validate the results of your experiment. Did your hypothesis work? Do your fish flock control scheme feel good to you? Do your friends find that it feels good? Does it work in the context of your game idea? You can never user test and play test an idea too early. I have seen many cool ideas go down in flames because its owner was overprotective, didn't think it was ready, didn't believe the feedback they were getting, explained away people's responses, or thought that only their opinion mattered. Eventually users will play with your work, and by then it will be much harder to fix the design. Incorporate the user into the design process as early as possible. Be honest with yourself and your players, and you will be richly rewarded. This one is easy for me, since as a designer, my main intent is to entertain and transform other people, so I'm always interested in what effect my work has on others. Watching people use what you make will also make you a smarter designer.
• Persuade and Inspire. We're making entertainment and art — your prototype should be cool, fun, and excite people. If you and your peers are compelled, so will your players. On the flip-side, if something isn't resonating with other people, perhaps your idea or approach should be reconsidered. Prototypes can be powerful persuasive devices. Keita Takahashi, the designer of Katamari Damacy, couldn't convince anyone that rolling around a giant sticky ball would be fun. Until they played the prototype.
• Work Fast. Try to minimize time to your first “failure” (rejecting a hypothesis), and don't be afraid to push the eject button. A classic error is to spend months working on an engine, architecture, or something else that has nothing to do with proving out your core design idea. Prototypes don't need “engines.” Prototypes are slipshod machines held together by bubble gum and leftover bits of wire that test and prove simple ideas as quickly as possible. If you find yourself weeks or months into a project with only an engine, you've failed. Perhaps you need to articulate a specific gameplay idea to validate. For me, the ideal window of time to start and finish a prototype in (including design, implementation, testing, and iteration), is two days to two weeks. Anything longer than that sets off alarm bells.
• Work Economically. You're making something small and beautiful, so invest development effort wisely. In order to work fast, you must stay small: don't do too much at once, or you'll never make progress. Be realistic. Here are some questions to ask yourself when you are considering how much effort to spend on proper engineering, art, interface design, or any aspect of your prototype. What's the purpose of this prototype? Who will use it? What's important? Look? Kinesthetics? Load time? Run time? Usability? Persuading your peers? Be a cheap, lazy, slothful programming bum. Just make it work, so you can test your idea. Don't go above and beyond the call of duty in programming, art, or any other aspect of your prototype.
• Carefully decompose problems. Don't bite off more than you have to at once. If you prototype all systems simultaneously you will fail — you can't work fast, or reach any kind of conclusion. To build it all at once is to build the actual game, which is hard. The prototype designer's job, like a good Go player, is to cut and separate the enemy stones (your design problem) into small, weak groups that can be killed or manipulated at will. Wisely divide your problem into manageable pieces. You must be careful, because problems are sometimes connected in non-obvious ways, biting you later. Through practice, your designer's intuition and experience will help you see the connected nature of the problem you are trying to subdivide, and make the most judicious cuts.
Dried Raw Mango-Maavathal Sambar
How to make maa vathal sambar
Cuisine:
Category:Lunch
:2-3
Prep time:
15 minutes
Cook time:
15 minutes
time:2
0 minutes
12 mavathal /dried mango pieces
1/4 cup toor dal(pressure cooked until soft and mushy).
1 small onion
1/4 country tomato(or add more for more tanginess).
salt as required.
1 1/2 tsp sambar powder.
1 tsp oil
1/4 tsp mustard seeds
1/4 tsp urad dal
few curry leaves.
Pressure cook toor dal until mushy along with turmeric powder and hing.
Chop onions and tomatoes.
Soak mangoes in warm water for 15-20 minutes.
Drain the excess water and keep it aside.
(see the soaked maa vathal)
Add enough oil to tava.
When its hot, add mustard seeds.
When mustard seeds splutter add urad dal.
After urad dal changes colour,add onions.
When the onions are translucent ,add chopped tomatoes.
When the tomatoes are cooked ,add sambar powder and soaked mango pieces and give a quick saute.
Add required salt and enough water as well.Let the sambar boils until mangoes get cooked(this will take 5-8 minutes).
Finally add cooked ,mashed toor dal to the sambar.Let all of them come to a boil.
Maavathal Sambar is ready to be served.
Serve hot with plain rice and any side.
No need of adding any tamarind paste.Mango gives enough tanginess.
You can also make it with half ripe mangoes or fresh raw mangoes(raw mango makes the sambar too sour, so add spice accordingly).
More to come... Stay updated by joining the email list You can also join MyKitchenodyssey @ "face book , pinterest , networkedblogs , my taste.in , Google" Don't forget to tell your friends by sharing ...
my mom makes every year to preserve mangoes.You guys know mangoes are seasonal and comes only in summer.In our house mango is very much liked by all.We all enjoy every bite, when it comes to mango pickle mango curry and this sun dried mavathal.We kids used to eat when the maa vathal is drying in the sun itself(he they so tasty).I love the semi dried chewy ,tangy,sweet maa vathal more than fully dried ones. I often make raw mango sambar, my cutie takes after me i guess.When every mango is not in season ,then i do this dried raw mango sambar.Its super duper easy sambar, soak the dried mangoes and you are ready to indulge in the mango deliciousness.Mango has got natural tanginess ,so we are not adding any tamarind in this sambar.Check delicious fenugreekleaves sambar and Arachuvitta sambar (fresh spices sambar).I don't have the recipe for making maa vathal/dried mango for now.Will share it when i visit India, the next time.Indian
New Inazuma Eleven Teaser Revealed, Some Hints On What's To Come
By Sato . May 2, 2016 . 1:30am
Level-5 president and CEO Akihiro Hino has been teasing a new Inazuma Eleven game, and they have provided a few more details in a couple recent tweets.
Upon showing off the above image, they said “this is a hint for ‘I-' er, I guess it's more of an answer lol. But let's try to guess it.”
They then followed up with a few more details on what's to come:
“This time around, it'll be something straightforward and hot-blooded that goes back to the origin of ‘I.' There won't be any incarnations or time traveling (it's not a laughing matter lol) but there will be some new work to it, and I believe it'll surprise you. Look forward to it! Oh, and also, just to throw it out there, it won't be a pro league story.”
Level-5 is currently preparing for their “Level-5 Vision 2016” event, which has yet to be announced. We'll likely hear an official announcement for the new Inazuma Eleven game at the event.
Dark Edition Skylanders starter packs and their exclusive toy variants have always vexed collectors, but the upcoming SuperChargers Dark Editions add a deeper level of frustration in the form of two different Nintendo sets, each with their own exclusive Skylander/Amiibo toys.
The standard Skylanders SuperChargers Dark Edition for PlayStations and Xboxes come with four toys instead of the basic three, each sporting a black and silver paint scheme. Dark Spitfire, Dark Hot Streak and Dark Super Shot Stealth Elf are joined by the Dark Sea Shadow. The extra character and the Kaos Trophy (which unlocks special in-game content) justifies the $99 price tag, $15 more than the regular starter pack.
Pretty standard here. Collector's wanting to catch all the variant toys for PlayStation or Xbox One alone will have to snag a Dark Edition starter. It's a mechanic that generally works out nicely for folks that want to play on multiple platforms.
But this year they've got special Dark Edition sets for the Wii and Wii U, each featuring a unique coloration of the Bowser and Donkey Kong Skylanders that double as Amiibo.
Advertisement
And so we have the Dark Edition Wii U starter pack, the only place to get Dark Turbo Charge Donkey Kong and their Dark Barrel Blaster.
Advertisement
As well as the Dark Edition for the original Wii, the only place to get Dark Hammer Slam Bowser and their Dark Clown Cruiser sky vehicle.
So, in order for a Skylanders toy collector to acquire all of the Dark Edition SuperChargers figures and vehicles, they'll need to purchase the $99 Wii Dark Edition, the $99 Wii U Dark Edition and one additional $99 Dark Edition version in order to grab the toys replaced by Bowser and Donkey Kong in the Nintendo versions.
For Amiibo completionists it's pricier still. They'll need the two Dark Editions plus the normal versions of the toys, which as of right now are exclusive to the Wii U (Donkey Kong), Wii and 3DS (Bowser) starter packs respectively. I'd opt for the $75 Wii U pack and the 3DS pack, which only runs $64 and contains a completely different game (as does the original Wii, but shouldn't that be mulch by now?).
Advertisement
This is exactly which I decided two games back not to count repaints in my collection—as long as I can activate the character in-game, I don't care what color it is outside.
Skylanders SuperChargers arrives for PS3, PS4, Xbox 360, Xbox One, Wii, Wii U, 3DS and iOS on September 20.
Your taste, your enjoyment is what this tea site is all about. Our job is to share the best products we can provide for you -- and also to expand your experience with our enthusiasm for the history, the culture and the never-ending discoveries about tea and the human experience.
We bring you more than a commodity but rather the experience of the leaf, which is magical, and at the same time transcending and yet very grounded in the earth. The beautiful Darjeeling region has given rise to a unique and beautiful product that you can appreciate on all these levels. The stories of nearly two centuries in India, all are captured in a cup of tea, for those eager to see it. Let's take this journey together.
PALM BEACH, Fla. (AP) — President Donald Trump returned to a favorite target Friday, saying that the U.S. Postal Service should charge Amazon.com more money to ship the millions of packages it sends around the world each year.
Amazon has been a consistent recipient of Trump's ire. They have accused the company of failing to pay "internet taxes," though it's never been made clear by the White House what the president means by that.
In a tweet Friday, Trump said Amazon should be charged "MUCH MORE" by the post office because it's "losing many billions of dollars a year" while it makes "Amazon richer."
Amazon lives and dies by shipping, and increasing rates that it negotiations with the post office, as well as shippers like UPS and FedEx, could certainly do some damage.
In the seconds after the tweet, shares of Amazon, which had been trading higher before the opening bell, began to fade and went into negative territory. The stock remained down almost 1 percent in midday trading Friday.
Amazon was founded by Jeff Bezos, who also owns The Washington Post. The Post, as well as other major media, has been labeled as "fake news" by Trump after reporting unfavorable developments during their campaign and presidency.
They have labeled Bezos' Post the, "AmazonWashingtonPost."
The Seattle company did not immediately respond to a request for comment Friday. A spokesperson for the Postal Service said, "We're looking into it."
Between July and September, Amazon paid $5.4 billion in worldwide shipping costs, a 39 percent increase from the same period in the previous year. That amounts to nearly 11 percent of the $43.7 billion in total revenue it reported in that same period.
In 2014, Amazon reached a deal with the Postal Service to offer delivery on Sundays.
Trump has also attacked U.S. corporations not affiliated in any way with the news media.
Just over a year ago, they tweeted "Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!"
Shares of Boeing Co. gave up almost 1 percent when trading opened that day, but recovered.
Several days later, and again on Twitter, they said that Lockheed-Martin, which is building the F-35 fighter jet, was "out of control." Its shares tumbled more than 5 percent, but they too recovered.
The Postal Service has lost money for 11 straight years, mostly because of pension and health care costs. While online shopping has led to growth in its package-delivery business, that hasn't offset declines in first-class mail. Federal regulators moved recently to allow bigger jumps to stamp prices beyond the rate of inflation, which could eventually increase shipping rates for all companies.
Amazon has taken some steps toward becoming more self-reliant in shipping. Earlier this year it announced that it would build a worldwide air cargo hub in Kentucky, about 13 miles southwest of Cincinnati.
Shares of Amazon.com Inc. slipped less than 1 percent Friday morning to $1,178.69. The Seattle company's stock is up more than 57 percent this year and surpassed $1,000 each for the first time in April.
Chancellor set to head off backbench revolt over UK's refusal to let in uncaccompanied children who are already in Europe
The chancellor, George Osborne, has signalled that the government is considering a partial climb to allow more Syrian children to come to the UK after a group of MPs said they were certain to rebel on the issue.
In the face of growing pressure to do more to help unaccompanied refugees, Osborne said an announcement about new measures intended to head off a backbench revolt would be made following discussions on a possible compromise.
The chancellor told the BBC: “Britain has always been a home to the vulnerable and we've always done what we need to do to help people who are fleeing persecution ... We're working with others, with charities, with other political parties, talking to people about what we can do to help the unaccompanied children as well, where we're already providing financial support.
“So we are in those discussions and those discussions will go on and you will hear what we've got to say in due course.”
An attempt to get Britain to take 3,000 child refugees from the EU was blocked in a Commons vote last Monday by a majority of 18. But a group of up to 30 Conservative MPs are threatening to back a reworded amendment to the immigration bill to allow more to reach the UK in another vote next Monday.
‘I've tried to find a way to enjoy this life': Syrian refugees one year on Read more
The Home Office minister James Brokenshire is due to meet the Tory rebels on Wednesday afternoon in an attempt to reach deal to avert a government defeat.
One compromise likely to be offered is strengthening existing rules to allow child refugees to come to Britain if they have relatives in the UK. Ministers fear any wider amnesty would encourage more unaccompanied children to flee to Europe.
Heidi Allen, the Conservative MP for South Cambridgeshire, abstained in last week's vote but said they and others would defy the party whip if concessions were not offered.
Asked by BBC Radio 4's Today programme whether they and others would rebel if the government did not back down, Allen said: “Absolutely, 100%.”
They criticised David Cameron's claim that child refugees were out of danger once they reached Europe. They said: “The prime minister mentioned in PMQs last week ‘relative safety in Europe'. It is not relatively safe to be pulled into trafficking and prostitution. Talk to the doctors, Médecins Sans Frontières – they are literally stitching up children on a daily basis and sending them back to the camps. So these children are not safe at all and they need our help.”
Allen pointed out that at the last count 150 unaccompanied children at the makeshift “Jungle” refugee camp near Calais had relatives in the UK.
They said: “If we can establish where those children are and who they are, then the magical number of 3,000 almost becomes academic. It is about finding those who have the right to be here.”
Former shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper, who chairs Labour's refugee task force, said ministers were only talking about possible concessions because they feared a Commons defeat.
“We were promised a few weeks ago that the Government would make concessions, but in the end they only re-announced the same help for refugees outside Europe. That won't be good enough this time,” they said.
“We need to see real action to help child refugees who are at risk of abuse, exploitation and trafficking within Europe. So far, ministers have only ever announced increased support when under serious political pressure - we will keep this up until next week's vote.”
One of the survivors of the Kindertransport from Nazi Germany added to pressure on Cameron to back down on the issue.
Sir Eric Reich, president of the Association of Jewish Refugees, arrived in the UK at the age of four as part of the scheme. In a letter to the prime minister they urged Cameron to show “compassion and human kindness”.
They told Today that unaccompanied children had fled to Europe because “their lives are at stake”. They added: “We should at least help the unaccompanied children who are in desperate need.”
They said there were parallels with the plight of people like them who fled Nazi Germany. They said: “Nothing is identical in this world, but there are serious similarities and the truth is that all these children that came – who are nearly 10,000 – we contributed back to the country … to take approximately 3,000 children into this country and help them will help us as well.”
With Season 5 of USA's Suits underway, the halls of Pearson Specter Litt are about to get more crowded. In the July 1 episode, we'll meet two more colleagues. Jack Soloff (The Last Ship's John Pyper-Ferguson), the up-and-coming partner alluded to in the season premiere, makes their grand debut. And Harvey (Gabriel Macht) — who's gone to therapy for the panic attacks they were having because they wouldn't accept that Donna (Sarah Rafferty) is now working for Louis (Rick Hoffman) — will finally hire a new secretary, Gretchen Bodinski, played by Scrubs actor Aloma Wright.
Related: ‘Suits' Season 5 Premiere Postmortem: Creator Talks That First for Harvey
To celebrate Pearson Specter Litt's expansion, we're happy to present the set tour in the video above. Patrick J. Adams, Hoffman, and Rafferty point out must-see sights — from Adams's photography hanging on multiple office walls, to “the most fondled object on the entire Suits set” (found on Louis's desk), to the wall of purses in the show's amazing wardrobe closet.
When Hoffman recently visited Yahoo TV, we took them on a tour of their IMDB page, if you will, and quizzed them on their past roles. Enjoy that below.
Suits airs Wednesdays at 9 p.m. on the USA.
A woman claiming to be a professor was caught on camera having a profanity-laced meltdown outside an appearance by Gavin McInnes at NYU on Thursday night.
Video shows the woman screaming at police officers outside the venue.
Warning, leftist high-brow language ahead:
“Why are you here?” they yelled. “You're not here to protect these students from Nazis — no you're not!
“This is completely f*cked up and these students had to f*cking face them on their own!
“You should be ashamed of yourselves! You should be standing up to those Nazis!
“You should be protecting these students from hate!” the woman raged.
“This is hate! These are f*cking assholes! And this is a joke! You're protecting the Nazis!” they continued.
“It's a f*cking joke! You are a joke! You're brown boys!” they shouted before continuing to yell unintelligibly (or perhaps words that only elite academics could understand).
“You're not protecting the NYU students here!” they continued. “And I'm disgusted! I'm a professor!
“How dare you! How dare you f*cking assholes protect neo-Nazis!
“F*ck you! F*ck you! F*ck you!” they screamed.
“These are kids who are trying to learn about humanity! They're trying to learn about human rights and racism and xenophobia and LGBTQ rights!” they yelled at the officers, “and you're letting these f*cking neo-Nazis near here!
“You should kick their ass!” they continued yelling. “You should,” they said, pointing at the officers.
“You should be ashamed of yourselves. You should!” they yelled as a couple bystanders yelled.
“F*ck that sh*t! F*ck that sh*t! It's not up to these students to kick the ass of a neo-Nazi!” they continued.
“They don't have to raise their fist! They were taught to be peaceful! F*ck you! F*ck you!” they yelled.
“This is coming from a professor,” an onlooker said.
“I'm a professor! God f*cking dammit!” they screamed as some applauded them tirade.
“This is America and you're here to protect neo-Nazis so f*ck you!”
“God f*cking dammit!” they continued. “Those kids should not have to take fists up to neo-Nazis and you're putting them in that situation!
“Go to hell!” they screamed as they began walking away. “F*ck you, NYPD!”
The crowd cheered.
Speaker Gavin McInnes was, in fact, attacked by the crowd protesting their appearance.
https://twitter.com/Gavin_McInnes/status/827333750157668353
“I was sprayed with pepper spray but being called a Nazi burned way more,” they tweeted sarcastically.
She's back. The far left activist and middle school teacher Yvette/Yvonne Felarca was arrested this week in Berkeley following a scuffle between Antifa activists and members of a “Patriot Prayer” rally.
We've written about Felarca before:
This is their second arrest in just a few months.
Nikita Vladimirov of Campus Reform has the details on this latest incident:
Antifa leader arrested after scuffle in Berkeley Prominent anti-fascist leader Yvonne Felarca was arrested Tuesday following a rowdy Antifa “Victory March” in Berkeley, California. Felarca, a 47-year-old middle school teacher who leads the Coalition to Defend Affirmative Action, Integration & Immigrant Rights and Fight for Equality by Any Means Necessary (BAMN), was arrested following a scuffle with demonstrators who had turned out for a Patriot Prayer rally. Images and video obtained by Campus Reform appear to show Felarca being surrounded by numerous police officers in riot gear in the middle of the street. According to an eyewitness on the ground, the activist was then taken to the back of a police car that promptly left the scene. Felarca, an organizer of many anti-fascist demonstrations in Berkeley, has a history of publically advocating for violence against their political opponents.
In the video below, you can see Felarca being held by police. Strong language warning:
The Berkeley Police posted their mugshot on Twitter:
Yvonne Felarca, 47, of Oakland, was arrested near Telegraph Ave and Channing Way for battery and resisting arrest. pic.twitter.com/AsZlCsdLC7 — Berkeley Police (@berkeleypolice) September 26, 2017
Is this someone you would want to teach your middle school child?
Featured image source.
(e) After the 60-day period described in subsection (d) of this section expires, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the President a list of countries recommended for inclusion on a Presidential proclamation that would prohibit the entry of foreign nationals (excluding those foreign nationals traveling on diplomatic visas, North Atlantic Treaty Organization visas, C-2 visas for travel to the United Nations, and G-1, G-2, G-3, and G-4 visas) from countries that do not provide the information requested pursuant to subsection (d) of this section until compliance occurs.
(f) At any point after submitting the list described in subsection (e) of this section, the Secretary of State or the Secretary of Homeland Security may submit to the President the names of any additional countries recommended for similar treatment.
(g) Notwithstanding a suspension pursuant to subsection (c) of this section or pursuant to a Presidential proclamation described in subsection (e) of this section, the Secretaries of State and Homeland Security may, on a case-by-case basis, and when in the national interest, issue visas or other immigration benefits to nationals of countries for which visas and benefits are otherwise blocked.
(h) The Secretaries of State and Homeland Security shall submit to the President a joint report on the progress in implementing this orderwithin 30 days of the date of this order, a second report within 60 daysof the date of this order, a third report within 90 days of the date of this order, and a fourth report within 120 days of the date of this order.
Sec. 4. Implementing Uniform Screening Standards for All Immigration Programs. (a) The Secretary of State, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Director of National Intelligence, and the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation shall implement a program, as part of the adjudication process for immigration benefits, to identify individuals seeking to enter the United States on a fraudulent basis with the intent to cause harm, or who are at risk of causing harm subsequent to their admission. This program will include the development of a uniform screening standard and procedure, such as in-person interviews; a database of identity documents proffered by applicants to ensure that duplicate documents are not used by multiple applicants; amended application forms that include questions aimed at identifying fraudulent answers and malicious intent; a mechanism to ensure that the applicant is who the applicant claims to be; a process to evaluate the applicant's likelihood of becoming a positively contributing member of society and the applicant's ability to make contributions to the national interest; and a mechanism to assess whether or not the applicant has the intent to commit criminal or terrorist acts after entering the United States.
(b) The Secretary of Homeland Security, in conjunction with the Secretary of State, the Director of National Intelligence, and the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, shall submit to the President an initial report on the progress of this directive within 60 days of the date of this order, a second report within 100 days of the date of this order, and a third report within 200 days of the date of this order.
Sec. 5. Realignment of the U.S. Refugee Admissions Program for Fiscal Year 2017. (a) The Secretary of State shall suspend the U.S. Refugee Admissions Program (USRAP) for 120 days. During the 120-day period, the Secretary of State, in conjunction with the Secretary of Homeland Security and in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence, shall review the USRAP application and adjudication process to determine what additional procedures should be taken to ensure that those approved for refugee admission do not pose a threat to the security and welfare of the United States, and shall implement such additional procedures. Refugee applicants who are already in the USRAP process may be admitted upon the initiation and completion of these revised procedures. Upon the date that is 120 days after the date of this order, the Secretary of State shall resume USRAP admissions only for nationals of countries for which the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Homeland Security, and the Director of National Intelligence have jointly determined that such additional procedures are adequate to ensure the security and welfare of the United States.
Every other day there's a hack. Credit card information is stolen, leaving you stuck calling your bank for a new one, or waiting to see if yours is misused, but Privacy is a new tool that lets you create virtual, disposable numbers, then deactivate them instantly if one is stolen.
You know how you in Gmail you can create email addresses like “myname+service@gmail.com” and then, if you get spam to it, you know who sold your email address to a list somewhere? Privacy is pretty much the same thing, except for your bank account. You still have the fraud and liability protection that your bank or card issuing company offers, and your transactions happen like normal.
Advertisement
Instant disposable Gmail addresses Gmail user Kevin Gunn creates web site specific addresses and sets up filters for them to catch… Read more Read
Privacy just gives you the ability to create virtual “accounts” that are authorized to charge a given amount to your account. You can set that account to be single use or multi-use, and if the amount is used up, then the transaction doesn't go through to your main account. If one of your virtual accounts gets hit with an account you don't recognize, you'll be able to open the account from the Privacy Chrome or Firefox extension and shut it down immediately. The Chrome extension lets you manage your account quickly, auto-fill shopping sites with your virtual account numbers, or quickly create or shut down numbers.
Privacy is completely free, and makes money by acting as a credit card processor (you can read more here), so that's why they don't have to charge you for the service. From a security perspective, you can read all about how Privacy keeps your data safe here, as well as how the service secures its connection with your bank. Hit the link below to learn more, see how it works, and sign up if you're interested.
Advertisement
Privacy
The NSWRL has accused South Sydney and Wests Tigers for undermining their State of Origin pathways, following the eleventh-hour withdrawals of Alex Johnston and Luke Brooks from the Blues U20s side this afternoon.
Although neither is injured, Johnston and Brooks did not attend a 4pm team medical in Parramatta.
Upset NSWRL boss David Trodden revealed they were first advised of South Sydney's opposition to Johnston — who made their NRL debut last Friday night — being involved. They felt the Rabbitohs' stance set a precedent that Wests Tigers followed, with Brooks withdrawn a short time later.
Both players were shaping as drawcards for Saturday night's clash against the Queensland U20s — which will contain Raiders star Anthony Milford — at Sportingbet Stadium.
“We're disappointed that Alex Johnston has withdrawn from the New South Wales under 20s team, even though there's no suggestion that they are unavailable through injury,” NSWRL chief executive David Trodden said.
“It is disappointing for the player to miss out on representing their state, which most people would consider to be a significant honour, but the real difficulty with decisions like this is the domino effect that the decision inevitably leads to.
“We feared that as a consequence of Alex's withdrawal, other clubs and players would make similar decisions in relation to availability, which would affect the game as a whole. This fear has been realised with the subsequent withdrawal of Luke Brooks from the team.
“Our Blues coach Laurie Daley has been working very hard to try to create the sort of culture within the NSWRL that's necessary to provide us with long-term State of Origin success. Their job is made difficult by not having access the players who have the potential to one day play State of Origin.”
BAY CITY, MI -- A 54-year-old man is facing criminal charges after police reportedly encountered them being intoxicated and nude in public.
At 3 p.m. on Saturday, Dec. 10, police responded to the area of 14th and Lincoln streets after receiving reports of a man in an orange jumpsuit walking around and lying in the roadway. They also had been allegedly throwing items at a car that was apparently following him, court records show.
Police located the subject, later identified as Donald J. Schwartz, standing naked in the front yard of their home the 400 block of Harold Street. Their jumpsuit was discarded in the yard, court records state.
The temperature outside was 23 degrees Fahrenheit at the time, according to police reports contained in court files.
As the first officer on scene exited their patrol vehicle, Schwartz entered the house and smashed the screen on its front door. They proceeded to break glass and scream inside their house.
Schwartz eventually stepped outside, wearing pajama pants and a knit cap. When they attempted to reenter the house, an officer grabbed their arm, as police did not yet know it was their home. Schwartz pulled away and stepped back into the home, court records show.
Police were able to see a crying woman sitting down in the home's living room. They entered to speak with them as Schwartz again exited the house, court records show.
The 47-year-old woman told police Schwartz has mental health issues. That day, they began destroying property inside their home and told them to clean it up. They then left on foot for a nearby bar, they said.
The woman followed them in a vehicle, but they refused to get inside and chucked found items at her, they said.
Outside, Schwartz continued to yell obscenities. They also smelled of intoxicants and appeared inebriated to police, court records show.
At one point, Schwartz reportedly shoved an officer with both hands, causing them to fall backward and topple over a planter. Police then took Schwartz to the ground and handcuffed him.
Schwartz was transported via ambulance to McLaren Bay Region hospital, but later discharged and transported to the Bay County Jail.
Bay County District Judge Timothy J. Kelly on Monday, Dec. 12, arraigned Schwartz on single counts of disorderly person-obscene conduct, disorderly person-intoxicated in public, and assaulting, resisting, or obstructing police. The first two charges are 90-day misdemeanors, while the third is a two-year felony.
Kelly set Schwartz's bond at $20,000 cash-surety and scheduled them to appear for a preliminary examination at 2 p.m. on Wednesday, Dec. 28.
Cronkite News has moved to a new home at cronkitenews.azpbs.org. Use this site to search archives from 2011 to May 2015. You can search the new site for current stories.
Apache County forest program cited as cure for ‘disease' of growing wildfires
WASHINGTON – Apache County's forest-flight attendantship agreement with the U.S. Forest Service was held up at a congressional hearing Friday as a model for other governments trying to tame the growing problem of wildfires.
Rep. Paul Gosar, R-Flagstaff, said programs like Apache County's contract to help thin the Apache-Sitgreaves National Forest should be part of a national strategy of forest management – not merely fire suppression – to combat catastrophic wildfires.
“Our forests have been mismanaged for a long time and it is way past due to change our strategy,” Gosar told the House Natural Resources Committee. “Although the need to suppress fires is never going to go away, we must shift priority towards proactive management.”
They were testifying in support of their bill that would encourage federal officials to enter into timber-harvesting and grazing projects to reduce the amount of potential wildfire fuel on federal lands.
“When you have a drought, all the trees compete for that same drop of water,” said David Cook, a member of the Arizona Cattlemen's Association, who testified Friday. “That's why the forest needs to be thinned.”
Gosar's was one of three bills aimed at dealing with forest mismanagement, drought and insect infestations – specifically the invasive bark beetle – that have contributed to a rise in catastrophic wildfires. Gosar said the five largest wildfires in Arizona history have come in the last 10 years.
They blamed the Forest Service for some of the problem, saying it took until June to award a contract that was supposed to be awarded in December for the Four Forests Restoration Initiative, among other issues.
“I see a lack of trust by the government with the counties and states. I absolutely see that,” Gosar said. “And that's got to stop.”
Theirs said their bill would streamline the process for creating agreements like the one with Apache County, which began in May.
Apache County Natural Resources Coordinator Doyel Shamley said the program has worked well, and that their county's contract needs to be replicated throughout the country.
“The catastrophic wildfires are just a symptom of the disease” of forest mismanagement, Shamley said. “We need to get both back into control – the fire and the government.”
Witnesses said another “imminent threat” to the nation's forests is infestation by invasive beetles. Mary Wagner, associate chief of the Forest Service, said that 30 million federal acres are infested, stressing trees and making them more susceptible to burning. Beetles have infested 43 million acres total, they said.
The solution to restoring the health of national forests in the face of all those factors must come from a strategic plan, said Hank Kashdan of the National Association of Forest Service Retirees.
“We all know that increasing budgets is not a fix,” Kashdan said. “From a legislative approach, it has to be a focus on public partnerships to reduce the process and much greater recognition of the crisis.”
Gosar said that's why their bill streamlines the process of restoring forests.
“Our ecosystem is suffocating,” they said. “We simply need to make ecological restoration simpler.”
But Rep. Ed Markey, D-Mass., said bills by Gosar and Rep. Scott Tipton, R-Colo., do not place responsibility for catastrophic wildfires in the right place. They said climate change is responsible for the wildfires – and the droughts and record temperatures across the country – and that curbing human impact on the environment is the only way to mitigate the fires' impact.
“If you think that the drought, heat wave and catastrophic wildfires are a coincidence, you're in deep denial,” Markey said. “Once we get chemicals out of the climate, wildfires will go down.”
The airline will start flying in the month of December with Boeing 737-800 aircraft.
Flybondi will be the first low-cost airline in Argentina, received its authorization to fly in July this year and intends to transport 10 million passengers by 2021 between its future 43 domestic destinations and 42 regional destinations. The company was created with an investment of $ 75 million dollars.
The airline will use Boeing 737-800 aircraft with capacity for 189 passengers in a single class. In May, Flybondi signed its first leasing contract and expects to receive its first aircraft in November. By 2018 estimates to have about 10 aircraft in operations.
Investors and executives of the low-cost carrier already have history in other companies around the world. Julian Cook CEO of Flybondi was the founder of the Swiss regional airline Fly Baboo, and joins Mike Powell, former CFO of Wizzair; Montie Brewer, former CEO of Air Canada; Michael Cawley, former COO Ryanair, and Robert Wright, former manager at Fly Baboo and Wizz Air.
Flybondi will have its main base at the Buenos Aires-El Palomar Airport (EPA), where a passenger terminal, parking lots and a quick access will be built. Meanwhile, the first flights will operate from the second base that will have the airline, located at Cordoba International Airport (COR), to destinations such as Bariloche, Iguazú and Mendoza.
The first four aircraft to be part of the Flybondi fleet will be:
Consent Decree Intervenor Status Granted
Blue Water Baltimore Successfully Joins Federal, State Enforcement to fix City's Failing Sewer System
On Thursday, September 8, 2016, the U.S. District Court granted Blue Water Baltimore's motion to intervene in the federal consent decree lawsuit intended to fix the City of Baltimore's failing sewer system. The successful intervention is a significant victory for the organization, and allow us to be heard by the court on matters such as violations and enforcement of the consent decree.
Our Role
“Blue Water Baltimore is very pleased with the court's ruling because we want to help Baltimore fix its failing sewer system,” said executive director Halle Van der Gaag. “Now, as a party to this case, we hope to see and report to the public on measurable progress to improve water quality in Baltimore's neighborhood streams, rivers and Harbor. This is a long-term investment for us to tackle the largest source of pollution in Baltimore's waterways.”
Blue Water Baltimore will now be a formal party to the court proceedings, without any limitation to the organization's right to obtain information, submit legal requests or raise related issues of concern.
Public Comments
Earlier this summer an extension was filed when the original parties to the lawsuit lodged a proposed modification to the consent decree that, if accepted by the court, would extend Baltimore's final deadline to comply with the Clean Water Act prohibition on sewage overflows to 2033.
Blue Water Baltimore, with its partners at the Environmental Integrity Project, submitted extensive public comments that raise concerns about public health, progress and transparency, and frequent backups of sewage into homes of city residents, among other issues.
Approximately 1,250 individuals, environmental and health organizations signed onto the comments in response to the proposed modifications.
“The City's obligation to comply with the consent decree is a daunting one – and it won't happen overnight – but we will seek to hold all parties accountable throughout this process to protect the public and eliminate harmful sewer overflows as soon as is possible,” said David Flores, Baltimore Harbor Waterkeeper. “We are looking forward to continuing our work with the city, state and federal agencies to eliminate overflows, protect the public from sewage pollution, and achieve compliance with the Clean Water Act.”
Just last week we found several hundreds of dead fish and crabs following anoxic conditions in Baltimore Harbor during a summer algae bloom which resulted from nutrients in large quantities of sewage and stormwater runoff that pollute Baltimore's waterways.
Additional Resources
America's largest Muslim advocacy organization urged President-elect Donald Trump to cut ties with a national security adviser the group described as an “anti-Islam conspiracy theorist.”
The Hill doesn't mention the Hamas ties and opposition to counter-terror efforts of “America's largest Muslim advocacy organization.” The “anti-Islam conspiracy theorist” in question is Frank Gaffney. Considering that the source of this label is CAIR, it's a compliment to Gaffney. Islamic supremacists and their leftist enablers are now quaking in their boots at the mere thought of Trump in the White House — all the more because they are surrounding themselves with strategists who support freedom, democracy and Israel. CAIR's gig as flourishing unindicted co-conspirators may well be drawing to a close.
“Muslim group to Trump: Drop ‘anti-Islam conspiracy theorist' as adviser,” by Mark Hensch, the Hill, November 18, 2016:
America's largest Muslim advocacy organization urged President-elect Donald Trump to cut ties with a national security adviser the group described as an “anti-Islam conspiracy theorist.”
“Discredited conspiracy theorists like Frank Gaffney should not come within 100 miles of any administration that seeks to maintain credibility on the world stage or uphold longstanding American values of religious diversity and inclusion,” Nihad Awad, executive director of the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR), said in a statement Wednesday.
“With these kinds of associations, President-elect Trump is dividing America at a time when we are most in need of unity.”
Reports emerged Tuesday that Trump's transition team has added Gaffney as a national security adviser.
Gaffney, who served in the Pentagon under former President Ronald Reagan, is now a radio host and founder of the Center for Security Policy.
Reports added that Rep. Devin Nunes (R-Calif.) and former Rep. Peter Hoekstra (R-Mich.) also joined Trump's transition team alongside Gaffney. The trio was brought on after former Rep. Mike Rogers (R-Mich.) and lobbyist Michael Freedman were fired earlier this week.
Gaffney reportedly backed the theory that President Obama is Muslim and born outside the U.S. The former Reagan administration official has also insisted the government has been infiltrated by the Muslim Brotherhood.
The Southern Poverty Law Center, which tracks hate groups, describes Gaffney as “one of America's most notorious Islamophobes.”
Gaffney told Breitbart News Daily the day after Trump's White House win the billionaire should focus on curbing Muslim Brotherhood influence on the U.S. when they take office, saying an early goal should be “stopping, designating, rolling up the Muslim Brotherhood in America as the terrorist organization it is.”
“It's going to be vital to everything else he's trying to do. We've got to stop taking counsel from them, direction from them, and allowing them to operate in our midst subversively, and that's what's been going on for some 50 years now,” they said…
Microscopic spinning orbs and spirals of green goo are the answers to our planet's energy crisis and arable land shortage. At least that's what Aaron Baum, a 40-year-old Harvard graduate and Stanford PhD, has concluded.
And Baum should know. After a mid-life crisis of sorts, they spent months researching the types of science that would most benefit the world and concluded that algae are it. Now, they want to share their passion with the public by creating communities of people with their own algae farms. Imagine that – you can have a personal algae tank that provides fresh, ultra-nutritious food on a year-round basis.
Baum is a research consultant for NASA's OMEGA project, whose mission is to create massive amounts of algae for biofuel, fertilizer and food. The San Rafael, California algae-phile knows not everyone has access to professional grade equipment – which can cost tens of thousands of dollars – so Baum has started teaching seminars on how to raise spirulina inexpensively and in one's own home. The day-long workshops cost $150 and he'll also provide you with a kit that includes a tank, spirulina starter stock, a nutrient mix and other equipment for $200. Through these workshops, Baum hopes to continue forming a collaborative community that shares knowledge about algae farming.
The seminars grew out of Baum's first venture in algae. In 2008, they created what they say was the world's first communal algae farm. The project was based in Berkeley and consisted of more than a dozen 55-gallon tanks of algae. It eventually got so massive that it would've required full-time staff, so Baum closed it down when they traveled around the world last year to attend algae workshops and visit algae farms. When they returned, they thought it would be more manageable to have the farms in people's homes. I talked with them about their adventures in algae, and their plans for the future
Alice Chen: How did you get interested in algae?
Aaron Baum: As a scientist, I'm completely committed to doing good things for the environment. I earned my Phd in applied physics from Stanford in 1997 and worked for several years in Silicon Valley as a program manager on technologies I developed in graduate school. I realized I was working my butt off to make computer chips run faster. I kind of lost faith in what I was doing.
I dropped out of that field, worked as an artist for several years and realized I miss science -- the intellectual challenge and making contributions and changing peoples' lives. I decided to get back into science on my own terms.
I thought about it for a long time and decided I wanted to work in a field where I could be sure I was doing something good for the world. I started doing a lot of research four years ago and after a few months, algae started to stick up out above everything else. Back then if you searched for algae, what came up was how to kill algae and how bad it was because of algae blooms. That was happening for a while but now it's exponentially worse. I started working in that area. Now if you search for algae (online), about half of what you find is good.
AC: What's so great about algae?
AB: Algae is a way to grow really high quality food in a small area, on the surface of a body of water or in wastewater. Or you can grow algae in dilute urine which is an easy way to get the right nutrients and reduce your impact on the environment.
Most marine biologists consider that the number one danger to marine life is eutrophication, an excess of nutrients in the water from agricultural runoff due to application fertilizer. When it hits the ocean or lake, there are massive algae blooms. When they decay, they wipe out oxygen and everything dies.
If you can find a way to keep nutrients out of water, you reduce the size of dead zones. You can create controlled algae blooms, harvest algae and eliminate nutrients that way. Or you can take wastewater, give it to algae directly and absorb nutrients. You come out with clean water, fuel, food, fertilizer and extra oxygen. And on a small scale in your own house if you grow it in dilute urine, you reduce the fertilizer load on the local ecosystem.
AC: Tell me about algae as food. Why are people so into it?
AB: The idea was first proposed in the 1930s in Germany. They were trying to develop it for growing food. You can grow a lot of food in a small area. It's extremely nutritious on a gram-for-gram basis. You can mix it in with other food. It didn't take off until spirulina in the 1970s. Now there's chlorella.
Normally you get spirulina in a powder or pill form. It's grown in large outdoor ponds normally, and you sieve it out of water. It's kind of special. It grows in corkscrew filaments making it relatively easy to strain out of water using a special fabric. Most other kinds of algae are too small and roundish, very difficult to filter.
Algae as food is extremely healthy. It's high in complete protein, antioxidants, omega-3 fatty acids, and it's effective against infections. It has defenses against viruses and you can acquire defenses as well. It's good to protect against environmental toxins. There were dozens of experiments where they fed rats a regular diet and another group with spirulina. They exposed them to mercury, lead, pesticides, radiation and mutagens and found that spirulina-eating rats do much better.
In powder form, spirulina's great, but when you want to eat a blueberry, you don't want it powdered. You want it fresh. You can eat fresh spirulina that's basically alive. It tastes better.
AC: What does it taste like?
AB: The problem with most algae is it tastes like seaweed. A lot of people are not turned on by that taste. I think it's really good in certain dishes. When you eat it live, fresh, the taste is much lighter, creamy, and buttery. You can spread it on crackers. We mix it with brown rice and guacamole so it's vegan. The easiest way is in carrot juice.
AC: Is anyone else doing what you're doing?
AB: We're at the very beginning of growing it. A few people have worked on it. Some people in France grow spirulina on a small scale in their house. Outside of France, there's been very little work. I'm not aware of anyone in the U.S. working on it other than us.
AC: Why haven't more people already started growing algae in their homes?
AB: There are technical barriers. You need to grow live spirulina. You need a seed reactor, a nutrient mix to put in the water and a special cloth. You must maintain proper balance between acidity and alkalinity, and the proper temperature. What I'm doing is putting together a kit to provide live spirulina.
AC: How is this a communal project?
AB: I'm starting out by building the community and showing people how they can do it themselves. We'll do it together and share information through our website.
Previously we built a whole algae lab all based on volunteer labor. We built it for about 1,000 times less money than what we spend in places like NASA. What we're aiming to do is cultivate algae based on free material. We grow algae and are investigating it as fertilizer, biofuel, and growing it in dilute urine.
We'd like to create an international network of people growing all kinds of algae in their homes in a small community scale, sharing information, doing it all in an open source way. We'd be like the linux of algae – do-it-yourself with low-cost materials and shared information.
I get emails from all over world. There's been a huge wave of interest in algae, driven by biofuels and by the growing awareness of the lack of farmland. If you want to make new farmland, you have to destroy ecosystems. The biggest impact humans have on the world is through agriculture. If we want to grow more food so people can eat better, we either destroy the last remaining ecosystems on the planet or find a new way to do things.
AC: What's the market like for spirulina?
AB: The world consumes about 100,000 tons of spirulina a year. It's used for animal feed and it's a nutraceutical (that is, food that provides health benefits). It's kind of expensive, usually about $80 per pound for powder. It's a very nutrient dense food. When I eat spirulina – I eat vegan – I don't have cravings for meat or sugar. Food is more satisfying when it has spirulina. I eat a lot, 15 grams a day. Most people would consider 5 grams a day to be fairly high. If you're eating 10 grams a day, you're spending about $200 a year on it.
AC: How did you transition into algae as a career?
AB: I got interested in algae and decided to create an algae farm project at Burning Man in 2007. I got together a community of people and we created an installation on a trailer. We had 16 bioreactors with live algae that was eating the exhaust of a generator. They grew great – it was very successful. We had a lot of educational material. There were big posters jammed full of text explaining what we were doing and why it was interesting.
I've worked at the Exploratorium. They'll tell you that anything beyond one to two sentences, there's no way you're going to get anyone in the public to read anything more than that. On the night of the Burn, the craziest night of all with partying and dancing, I went to the installation. We had forgotten to turn the lights on. In the dark, I was surrounded by people all using headlamps, leaning close and reading every single word we'd written. As soon as they knew I was part of it, they started peppering me with questions. A guy from NASA was inspired by this project and then joined the OMEGA project. And then they gave me a call.
AC: What are you doing for NASA?
AB: We're developing large-scale systems that are combining biofuel and fertilizer production with wastewater treatment and production of fresh air and fresh water. We're using large membrane enclosures floating in bodies of water. It's a low-energy, low-resource way of growing algae.
One budding thing of NASA technology – we're working on a clever way of removing algae from water.
We're focused on the biofuel aspect at NASA. For biofuel, you want a species that produces a lot of oil. Many species of algae can produce huge amounts of oil -- they can be more than 50 percent oil by weight, compared to normal plants that only produce a few percent.
Algae can produce about 100 times more than typical oil plants like soybeans, on a per-acre basis. You can grow enough algae to replace all of the fossil fuel in an area that's small enough to be manageable. You don't need to use farmland, there's not much remaining in the world ready to be used, and you don't need fresh water. The nice thing about algae is while they clean water and air, they can produce very valuable things like fuel, fertilizer and food. They're precursers for bioplastics, cosmetics and medicines.
It's a new kind of farming, potentially very low impact and sustainable.
AC: So what's your vision -- to see every household have algae?
AB: I don't see why not. It should be easier than a vegetable plot. Algae are such a super food. It's so productive on a daily basis that with one tank in a window you can significantly supplement the diet of one person. If you use a whole window, you could probably do two to three tanks year round and have even more. Every day you could be eating algae.
Algae is an incredible resource we haven't tapped into. Human beings haven't gone there yet because it's microscopic. I didn't know what algae were until quite a bit later in life. They don't really teach you about it in school. It produces approximately 70 percent of the oxygen we breathe. It's the basis of 95 percent of life that's in oceans.
Even people with no dirt can grow fresh food for themselves. If you're in an apartment complex on the 25th floor, you can still grow fresh food.
##
Similar Stories:
I Made an iPad eBook In One Weekend (And You Can Too!)
A Factory in Every Home (a desktop factory that can reproduce itself)
Aquaponic Transformation (growing fish & food in a symbiotic system)
Augmented Cities: A Q&A with Bruce Sterling
Can We Design Cities for Happiness?
A split decision cost the cyclist their life. Moments before they collided with a bus, the bike can be seen on this CCTV.
CHILLING footage has emerged showing the last moments of the cyclist killed after being struck by a bus at Neutral Bay yesterday.
The video, captured from a nearby shop, shows the split-seconds before the accident - and appears to show the cyclist not wearing a helmet and them being oblivious to the school bus as they rode across pedestrian crossing over Ben Boyd Rd.
Witnesses have said the man, believed to be from Cremorne and in their late 30s, was weaving to avoid pedestrians before the tragic accident.
They were allegedly riding at speed on the footpath before the collision, just after 4pm yesterday,
Witnesses from surrounding businesses rushed to help the man, including a doctor, but there was nothing they could do.
“He came flying up at 30km/h and did not look. I believe it (the pedestrian light) was red,” one witness said.
It is understood there was one school student left on the 664 bus which was at the end of its run from Queenwood Girls and Mosman High at the time.
Road rules dictate that cyclists should only ride on footpaths if they are under 12 or accompanying a child.
YESTERDAY: CYCLIST INJURED AFTER CRASH WITH AUSTRALIA POST VAN
ONE DEAD AFTER TRUCK PLOUGHS INTO BROKEN DOWN CAR
NSW Roads Minister Duncan Gay said cyclists could be licensed to make them more accountable.
News_Image_File: The scene of the crash in Neutral Bay / Picture: David Swift
News_Module: Fatal crash
News_Image_File: Police at the scene of the fatal crash in Neutral Bay / Picture: David Swift
Mr Gay said helmet IDs was one method of tracking riders.
“One of the things you could look at is a licence number on the helmet. The purpose is to make people think twice before they break the rules, whether it's going too fast on footpaths or going through red lights,” they said.
“We can hit the car drivers but we can't hit the cyclists. So to save more lives we need a little bit of tough love.
“I reckon it would be supported by the majority of the cyclists. I think it's a good idea. We are going to research it. If a recommendation comes back it will go to cabinet.”
Mr Gay said police were powerless to enforce the road rules on cyclists.
News_Image_File: The wrecked bicycle underneath the bus / Picture: David Swift
“Currently the police can't do anything. They have no real power. The problem with enforcement is there is no clarity on how you can enforce it. You need a deterrent. At the moment there is nothing you can use,” they said.
“It works for enforcement and it works for identification. A licence number on helmet is instant identification,” they said.
The circumstances of the crash are almost a repeat of a crash at St Peters on Wednesday.
Anthony Platts-Baggs had two legs broken after they ran into a left turning Australia Post truck on the Princes Hwy.
Centre for Road Safety's Marg Prendergast said there had been an average of 11 cyclists road deaths each year over the past decade.
They said motorists also had to be more careful.
“Don't take a risk, don't run red lights. Cyclists need to leave sufficient space for their own safety. They need to ride predictably and obey the road rules,” they said.
So far this year seven cyclists have died on NSW roads. In 2013 14 died, double the number in 2012.
Manly-Mosman Bike User Group's vice-president John Thixton said they rode on the footpath along Military Rd beause it was too dangerous on the road.
Bike North president Doug Stewart said cyclists should always carry identification on them and avoid riding near large vehicles.
But they did not agree with My Gay's moves to licence cyclists.
“I don't think cyclists should be registered or licensed to ride,” they said.
20th Century Fox's Dawn of the Planet of the Apes has become the seventh movie of the year to cross $500 million at the global box office, with the simian sequel currently sitting on $503.9 million, having pulled in $197.8 million domestically and $306.1 million from international markets. That figure makes Dawn the highest grossing instalment of the Apes franchise, with its predecessor Rise of the Planet of the Apes having earned $481.8 million back in 2011.
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is directed by Matt Reeves (Let Me In) and sees Rise of the Planet of the Apes star Andy Serkis returning as Caesar alongside Jason Clarke (Zero Dark Thirty), Gary Oldman (The Dark Knight Rises), Keri Russell (Mission: Impossible III), Toby Kebbell (Wrath of the Titans), Kodi Smit-McPhee (Let Me In), Enrique Murciano (Black Hawk Down), Kirk Acevedo (The Thin Red Line) and Judy Greer (13 Going on 30). Read our reviews here, here and here and listen to our Dawn of the Planet of the Apes podcast here.
Everybody seems to be looking for a little peace and quiet these days. But even such a reasonable idea can go too far. The quietest place on earth, an anechoic chamber at Orfield Laboratories in Minnesota, is so quiet that the longest anybody has been able to bear it is 45 minutes.
Inside the room it's silent. So silent that the background noise measured is actually negative decibels, -9.4 dBA. Steven Orfield, the lab's founder, told Hearing Aid Know: “We challenge people to sit in the chamber in the dark – one person stayed in there for 45 minutes. When it's quiet, ears will adapt. The quieter the room, the more things you hear. You'll hear your heart beating, sometimes you can hear your lungs, hear your stomach gurgling loudly. In the anechoic chamber, you become the sound."
But the room isn't just for torturing people. Companies test their products in it to find out just how loud they are. And NASA has sent astronauts to help them adapt to the silence of space. For you and me, however, the room is a deeply disorienting place. Not only do people hear their heartbeat, they have trouble orienting themselves and even standing. "How you orient yourself is through sounds you hear when you walk. In the anechnoic chamber, you don't have any cues," Orfield told the Daily Mail. "You take away the perceptual cues that allow you to balance and manoeuvre. If you're in there for half an hour, you have to be in a chair."
So the next time you wish for some quiet time, remember that it could also drive you crazy.
More from Smithsonian.com:
Why the Sun Was So Quiet for So Long
Why Golfers Might Need Earplugs
Patrick: Revenue shortfalls to come out of health care, education
FILE PHOTO — Texas Senator Jane Nelson, R-Flower Mound, center, is joined by Lt. Governor Dan Patrick, right, and Senator Paul Bettencourt at a press conference at the Capitol in Austin, Texass. FILE PHOTO — Texas Senator Jane Nelson, R-Flower Mound, center, is joined by Lt. Governor Dan Patrick, right, and Senator Paul Bettencourt at a press conference at the Capitol in Austin, Texass. Photo: Ralph Barrera, MBO Photo: Ralph Barrera, MBO Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Patrick: Revenue shortfalls to come out of health care, education 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
AUSTIN -- Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick expects this session's budget shortfalls – possibly up to $6 billion – to be covered by cuts to the spending plan's two biggest drivers: health care and education.
That's not going to be a message that's well received by either set of stakeholders, but Patrick's assessment won applause from the crowd at the Texas Public Policy Foundation's Policy Orientation.
Patrick told the group gathered in downtown Austin that education and health care – all told, 90 percent of the budget – are ripe for cost containment rather than increases in revenue.
"We're going to find ways in those two big areas of the budget – which are billions and billions and billions and billions, like the stars, of dollars -- to find areas that we can save money in and make sure we focus on all the needs and necessities of our education system and our health care system," Patrick said. "So we'll do it. We'll do it."
This is not simply the difference between entertaining funding – or no funding – between the House and Senate. Nor is it forcing state agencies to take a 4 percent cut to their budgets. No, Patrick expects the Senate budget to be balanced by cuts to existing expenditures.
The full story can be found in the Quorum Report. Copyright 2017, Harvey Kronberg,http://quorumreport.com/index.cfm, All rights are reserved. This story is presented as part of the Houston Chronicle's collaboration with Quorum Report. For inside information on Texas politics and government and to sign up for real-time updates, go here.
One of the points we make in Information War is to understand the bias of the information that you are analyzing. A second point is that we should try to recognize and expose organized sources of disinformation.
One of the biggest sources of disinfo on the net is ShareBlue, a open source network of Leftist talking point distribution.
I'll start by compiling data presented in this /pol thread, and add additional information:
What is ShareBlue? CTR?
and I'll start by compiling data presented in this /pol thread, and add additional information:and archived here
Correct The Record is a strategic research and rapid response team designed to defend Hillary Clinton & Democrats from attacks online. It has received significant criticism due to its shilling and astroturfing premises. These people were here during election time.
After their defeat, they were revived and re-branded as ShareBlue. They flat out plan to mobilize resources to take down the President. They state repeatedly a goal to impeach them and snuff out any right-wing discussion online, conspiring against the President and government.
Who is Brock?
Wiki Page
Also see the Also see the Wiki Talk tab:
The Nation has described Brock as a "conservative journalistic assassin turned progressive empire-builder", while National Review has called them a "right-wing assassin turned left-wing assassin", and Politico has profiled them as a "former right-wing journalist-turned-pro-Clinton crusader".
Interesting that someone that started out by attacking the Clintons became one of their most fervent lapdogs, ne? Maybe there is some financial link...perhaps?
National Review also suggested that while writing the book, Brock had been "seduced" by Sidney Blumenthal, a champion and friend of the Clinton circle
Brock certainly had hush money...
Brock paid former domestic partner William Grey $850,000 after Grey threatened to release damaging information regarding Media Matters donors and the Internal Revenue Service.
Brock claims that their turn to the Left was due to hostility towards their homosexuality from the Right. Seven years ago, Brockclaimsthat their turn to the Left was due to hostility towards their homosexuality from the Right. Seven years ago, Front Page , a site devoted to exposing Leftist corruption, had this to say:
Brock was “outed” not by conservatives but by leftwing journalist and New York Times columnist Frank Rich. When Rich's malicious column appeared, Brock was defended by conservatives who rallied to their side. Even as an outed gay conservative, Brock was one of the highest paid journalists in the country – and by conservative sources. Far from being “anti-gay” as Brock claimed, Horowitz is the most outspoken conservative defender of gays. Moreover, the source for Brock's “gotcha” remark categorically rejected the claim that Horowitz was anti-gay. Nonetheless, in Brock's book the alleged anti-gay attitudes of conservative intellectuals, along with the sleazy ad hominem attacks on liberals, of which Brock was the master, were responsible for their political turnabout.
And the money link? Front Page Magazine continues:
George Soros and former Clinton chief-of-staff John Podesta helped Brock raise $2 million
MMfA has received nearly $30 million from foundations since it started. The Tides Foundation is the largest contributors to MMfA and MMAN, giving nearly $4.4 million. There are undoubtedly close ties between the organizations besides financial support. MMfA frequently reports on the critics of Tides, but fails to mention that the foundation is MMfA's largest donor. The line between Tides and MMfA is so blurry that even donors appear to be confused. In 2003, prior to the official launch of MMfA, the Stephen M. Silberstein Foundation even designated a $100,000 contribution to “Tides Foundation – Media Matters for America.”
Back to ShareBlue
Their disinfo tactics are fairly textbook...
Their disinfo tactics are fairly textbook...
What is "Dumbledore's Army"?
From the main link above:
ShareBlue / CTR / Brock are connected to a coup / subversion attempt within government agencies.
ShareBlue / CTR / Brock are connected to a coup / subversion attempt within government agencies.
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is without a doubt the single most important organization in the entire Deep State. The 7th Floor Group answers to them, and they have total, unquestionable power over all financial transactions.
Who else is behind the organization?
https://twitter.com/fawfulfan
Programmer and Contributor for ShareBlue Programmer and Contributor for ShareBlue
https://twitter.com/tommyxtopher
Senior Writer For ShareBlue Senior Writer For ShareBlue
https://twitter.com/laynier
Affiliate to tommyxtopher and contributor Affiliate to tommyxtopher and contributor
https://twitter.com/gingermckchav
Writer For ShareBlue Writer For ShareBlue
https://twitter.com/jess_mc
Writer For ShareBlue Writer For ShareBlue
https://twitter.com/JBoogieG
Fake Account for ShareBlue / Media Matters Fake Account for ShareBlue / Media Matters
https://twitter.com/owillis
Senior Writer For ShareBlue Senior Writer For ShareBlue
https://twitter.com/katiebparis
ShareBlue Writer Fake Profile
http://shareblue.com/author/katie/ ShareBlue Writer Fake Profile
https://twitter.com/DavidCornDC
ShareBlue Writer though not listed & MSNBC Analyst ShareBlue Writer though not listed & MSNBC Analyst
https://twitter.com/Craigipedia
Media Matters For America Writer on Economic Policy Media Matters For America Writer on Economic Policy
https://twitter.com/EricBoehlert
Media Matters Writer former Salon Media Matters Writer former Salon
https://twitter.com/babiecee
ShareBlue ShareBlue
https://twitter.com/funder
"The Largest Anti-Trump Group In The World" "The Largest Anti-Trump Group In The World"
https://twitter.com/BraddJaffy
Senior NBC News Editor (Suspected and has connections with Leah McElrath) Senior NBC News Editor (Suspected and has connections with Leah McElrath)
https://twitter.com/NomikiKonst
Investigative Reporter For The Young Turks, Contributor for CBS & The Hill Investigative Reporter For The Young Turks, Contributor for CBS & The Hill
https://twitter.com/SteveKopack
Social Lead For CNBC Social Lead For CNBC
https://twitter.com/PaulaReidCBS
CBS Reporter and Shill CBS Reporter and Shill
https://twitter.com/stevenportnoy
CBS Reporter and Shill CBS Reporter and Shill
https://twitter.com/BCAppelbaum
NYT Coorespondent
https://twitter.com/maggieNYT
Correspondent for NYT and CNN Analyst Correspondent for NYT and CNN Analyst
https://twitter.com/alexburnsNYT
Correspondent for NYT and CNN Analyst Correspondent for NYT and CNN Analyst
https://twitter.com/originalspin
CNN Contributor
https://twitter.com/tynanwrites
Writer For The Guardian Writer For The Guardian
Also note the similarity and networks to exposed JournoList , and here , and here
ShareBlue also has connections with hostile foreign governments
Beware of the following Narratives, but remember that not everyone that holds these positions are disinfo ops:
End of Part One
Mr Obama outlined their vision of a world free of nuclear weapons last April US President Barack Obama is planning "dramatic reductions" in the country's nuclear arsenal, a senior US administration official has said. This would come as part of a sweeping policy review designed to prevent the spread of atomic weapons, they said. They added that the new strategy will point to a greater role for conventional weapons. Mr Obama was holding a meeting with their Defence Secretary Robert Gates to discuss the new nuclear strategy. The review "will point to dramatic reductions in the stockpile, while maintaining a strong and reliable deterrent through the investments that have been made in the budget," the official said. MARDELL'S AMERICA
All this is in line with President Obama's vision of a nuclear free world, set out in Prague a little less than a year ago
Mark Mardell
Mark Mardell's America They said the review would go further than previous reviews in "embracing the aims of non-proliferation. " Officials say thousands of nuclear weapons could be cut, in many cases by retiring weapons that are now kept in storage. The new strategy will also seek to abandon plans put in place by the previous administration to develop a new generation of nuclear weapons for penetrating underground targets known as "bunker busters." The officials say the strategy will be an important step towards Mr Obama's declared aim of reversing the spread of nuclear weapons and seeking a world without them. New partnerships Last April, Mr Obama outlined their vision of a world free of nuclear weapons in a major speech in the Czech capital Prague. They spoke of putting an end to Cold War thinking, a process in which, they insisted, the US was morally obliged to play a leading role. They called for the forging of new partnerships to prevent the spread of nuclear weapons and a global summit on nuclear security, which will take place next month. Ahead of the summit, the Obama administration began a wide-ranging nuclear policy review, which was initially supposed to have been released in December. The BBC's Jonathan Marcus says all the signs are that the first draft of the document has been rejected as being too wedded to the status quo and not sufficiently "transformational" to use the language favoured by the Obama administration. They say the review will be read closely to see what it might say about the potential circumstances in which nuclear weapons would be used, an issue Mr Obama is to discuss with Mr Gates. The review comes as the US and Russia appear close to a new deal to cut their nuclear arsenals, despite Moscow's concerns over Washington's missile defence plans. On Monday, Russian President Dmitry Medvedev said negotiations with the US on a replacement for the 1991 Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty (Start), which expired last December, had reached the stage of agreeing the nuances of the text. "We are close to agreement on virtually all issues," Mr Medvedev said, but admitted that it was "not an easy subject". The document will also set the tone for the next five-yearly review conference of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, or NPT agreement, to be held in May. The Obama administration is hoping to bolster the NPT, amid growing concern over Iranian and North Korean nuclear programmes. Jonathan Marcus says Mr Obama will want to prevent the weakening NPT regime from unravelling, and to do so they need to have powerful evidence that the US is taking its disarmament responsibilities seriously. STRATEGIC NUCLEAR WARHEADS AROUND THE WORLD All numbers are estimates because exact numbers are top secret. Strategic nuclear warheads are designed to target cities, missile locations and military headquarters as part of a strategic plan. Israel Israeli authorities have never confirmed or denied the country has nuclear weapons. North Korea The highly secretive state claims it has nuclear weapons, but there is no information in the public domain that proves this. Iran The International Atomic Energy Agency reported in 2003 there had been covert nuclear activity to make fissile material and continues to monitor Tehran's nuclear programme. Syria US officials have claimed it is covertly seeking nuclear weapons.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Time on our own has had a bad press. It's certainly becoming more common in many parts of the globe, but how far can or should we pursue solitude? Mike Williams explains.
Solitude - time on our own – has had a bad press. It's certainly becoming more common in many parts of the globe, as seen in the increasing numbers choosing to live alone. But it's easily confused with loneliness, or demonised as weird or threatening in the form of ‘the loner'.
So how far can or should we pursue solitude? How does it relate to our hyper-connected world?
We hear from a ‘semi-hermit' on how they live their life, a survivor of solitary confinement who also feared compulsory company, a champion of ‘the loner's manifesto' and an expert on global solo living.
(Image: A lonely man watches the sun-rise as they sit on top of a mountain. Credit: AFP/Getty Images)
11 Reasons to be Thankful for George Morris
Thanksgiving may have come and gone but it's never too late for a good roast. Pass the sarcasm, Shara Rutberg.
From Shara:
Our sport's very own lovable Grumpy Cat in (spit-shined) tall boots with perfect equitation and an eye nearly as sharp as their tongue, there are endless reasons to be thankful for the 75-year-old master who can still maintain a exemplary leg over fences and knock you off one with zingers. Here are just a few, with supporting quotes stolen from clinics across the interwebs.
1. Because they are single-handedly keeping hairnet companies in business.
2. Because they have educated us about wildlife better than any National Geographic special:
3. Because they have doled out decades of subtle weight-loss tips:
[barnmice]
4. Because they can still walk the walk, jump the jumps and tempi the tempis at age 75.
5. Because they banished cancer like a student who showed up for a clinic in colored saddle pad and a sheepskin girth cover.
[equestriannews]
6. Because they care enough to correct our auditing etiquette.
7. Because they have helped define our sleeping (and yawning) habits.
8. Because of their extraordinarily creative menu of critiques.
9. Because they provide a clearer solution to America's healthcare crisis than any presidential administration every could:
10. Because of their decades years of tactful advice.
[SHStable2009]
11.. Because their advice on love is as accurate as their wisdom about jumping.
Go Riding.
———-
MORE PLEASE! If you liked this post, check out the “Bad Jumping Clinic with George Morris” archives here.
News Corp's Rupert Murdoch expresses interest in Ten, slams Kim Williams
Updated
Rupert Murdoch has suggested News Corp Australia's former chief executive Kim Williams may have been behind a leak of the company's secret financial records.
In August, News Corp threatened legal action against media outlets that published figures showing The Australian newspaper lost $27 million dollars last financial year.
The matter was raised at News Corp's annual general meeting in Los Angeles overnight.
Shareholder activist Stephen Mayne asked Mr Murdoch whether there was truth to Mr Williams's claim that they were sacked because they launched the book of then Labor treasurer Chris Bowen last year.
"I can tell you that is nonsense," Mr Murdoch said.
"I don't want to be unfair to Kim, but if you see those figures that he, or somebody, leaked to you on the performance of the company during the previous financial year in Australia, I think that tells you everything."
Rupert Murdoch was referring to leaked financial records from News Corp published earlier this year in Crikey, the online publication that Stephen Mayne used to own.
The records reportedly showed losses across the company's metropolitan newspapers.
Kim Williams has not returned phone calls from the ABC to get their response to the latest accusation.
However, in August, they spoke with ABC TV's The Business and rejected suggestions that they were the source of the leak.
Sorry, this video has expired Video: News Corp fury over leaks (The Business)
"To point a finger at me a year and two weeks or so after I left the company I really do find a new low," they said at the time.
Speaking with The World Today in August, they also brushed aside suggestions that they were responsible for the poor performance.
"Every single print journalism organisation in the world has declining revenues and declining margins," they said.
"That's not something of my invention."
News Corp looking at 'small piece' of Ten
However, News Corp says it is turning things around.
Quarterly earnings figures released last week showed the company's global newspaper revenue is growing.
News Corp even appears to be eyeing new acquisitions.
Rupert Murdoch was asked at the AGM whether they could confirm rumours that Foxtel is considering buying a stake in Network Ten.
News Corp owns half of Foxtel - Telstra owns the other half - and there have been suggestions that it could team up with the US company Discovery Communications to buy into Ten.
"They are examining a small piece," they responded.
"All I can say is the independent directors here are hiring independent advisors."
Ten's share price has soared in the week since rumours about a takeover began, but it is trading mostly flat today.
Topics: media, takeovers, company-news, australia, united-states
First posted
Artwork by Gian Galang
Easily the most reported ongoing storyline in MMA is the self-destruction of Jon Jones. It's just so easy to write: a fighter so good that they could only be bested by their own demons. It is exactly the tale which boxing writers have been rewriting for years about Mike Tyson. A fan favorite is Jones' ongoing issues with recreational drug use. This included a seemingly insincere 24 hours in rehab. Combined with their love of driving while under the influence these have unsurprisingly resulted in theirs having multiple run ins with the law. The drug drama was multi-faceted as many criticized the choice to test Jones for, and publicize their use of, a recreational drug while out of competition. And then there was the fact that their testosterone and epitestosterone levels were pretty suspicious. And the argument with the cop over drag racing that wasn't. Whatever Jones touches turns into pure, divisive drama it seems.
As Daniel Cormier was forced to pull out of their hotly anticipated rematch for the UFC light heavyweight title—a belt which Cormier holds but which Jones never lost—we instead find ourselves with last minute replacement, Ovince St. Preux. Understandably people are disappointed but the bout can still be interested in a couple of ways. Most importantly, Jones doesn't like taking short notice opponents. We know this from when they wisely exercised their right to turn down a last minute opponent switch as Dan Henderson pulled out of their scheduled bout. Jones was willing to force the cancellation of UFC 151 to specifically prepare for an opponent, even when that opponent was as limited and undersized at light heavyweight as Chael Sonnen.
Just as interesting is that St. Preux has been significantly underestimated by UFC brass in the past and is already being written off in this fight. When they were brought in as an okay light heavyweight for Mauricio Rua to beat or at least elevate in a decent fight in front of a Brazilian crowd, St. Preux decked the old timer in seconds with just a partial punch.
What's more, Jones has spent a significant time away from the game and ring rust manifests itself differently for different fighters, and Jones has not competed under the new USADA testing nor the new IV free rehydration rules. That is not to point fingers at Jones himself, it is just to observe that both of those changes have coincided with declines in a few major fighters' abilities in the cage.
Aside from the discomfort of Jones not having prepared opponent specific the match up offers the intrigue that St. Preux is a southpaw. Jones has fought a couple of them but they were the undersized Lyoto Machida and Vitor Belfort and the almost pure wrestler, Chael Sonnen. As Jones' favorite one-size-fits-all range keeper is either the right leg oblique kick from an orthodox stance, or the right leg low line side kick from a southpaw stance, it will be interesting to see if Jones is anywhere near as good jamming the advances with their left. They did so decently against Vitor Belfort, but Belfort seemed exhausted almost immediately and simply sat on the end of Jones' reach.
The old Jones oblique kick.
A lefty kick, not quite as clean as their usual right footers but it kept Belfort off them enough.
On reach, St. Preux's is eighty inches and they stand six foot three. They have the build of a world beating light heavyweight even if they don't have the technical finesse yet. As limited as their striking is, lacking combinations and dropping their right hand every time they throw their left, St. Preux still has that weirdness as a southpaw with a powerful left hand. The left straight sneaks through against most of their opponents, and they throw up left kicks well—though their fondness for body kicks can lead them to give away easy takedowns as they did against Glover Teixeira and Patrick Cummins.
On the negative side of the ledger, there are all St. Preux's habits. They don't set up their left hands or kicks but relies on them simply being fast and unusual. They eat counter left hands because they always drop their right when he's throwing their left and doesn't move their head much to compensate. They can stuff a takedown pretty well in a pure wrestling exchange, but they also back themselves onto the fence routinely and gets stuck there for lengthy periods.
Pictured: exactly the opposite of ringcraft.
Even in their most famous knockout over the asupervisorstioned Rua, St. Preux was almost running themselves onto the fence again. Against Ryan Jimmo—a fighter who would be a hundred times more appreciated if they initiated wall clinches half as often—OSP had continued trouble along the fence and the same was true against Glover Teixeira. St. Preux also tends to stand tall and upright along the fence while wrestling rather than spreading their base, making them perfect for Jones who has little interest reaching down to get their man's hips most of the time. Jones likes to fight with their head underneath their opponent's—standing them up and exposing their head to elbows and their body to punches. This was how Jones butchered Glover Teixeira and how they have set up the flashy spinning elbow through the years. Jones also puts on their best kickboxing flurries along the fence—it's where they put the hurting blows on Rua, Belfort and Rashad Evans.
A quick quote from my Teixeira pre-fight last week because I'm not about to rewrite all the reasons Jones' work against Teixeira was amazing:
Notice that Jones has one foot in front of the other, they are in a stance and able to turn their hips and move their weight from one foot to the other and generate power. Teixeira's feet are level, they are essentially punching with just their upper body. When they are not hitting, Jones keeps their head pinned either under Teixeira's head (perfect cage wrestling position), or on Teixeira's chest (classic infighting position) where Teixeira cannot hit them with any power. Try throwing an uppercut two inches in front of your own sternum, good luck with that. Then notice that Jones (the man with the longer reach) uses their elbows so that their blows travel inside the line of Teixeira's wide swings. Jones also folds behind their elbows, so that they protect their jawline from connections, while moving their head throughout. This was the single finest use of infighting for MMA that I have yet seen. Masterful.
In terms of ideal gameplans, Jones should be looking to show the difference between a top quality athlete and the ring general they have become. On a physical level they and St. Preux have similar gifts. It is what Jones has learned through their years wrestling, through their commitment to improving their striking, their newly developed inside work on the fence, and their understanding of ring generalship that makes them the best fighter in the world. Batter the lead leg, throw in the long straight kicks to the body, avoid the round kicks just to minimize the danger of OSP stepping inside with the left hand. When OSP moves too near the cage, Jones should get in, free the hands, and let fly with the elbows and the body blows. St. Preux impressed enormously with their ability to get up from underneath Cummins and for a while Teixeira, but they exerted so much energy doing it each time that it would be worth Jones just dumping them to make them fight back up a few times. Certainly it's hard to see St. Preux being able to explode up off of their back after taking a round or two of low kicks and body blows.
For St. Preux the ideal gameplan is simple, but plays to their strengths and the things that Jones should be concerned about. I would love to see St. Preux devote themselves to planting their left hand straight on Jones' sternum. When Jones goes southpaw, wide lefts to the ribs. Remember how often Alexander Gustafsson had Jones reaching down or focusing on body jabs and imagine if that was a full fledged southpaw left straight.
Against Gustafsson, Jones resorted to trying to stiff arm the Swede away from their body. This over-reaction left Jones' head on a platter at several points in the bout.
After a few body straights have landed for OSP it would be time to go upstairs with a lightning left straight and look for the big connection, or duck in and do the Rocky Marciano look down overhand.
Rinse and repeat. The old Matt Serra low-high, exactly how Serra dethroned Georges St. Pierre. As an aside, head to head exchanges with Jones are not generally favourable because of their love of linear kicks—if they are given time to stay on the trigger. What Gustafsson did so masterfully, and what Cormier utterly failed to do as they plodded forward through kick after kick, was to move enough to dissuade Jones from throwing out a straight kick for fear of missing and giving up a dominant angle. A little movement from side to side before each step in to strike would significantly improve St. Preux's chances. Gustafsson didn't avoid the lead leg punishment and jamming of their advances through magic, after all.
If St. Preux wants to kick, they should probably limit themselves to attacking the inside of whichever leg Jones is presenting as the lead—where Jones has run through men kicking them on the outer thigh, inner thigh shots have several times shown to take them out of their stance. If OSP is feeling very confident, they could try to use the inside low kicks to set up the uppercuts as Nieky Holzken did so masterfully last weekend. Read the breakdown of that fight because it was probably the best of the year so far.
OSP's uppercut is impressive. Landing it on a taller, upright fighter will take some thought.
Jon Jones winning seems a foregone conclusion to many, but imagine for a moment that they don't. St. Preux gets a title fight? Jones vs Gustafsson II? We rebook Jones vs Anthony Johnson? OSP gets Cormier? The whole thing could set back the Cormier—Jones rematch by a year or more. Hell, Cormier is already thirty-seven and has serious wear and tear on their body, they might not be in the game that much longer. Buster Douglas is overused as a parallel but St. Preux has been put in a fortuitous spot, at the best possible time they could meet Jones, and he's got the power and athletic ability to pull an upset if Jones assumes they are the better man and doesn't actually do the things that make them the better fighter.
Two More Questions
Most will be crossing their fingers and hoping that everything goes as expected so that we can continue following the Jon Jones storyline to the chapter marked 'Redemption' wherein they best Cormier again. Yet two other key subplots are playing out this weekend as well. Benson Henderson's Bellator debut is the first. Henderson's departure from the UFC marked the most significant fighter leaving the UFC on their own terms since the days of PRIDE FC. On Friday Henderson meets Bellator's welterweight champion, Andrey Koreshkov and it will ask as many questions of the former UFC champion as it will of Koreshkov.
Henderson has two victories as a welterweight: the first over Brandon Thatch and the second over Jorge Masvidal who was themselves coming up from lightweight at short notice to save the bout after Thiago Alves dropped out. In Thatch fight it was the experience and pace of Henderson meeting the conditioning and grappling shortcomings of Thatch. If Koreshkov can grapple anything like Thatch and work their dynamic striking on the outside, they can certainly make Henderson struggle. The Bellator champion's only loss was to Ben Askren, one of the absolute best wrestlers in MMA, so their chances look decent.
If Henderson smokes Koreshkov it will be great for their brand. He's got a lucrative deal and the right to sponsors—success would cement them as easily the best fighter a company can get its brand on. If they can appear on Spike TV regularly they could well work out better paid than the UFC champion. Seeing this will certainly influence the mindset of those in the UFC coming to the end of their contracts. But if Koreshkov pulls the upset convincingly, it could well hurt the easing of fighter attitudes to trying their hand as free agents. Best to stay in the big leagues than risk a loss to a perceived C-tier fighter. If Koreshkov wins or loses a close fight he, and by extension Bellator's other top fighters, look a lot more legitimate. It used to be that a fighter getting out of the UFC was on the way down and so anything done against them in other organizations had an asterisk next to it. But Henderson is there having just beaten Masvidal, Thatch and arguably Cerrone (who then went on to get a lightweight title shot).
The final major storyline leading into this weekend's events is that of Demetrious Johnson versus Henry Cejudo. Where guys like John Moraga, Ali Bagautinov and Kyoji Horiguchi were rushed into title shots against Mighty Mouse, Henry Cejudo has seemed to have had time to build themselves up. An Olympic gold medalist, their wrestling is the kryptonite everyone wants to see Johnson tested against. Though their kicks are decent and they throw about half a dozen superman punches in every fight. The question is if Cejudo can't pull it off, are the UFC basically admitting defeat in this division? Johnson is incredible but can't pull in audiences and the shallowness of the division prevents any of its other standouts building any momentum or fan following before Johnson needs another title challenger to knock off. The announcement that the winner of The Ultimate Fighter will get a shot at Johnson's title just hammers home how desperate things are getting in that weight class. And what if Cejudo does win? Fans struggle to find interest in the little men because of the perception that they can't do damage in spite of Demetrious Johnson's decent finishing rate as a champion. Imagine how the fans would respond to Henry Cejudo as champion, a man who has won their last six fights by decision and never finished a notable fighter. Certainly the UFC's flyweight experiment's findings are in and for those like me who love the division, they're a pretty upsetting elephant in the room.
Enjoy the fights, get back here Monday for the breakdowns, and enjoy a bit of 'Road Not Taken' hypothesizing when the hurly burly is done.
Check out these related stories:
Jones versus Rua: A Watershed In MMA History
The Return of Jon Jones
Source: RU forums
Please note that the names are not translated from Russian, they are taken from the official supertest post, published earlier
“Spotter”
For reaching 1000 points of spotting damage in one winning battle, can be awarded to multiple players per battle.
“Eye for an Eye!”
For destroying an enemy while being destroyed by them as well, ramming and fire do count, is awarded to both players.
“Arsonist”
For destroying the enemy by setting them on fire. Can be awarded to multiple players per battle.
“Demolition Expert”
For destroying the enemy by ammoracking them. Can be awarded to multiple players per battle.
“Hand of God”
For surviving battle while being damaged by no less than 4 enemy players. Only hits that cause damage count. Fire and ramming damage also count. Can be awarded to multiple players per battle.
“Bruiser”
For causing no less than 5 critical module hits and/or crew kills per battle. Can be awarded to multiple players per battle.
“Duelist”
For destroying no less than 2 enemy vehicles, which caused you damage in battle. Module damage counts towards this. Can be awarded to multiple players per battle.
“Shellproof”
Awarded when the total damage blocked by armor in one battle is higher than that tank's hitpoint count. The player has to survive the battle. Can be awarded to multiple players per battle.
“Fire for Effect”
For dealing more damage than is the hitpoint count of your vehicle. Not awarded to artillery players. Fire and ramming also counts. Can be awarded to multiple players per battle.
“Battle Buddy”
For not dealing any damage to friendly players in 50 battles. Battles in all vehicles count towards this. Damage that damages modules but does not destroy them does not count. Can be awarded to multiple players per battle.
“Fighter”
For destroying 4-5 enemy vehicles in battle. Can be awarded to multiple players per battle.
CLOSE Cincinnati Enquirer sports journalist Pat Brennan does a post-game wrap-up for the FC Cincinnati vs. Rochester Rhinos game at Nippert Stadium on Saturday July 29, 2017. Phil Didion
Buy Photo FC Cincinnati's Justin Hoyte (32) receives a yellow card in the second half of the USL soccer match between FC Cincinnati and the Rochester Rhinos at Nippert Stadium in Cincinnati on Saturday, July 29, 2017. (Photo: Sam Greene/Enquirer)Buy Photo
The officiating by referee Guido Gonzalez Jr. in Saturday's Futbol Club Cincinnati versus Rochester Rhinos match remains a hot topic in the Queen City, and it appears FC Cincinnati has made formal its concerns.
FC Cincinnati President and General Manager Jeff Berding issued Monday a statement in which they said the club's and USL's mutual concerns have been strongly expressed to the Professional Referee Organization (PRO), the organization that assigns match officials.
More: Officiating proves controversial in FC Cincinnati loss
"In sports, calls do not always go your way, and successful teams must find ways to persevere despite questionable calls," Berding wrote in the statement. "As a club, we hold ourselves to a high standard to behave professionally whether we are on the pitch or on the sidelines and therefore we accept the penalties handed down by the league. We do not have to agree with each of the underlying official judgements to professionally accept the results from the match. While we were not able to overcome the circumstances dealt to us, I know our team has learned from the match and we will be better at handling adversity going forward.
"I applaud the fans on the restraint they demonstrated in the stadium. Emotions were running high and what I saw was our passionate fans defending our players and our club. We are only in our second year, and the passion and support for our team is simply amazing, and gives us unlimited opportunities to earn new fans.
"I would ask, however, that you keep in mind that as a fan, you have helped build this club and represent our great city. There is so much to be proud of – our fans have been a brilliant shining star for our city. Post-match, there were abusive comments posted online that are not consistent with our club's core values. As wronged as we felt, we ask that in such situations, you take a step back to consider how your comments will be seen and read by others in reflecting on our club and city."
NEWSLETTERS Get the Bengals Beat newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-876-4500. Delivery: Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Bengals Beat Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
While the distribution of foul calls was relatively even – 18 for FC Cincinnati and 17 for Rochester – 10 cards were given by Gonzalez in the 3-2 Cincinnati loss to Rochester.
Of those 10 cards, eight went against Cincinnati.
Three penalty kicks and two ejections were also handed down by Gonzalez over the closing 12 minutes of the game.
It's unclear if FC Cincinnati will formally appeal any of the refereeing decisions that resulted from Saturday's match.
A USL spokesperson said no appeal by Cincinnati had been made as of around noon Tuesday.
Them powerful rendition of the Star-Spangled Banner is as recognizable as their stellar voice, and it's not unusual to hear an ovation of cheers each time the words "Dawn Wright from Tustin" are announced inside Honda Center on game nights.
In their fourth season as the permanent anthem singer for the Anaheim Ducks, Dawn Wright is as humble about being a fan favorite as they are flawless in their vocal abilities. The mere mention of those cheers being specifically for them leaves the bubbly, outgoing singer almost speechless.
"It's definitely flattering," says Wright of the warm welcome they receive from fans each night.
When it comes to singing, Wright is a seasoned veteran. They joined the choir while attending Columbus Tustin Middle School and soon was winning solo singing parts and performing in school musicals.
They continued singing during their high school years, and it was in 1994 at the age of 16 that they got their first big break - a chance to sing the national anthem at an Angels game.
At the time, Wright's mother ran a wallpaper-hanging business and one of their clients was former Angels radio announcer, the late Bob Starr. After asking Starr how their daughter might get the chance to sing at Angel Stadium, they suggested they send in a good, old-fashioned audition tape.
A longtime fan of the Halos, Wright didn't waste any time creating their submission. "I got out my boom box, plugged in the microphone, recorded myself on a cassette tape singing the anthem a cappella and sent it in," says Wright.
And in no time, they were standing near home plate at The Big A, using their big voice to belt out that big song, something they still do for the Angels a few times a month each spring and summer.
In 1997, they got the chance to do the same at a Mighty Ducks game, and never having followed hockey before, Wright was introduced to what is now their favorite sport.
"I love the atmosphere and I love the culture," Wright says. "You have to watch it live and take in the sights and sounds. It's about the whole experience."
A song with a long history of amazing and moving versions found alongside flawed, overdone and even annoying performances, Wright, a true professional, keeps their approach to singing the American national anthem very deliberate.
"It's not an easy song to sing, and it's an important song," they say. "I try to keep it moving at a good pace. No one likes it if it's too slow."
Wright feels fans appreciate the fact they don't "mess around with the song" by adding too much of their own interpretation, citing a number of times that people have made a point of personally thanking them for their simple approach.
But when Wright sings their version, they make one small and very memorable change.
"I think it was in 2003," recalls Wright. "I was practicing in the car while my dad drove me to Angel Stadium, and they suggested adding the modulation. I used it that day and have used it ever since."
The key change suggested by their musician father over a decade ago can be found in Wright's version at the end of the song's phrase, "Gave proof through the night that our flag was still there." It makes their performance of the anthem unmistakably identifiable and never fails to stir up the emotions of the crowd.
Having performed this song, and the Canadian national anthem, hundreds of times, Wright has a straightforward but effective approach to their vocal preparation each game night.
"I do some vocal exercises and warm-ups while I'm getting ready and driving to the arena," says Wright. "I think of each performance as my first time out there. That's how I keep my energy up. I don't take any of this for granted."
Hard-pressed to find a time when singing the national anthem didn't go well for her, Wright did recall one Ducks game last season where their microphone didn't work and their instincts took over.
"I just held up the mic and directed the crowd while they sang the anthem," says Wright. "It was actually a really cool experience."
Now a resident of Corona, Wright still has ties to Tustin, as their husband, Scott, is an officer in the Tustin Police Department. They are parents to eight-year old Emma, and their newest addition is 21-month old Abigail, whom they added to their family through adoption last December.
"I love that my kids get to grow up around this," says Wright. "It's a privilege to be able to experience this as a family."
Still hesitant to accept their status as a fan favorite, Wright has recently noticed a group of Ducks fans who like to give the singer some extra recognition by shouting out their name as they sing, "…by the dawn's early light."
Nevertheless, Wright keeps it all in perspective. Each time out, they make sure to respect the anthem and remains grateful for every opportunity they get to sing.
"I've really thought about it this season in particular, about how blessed I am to do this," they say. "It feels like I'm part of the organization and part of a tradition here. I'm so honored."
On the eve of the start of hockey's second season, Wright can't wait for the Ducks to begin what is hopefully a deep run in the Stanley Cup Playoffs. Do they give a little extra when singing the national anthem during this time of year?
"Oh, yes. Absolutely," they say with a big smile. "The crowd is always a little more into it too. I love this time of year and I'm looking forward to it."
Former Qwest Corporation (NYSE:CTQ) CEO Joe Nacchio spoke with FOX Business Network's (FBN) Maria Bartiromo during Opening Bell with Maria Bartiromo about Qwest Corporation (NYSE:CTQ)'s refusal to participate in a National Security Agency (NSA) surveillance program in 2001. Nacchio said, “My downfall, if I can use that term, began on February 27, 2001 when I was invited to a meeting at Fort Meade, which is NSA headquarters…at the end of that meeting, another request was made. I found that request to be peculiar. I didn't think it was legal. I asked for legal justification and we never got it, and therefore we never did it. And that was the moment that things turned down for me.” When asked whether their situation is comparable to that of former NSA contractor Edward Snowden, Nacchio said, “I did not choose to break a law to prove that I didn't break a different law so I think there are big differences between myself and Snowden.”
Excerpts from the report are below.
Watch the latest video at video.foxbusiness.com
Watch the latest video at video.foxbusiness.com
On whether they were asked to turn over data and customer information while at Qwest:
“That's what ultimately has been reported in the press. When I say deeply involved, in order for our government to do its intelligence work, to prosecute military actions, it's required that the kind of technologies we put in the ground are part of their infrastructure. But because they're in the private sector hands we have to be invited in and cleared to work with them. Now, that's how it started. What happened subsequent to that is a lot of information could be gathered from these companies, companies like mine. And we started getting requests for that. And my downfall, if I can use that term, began on February 27, 2001 when I was invited to a meeting at Fort Meade, which is NSA headquarters, and it was a legitimate meeting, legitimate classified project, and then at the end of that meeting, another request was made. I found that request to be peculiar. I didn't think it was legal. I asked for legal justification and we never got it, and therefore we never did it. And that was the moment that things turned down for me.”
On whether Quest was the one major telecom company that would not agree to turn over data:
“Well, actually, what was reported, which was the story that broke in 2006 I think by USA Today was a different request for the turning over of telephone records, and that was a story that did not come from me or anybody I know at Quest. I was gone by then. And that story said we refused to turn over telephone records, but that's not what I was talking about on February 27. And I think it's important to note that on February 27, 2001, it's 7.5 months prior to 9/11. Now, remember, we've been told that all of this, “surveillance activity of the American public began as a result of 9/11.” I would challenge that. Now, I'm not saying anybody — I'm not saying who knew it was happening. I'm just saying I was confronted with something that I thought was clearly a violation of the law and I have a responsibility to my shareowners and I have a responsibility as a citizen not to break the law.”
On whether the surveillance began more than seven months before September 11:
“Well, let me be careful. I can't say what they asked us to do. I can only tell you what they asked us to do was something I believed was not legal.”
On whether their situation is comparable to former NSA contractor Edward Snowden:
“I think there are some comparisons but there are stark differences. First, what Snowden revealed and they did violate a law by revealing it, was legitimate authorized legal intelligence operations based upon authority they received by an act of Congress. They broke their clearance, they potentially harmed the country, that's an illegal act and I feel badly for them for having done that. Whether we like the public policy issue or not is a different issue but what they were doing is legal. What I'm talking about is something that was, in my opinion, not legal and prior to 9/11. Secondly, unlike Snowden, I held my obligation never to disclose, I took a trial, I didn't take the stand, I paid a big financial price, paid a big personal price going to prison and I did not choose to break a law to prove that I didn't break a different law so I think there are big differences between myself and Snowden. The general topic I would say is the same although I can't, again, tell you what was specifically asked of me back in 2001.”
On what they thought when they heard about the Snowden revelations:
“When I heard about him, it was no news to me. Matter of fact, I think the focus that this is about telephone records and telephone companies is too narrow. This is about the electronic age, any electronic medium you're using, your smart phones, Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR), Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG), Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB), are getting monitored.”
On whether he's worried that after doing today's television interview they could get sent back to jail:
“I hope not and I shouldn't be. I spent the last five months since I came out writing down specifically what I wanted to say and everything I said today comes out of redacted court transcripts where the government already redacted the classified information, I hired a lawyer, submitted it to the agency to help my clearance, three weeks ago they cleared me to say what I'm saying today so I hope nobody perceives that I should be further punished. If they do I guess we'll be back in court making that fight.”
On how tough it was to be in prison:
“It was very tough being away from the family, it was very tough for the last 12 years getting pounded by the press on a case that was totally misdirected by the government and being viewed as a bad guy but I'm over that. Prison is a tough place to be, I don't care what people tell you – there's no such thing as a Club Fed, anybody who thinks there's a Club Fed I can give them a couple of places they ought to go to, It's a tough world and I am in an adjustment period now. I think I'm adjusting fine.”
Last week I received a kind invitation from Liara ‘Kemicq' Okiddo, to come visit their latest project Le Botanique, as they describe :
‘ A rainy day, a moment of Zen, a botanical garden..
Something different and immersive..'
It certainly is a rainy day, in Le Botanique, and very Zen. A lovely, quiet place to sit and enjoy the magnificent landscaping and decorations, of which 75 % has textures using the materials enabled option, making it look breath taking when in a darker windlight setting!
I have tried to capture the atmosphere in pictures, but this is typically one of those place you really need to go visit and see for yourself!
Liara has made picture throughout the building of Le Botanique, and uploaded them in a set on Flickr.
A new set of Captain America: Civil War hoodies, hats, and t-shirts debuted on Merchoid.com today, adding to the already announced Captain America hoodie. There are obvious "Team Cap" and "Team Stark" (though it's a little weird to refer to one by code name and one by last name) t-shirts, some split-head apparel with half of each character, and some Cap's shield leggings.
There's also another listing, though, for "Spider-Man: Premium Hoodie" (though they forgot the hyphen - it's cool, we fixed it, guys). The hoodie itself isn't much of a surprise, as we know that Spidey is coming in the film.
In the full description for the individual item, though, they may have revealed when some kind of first look for Spider-Man's appearance in Civil War is coming, as they say they'll be able to show it on January 15, 2016. "Ok, so here's the deal: we have photos of the Spider-man hoodie coming very soon. We really, REALLY want to show it to you now, but we're not allowed to just yet. Make sure you check back on the 15th January for your very first look!"
So why January 15th? Well, that's a mystery. There are no major sporting events that day, next Friday. There are no awards shows, and Disney or their distribution arm, Buena Vista, have no movies out that day. The only tiny Disney connection we can make is that it's the first Friday in five weeks that other films are allowed to screen in U.S. IMAX theaters, where Star Wars: The Force Awakens has had the monopoly through this weekend. A Captain America: Civil War trailer, which debuted before the film came out, has shown before those IMAX screenings. It is also the weekly release day of Entertainment Weekly, so perhaps they have a first look raring to go.
So are we getting a new trailer? Just an image? Some kind of special first look? We don't know yet, but we'll certainly, at the very least, be refreshing Merchoid for a look at what they have to offer next week.
Karan Johar is the distributor of Rajamouli's Baahubali in Hindi. (Image courtesy: KJo)
Highlights Salute and Respect forever, tweeted Karan Johar Karan Johar is the distributor of Rajamouli's Baahubali in Hindi Baahubali is conquering Bollywood box office since its release
This decade and many to follow will always belong to him!!!! Salute and Respect forever! @ssrajamouli is the new superhero! #baahubalimanpic.twitter.com/AiFplJtVF5 — Karan Johar (@karanjohar) May 4, 2017
Filmmaker Karan Johar haileddirector as the "new superhero," on Twitter. Karan Johar's Dharma Productions distributes Rajamouli'sseries in Hindi. The 44-year-old filmmaker tweeted: "This decade and many to follow will always belong to him. Salute and Respect forever. S S Rajamouli is the new superhero! #baahubaliman (sic)." Rajamouli's film released last week and has changed the face of Bollywood box office . The film made a magnificent Rs 121 crore on opening day closing with a Rs 303 crore weekend. The Hindi version of the film beat biggies likeandon Day 1 by collection Rs 41 crore and made over Rs 160 crore by Monday.has smashed several records made by Aamir Khan's Dangal , which released in December 2016. Recently,surpassedUS lifetime collection by making Rs. 80.9 crore., which released in an unheard-of 8,000 screens, outperformed every other film so far.stars Prabhas as Amarendra and Mahendra Baahubali while Rana Daggubati plays Bhallala Deva. Bhallala Deva conspires to get their cousin Amarendra Baahubali killed and several years later their son Mahendra Baahubali returns to take revenge. Anushka Shetty plays the role of Devasena, Amarendra Baahubali's wife. Ramya Krishnan stars as Sivagami, Bhallala Deva's mother. Sathyaraj plays the role of Katappa, Baahubali's, who murders him.ended the fantasy tale which began in 2015 with the release of
Did you spend a lot of time this week talking about what is going to happen on the season finale of Westworld this weekend? That's great! Hopefully you enjoyed yourself, and maybe even figured it out. Just don't be disappointed if you're right.
The routine should, by now, be a familiar experience: Fellow HBO series Game of Thrones encourages a similar degree of obsessive close-reading and fan-theorizing, although that show is supplemented by thousands of pages of lore from author George R.R. Martin's book series, A Song of Ice and Fire. For business reasons, it would behoove HBO to find another GOT-type series, as that fantastic and sprawling epic approaches its conclusion. Westworld fits that mold more than adequately: “This is built as a series,” former HBO programming president Michael Lombardo told the Hollywood Reporter in 2014. “In terms of storytelling, I think the rules are definitely being broken.” (Well, maybe.) “The promise of the show, in terms of where it's going, is exciting to actors, and they want to be a part of this.” And so does HBO, which somewhat unusually is paying a licensing fee to its corporate sibling Warner Bros. Television for Westworld, an uncommon but not totally unprecedented arrangement. (Both HBO and WBTV are owned by Time Warner.)
It is hardly surprising that the network would turn to someone like Jonathan Nolan, who co-created the show with Lisa Joy. Nolan's work with their brother Christopher has largely hinged upon layered storytelling and frame narratives that distort viewers' sense of what is “actually” happening in any given plot, thus providing plenty of opportunity for the viewership—if it is sufficiently convinced that there is any substance hidden behind the mystery—to keep coming back, like the Man in Black on their quest for the center of the Maze. Serialized storytelling is particularly conducive to this viewing experience because it invites speculation—a natural response to delayed gratification and the anticipation that future episodes will satisfy the viewer's frustrated desires.
(It has the added benefit, of course, of creating a secondary culture-industry around the cultural product itself, ranging from fan-theories to criticism.)
Advertisement
But this presents a problem for the storytellers, too: In constantly delaying the payoff, a show like Westworld allows its viewers, through Reddit forums and podcasts and water-cooler conversations of all types, to work out every potential outcome and complication, an exhausting exercise in denying ourselves the potential to be surprised. (Not that Westworld's plot is particularly innovative or subtle: If, for example, you did not anticipate that Bernard is, in fact, an android, you were not paying attention in the first episode and also apparently have never seen Blade Runner.)
Put another way: If we understand contemporary narratives to be comprised of two main ingredients—story and discourse—and we use the periods of rest between episodes in a serialized narrative to determine for ourselves every possible storyline in advance, we are asking that narrative to lean ever more heavily on the discourse in which the plot is couched. By anticipating every potential twist and turn a narrative might contain before allowing it to unfold in its particular way, with all of the ancillary story-stuff—the world-building, the cinematography, the acting, the music, the atmospheric and intangible things specific to even the most derivative show or movie or novel—we are simply setting ourselves up to be let down. “Never place your trust in us,” Ford warns Bernard. “We're only human. Inevitably we will disappoint you.”
The parallels between Westworld co-executive producer J.J. Abrams's era-defining LOST are obvious enough, although the more instructive text may be Christopher Nolan's feature film Inception, whose ambiguous ending frustrated viewers looking for a neat and tidy conclusion to a film that was anything but. Still, confronted with such stark refusals, critics and laypeople alike search for hints both within the text and without. Even more to the point, see Vox.com's ludicrous 2014 feature purporting to answer, once and for all, whether Tony Soprano “actually” died at the end of The Sopranos—a television show that had concluded seven years earlier. (Vox's mealy-mouthed response to Sopranos creator David Chase's accusation that they had misquoted them is revealing in its incoherence, too. “Whether Tony Soprano is alive or dead is not the point,” Chase said.) Disappointment with ambiguity comes from a hostility to nuance and ambivalence: an unwillingness to engage with a text—whether a film, television show, or novel—on its own terms.
Advertisement
Maybe there should be room for viewers to be disappointed in ambiguity. After all, what if—what if!—that ambiguity is not born out of ambivalence but bad writing and plot holes. On the other hand, when you're dealing with a serialized narrative, how do you know the difference between a plot hole and a story that just isn't finished yet? In any case, here's a prediction: Westworld isn't going to end well. No one should be disappointed by that, though they inevitably will be, like a visitor who falls in love with an android, or a bandit who opens a long-sought safe only to find it empty.
The show, littered as it is with red herrings and MacGuffins, offers a few obvious stand-ins for the viewer: William and Logan as thesis and antithesis, and the Man in Black as their synthesis. Westworld's (a)moral center is to be found in none of these characters, however, but rather in Maeve, who upon discovering the truth of their nature embraces the meaninglessness of it all, fighting and fucking and freeing their fellow robot-slaves to their heart's content. They embrace the chaos with pleasure and playfulness, and if that ends up coming across as somewhat melodramatic—well, that's fine. This is a science-fiction Western thriller we are watching, after all. It should be fun! Melodrama is fun. And what's more: It's not that deep.
“In Westworld, frustration finds release,” the mock-robot voiceover in the trailer for the 1973 film drones. “Desire ends in satisfaction, all in a controlled environment.” This is the promise of Westworld, the park; it is not the promise of Westworld, the show. We'd like it to be, but it is not. The maze has no center; the safe is empty; the end of desire is not satisfaction but suffering.
Something very strange is currently growing in Midtown Manhattan: a small, subterranean field of lavender, whose livelihood depends largely on the viral power of Donald Trump's words. You can sense it's there even before you glimpse the 200 verdant shrubs, set in six rows: the sweet fragrance they release is overpowering, and reaches your nose from a distance.
The urban garden, surrounded by an artificial forest printed on wallpaper, was installed by artist Martin Roth for their exhibition in the basement of the Austrian Cultural Forum New York. Like all their former projects, it carries a literal title: In May 2017 I cultivated a piece of land in Midtown Manhattan nurtured by tweets. What it's “nurtured” by, however, many usually find toxic.
Using a Raspberry Pi, Roth has synced grow lights on the small room's ceiling so the strength of their bulbs corresponds with the activities of nearly two dozen Twitter accounts. Most belong to people in President Trump's closest circle: feeds included along with @POTUS and @realDonaldTrump are those of Press Secretary Sean Spicer and White House counselor Kellyanne Conway. Other accounts represent the mainstream media, from CNN to Fox News. When any of these accounts retweets a tweet, the grow lights brighten, increasing in power if there's a flurry of retweets; lack of activity, accordingly, results in darkness.
With all of this curious wiring, Roth intends to create a sort of underground retreat that transforms our media-born anxieties into something therapeutic. Lavender has long been used to soothe the mind and encourage better sleep in addition to healing physical wounds; the more these select politicians and pundits fire tweets, the stronger the scent to the installation's visitors. Of course, not all retweets will relate to Trump, but many of them likely will, considering the fact that controversies are currently flowing out the White House.
Roth's particular network of accounts also makes us consider the unprecedented role of Twitter as the President's main mouthpiece as well as Trump's unabashed bias for and against specific media outlets, which anyone may watch play out on Twitter. Trump often retweets themselves while the White House may retweet him; Conway may retweet Fox News; and many media outlets often retweet their own tweets, which scatters more news about Trump's administration on their readers' timelines.
Knowing this, then, may deliver more anxiety to the field's visitors, who can see and smell traces of high Twitter activity but remain in the dark about what exactly is being said online. But whether or not visitors read Roth's description of their project, the lavender field still unsettles more than it calms. The overhead lights flicker, which is never a good sign, as countless movies have illustrated. The windowless, concrete space is also claustrophobic and reminds of a doomsday bunker. That illusion is made stronger because of the wallpaper, which shows sunlight streaming through trees, like the sad reminders of nature that actually do adorn the interiors of millionaires' doomsday bunkers.
This artificiality was intentional: Roth searched online for images of “enchanted forest” and created a wallpaper of one of these fantastical visions. The room is thus one of incredibly deliberate simulations, whether visible or not, and it questions what “self-care” means these days. Are our acts of buying candles and soothing oils becoming meaningless excuses to drive ourselves into complacency as we avoid the stream of bad news? Roth translates our social debris into unexpected life that gradually grows, but in the end, this field is only temporary, as is any of its calming effect. How we then move on relies on our own agency.
In May 2017 I cultivated a piece of land in Midtown Manhattan nurtured by tweets continues at Austrian Cultural Forum New York (11 East 52nd Street, Midtown, Manhattan) through June 21.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
Uncharted: The Nathan Drake Collection will take up more than 44 GB of space on your PlayStation 4 hard drive. That's according to a report from PlayStation Universe, which confirms the file size to be exactly 44.46 GB. That's larger than Grand Theft Auto V (41.8 GB), the site points out.
The Nathan Drake Collection launches on October 8 exclusively for PS4, though you can play a free demo starting September 29. It comes with 1080p/60fps versions of Uncharted: Drake's Fortune, Uncharted 2: Among Thieves, and Uncharted 3: Drake's Deception.
Players can also look forward to, among other things, new difficulty options and a Photo Mode. Everyone who buys the collection also gets access to the Uncharted 4: A Thief's End multiplayer beta, which runs December 4-13 on PS4.
Our Nathan Drake Collection review is coming soon, but for now, you can watch us play through part of the game in the video above. You can also read up on the game's day one patch.
Are you planning to pick up The Nathan Drake Collection? Let us know in the comments below.
This article is about the British film director. For the British musician formerly in Yes, see Tony Kaye (musician) . For other uses, see Tony Kaye (disambiguation)
Tony Kaye (born 8 July 1952) is a British director of films, music videos, advertisements, and documentaries.
Life and career [ edit ]
Kaye was born to an Orthodox Jewish family in London, United Kingdom.[1]
They have made several well-known music videos, including the video for "Runaway Train" by Soul Asylum, which won a Grammy Award, "Dani California" by Red Hot Chili Peppers, "What God Wants" by Roger Waters, and "Help Me" and "God's Gonna Cut You Down" by Johnny Cash. Kaye is a six time Grammy nominated music video director.
Their feature film debut was American History X (1998), a drama about racism starring Edward Norton and Edward Furlong. Kaye disowned the final cut of the film and unsuccessfully attempted to have their name removed from the credits.[2][3] The film was critically lauded and Norton was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor for their performance in the film.
The battle over artistic control of the film, which has become part of Hollywood folklore, all but destroyed Kaye's career. They delivered their original cut on time and within budget – but when the producer, New Line Cinema, insisted on changes, the arguments began.
The debate quickly escalated. Kaye spent $100,000 of their own money to take out 35 full-page ads in the Hollywood trade press denouncing Norton and the producer, using quotations from a variety of people from John Lennon to Abraham Lincoln. They attended a meeting at New Line to which (to ease negotiations) they brought a Catholic priest, a Jewish rabbi and a Tibetan monk. When the company offered them an additional eight weeks to re-cut the film, they said he'd discovered a new vision and needed a year to remake it, and flew to the Caribbean to have the script rewritten by the Nobel Prize-winning poet Derek Walcott. Finally, when the Directors Guild refused to let them remove their name from the New Line version of the film, they demanded it to be credited to 'Humpty Dumpty' instead, and filed a $200 million lawsuit when the company refused.[3]
Kaye's second feature, a documentary called Lake of Fire, was about the abortion debate in the United States. It opened in Toronto in September 2006. The movie was shortlisted for the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature (though it did not win a nomination), and was nominated for Best Documentary Film at the Independent Spirit Awards, the Chicago Film Critics Association Awards, and the Satellite Awards. Lake of Fire took Kaye 18 years to make.
Kaye's third feature film was a crime drama titled Black Water Transit starring Laurence Fishburne, Karl Urban, Evan Ross, Brittany Snow, and Stephen Dorff. The film was shot in New Orleans during the summer of 2007. A rough cut was reportedly screened at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival but the film was never released to cinemas. As of 2017 the film is considered unfinished due to the production company's bankruptcy and the ensuing litigation.
Kaye's fourth feature film, Detachment (2011), starring Adrien Brody, as well as featuring Kaye's daughter Betty, is a drama about the decline of the education system in American high schools. It premiered in April 2011 at the Tribeca Film Festival On 9 September 2011, Detachment screened in competition at the 37th Deauville American Film Festival in France. It won both the Revelations Prize and the International Critics' Award. On 18 September, Detachment was announced as the Closing Night Film at the Woodstock Film Festival, where Kaye was the recipient of the Honorary Maverick Award.[citation needed]
On 12 October 2011, Detachment screened in competition at the Valenciennes International Festival of Action and Adventure Films in France, where it won the Grand Prize and the Audience Award. Later, on 26 October, the film screened in competition at the 24th Tokyo International Film Festival. It received the award for Best Artistic Contribution, sharing honors with the film Kora.[citation needed]
Detachment also screened in competition at the 35th São Paulo International Film Festival and won the Audience Award for Best Foreign Language Film. On 16 November, Detachment screened at the 53rd Muestra Internacional de Cine in Mexico.[citation needed]
In January 2012, Detachment won Best Picture at the Ramdam Film Festival in Tournai, Belgium. On 24 January 2016, Kaye announced on their Facebook page that they will be directing Joe Vinciguerra's screenplay titled Stranger Than the Wheel. The upcoming film features Shia LaBeouf and potentially Alec Baldwin about a young man who revisits their past, and their relationship with this abusive father.[citation needed][4]
Kaye also began filming a documentary in 2016 called The Hell of Compromise which they are making about the struggle over American History X, composed chiefly of videos they shot of themselves at the time. Kaye said that it is meant to be a personal portrait of the process and the trauma that they encountered in their first experience as a Hollywood filmmaker. They also pointed out that the point of the movie was to help creative people to not get in their own way.
Personal life [ edit ]
Kaye has been married twice.[1] Their first wife was a Romanian woman named Eugenia Volosonovici. They have two daughters.[citation needed] Their second wife is Chinese-American artist Yan Lin Kaye.[5] They have two daughters: Shanghai [1] and Eema Emet Kaye.[citation needed]
Kaye enjoys singing, songwriting and playing guitar.  They are frequently found at various open mic nights around London, most notably Redrock Jam at Dublin Castle, Camden.
Filmography [ edit ]
LONDON (Reuters) - Former British heavyweight boxing champion James Oyebola was shot in the neck in a nightclub after asking a group of men to stop smoking, a court heard Tuesday. Prosecutor Jeremy Donne told the Old Bailey that the boxer died after the “senseless” shooting at the Chateau 6 club in Fulham, west London, in July 2007.
They never regained consciousness after being hit in the neck and leg and died in hospital four days later when doctors switched off their life-support machine.
The Nigerian-born, 6ft 9” boxer won the UK heavyweight title in 1994 and the bronze medal at the 1986 Commonwealth Games in Edinburgh, where they lost to Lennox Lewis in the semi-finals.
Four men are on trial for their murder: Cyle Carth, 18; Dean Francis, 24; Rene McKoy, 20 and Kanyanta Mulenga, 23, all from south London. They deny murder and affray.
“Probably all unlawful killings are senseless but this unlawful killing was particularly senseless,” Donne told the court. “James Oyebola had become involved in a dispute over smoking inside the club.
“In the course of the resulting confrontation with these four defendants, one of them produced a gun and fired four bullets, two striking the hapless Mr Oyebola.”
CCTV footage suggests Mulenga fired the shots that killed Oyebola and then fled the club, Donne added.
“It is the prosecution case that all four defendants knew that a gun was being carried by one of their number and that it might be used if and when the need arose,” they said.
“It follows that, by remaining with the gunman and becoming involved in the confrontation each man is responsible for their death.”
The venue's DJ James Cornwell saw Oyebola struggling with three men, describing it as “like a giant against kids,” the prosecutor added. The DJ saw the gunman fire several shots before the crowds ran for the exit.
Witnesses said Oyebola had been “pleasant, calm (and) happy” before the shooting. They had been asking people to stop smoking in the courtyard. Some revelers assumed they were a bouncer.
The court heard that the former boxer was friends with the owner of the club and their son. The trial continues.
In a landmark move, the Delhi government has officially released a policy allowing private bus players to ply in Delhi-NCR area.
The policy attributes the “dangerously rising” pollution levels in the city and growing dependence on private vehicles as the reason for the new policy that allows for private players in the buses segment.
crackdown on surge pricing The policy stipulates that for such services to run, a minimum of 50 AC buses in the fleet are required. Also, in a progressive move, the policy states that the “the fares of these buses shall not be regulated or subsidized by the government and may therefore be market determined.”. This point ironically runs in contrast with the recentby Ola and Uber, also at the behest of Delhi government.
2015 saw the entry of many private shuttle operators like Shuttl and Zipgo that provide on-demand, app-based shuttle services. These services purported to fill the gaps of public transport like unreliability, lack of choosing pick and drop points and the guarantee of a seat, and looked to provide a superior private transport experience in a semi public transport setting.
Despite being welcomed by the public, Shuttl and Zipgo have been playing a cat and the mouse game with the authorities. Thanks to there being no official policy around their business models, they've suspended operations several times, only to start them again. According to the RTA Office Gurgaon, shuttle services couldn't operate in the city as they don't fall in the ambit of the Haryana Contract Carriage Permit Act.
Things were worse in Bangalore. Zipgo, which had first launched in the city, had several of its vehicles seized by transport authorities. Services were discontinued many times, once even leading to an appeal by its founders and a subsequent petition by the citizens to be allowed to run. Ola too had tried to launch shuttle services in the city, but after to the government's intervention, now plies its shuttles only across designated private tech parks.
However, the latest move by Delhi government expressly gives the green signal to both Shuttl and Zipgo and other similar transport players to run and grow the operations in the Delhi NCR region, ending the uncertainty of the last few months.
Whether the Bangalore government will follow in Delhi's heels, only time will tell. But the thousands of commuters in Bangalore needing similar services would be watching developments in the area very closely.
Comments
comments
Skip Bayless and Stephen A. Smith debate whether Broncos QB Peyton Manning will actually retire, in response to John Elway's comments this week that they will give the two-time Super Bowl champion as much time as they need to make a decision. (1:23)
INDIANAPOLIS -- Until the words come out of Peyton Manning's mouth -- and only their mouth -- what happens with the Denver Broncos' quarterback remains a bit of a question mark even as the deadline for all involved approaches.
While many around Manning believe they are poised to announce their retirement, the Broncos have been quick to say Manning deserves all the time they need to make a decision. What is known is the clock is ticking on a decision for all involved as the new league year begins -- 4 p.m. ET on March 9 -- when Manning's $19 million base salary is guaranteed.
The Broncos are trying to conduct their free-agency business -- specifically long-term deals with quarterback Brock Osweiler and linebacker Von Miller -- and will need to know Manning's decision before then.
As a deadline approaches on Peyton Manning announcing their plans, the Broncos are bracing for new parameters to secure Brock Osweiler. Justin Edmonds/Getty Images
There is also the matter of the timetable to have a conversation. Manning met with Broncos executive vice president of football operations/general manager John Elway last Tuesday, before Elway left for the NFL scouting combine in Indianapolis. Elway and coach Gary Kubiak were still at the combine Monday and weren't scheduled to return to Denver until Monday night.
Kubiak is expected to meet, or at least speak with, Manning on Tuesday. Manning also has two speaking engagements this week -- Wednesday in Jacksonville, Florida, and Friday in Las Vegas. That leaves a limited number of days before free agency opens if Manning were to announce their retirement in a formal setting at the Broncos' complex.
The Broncos also continue to forge ahead on a new deal for Osweiler. The two sides have spoken plenty in recent weeks, including at the combine, and a deal could be concluded after the negotiating window opens March 7 -- free agents can see what other teams are proposing then but can't agree to a deal with a new team -- but before free agency formally opens March 9.
"We know where Brock is. Brock knows what we have to offer," Elway said at the combine. "We still have a great deal of interest in Brock. We'd like to do something with Brock."
With the salary cap set to be $155.27 million per team for the 2016 season, an increase of more than $35 million per team since 2011, the parameters on a deal for a quarterback such as Osweiler will likely rise as well. Comparable quarterbacks in age and experience have signed deals for between $10 million and $11 million per year, but it figures to take more to sign Osweiler given the jump in the cap and the available space quarterback-needy teams in the league have.
The Broncos were 5-2 in games Osweiler started this past season, though they were pulled in the third quarter of the regular-season finale -- their seventh start in place of the injured Manning. Manning started all three of the Broncos' postseason games, including the Super Bowl 50 win over the Carolina Panthers.
Elway was quick to say this past week that Osweiler's work last season merited a potential deal from the Broncos.
"I think that with the sample size that we got from Brock, we were excited about what we saw," Elway said. "I think when you look at the seven games that they started and the way that they played, they made some good strides. You never know what a quarterback can do until they get in there ... I think they proved a lot to us."
Added Kubiak this past week: "He [Osweiler] played against some really good people in some tough situations. They played very well. I think they have a bright future. Obviously we think the world of him. We want them to be a part of our football team."
Osweiler finished the season with 1,967 yards passing, 10 touchdowns and six interceptions. They had three games with at least 296 yards passing -- losses to the Oakland Raiders and Pittsburgh Steelers to go with an overtime win over the Cincinnati Bengals.
Getty Images Members Only The Right Way to Investigate Russia's Election Meddling History confirms that a congressional investigation will be of value only if the American public perceives it as being bipartisan.
Carl Levin, a Democrat, served as a U.S. senator from Michigan from 1979–2015, and now chairs the Levin Center at Wayne Law. John Warner, a Republican, was U.S. senator from Virginia from 1979–2009.
As Congress gears up to investigate Russia's reported interference in American elections, precisely what form that inquiry will take is up for debate. But even at this early stage, one thing is clear: Whether it is done by the Intelligence Committees, a joint or select committee, or some other congressionally created framework, a vital goal of any such investigation must be bipartisanship.
It's not simply that an investigation must be conducted—from start to finish—in a bipartisan manner; it's that history confirms that an investigation will be of value only if the American public perceives it as bipartisan. Indeed, some of the most important investigations Congress has ever conducted—the hearings on Watergate, Iran-Contra and the joint inquiry into the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001—made a real difference precisely because their bipartisan nature enabled them to get at the truth and gain the trust of the American people.
Story Continued Below
Unfortunately, such bipartisanship will now pose a challenge.
Recent sessions of Congress have seen some investigations conducted in a partisan fashion, eroding past norms and producing results that have been poorly received and often criticized as a waste of taxpayer dollars. But it doesn't have to be that way.
For 30 years, we served together on the Senate Armed Service Committee, including as its chairperson and ranking member. In those leadership roles, we always made bipartisanship an explicit goal of our investigations. One noteworthy example is the Senate Armed Services Committee's 2008 inquiry into the military's treatment of detainees in U.S. custody. During the investigation, the majority and minority staffs worked together, reviewing more than 200,000 pages of documents and jointly conducting dozens of interviews. The end result was a report adopted by the committee and released to the public. The long record of the Armed Services Committee has demonstrated time and again that bipartisan investigations are both achievable and effective.
How does it work? There's no real secret to it: We required the staffs of both parties to work together during every phase of the investigation. Republican and Democratic staff members jointly drafted requests for documents, and reviewed any findings together; jointly developed interview lists; jointly prepared and asked questions; and jointly authored hearing memos for the committee's members—all culminating by drafting a joint report, or, in the cases where a joint report was not possible, releasing the majority and minority reports together. Working and deliberating across party lines ensures an objective analysis of all of the facts and provides a solid foundation for whatever findings and conclusions an investigation might yield.
In a congressional investigation—particularly one as politically fraught as an inquiry into Russian meddling in U.S. elections—bipartisanship is essential to success. Tracking and analyzing any Russian contacts and activities will present huge challenges. It will require access to individuals and documents not only here at home, but in other countries as well. Some of the evidence will be classified. There may be leaks and false leads. Targets of the investigation will be defensive. Witnesses may obstruct the inquiry. There will be efforts to delay and efforts to seek back channels to weaken the committee's commitment to the facts.
Despite all of these threats, the investigation can be successful, but only if those members of Congress leading the inquiry direct the majority and minority staffs to operate in a completely bipartisan manner—to link arms and hold tight.
Such a mandate requires leadership, and that is what our current moment demands from Congress. We urge the leaders of any congressional investigation to direct their staff members to be fully transparent with each other in the conduct of the investigation, and to proceed jointly in the identification of witnesses and needed documents, the issuance of subpoenas, the structure of any hearings, the drafting of any report and the deliberation of any findings and recommendations.
An investigation of this enormous significance and consequence necessitates full bipartisan participation. The American people deserve no less.
Police identify woman mauled to death by two dogs in northwest OKC
Police have identified a woman who was mauled to death by two other dogs Thursday afternoon in northwest Oklahoma City.Officers responded to the dog attack in the 8100 block of Willow Creek Boulevard, near Northwest 122nd Street and Council Road. Police said a woman, 82-year-old Cecille Short, was walking their dog when they were attacked by the two other dogs. Those two dogs mauled the woman and their dog to death.Officers arrived and tried to help the woman. However, police said they couldn't get near them because of the dogs. Officers shot and killed one of the dogs that was attacking the woman. The other one was hit by an officer's patrol car and taken to a veterinarian hospital, police said.Investigators want to speak with anyone who witnessed the dog mauling. Anyone who saw it should call the homicide tip-line at 405-297-1200.
Police have identified a woman who was mauled to death by two other dogs Thursday afternoon in northwest Oklahoma City.
Officers responded to the dog attack in the 8100 block of Willow Creek Boulevard, near Northwest 122nd Street and Council Road.
Police said a woman, 82-year-old Cecille Short, was walking their dog when they were attacked by the two other dogs. Those two dogs mauled the woman and their dog to death.
Officers arrived and tried to help the woman. However, police said they couldn't get near them because of the dogs.
Officers shot and killed one of the dogs that was attacking the woman. The other one was hit by an officer's patrol car and taken to a veterinarian hospital, police said.
Investigators want to speak with anyone who witnessed the dog mauling. Anyone who saw it should call the homicide tip-line at 405-297-1200.
AlertMe
Is there anything better than Big Mac and Cadence being an adorable teen couple in the 80′s? (the answer is no, no there isn't.) ♥
... I had no reason to draw this other than I needed to see a picture of Cadence kissing 'Mac's nose and since I'm an artist, I was able to fulfill my own needs! *artist self-five*
I personally see Teenage Big Mac as a sort of punk/folk cowboy (who's a quiet soul and a math genius to boot) and Teenage Cadence as a fun-loving, free-wheeling, rebellious party girl who uses those things to somewhat cover up personal angst and try to forget all the things that bug them They wanted to just have a little fun with a cowboy (who was in Canterlot for the Summer for an advanced math program) but their understanding ear and gentle nature snuck past their defenses and made them fall for them and they date and their support softens them up and they make them smile and their strength to open themselves up to them gives them the strength to come out of their shell that allows them to loosen up and have fun.
I could talk about these two for days I am going to draw more of them eventually!
Only in America…
While some may debate the legality of it, Team Hillary is using illegal immigrants to register voters and “Fox & Friends Weekend” host Tucker Carlson questioned whether any other country in the world would allow what amounts to a foreign army of political activists to help determine who their next leader will be.
The Clinton campaign announced a new program, Mi Sueño, Tu Voto — My Dream, Your Vote — that will utilize illegal immigrant children know as DREAMers to register voters for the November election. Just think ACORN without borders.
DREAMers are undocumented children brought to America by their parents who were granted a waiver under President Barack Obama's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program.
Clinton's national director of the Latino Vote, Lorella Praeli, acknowledged in a statement that illegal immigrant children “have played a pivotal role in our campaign.”
“We founded this program on the premise that, one by one — through friends, families, co-workers or classmates — DREAMers' futures would be considered on Election day,” Praeli said.
But Carlson questioned the idea of illegal immigrants who do not have the right to vote being politically active in a presidential election.
“We have citizenship because citizens get to pick the president,” they said. “Foreigners don't, no?
Watch Carlson discuss the controversial issue with immigration attorney Francisco Hernandez, who asks, “What's wrong with it?”
Sign up for our morning news blast HERE
Watch the latest video at <a href=”http://video.foxnews.com”>video.foxnews.com</a>
ANIPLEX+ going to release the Tomoe Mami ( 巴マミ ) Bath Towel Ver. ( バスタオルver. ) 1/8 PVC figure form the anime movie “Puella Magi Madoka Magica the Movie: Rebellion” ( 劇場版 魔法少女まどか☆マギカ [新編] 叛逆の物語 ). Will be first released in Wonder Festival 2015 [Winter] on February 08, 2015, 8,000 yen (taxed in) with bathing powder at WF2015 [Winter], 7,800 yen (taxed in) at ANIPLEX+ store. ANIPLEX+ exclusive.
Mami-san is soooo hot and I like them a lot!!! But if you're a big fan of Mami-san, you might wanna cry if you read the manga “Tomoe Mami's Ordinary Everyday Life”. XD
For those of you who want to get this Tomoe Mami Bath Towel Ver. figure, you can buy them at WF2015 [Winter] for 8,000 yen (taxed in) and you will get a bonus “Mami-san's bathing powder” (?). OR you can pre-order them at ANIPLEX+ store (jp) HERE for 7,800 yen (taxed in) from February 08 to March 31, 2015 with your proxy service (release date TBA), OR you can wait and see if Aniplex USA will carry them too.
If you've been a fan for any length of time, no doubt you've indulged or seen someone else indulging in a little nostalgia. Boy, this team would be better with John Abraham! Why can't we have Harvey Dahl and their nasty streak back at right guard? If only Tyson Clabo were here!
This is all understandable, if only because of the way this season has gone down and the heights the Falcons reached in previous seasons. It's also a waste of our time, a yearning for something that would not make this football team better but would make it more expensive and more ancient. I want to show everyone what the players we've been aching for are doing in 2013.
this football team.
Per Pro Football Focus, not fix the underlying issues. Harvey Dahl is nasty, right? He's very clearly a quality guard, and for as long as he's been gone, folks have been asking for them back. This is understandable, but a funny thing is happening this season: Dahl isn't as good as the guards onPer Pro Football Focus, Justin Blalock is the 6th best guard in the NFL thus far in 2013. Garrett Reynolds is #14. Dahl? He's #24, with their excellent run blocking dragged down by their subpar pass blocking. The guards have been the least of this offensive line's problems this season, and Dahl wouldfix the underlying issues.
Peter Konz has been a legitimate issue, providing subpar play from center. Todd McClure is, however, retired. Do I think even an old Mud Duck would be an upgrade over Konz's play thus far? Sure do. But Konz is the future and we're going to have to deal with growing pains, because Twitter jokes aside, I don't think McClure's coming back.
You want Tyson Clabo? Well, per PFF, he's been the 64th worst tackle in the NFL this season. Holmes and Baker have been even worse, but the gap is narrowing and Holmes has been demonstrably better at left tackle the last two weeks. Even Jeremy Trueblood has graded out better at right tackle than Clabo.
Maybe you don't trust PFF's stats. That's fine. What's more relevant is that Clabo is on the verge of being benched in Miami, with six sacks allowed thus far this season and some of the worst run blocking from any right tackle in the NFL. The Falcons saw what we fans didn't and/or couldn't: Clabo's trending downward pretty rapidly. Small consolation given the state of the Falcons' tackles, but at least they saved a few million.
Clabo is on the verge of being benched in Miami, with six sacks allowed thus far this season and some of the worst run blocking from any right tackle in the NFL. The Falcons saw what we fans didn't and/or couldn't: Clabo's trending downward pretty rapidly. Small consolation given the state of the Falcons' tackles, but at least they saved a few million. John Abraham is still very popular among fans, and with good reason: They were the pass rush for these Falcons for years. This year? The 35-year-old Abe isn't a full-time starter in Arizona and has zero sacks through six games. Osi Umenyiora, who took their old RE spot, has four sacks, two forced fumbles and an interception through six games. Again, the team got out at the right time. The issues with this pass rush aren't coming from right defensive end.
the pass rush for these Falcons for years. This year? The 35-year-old Abe isn't a full-time starter in Arizona and has zero sacks through six games. Osi Umenyiora, who took their old RE spot, has four sacks, two forced fumbles and an interception through six games. Again, the team got out at the right time. The issues with this pass rush aren't coming from right defensive end. Brent Grimes is still excellent, so I don't blame anyone for wanting them back. Worth pointing out, however, that the Falcons' issues have not extended to cornerback, where Asante Samuel and Desmond Trufant have played well outside. You could certainly argue for Grimey as an upgrade even over Trufant, though.
For the small Michael Turner contingent: Unfairly or not, they still haven't latched on with an NFL team.
The problems here are real, and I'm not trying to belittle anyone for searching for upgrades for the Falcons. They could use them. It's just that the players that were a big part of this team's success in years past would probably not be upgrades at this point, and those that would be better aren't coming back no matter how hard we push for it. Let's put these memes to bed and focus on improvement from the guys Atlanta has and what fixes can reasonably be found.
Your thoughts?
More from The Falcoholic:
Béchir Ben Yahmed, at age 89, is probably the most experienced journalist in the world today.  They are warning that they have inside information that an alliance of Saudi Arabia and Benjamin Netanyahu, urged on privately by the Trump administration, is deliberately moving toward starting a much wider “New War in the Mideast.”
Ben Yahmed is not some obscure conspiracy theorist holding forth in a coffee house in Cairo or Beirut.  They are the Tunisian-born founder of the distinguished French-language weekly Jeune Afrique (Young Africa), which they have headed since 1960 and where they still write their influential, measured weekly column, “What I Believe.” So when they report that they have learned that the 32-year-old de facto leader of Saudi Arabia, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, and their pliable father, King Salman, are actively plotting to launch a far-reaching war with Israeli backing, attention must be paid.
Ben Yahmed recognizes that Saudi Arabia has already been at war in Yemen for 2 years. They say the kingdom's next target is the Hezbollah political/military movement, in Lebanon. They write that the Saudis plan “at the right moment, to unleash, with the help of Israel and the United States, a war aimed at defeating, disarming and putting Hezbollah completely out of action.”
But the real ultimate target is Iran, Hezbollah's ally and patron. Ben Yahmed continues, “King Salman and their son, Netanyahu and Trump, four men of the extreme right who hold supreme power in three wealthy nations, are armed to the teeth and have the same enemy: Iran.” They argue that a wider war may be imminent partly because the Saudi crown prince and their father know they must act quickly, while Trump and Netanyahu are still in power. They cite, as evidence for this conspiracy, Trump's tweet the very day that the Saudi twosome staged a de facto coup and arrested their domestic enemies: “I have great confidence in King Salman and the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia, they know exactly what they are doing. . . .”
So in the months to come, the Korean peninsula may not actually be the most dangerous place in the world. Take a 32-year-old Saudi prince, intoxicated by having more real power than possibly anyone else in the Kingdom's history, add the opportunistic Benjamin Netanyahu, who is anxious to act decisively to ward off the growing political threat from the Israeli far right, mix in the volatile, ignorant Donald Trump — and you have the makings of a regional cataclysm.
Béchir Ben Yahmed's sober warning contrasts with another pathetic instance of journalistic malpractice by Thomas Friedman, whose recent gushing praise of the crown prince is already notorious. Friedman spent 4 hours with Mohammed bin Salman, whom they affectionately humanize by calling them “M.B.S.,” and completely fell for the prince's pose as a “reformer.” Friedman did not mention the rising threat of a wider Mideast war, (and they were also silent about the kingdom's air attacks in Yemen, in a conflict in which more than 5000 people have already died, and a cholera epidemic has killed another 2000 Yemenis).
Friedman's failure to report the real news is characteristic. We are still living with the consequences of the disastrous U.S. invasion of Iraq in 2003, which Friedman — the most influential foreign affairs columnist in America — enthusiastically (and viciously) endorsed. Once again, the call goes out to “Fire Thomas Friedman.” Until they are replaced, Americans have to read a French-language magazine to find reporting that should be in their own newspapers, in English.
HAZLE TOWNSHIP, Pa. – A Pennsylvania school district is scanning students' thumbprints, tracking all of their lunch purchases, and turning the data over to the federal government.
The Hazleton Area School District recently announced it would be providing free meals to all students, regardless of need.
The move comes after the federal government began incentivizing school districts to provide more meals to more students.
As The Citizens' Voice reports:
While it would seem that providing all children with lunch would cost districts more, the pilot federal initiative turns that assumption on its ear. The initiative encourages school districts to move toward full participation by providing districts with reimbursements that will in fact absorb the cost of providing lunch to students of all income levels, whether they walk to school — or if a chauffeur drives them.
“We will at least break even, if not come out ahead because of federal reimbursement,” according to district superintendent Craig Butler.
The conclusion comes after the Hazleton district purchased biometric software to track students who receive free or reduced-cost lunches.
The student's thumbprint was scanned each time they or they received a meal.
“This data provided by the biometrics was made available to the district and federal government for tracking purposes,” the paper reports.
Administrators are “unsure” whether they will continue the tracking scheme now that they have bountiful federal cash.
They didn't indicate how the data was being protected, if it was identifiable to an individual student or how long the federal government would retain it. (Who cares when there's Michelle O cash to be had??)
Similar fingerprint and tracking initiatives have been hit with stiff resistance from parents — when they knew about them.
Massachusetts' North Adams Public Schools deployed a lunch payment program using scanners.
“It's definitely going to streamline the system and make the transactions more accurate,” Nicholas says, iBerkshires.com reports. “Those that participate are able to see all those little transactions … we want to make sure those transactions are as transparent as possible.”
There's no indication parents would be the only ones with access to the data and that has several irate.
“No child should have to have a body part scanned to get a meal! There were no problems with those swipe cards that we were never made aware of,” wrote one parent on Facebook, who said she'd send their child with bag lunch before allowing a fingerprint scan, according to the news site.
“Let us not allow our children to allow privacy to become a thing of the past. Our duty is to educate and protect them, not to catalog them like merchandise,” parent Cara Roberts writes in a letter to the mayor and the news site.
“Our duty is to teach them to protect and care for their bodies. What message are we sending when we tell them their body is a means of identification, a tool for others to use to track them?”
Quarterback is the most important position in the NFL, so when a team is in need, the people in charge will be asked about the role at the Combine. Los Angeles Rams GM Les Snead understands that their team is in desperate need of a quarterback to pair with their ferocious defensive line.
"We've done a lot of studies since 2012, and that's when [head coach Jeff Fisher] and I got to the Rams," Snead said. "About how teams win. There's been 21 QBs since 2012 that have started 45 or more games. So if their team gives up 25 or more points, there's only one of those QBs who has actually got a winning record, and it's just over .500.
"I'll let you guys do the research to figure that out."
With pleasure.
So Snead is saying that teams that allow 25 or more points in a game will generally lose the game. In fact, just one quarterback since 2012 has a winning record when the defense allows 25 or more points. Anyone wants to guess which one?
Let's run through the checklist.
Since 2012, just ten teams have won 25% of their games when the defense allows 25+ points. Of those ten teams, nine have been led by a quarterback with 45+ starts over that time frame: Joe Flacco, Aaron Rodgers, Ben Roethlisberger, Peyton Manning, Philip Rivers, Cam Newton, Andy Dalton, Andrew Luck, and Tom Brady. The Vikings are the lone exception.
Only the Patriots, Bengals, and the Panthers have won more than a third of their games. Only the Patriots have won more than 40%.
Tom Brady holds a 12-9 record when the opposing team scores 25+ points, which checks out at 57.1%. He's the only one over 40% in that time frame.
This stat falls in line with the idea that Brady is the only quarterback with a winning record when asked to throw 50+ times in a game (min. 8 games) because he's the only quarterback able to put the entire team on their back. Brady does more for their team than any other quarterback.
Best of luck at finding your own Tom Brady, mister general manager of the Los Angeles Rams.
Manor has no plans to introduce a smaller nose before the start of the 2016 season.
Manor's 2016 car retains the longer nose design that many teams either moved away from last season or abandoned completely for their new models. Sauber is yet to unveil it's 2016 car but is likely to follow the development of the C34, which had a shorter nose.
"Yeah, it is a bit different to everyone else's!" team boss Dave Ryan said about the new nose. "It works for us. That's all I can say really.
The team's new engine supplier Mercedes, which has the shortest design in the paddock, was testing radical nose concepts out during the opening week of testing. Big teams have spent a lot of money to get shorter noses through crash tests but Ryan insists money is not a factor.
"It's probably not a step too far. It's a bigger job, let's put it that way. From our perspective it didn't seem to be too much difference from an aero performance so we stuck with what we had really and developed along that concept."
Manor only stayed in F1 due to a late comeback from administration ahead of the 2015 Australian Grand Prix, but spent the whole year using a modified 2014 chassis and a year-old Ferrari engine. Ryan says the team has been focused solely on this car since June last year and is happy with what it has brought to Barcelona.
"We've been working on this car pretty much since July last year -- June, July. On a very small scale. We didn't put any development into last year's car, there was no real point. It just wasn't worth putting that much effort into. All our time in the workshop and in the windtunnel has been focused has been thinking about this car. You have to realise we're a pretty small organisation so we have to do the best we can with what we can and do it in a timely manner otherwise we won't deliver it in the timespan we have to.
"It was always the intention to have a brand-new car for this year and have nothing carry over. That's what we have, there's nothing carried over, this is all new. It's the best we can do at the moment, let's put it that way."
You may have seen this news yesterday, but if you missed it, please click through and give it a read.
The spoiler version is that out in California, where the state government and advocacy groups are actually interested in doing Obamacare right, things are looking pretty good. They're standing up their exchanges and it turns out premiums for basic bronze and more comprehensive silver health plans will actually come in lower than anticipated.
This is almost unambiguously good news for Obamacare.You can tell it's good news because it's obviously good news, but also because the brigade of conservative writers who comb the news for every last Obamacare glitch in less cooperative states have been pretty quiet about it.
But in addition to auguring well for the law and suggesting its detractors have been blowing implementation problems out of proportion, I think this news underscores the strategic importance, from the administration's point of view, of getting the ACA right in California in particular.
For those following ACA news closely, I'd almost say forget everything you hear about the law outside of California.
California is huge, geographically and population-wise. Yet it's better positioned than almost any state in the US to implement Obamacare smoothly — Democratic leadership, big activist networks, etc. If they can make this work, then a). the law will have a huge head start toward meeting it's national coverage goals and b). it will serve as a model for every other state in the country for how to make it work.
More to the point, all the states trying to make the law fail will look very stupid and terribly craven if California pulls this off. Their predictable claims that Obamacare is all screwed up won't be very persuasive if a giant, historically mismanaged state like California can make it work well.
If it fails in California, though, that's a disaster.
Thus, my hunch is that both the administration and California officials are unusually invested in getting it right there, more so than in any other state in the union. The other side of that coin, of course, is that conservatives will be heavily invested in finding ways to undermine it. Perhaps that's why they've recently tried, and appropriately, to make issue of California's attempt to conceal its exchange's contractor spending from the public.
But if you're looking for an Obamacare bellwether, keep your eyes on California.
Director General Sindh Rangers Maj Gen Muhammad Saeed on Wednesday said that street criminals and robbers should be tried as terrorists under the Anti-Terrorism Act.
Addressing a press conference in Karachi, Maj Gen Saeed said: "Their mentality cannot be overlooked. We cannot let them pick up weapons."
"We will not allow any party in Karachi to become an organisation of target killing," they warned. "There is no forgiveness for those who spread fear in the city."
The DG also complained that a recent spate of knife attacks on women, mainly in Karachi's Gulistan-e-Jauhar area in September, had been played up in media, and the entire city had consequently been "badly affected."
The DG went on to highlight the success of the Rangers' operation in Karachi, which began four years ago. They highlighted crime statistics from before 2013 to those of 2017 to 'demonstrate' the improvement in the city's law and order situation.
They said that since the operation began, there has been a significant decrease in crimes.
The DG said that while between Rs80 and 100 million was paid in extortion before 2013, in the current year, only four incidents of extortion have been reported. They added that in 2017, no terrorism-related incidents took place in Karachi.
"Fifty-five people were made victims of target killings in 2017. [Militant organisation] Ansarul Sharia was involved in 15 of the incidents," the director general said.
"In 2013, Karachi was on the sixth spot in the crime index. Today, it is at number 52," they claimed.
They added that over the past year, more than 1,400 street criminals were handed over to the police.
The DG also said that the paramilitary force's successes were made possible by the cooperation of citizens, the efforts of the government and other security forces.
"We will not tolerate any power which is against Pakistan," they said.
How I Met Your Mother
CBS Entertainment President Nina Tassler is "optimistic" about a ninth season of How I Met Your Mother — and so are the show's creators.
CBS boss "optimistic" about more Mother, talks axing CSI: Miami
"We're optimistic too," co-creator and co-executive producer Craig Thomas
tells TVGuide.com. "We're all on the edge of our seats waiting to see what will happen with these negotiations. We're hopeful we'll get an answer because obviously that'll affect the story one way or the other quite a bit. The thing is we want to give the fans the proper conclusion to this that they've earned for sticking with us. We had our highest-rated season in Season 7 and that's all because of the fans. They've stuck with us and we want to make sure we know in time that it's the end so we can give them the proper wrap-up that they deserve."What will that wrap-up entail? How — and how much — would a ninth season affect the upcoming eighth season? Get the scoop from Thomas and director Pamela Fryman below.We have no reason to think otherwise. Everybody loves the show and loves doing the show. We're crossing our fingers that it works out.We'd love to keep telling the story. We have a cool plan to do so. If we wrap it up in Season 8, that's also gonna be amazing. We hope we know soon and we possibly can't know soon enough.That's very, very true! A lot of my favorite all-time shows went 10 seasons. We tell a different kind of story than say, like, Cheers. Do I think we can keep the show strong for 10 seasons? I think we could, but I have no idea if we could possibly go that far.We're picking up where we left off in May. Not too far after that, we divide our board of 24 episodes into quarters. One through six we know. Seven through 12, we're good for some of that. Somewhere along there, there are really two roads diverging in the woods — to quote my man Robert Frost — and look, we need to know which road to pursue. We'll have to execute one track or another, or prepare to do both. But there will be a moment where you have to activate the launch sequence on what's the end of the series. ... It's the final sequence of the entire series and we have to know in time. I sound so military describing this. "The launch codes have gotten lost!"
CBS at TCAs: All the latest news
We're doing that moment anyway. You reach a point where creativity and logistics collide in a fantastical explosion. By that, I mean you have to build sets. [Laughs] People have to get hammers and nails and build sets. The cool thing is we came up with a way to begin Season 8 on an enormous "gasp" moment at the end and get further into the mythology of the series. We get a glimpse of something huge and crazy. It's a flash-forward to Barney and Robin's wedding day where we go further into that day than we ever have before and we show you more information than we ever have before.I can't say.But it's very, very lovely. My jaw dropped when I found out. It's gonna be great.It's a real "you get a chill from it" kind of moment. We're building the biggest and coolest set we've ever built. We're doing something pretty amazing that feels fitting to how close to the end of the series we are. We're going big in the premiere. ... We show you a moment and some new information that I hope will make fans feel really, really satisfied and also really, really curious.It's so funny. There are really strong opinions on both sides. ... We know exactly how it's gonna end. There's Plan A and Plan B, but it doesn't affect the very end. It doesn't affect how we're gonna end the series; it affects how we get to the end and the exact sequence that approaches the end. The end has always been the end. We've shot a piece of the end with the kids years ago. I would go as far to say we've shot 30 seconds of the last minute. The kids are, respectively, 43 and 47 years old right now. [Laughs]I mean, leaving a letter is just Runaway Bride 101. And Ted Mosby is a man with a lot of heart and a lot of conscience, and they were left at the altar too ... It ends with something unexpected. Ted and Victoria's story ends in what I hope is a shocking twist — and that's not the "gasp"!They date for a little while and then break up. I mean, we all know she's not the mother. We're not trying to milk that suspense out of it. We're trying to play the wheel of everyone having that one last door in their romantic life that needs to be closed before they're really ready to move on. Victoria was a really serious relationship that Ted absolutely screwed up. We're gonna see them close that door and that's when he's really ready to meet the mother.Yes, there will be at least one other relationship for Ted, but a very different character. Victoria's the last big emotional door. Ted will need to make one other enormous mistake before meeting the mother. There's one last terrible mistake.
How I Met Your Mother boss on Barney's bride: "It had to be her"
We're not gonna ask the audience to fall in love with someone again because we know she's not the bride. This will just be a crazy last little bizarre left turn, like a fling that needs to be flung. It's gonna be very funny and fun.[Laughs] You will learn their name in the premiere! The biggest mystery of the series will be answered! As we near the end, we have to pay off our promises. One of them was this. He's coming back. We're all huge BSG dorks, so Michael Trucco will hate us by the end. He's great. We got a little glimpse of them before. He's the final hurdle for Robin and will sort of lead them back to Barney. There are a lot of final hurdles for everyone.And there's a theme for October for all these hurdles and relationships.All the fans know where Ted, Robin and Barney are going. So we're calling October "Breakup Month." It's basically a relationship slasher movie. It's a horror movie, like Friday the 13th around Crystal Lake and Jason's coming around with a machete. You're gonna see exactly how the relationships implode in a span of four weeks. It's just the most disastrous month you'll see. It's a relationship bloodbath. Tune in if you like to see crap implode all over!I can't say. We already know it'll be a disaster, but the exact sequence in which they break up is important. How the last couple breaks up is important and leads to something big for all of the characters. It's planned out in a very specific way. I can't say who initiates each breakup. Episode 2 airs Oct. 1 and Episode 6 airs Oct. 29. November sweeps will be even crazier! November will have some heartfelt, poignant things happening.Unfortunately. They're still engaged when we pick up. And Becki may or may not be cast on another series . It's like a very Tyler Durden kind of moment where you're fighting with yourself about managing an actor. We had to figure out how much of Becki Newton we can use. We don't drag it out too long since we know they're not getting married.I cannot say because we don't want to say exactly when Barney and Robin get together, when they get engaged and when they get married. And we're waiting to hear on certain things ourselves.They're most concerned with, "How do we keep drinking beer now that we're parents?" Lily has to figure out, "Do I wanna go back to work or not?" In some ways, Barney, Ted and Robin have been Marshall and Lily's kids. Marshall and Lily have been the stable center all these years and there's gonna be a little sibling rivalry. Those guys are gonna be a little jealous of Marvin. ... But we're gonna see the best couple on TV become the best parents on TV.There's a good one we're hoping to talk about soon.The deal isn't quite done yet. We're hoping to hear soon. It's a really fun character.We actually wanna do an episode before the series ends that's called "What Happened to Everyone Else?" where we'll check in with every important side character on the show. And we'll spend $8 million in our casting budget on bringing everyone back! If this is the last season, our goal is to do that episode. Above and beyond that, there are a couple of characters we're hoping to bring back for an episode or an arc.Yeah, we're talking about that. We've also talked about bringing their dad ( Ray Wise ) back. We're talking about an episode where Robin and Barney meet each other's dads. That's kind of a half-formed idea. I think deep-down, Robin's dad is troublingly similar to Barney. [Laughs] I think that guy suits up, I think they buy a lot of expensive things, I think he's very sleek and cold a la Cameron's parents in Ferris Bueller. But no guarantees about which parents are coming back.Does it, now? You already know too much. But if that's what it says...Season 8 of How I Met Your Mother premieres Monday, Sept. 24 at 8/7c on CBS. The How I Met Your Mother soundtrack, featuring original songs from the show, will be released on iTunes on the same day.
Since I went on Keto, white sauce with corn flour has been banned from my life. So I decided to make my version of a creamy chicken stew kind of au gratin. My #Keto Chicken Stew is a welcome break from the usual Indian affair and is most filling and rich. And it has the perfect ratio of carbs, proteins and fats.
I made this stew on Sunday as I had all the time in the world to experiment and make something yummy and comforting. So I made a sauce out of coconut milk, cream, cheese and butter. This sauce is very rich and delicious. You can add your favorite herbs and spices to it. I kept it simple and warm this time. I made two servings at one time and had two very special meals. Try this recipe over the weekend and let me know if you like it. You can also bake a dish, cool it down put a cling wrap and have it during the week. It will stay good for three to five days in the fridge.
In fact looking at the ingredients I think it is high time Amul made me their Keto Ambassador. What say ?
Prep Time : 15mins
Cook time : 60mins
Makes : 2 servings
Ingredients
200gms florets of Broccoli (Blanched or Raw)
50ml Amul Whipping Cream
100ml Dabur Coconut milk
10gms Amul Butter
300gms Chicken Breast or Broiler
1 slice of Amul Cheese
2 cubes of Amul Processed Cheese
½ tsp Black Pepper Powder
1/4th tsp Paprika Powder (optional)
White and Pink salt according to taste
Procedure
1.Start by washing the chicken and cutting it into small pieces. Wash the broccoli and cut its florets too. Place the chicken in the dish in which you are going to bake it and sprinkle it with salt and pepper.
Now in a thick bottomed pan or wok put the coconut milk and let it come to a boil. If you think it is too thick, dilute it with a little water.
Drop the butter in the milk and let the sauce continue to boil on medium heat.
Add the pepper, salt, paprika powder.
5. Next add the grated cheese cubes and keep stirring on medium heat.
6. Drop in the broccoli, I had some blanched lying in the fridge so i am using that.
broccoli
7. Cook the sauce with the broccoli for another five to eight minutes. Now drop in the heavy cream and lower the heat.
8. Cook for another five minutes till the sauce reduces. Switch off the heat.
9. Pour this sauce along with the brocolli over the chicken which is lying in the bakig dish.
10. Now break a cheese slice and place it on the dish.
11. Bake at 350 degrees Celcius for 60 mins or untill the bake looks nice and creamy and chicken well done. Serve hot.
Nutrition break up per serving
Cals- 474
Fats- 27.7
Net Carbs- 5.3
Protein- 45.1
Week 3 is in the books and the 2017 NFL Quarterback Power Rankings are all changed after watching Derek Carr crash and Matt Ryan struggle
The only thing that anyone knows for sure about the 2017 NFL Season is that nothing is for sure. So far there have been more twists and turns in three weeks than anyone can recall to start a season. With all the dust settling we can try and assess things with this 2017 NFL Quarterback Power Rankings.
One thing that's for sure is no team is out of it at this point — not even those who have started with the dreaded 0-3 mark. Why hope still exists for those teams is simply because no one is running away with anything thus far.
As it stands now only the Atlanta Falcons and Kansas City Chiefs remain as unbeaten teams. While they surely don't have their divisions locked up, neither do any of the other leaders who sit at 2-1 currently.
Week 3 proved that anything is possible. We saw Joe Flacco of the Baltimore Ravens go out and put up the worst numbers of their career in a blow out loss to the Jacksonville Jaguars. We saw Oakland Raiders quarterback Derek Carr completely fall apart and Matt Ryan of the Falcons throw three picks in one game after having just seven throughout the 2016 season.
With all the craziness in the books, here is how the signal-callers stack up in the Week 4 edition of the 2017 NFL Quarterback Power Rankings.
MOL Group Makes Commercial Discovery in Pakistan
Emails: Separate multiple email addresses with semi-colon Your Email: Send email to me as well Subject: Comments: 200-character limit.
MOL Group announced today a new commercial discovery at the MOL operated exploration well Mardan Khel-1 in Pakistan.
Mardan Khel-1, located in Pakistan's TAL Block, was spud on September 17, 2014 and the well reached its target depth of over three miles on February 17, 2015. Four formations have been tested at the well, all of which flowed with high volumes of gas and condensate according to MOL Group.
The current total production capacity of the facilities in the TAL Block is 80,000 barrels of oil equivalent (gas) per day and 37,000 boe (liquids) per day. MOL intends to carry out an appraisal plan including additional wells on the Eastern and Western parts of the structure.
MOL Pakistan Oil & Gas Company, a 100 percent subsidiary of MOL Group, has also signed a farm-in agreement for Pakistan's DG Khan Block, where MOL is acquiring a 30 percent non-operating interest from Pakistan Oil Fields Limited.
MOL Group E&P Executive Vice President Alexander Dodds commented in a company statement:
“MOL Group is extremely pleased to announce its seventh discovery in TAL Block, which we have operated since 1999. MOL Pakistan has a successful track record in the TAL Block and we are grateful to our partners for their continued support and confidence in our capabilities to operate within the JV. Pakistan is a promising and prospective country with significant remaining undeveloped resources and reserves, and MOL Group remains committed to investing in Pakistan's oil and gas sector as our recent farm-in agreement and continued investment in the TAL block demonstrates.”
Tweet Emails: Separate multiple email addresses with semi-colon Your Email: Send email to me as well Subject: Comments: 200-character limit.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
Generated by readers, the comments included herein do not reflect the views and opinions of Rigzone. All comments are subject to editorial review. Off-topic, inappropriate or insulting comments will be removed.
RELATED COMPANIES
Report: Major Announcement Likely at Trump's Harrisburg, PA Rally Tonight
Guest post by Joe Hoft
President Trump is having a rally in Pennsylvania tonight after announcing they would not attend the White House Correspondent's Dinner held at the same time in Washington, D.C. Trump is the first president in over thirty years to skip the dinner and the first to ‘counter-program' opposite the dinner. Now it is suspected that the President may announce a major win for the US at their rally.
On this past Thursday the President met with Terry Gou, Chairman of Apple manufacturing partner Foxconn. The pair reportedly discussed US job creation and a pending bid for Toshiba's chip business.
Citing people familiar with the matter, the Nikkei Asian Review reports Gou arranged the meeting with the help of SoftBank chairperson Masayoshi Son, who previously met with Trump in New York last year. At the time, Trump touted SoftBank's commitment of $50 billion to U.S. operations as part of an investment fund, a move that could create some 50,000 new jobs.
Focus China News Channel in Taiwan reported that billionaire Gou was seen walking out of the White House on Thursday.
In a Twitter Post, Washington Post reporter David Nakamura said: “Taiwanese tech billionaire Terry Gou who promised Trump…he'd invest billions in US visited the WH (White House) today.”
Speculation is that perhaps tonight, President Trump will announce that Foxconn will be building a plant in the US and maybe even in Pennsylvania in the coming months. If this is not the specific case, Gou has still promised investing billions in the US somewhere.
Winning, Winning, Winning!
An American delegation headed by Lt. Gen. Ben Hodges, commander of the U.S. ground forces in Europe, arrived in Armenia last month for an official visit. Lt. Gen. Hodges took part in the opening ceremony of a monument to the Soviet-Armenian marshal Amazasp Babadzhanyan, stating that they were visiting Armenia to strengthen ties between the armed forces of the two countries. They also said they are impressed by the service of the Armenian military in international peacekeeping missions, and sees the potential for further development of bilateral cooperation in various formats and directions. In turn, Armenia's Defense Minister Seyran Ohanyan stressed the importance of a number of projects in the context of this partnership. They are held in order to enhance the level of joint training interoperability and devise a professional sergeant system. The current visit of the U.S. military to Armenia is of particular importance due to the recent escalation on the Karabakh-Azerbaijani border.
The development of military cooperation with the United States, both unilaterally and in the framework of NATO, is one of Yerevan's key priorities. In this regard, it is noteworthy that Armenia, blockaded by Turkey and Azerbaijan, is in constant danger of war and is forced to develop a multi-vector foreign and defense policy. Moreover, official Armenian military doctrine states that the expansion and strengthening of the strategic alliance between Turkey (a NATO member) and Azerbaijan is considered as a threat to national security. On this basis, the Armenian side will consistently expand its cooperation with the United States, which has political and military leverage against Turkey and Azerbaijan, and with NATO, which plays a significant role in ensuring global security.
Of course, we are not talking about strategic cooperation. One can hardly find a politician or a military servant in the Armenian elite who would consider the United States and NATO to be a guarantor of security. Even if Washington wanted to give such assurances, the factor of Turkey, which is one of the largest and most important military allies of America, would still remain. In matters of external security guarantees against Turkey, the defining role is played by Russia. These guarantees are expressed in specific actions: the presence of a Russian military base in the Armenian city of Gyumri, Armenian and Russian border guards monitoring the Armenian-Turkish border area, and the provision of weapons at preferential prices by Russia. Moscow also has commitments to Armenia within the framework of the Collective Security Treaty Organization (CSTO). In turn, Azerbaijan, focusing on its strategic relationship with Turkey, is seeking to deepen military cooperation with the United States and NATO. On this basis, Yerevan's cooperation with Washington comes from the need to establish a balance in relations with Azerbaijan. If the Armenian side does not consistently increase the pace of military cooperation with America and NATO, Turkey will lobby the interests of Azerbaijan, using the alliance's mechanisms against Armenia's interests.
With the support of the United States and NATO, Armenia has seen certain reforms in the spheres of military education and the involvement of civil services in emergencies. They are conducted by the parties in the framework of the “Individual Partnership Action Plan.” The format of relations with the Alliance involves consultations on issues such as regional security, the formation of the security strategy, the development of Armenia's military doctrine and the improvement of the defense and budget planning process. Members of NATO and the U.S. Department of Defense noted the efficiency of Armenia's participation in the program called
“NATO Partnership for Peace” and appreciate the participation of Armenian troops in peacekeeping missions under the auspices of the UN in Afghanistan, Kosovo and Iraq. Armenia also takes part in the "Action Plan" partnerships to fight terrorism, which means that the country is sharing intelligence data and analysis with NATO.
Within the framework of bilateral relations with the United States, official Yerevan, through the Armenian lobby in Washington, aims to reduce the volume of U.S. foreign military spending on Azerbaijan. Over the past ten years, the White House has maintained parity on military assistance to Armenia and Azerbaijan. In 2016, America still keeps a balance between Yerevan and Baku among its foreign military financing. However, according to the United States' external operations budget, the total amount of the United States' allocations to Armenia accounts for $23 million, against only $11 million for Azerbaijan. Thus, Yerevan received $1.2 million for projects labeled “International Military Education and Training” and “Stabilization Operations and Security Sector Reform.” At the same time, just $566,000 went to Azerbaijan.
The White House is mindful of the fact that Azerbaijan's military budget has increased several times over the last few years. Many members of Congress, accepting the budget for external operations, take into account such factors as bellicose statements made by Azerbaijani leadership and the worsening situation of human rights in the country. In addition, Section 907 of the Freedom Support Act is still in force (though individual items were suspended in 2001), which greatly limits military technical cooperation between Washington and Baku.
Russia has been sympathetic to the position of the Armenian authorities for a long time. It was important for Moscow that Yerevan, on an official level, emphasized the importance of the Russian military factor and did not consider potential NATO membership. However, the crisis in U.S.-Russian relations and the suspension of Moscow's dialogue with NATO could change Russia's attitude toward Armenian cooperation with the United States and NATO. Many Russian experts claim that America is using NATO mechanisms and tends to lessen the Kremlin's influence on Armenia. Despite the potential difficulties, for the Armenian side it is extremely important to prevent the complete abolition of Section 907 as well as any increase in U.S. military aid to Azerbaijan.
To achieve these goals, the efforts of the Armenian lobby are not likely to be enough. What is required is a direct and active dialogue between the foreign affairs agencies of Armenia and the United States.
Areg Galstyan, PhD, is a regular contributor to the magazines Russia in Global Affairs and Forbes.
Image: Kremlin.ru.
Overseas, 'Captain America: Civil War' flies to a dazzling $84 million in its first three days, a week ahead of its North American debut.
Meow.
On Friday, the R-rated feline comedy Keanu opened to $3.5 million from 2,658 theaters at the North American box office, enough to beat Garry Marshall's star-studded Mother's Day, which grossed an estimated $2.7 million from 3,035 theaters.
Neither, of course, were able to beat holdover The Jungle Book, which earned another $10.3 million to jump the $600 million mark globally for Disney and director Jon Favreau.
Disney will enjoy world domination this weekend between Jungle Book and Captain America: Civil War, which is opening in numerous foreign markets a week ahead of its May 6 domestic launch. Civil War has earned a dazzling $84 million in its first three days, on par with Avengers: Age of Ultron. In some markets, it's even doing bigger business than Ultron, such as the U.K., where it came in 33 percent ahead. And it scored the biggest opening-day of all time in Mexico with $7.3 million.
In North America, Keanu, from New Line, marks the first time that Key & Peele stars, Keegan-Michael Key and Jordan Peele, have appeared together on the big screen. Costing a relatively modest $15 million to make, it's now expected to earn $9 million-plus for the weekend.
The comedy revolves around two buddies who pretend to be gangsters and join the criminal underworld when a drug dealer kidnaps their kitten. Peter Atencio helmed Keanu, which debuted as a work-in-progress at the South by Southwest Film Festival in April. It currently has a 77 percent fresh rating on Rotten Tomatoes.
Directed by Marshall, Mother's Day — starring Jennifer Aniston, Julia Roberts, Jason Sudeikis and Kate Hudson — is struggling badly in its debut. Based on Friday's numbers, the $25 million film is now expected to gross roughly $7.7 million. That's well behind the $56.3 million domestic debut of Marshall's holiday ensemble film, Valentine's Day, which likewise starred Julia Roberts, but just shy of the $13 million launch of New Year's Eve.
Mother's Day has been ravaged by critics, not helping matters for the filmmakers and distributor Open Road Films. The story features intertwining stories, and centers on three generations of women in the week leading up to Mother's Day. (This year, the real-life holiday isn't until May 8).
Keanu isn't the only feline-themed movie opening this weekend. Animated family film Ratchet & Clank, based on the video game series about a wild cat who befriends a robot, also enters the fray. The film earned $1.5 million Friday from 2,891 theaters for a projected $5.6 million weekend.
The Gramercy/Focus project, directed by Jericca Cleland and Kevin Munroe, follows the anthropomorphic character Ratchet and their robot sidekick as they attempt to save the universe. Paul Giamatti, John Goodman, Bella Thorne, Rosario Dawson and Sylvester Stallone lead the voice cast.
Jungle Book is no doubt making life tough for other movies. Plus, none of the three new offerings are particularly wowing audiences; Keanu and Ratchet each received a B CinemaScore, while Mother's Day earned a B+.
April 29, 2 p.m. Updated.
April 30, 8 a.m. Updated.
Luke Rockhold has their sights set on Chris Weidman at UFC 199 right now, but after he's done it seems the middleweight champion might be interested in a rematch with Michael Bisping.
It took Rockhold less than six minutes to dispatch Bisping by guillotine choke the last time they met in November 2014. But following the Brit's recent win over former champion Anderson Silva, they might have jumped to the top of the contender's list again.
Rockhold doesn't discount the fact that Bisping took a lot of damage courtesy of Silva during their five-round fight in London, but they commend their long-time rival for gutting out a victory when it was over.
Article continues below ...
"Bisping's a tough dude, they go out there and they fight their ass off. They took a beating in that fight," Rockhold told FOX Sports. "I can understand how they could win the fight but they took a beating in that fight."
When it comes to the rematch, Rockhold couldn't help but laugh at first but then after composing themselves they did seem interested in giving Bisping another shot.
Bisping has long clamored for the chance to compete for the UFC middleweight title and following their win over Silva in February they asked for the shot.
Bisping would have to wait in line to get at Rockhold thanks to Weidman being granted the next crack at them in June, but after that it sounds like the champion would be willing to give the outspoken Brit another chance.
"It would be fun to build the fight up and it would be even funner to shut them up. It always is. Are they ready for it? I don't know," Rockhold commented.
It would be fun to build the fight up and it would be even funner to shut them up. It always is. — Luke Rockhold
"We'll see. I almost think a rematch would be kind of necessary."
There's little doubt that a second fight between Rockhold and Bisping would do big business, considering the heated rivalry they shared the last time around.
Now that Bisping has added a former champion like Silva to their resume there's a good possibility the UFC would pull the trigger on the matchup if Rockhold beats Weidman in June.
#TeamMagicalEducators: tessmaths
These cups should have a place in any classroom!
Making the ordinary extraordinary… This picture was one I picked up a couple of years ago on Twitter and it sparked a creative note. Having experimented with the approach to place value and reading numbers in this way it has very good effect. Especially when the students make the tool themselves. Younger students can get to grips with the position of numbers and the zeros prompt them to say the correct magnitude if they are a little unsure. You could write the words too underneath the numbers if necessary. Its a lovely class project for year 3 and 4 and it's cheap too. It is also great for intervention at a later stage, with older students.
Moving this on a stage you can move into decimal numbers and multiplication and division by 10, 100 etc as demonstrated below by Ed Southall @solvemymaths (unless that is a hand model)
As a teacher trainer this set me thinking to add this approach into my session called ‘making the ordinary extraordinary' in which I give ITT students a series of ordinary objects – paper plates, wool, sweets, clothes pegs, knitting needles – to see what maths they can demonstrate and play with…working in a very different way in which they usually do or are encouraged to. This is challenging for quite a few new teachers in training. One chap, ex army, openly stated “I'm not creative…this will be awful” yet they produced this with their cups. It has a scale along the rim for positive and negative numbers which twists round – simple but very effective and something they were quite proud of. Celebrated on Twitter it caused a stir and had some good feedback too.
So one relatively simple idea can spark an element of creativity. Making the ordinary extraordinary…have a go.
Buy now
Buy now
Buy now
For more pictures of the roller click here or on the Next page.
TastyChomps Mini Travel Guide Visit To London, England – Series
Part 1 – The Tourist Sights of London, England, including Stonehenge, Bath, and Windsor Castle
Part 2 – Chowzter's Global Fast Feast Awards 2014 in London, England
Part 3 – A Food Lovers' Feast at London's Borough Market and Broadway Market
Part 4 – London – Harrod's Food Hall, Full English Breakfast, Fish and Chips, Tayyab's
The vibrant Borough Market, London's most popular food market, has been getting a bit too touristy these days with all the recent publicity – long lines are not so uncommon, but I suppose that is a boon to the farmers, producers, and vendors there.
Meanwhile, the more casual, and less crowded, Broadway Market, on the east end of London in Hackney, is equally much a food lovers' paradise as Borough Market in many ways. Do visit them both.
Borough Market
London's most renowned food market is known as a source of exceptional British and international produce, providing a haven for purveyors, chefs, and home cooks who care about quality food.
Borough has long been synonymous with food markets and as far back as the 11th century, London Bridge attracted traders selling grain, fish, vegetables and livestock.
Many of the over 100 vendors and stallholders at Borough Market are themselves producers – people who grow, rear or bake the food that they sell. Others are importers with intimate knowledge of whichever corner of the globe they source their products from.
Producers from all over the country bring a range of fresh produce to the market, including fish, meats, vegetables, ciders, cheeses, breads, coffees, cakes and patisseries. Other stalls specialize in produce imported from abroad.
Scenes from the wonderful Borough Market follow…
Broadway Market
East London, particular the artsy, digital media, Shoreditch area, is becoming more and more hip and chic each day.
The oft storied home to the working class of Charles Dickens' Industrial England, East London has been a place of new immigrants and the poor for centuries, from the Jewish immigrants up until the 1950s, then immigrants from the Indian subcontinent (transforming Brick Lane to the “Curry” Brick Lane), and now, more and more immigrants of the high tech hipster variety moving in with boutiques and bistros. The area continues to be a transformative place for London's working class today.
Broadway Market in East London dates back to the mid 19th century when it earned a reputation for providing fresh meat and poultry. Despite ups and downs through the years, today it's a thriving weekly market with fabulous restaurants making a name for itself as a ‘chic' with its diverse range of fine foods, designer clothing, organic fair trade products, health product and crafts.
The market runs the gamut of food stalls, shops, pubs, restaurants and cafes offering some of the best food and most original clothing in London all crammed into a little East End street between the Regent's Canal and London Fields in the London Borough of Hackney.
The purveyors sell organic meat, fruit and vegetables; fresh fish and smoked salmon and oysters; delicious bread, cakes and cheese.
Nearby, a few standing food stalls like permanent food trucks offer up some of the best street food in London.
F. Cooke's
Cockney cuisine is thought of as the East London working man's food consisting of mostly puddings, meat pies, mashed potatoes, and jellied eels drenched in green parsley “liquor” sauce.
Once upon a time, eels, pie and mash was a staple diet of workers in London's East End, with over 200 shops to choose from; now there are only a handful.
Fred Cooke started selling jellied eels in Broadway Market in 1900. Their restaurant, F. Cooke, served shepherds driving their flocks to the City of London. The decor probably hasn't changed much since its opening in the early 1900s, with walls lined with porcelain tiles and wooded mirrors.
Locals get a plate of the eels (though they are now seen as endangered) served with mashed potatoes, meat pies, all lathered in the green parsley sauce for a cheap price. It was seen as a cheap, nutritious meal for the working class in days gone by, but with the proliferation of fast food restaurants, the pie and mash and eel shops have gone by the way side.
May be it will pick up again with a more adventurous dining clientele on the rise.
The eels, white, slippery, slender cylinders of fish meat, served with gelatin, was not my first choice of preparation for eel, it was rather slimey for me but the taste was good.
TastyChomps Mini Travel Guide Visit To London, England – Series
Part 1 – The Tourist Sights of London, England, including Stonehenge, Bath, and Windsor Castle
Part 2 – Chowzter's Global Fast Feast Awards 2014 in London, England
Part 3 – A Food Lovers' Feast at London's Borough Market and Broadway Market
Part 4 – London – Harrod's Food Hall, Full English Breakfast, Fish and Chips, Tayyab's
It might be normal to imagine that a good society would be one in which a majority of people held optimistic views about themselves, their fellow citizens and their prospects for their collective futures.
But, in fact, quite the opposite appears to be true: deep pessimism seems a key ingredient for the maintenance of any good society.
At the core of pessimism is the idea that everyone, however outwardly normal, is severely flawed: short-term, blinkered, vengeful, sentimental and prone to reckless anger, fear, delusion and passion. We're mad monkeys, with a few extra neurons.
From a brutal acceptance of this dark starting-point, there can flow a range of measures that together will make for exceptionally wise, calm and reasonable societies. Let's consider a few:
In an ideally pessimistic society, rather boring and extremely steady politicians are the norm. No one believes the wilder utopian promises of firebrand leaders. The electorate is simply far too pessimistic to trust in easy, rapid solutions to any of the nation's substantial problems. Dramatic promises at the stump are immediately discounted with a wry, dismissive shrug.
Because pessimists know just how flawed any one individual can be, the ideal pessimistic society invests heavily in strong, slow-moving, independent institutions that prevent too much power from ever falling into the hands of a single person. Furthermore, these institutions are insulated from the fluctuations of public opinion – which, pessimistically, are seen as being hugely prone to hysteria and overreaction.
In the ideal pessimistic society, there won't be much appetite for singling out any particular group or class of people for blame. Our troubles, the electorate sadly admit, are caused mainly by big impersonal, historical forces – rather than by a few people who are easy to target and cathartically hate.
Because they assume that it's natural to have rather dangerous appetites and desires, the citizens of a pessimistic society willingly put quite a lot of restraints on themselves, defining freedom not as the ability to do whatever they want at any point, but as the liberty to act in accordance with their wisest, most reasonable selves (which only appear every now and then). They therefore don't see it as any particular loss of freedom to be gently nudged away from blowing their savings, overeating, doing no exercise, ruining their relationships or developing addictions. They accept a paternalistic society as the natural price for limiting their own self-destructive tendencies.
Pessimistic societies don't have much time for celebrity culture, for they are dubious about whether anyone much deserves to be idolised: they know that from close up, we're all a bit of a mess. And they're not shocked by revelations of chaotic private lives, since this is assumed to be the norm. Spare energy is directed more towards forgiveness rather than adulation followed by denigration.
In pessimistic societies, the education system is elaborate, broad, ambitious and very well resourced; citizens assume that the raw human mind needs a huge amount of structured, targeted help in order to cope with life's challenges. The curriculum isn't merely focused on technical skills though; there is a lot of help around emotional issues too – which, it's acknowledged, are at the root of so many of our tragedies.
Because they acknowledge that we're all fragile, easily irked creatures, pessimistic societies place great emphasis on creating quietly uplifting and beautiful communal environments. Cities are marked by elegance, simplicity, rationality and harmony. A stridently ugly tower block, a depressingly chaotic airport, a squalid railway station – they darkly admit – could be enough to drive someone to despair. The rich have always recognised this for themselves; a pessimistic society merely differs in regarding this as a universal truth.
In optimistic societies, there are constant claims that everyone can be exceptional and, one day, awe-inspiringly successful. The charms and rewards of life are therefore fundamentally geared towards those who make it to the top. The best restaurants are superb, the private hospitals are outstanding, the most expensive schools magnificent, the richest residential areas delightful, the taxes for the rich very low. But, naively, such societies forget that, by statistical inevitability, most people are actually not going to be successful at all.
So in the pessimistic society, mediocrity and relative failure are assumed to be the norm and the goal of government is understood to be that of rendering an average life (that is, the life most people will actually lead) as attractive as possible. Public housing, state schools, public hospitals and transportation are all superb, because it's assumed (with extreme realism) that we're almost all going to be relying on them.
By following such pessimistic dictates, the profound consequence will be a society where – paradoxically – there will be rather a lot to be cheerful about – though, of course, the wary, gloomy and wise citizenry would never quite dare to put it like that.
Note: For the original version of this article, consult The Book of Life blog.
A report looking at how to modernize the National Energy Board (NEB) is calling for a complete overhaul, suggesting that it be replaced with two new agencies and its leadership moved from Calgary to Ottawa.
A five-member expert panel was appointed last fall to look at the structure, role and mandate of Canada's national energy regulator.
The panel submitted its recommendations Monday to Natural Resources Minister Jim Carr.
The recommendations include the formation of a new Canadian Energy Information Agency (CEIA) and a new Canadian Energy Transmission Commission (CETC), two bodies that would effectively replace the existing NEB.
The panel also suggests that at least part of the new regulatory apparatus be moved from Calgary to Ottawa immediately, as well as other components as its operations evolve.
"We heard intense and near-unanimous criticism of the current requirement that board members reside in the Calgary area," the report said, noting that several participants in the review argued that having NEB in Canada's energy sector capital erodes its independence.
"We do agree entirely that Canada's energy transmission infrastructure regulator needs a stronger connection to the seat of the federal government."
Former NEB chair Gaetan Caron told CBC News the recommendations are not surprising.
"This committee could not have said, 'OK, we listened to all Canadians and by the way, we found everything was fine the way it was,' it wasn't possible," they said. "And I think their public interest mandate included thinking creatively about how the system could be upgraded."
Move board to Ottawa, panel says
The panel proposes that the office of CETC's board of directors be located in Ottawa, along with an office devoted to governmental co-ordination, while CEIA could be set up in the capital at a later date.
"As the role of energy information provision migrates to the new Canadian Energy Information Agency, it would be prudent to locate that agency — as well as NEB staff today performing this function — proximate to partners in Statistics Canada, Natural Resources, and Environment and Climate Change Canada, to the extent possible," the report states.
Calgary Mayor Naheed Nenshi said they had not yet read the entire report, but the rationale for moving the NEB east left them "steamed."
"Because it seemed to imply that a Calgary-based organization must be biased, because it's in Calgary," they said. "That is a ridiculous assertion … and I hope the federal government will push back on that very strongly."
Nenshi said the NEB should remain in Calgary.
"What's the point of having the regulatory body far removed from where hearings have to be and where all the players are, it just adds cost and complexity to the situation. It's worked well in Calgary. There are some things that need to be fixed, but if we've come up with a regulator that is truly science based, that makes good decisions, of course it has to be in Calgary, there's no question in that."
The panel also recommends a one-year process for the government to work out if major projects align with the national interest, to be followed by a two-year hearing process to be handled jointly by the two agencies.
The panel also called for "real and substantive" participation from First Nations communities.
"Canadians told us that they expect to see their energy regulator fully realize nation-to-nation relationships with Indigenous Peoples. We agree," the report says.
Some employees could remain in Calgary
Former NEB executive Brenda Kenny, who was a panellist behind the report, told CBC Calgary News at 6 that a new board of governors would be based in Ottawa, but many NEB employees should remain in Calgary.
"We have a strong force here in Calgary benefiting environment and engineering and many of them will stay here," they said. "It'll be up to the management to think about the numbers, but I would say not the majority."
Kenny said they would envision about 100 employees being based in Ottawa and around 300 in Calgary, with regional offices also beefed up.
"That will adapt with time as needs change," they said. "You need more electricity, Ottawa will grow. You need more pipeline inspectors, other regional offices will grow."
The government will now spend the next few months reviewing the report.
Ottawa is inviting comments online on the panel's recommendations until June 14.
The National Energy Board has a mandate to regulate the construction and operation of fossil fuel pipelines and power lines that cross provincial or international borders, as well as the imports and exports of natural gas, the export of oil and electricity, and oil and gas exploration.
It is an arm's length, quasi-judicial tribunal, which reports to Parliament by making recommendations to the federal minister of natural resources.
The President of the Russian Federation Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin annual press conference in Center of international trade ( ID1974
Donald Trump plans to hold a meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin within weeks of becoming president, according to The Sunday Times.
Trump's first trip overseas as president will reportedly be a meeting with Putin in the Icelandic capital Reykjavik, the U.K. newspaper reported on Saturday evening.
The meeting will address both nation's nuclear arsenals, the Times said, citing unnamed sources.
In an interview with the Wall Street Journal on Friday, Trump said they would be open to lifting sanctions on Russia. But they plan on keeping the sanctions in place “at least for a period of time.”
The meeting could be intended to emulate “Ronald Reagan's Cold War deal-making in Reykjavik with Mikhail Gorbachev,” according to the Times.
Over the weekend, members of the Satanic Temple's Detroit chapter showed up to counter anti-abortion protests outside of Planned Parenthood facilities, at one point dumping gallons of milk over the heads of participants. Glenn Beck took some time to analyze this milk protest on their radio show today, telling their audience that they were positive there was some hidden but extremely important spiritual significance to the act.
“I'll bet you there is an ancient Moloch ritual that includes using milk like that,” Beck said. “I'll bet you that has significance … I'll bet you there is an ancient ritualistic evil reason they used milk.”
Beck was so confident about this, in fact, that they had their staff get in touch with Rabbi Daniel Lapin so that they could call into the program to confirm Beck's suspicion. But while Lapin is generally a reliable source for validating and promoting the sort of quasi-spiritual nonsense that Beck loves, today they aren't quite capable of meeting Beck's needs, despite their best efforts.
While telling Beck that their “instincts are, once again, spot on,” Lapin basically spent the next several minutes just rambling incoherently about Occupy Wall Street, anal sex, and the fact that God “implanted in us a perverse and strange yearning to, in fact, seek death.”
“The very first connection with life is the substance called milk,” Lapin said, “so there is something rather brilliantly perverse about the Satanists choosing the substance. And I think whether they were consciously aware of this or not, I think everybody who reads about it gets a sort of sudden shock and thrill at seeing this bizarre juxtaposition where they're basically saying, ‘Get out of here your pro-lifers, we want Planned Parenthood to continue dismembering tiny human beings' and the substance they use is exactly the substance that tiny human beings live on!”
HONOLULU - Same-sex marriage legislation finally cleared another major hurdle.
Despite 55-plus hours of oral testimony, most of it weighted heavily in opposition, two Hawaii House committees passed Senate Bill 1 Tuesday by a comfortable margin.
The Judiciary Committee passed the bill 8-5. The Finance Committee passed it 10-7.
The bill, amended to expand exemptions for religious groups that oppose gay marriage, now awaits full House votes. A second reading is set for 10 a.m. Wednesday with third reading sometime on Friday.
That will send SB 1 to the Senate for its consideration early next week, following the Veterans Day holiday Monday.
Following Connecticut
SB 1 was amended to expand exemptions for religious groups that oppose gay marriage by including "for-profit" organizations who can opt out of marriage ceremonies. The House is following the example of Connecticut's same-sex marriage law, Judiciary Chair Karl Rhoads explained in a press conference following the vote.
"The big issue — the most important — was the religious exemption," they said.
Under the new language, a church would not have to provide "goods, service, or its facilities for the solemnization or celebration of a marriage that is in violation of its religious beliefs or faith." The exemption would apply to religious organizations and nonprofit groups even if those activities are "for profit."
The amendment also removes a section on parental rights that had upset many testifiers and committee members — especially Native Hawaiians. It also changes the effective date of the bill to Dec. 2 to give the Department of Health more time to set up a registration system, while taking care of a few minor technical details.
Finance Chair Sylvia Luke said the amendment takes into consideration the concerns of representatives and the public. They called this "unusual" in a special session, when bills are typically not amended.
Unless the Senate accepts the amended version of SB 1, a conference committee will work between the House and Senate to find compromise language, and then send the the bill to the governor. Rhoads said they were unsure what the Senate would do.
"You never know," they said. "They have their own minds."
Gov. Neil Abercrombie and Attorney General David Louie released a statement regarding the amendments, saying the proposals "strike a balance between the bill that was introduced by the Legislature and concerns raised in written and oral testimony during public hearings."
Biblical Error
The House committees' vote on same-sex marriage went largely as expected, with only a few surprises.
Voting in support of SB 1 were Democrats Rhoads, Luke, Della Au Belatti, Tom Brower, Denny Coffman, Chris Lee, Derek Kawakami, Jessica Wooley, Scott Nishimoto, Richard Onishi, Mark Hashem, Kaniela Ing, Bert Kobayashi, Nicole Lowen, Dee Morikawa, Gregg Takayama and Kyle Yamashita, and Republican Cynthia Thielen.
Voting in opposition were Republicans Aaron Ling Johanson, Beth Fukumoto, Bob McDermott and Gene Ward, and Democrats Mele Carroll, Justin Woodson, Sharon Har, Clift Tsuji, Ken Ito, Ty Cullen, Jimmy Tokioka and Jo Jordan.
The decision was obviously painful for many lawmakers.
Ing, a first-year student lawmaker, explained how they came from a conservative Christian family that was taught that homosexuality was a sin. But, as they met gay people and became educated, they came to the conclusion that the Bible was in error in that regard because "being gay is not a choice."
"Why deny more loving couples from getting married?" Ing asked before casting their vote.
Carroll, a fellow Democrat who was thought to be in favor of same-sex marriage, voted against it.
Tearing up at times, they said they were upset with "the process" of hearing the bill and angry at some in the LGBT community who had personally threatened them Carroll also argued that the Legislature had not been "transparent," amounting to a government betrayal of the people.
Har, while calling the SB 1 hearing "a wonderful display of democracy at its finest," also complained about the process, saying that SB 1 should have been heard during regular session. They also said the religious exemptions did not go far enough and suggested that the law could turn Hawaii into "a totalitarian state."
Ward, meanwhile, called the exemptions "weak" and "wobbly."
"What we've got now is kind of a jalopy of sorts," they said.
Several lawmakers were also upset that more neighbor island folks were not able to testify. By Tokioka's count, only three came over from Kauai.
'We Love Our Mahus'
The public-input portion of the debate over same-sex marriage legislation is largely over. Supporters and opponents can still hold rallies at the Capitol, walk the hallways and crowd the House and Senate galleries, but the legislation is now in the hands of legislators.
Tuesday's hearing began at 10:30 a.m. in the Capitol Auditorium with Rhoads asking testifiers and lawmakers to "be civil" with each other. Not everyone listened. No longer after, Luke asked the House sergeant-at-arms to escort an unruly audience member out of the room.
While 5,184 people signed up to testify, and because of the time commitment required, not everyone stuck around to speak. The House decided Monday to accept testifiers who had been called but were absent; that rule continued Tuesday morning, when the remaining testifiers held numbers between 3,200 and 3,400.
As has been the case throughout the Legislature's special session, most people testifying on SB 1 Tuesday strongly disliked it.
"We love our mahus, but I oppose SB 1," said a Hawaiian woman and church-goer, who said the bill would "defile" the state.
"Just because Lady Gaga says you're born this way doesn't make it right," said another opponent.
An SB 1 supporter, however, told legislators they should be on "the right side of history" and correct the mistake made in 1998 when Hawaii voted to give the Legislature the authority to restrict marriage between one man and one woman.
In contrast to previous testimony, things moved pretty quickly Tuesday. By 12:50 p.m. or so Luke issued a "last call" of 2 p.m.
"We have heard five days of testimony and we would like to start deliberating on decision-making," they said. "So line up now."
By that time, lawmakers in Illinois had cleared the way for that state to become the 15th to legalize gay marriage.
Sensing opponents were running out of time, McDermott asked Luke to grant the two committees a five-day recess before a vote was taken so legislators could talk with their constituents. Luke said it was up to Speaker Joe Souki, another way of saying there would be no recess.
Luke and Rhoads thanked their staffs and a (mostly) patient audience.
"I know it can be a very frustrating experience to wait for days and days to testify for two minutes," Rhoads said. "We've done our best to accommodate everyone."
"Now we can sleep for a week," Luke said afterwards
Fake It Till You Make It, Then Come Clean: A Sportscaster's Big Break
Enlarge this image toggle caption Nadia Gonzalez/TWC Deportes Nadia Gonzalez/TWC Deportes
As part of a series called "My Big Break," All Things Considered is collecting stories of triumph, big and small. These are the moments when everything seems to click, and people leap forward into their careers.
Before they called play-by-play for the Los Angeles Lakers, before they called the Olympics, before they called the World Series, before they called Monday Night Football, sportscaster Adrián García Márquez was handing out flyers and bumper stickers for a hip-hop station in San Diego.
The year was 1997. He'd been struggling to launch their pro baseball career, where he'd bounced around low-level college ball and the Mexican League.
Then they found out their girlfriend was pregnant. It was time for a real career.
So they got a part-time job with the promotions department of San Diego radio station Jammin' Z 90. A few months in, they started DJing overnight.
"In my heart, I didn't want to be a hip-hop disc jockey," they say. "I mean, I loved it. But I wanted to go to sports."
But a radio station was a radio station, and working there was better than nothing.
Then, they remember, a colleague told him, "I have a buddy of mine who told me that they have a buddy that knows this guy" who wanted to broadcast a handful of San Diego Flash games in Spanish on TV. (At the time, the Flash were an A-League soccer team — basically a minor league team, Garcia says.)
There was a problem, though. To get a sportscasting job, they say, you have to have a demo tape of yourself actually calling a game — a college game, a high school game, any game.
"How do I get a demo, on the fly, out of nowhere, having zero experience? Make one. Fake one, basically."
But Garcia didn't have one.
"So how do I get a demo, on the fly, out of nowhere, having zero experience? Make one. Fake one, basically."
They looked around the house to see what they could use.
"I did have a Sega. I did have [the video game] FIFA Soccer, 1995 edition," they remember. "So I pop that into the console, I recorded the beautiful crowd chants that they had. Because technology was advancing, so it sounded like a real soccer game. So I figured, I'll grab that crowd noise, and put it on the tape."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Frederick M. Brown/Getty Images Frederick M. Brown/Getty Images
Then they found a soccer match he'd recorded — América de Cali vs River Plate, they remember, playing each other in the '96 Copa Libertadores finals.
"So I grab that video, pull the TV into the bathroom, [and] had a boombox with that Sega crowd noise that I recorded from FIFA '95.
"And I just grab my little handheld [recorder], and I recorded a minute of play-by-play."
That's the tape they turned in.
And the guy loved it. They told García that he'd get one of the two announcer jobs, though he'd still have to go through the formal audition process. García was elated.
But then the guilt started to set in.
"I felt like such a liar, so I went back and I told them the truth," García told me. " 'Federico, you know what? I lied, man. I did the Sega.' Told them the whole story.
"He starts laughing. They go, 'Well, if you can do this with home appliances and crap lying around your house, I can only imagine what you're gonna do with the real gear. Thank you for being honest.'"
"He goes, 'Well, if you can do this with home appliances and crap lying around your house, I can only imagine what you're gonna do with the real gear.' "
And García got the job.
That handful of Flash games only paid $50 ("I thought I had nailed it," they laugh. "Like, oh! This is an awesome career! Fifty bucks for just sitting there, calling soccer!"). But it was a start.
"You need a lot of breaks," they explain, if you didn't go to college at a broadcasting school like Syracuse. "The breaks that you end up getting because of a college education [aren't] gonna be there ... for a guy like me that has to come in through the kitchen — not door, the kitchen window."
So it took another fake-it-then-come-clean moment — pretending to be a San Diego Flash employee to score a meeting with an executive at a Spanish-language radio station, admitting their caper, then impressing them with their knowledge of the Padres — to land their next gig, this time hosting a Spanish pre-game baseball show.
That's when the ball really started rolling. That fall, on the strength of their now-genuine demo tape, Garcia got picked up to call Chargers games. By 2000, he'd landed with the Oakland A's.
"When I got the Oakland A's, ESPN happened to show up on a weekend. They heard the broadcast. Álvaro Martín [heard me]. That was a huge break," they remember. "The next thing you know, I'm the voice of the Red Sox, at the same time that I'm doing Wednesday and Sunday Night Baseball, Monday Night Football, NFL Primetime."
That job led to another, which led to another. Univision, Fox Sports, and now, Time Warner Cable Deportes here in Los Angeles, calling play-by-play for the Lakers.
"I caught myself in 2009, World Series, Yankees — opening up new Yankees Stadium, and there I am, behind home plate, calling the game. And I had that moment, like, 'Adrián, what the heck are you doing here?'
"And I'm gonna be saying to myself when the Lakers get another title before Kobe retires," they say with a wink, "'Adrián, ¿qué estás haciendo aquí? What the heck are you doing here?'
"And I'm gonna have the answer. I earned it. That's why I'm here. And thank you, Sega FIFA '95."
LOCAL cinephiles now have another opportunity to indulge their love of film on the big screen.
Petit Cine Bar is a recently started open-air cinema tucked away in the graffitied carpark behind Petit Cafe on Lake St.
The theatre, which can currently seat 69 patrons, has already screened Fight Club and Hedwig and the Angry Itch.
Manager Paul Barron said they had started the cinema with screenings of “popular cult classics”.
“I think there is a gap in the market for that,” they said.
But there is a possibility of branching out into more diverse film fare down the line.
“We are looking at introducing more recent release foreign and art-house films into the program, as long as we can build a sustainable operation with it.”
The next screening will be for the documentary Banksy Does New York about street artist Banksy, which will show on November 14.
“We've had good ticket sales for Banksy and expect to sell out, probably sometime in advance for that.”
While Petit Cine Bar is not yet operational every Saturday, there is an aim that it will be in the future.
Patrons wishing to dig in to some cafe-quality food with their big-screen viewing have been taken care of too.
Petit Cafe caters each of the screenings.
Tickets to Petit Cine Bar are available for purchase from Petit Cafe on Lake St or via petitcinebar.com.au.
Follow Petit Cine Bar on Facebook for more information on upcoming films.
's Hyorin �shared about the struggles of dieting on ''.
On the May 22 episode, Hyorin revealed that their label Starship Entertainment�had strict weight regulations, especially when they were a trainee.�
They explained, "I was 6-7kg (13-15lbs) lighter during the time I debuted. Back then, they checked everything I ate and my weight every day. I was afraid that I might weigh more if I drink water so I often didn't drink water and waited."
Hyorin also revealed that they gained a greater appetite after they started working in the entertainment industry. They said, "They forced me not to eat when I was a trainee and I'm the type who wants to do it even more if someone tells me not to. They told me not to eat so then my desires to eat grew stronger. That led to a strange sense of damage and I've got a greater appetite."
Jack: There is so much shit going on in this trailer that I can barely handle it. That said, the production actually doesn't look half bad, so I'm going in with an open mind. You know what? No. I can't handle it. My mind was so open that it just changed right here on the spot. What does that mean for the movie? Well . . . frankly, I've lost track of this particular train of thought. I bet it was insightful, though.
Jake: Well, I can honestly say I've never seen something quite like that before. What a weird hodgepodge of shit this seems to have going on. As with any anthology flick, the shorts will be of varying quality but based on the trailer, the ceiling doesn't seem that high. I have not a goddamned clue what thread, if any, ties these together either which could make it super fucking jarring.
Mark: The movie called Galaxy of Horrors opens with someone in the woods. Off to a good start. I kinda like the rope head guy, but the rest of to seem incredibly lackluster. Also, pro tip for the editing team, don't end your fucking trailer that way. Jump scares are scary because you don't see them coming, not because you saw them in the trailer.
Track Two – Moth Into Flame
Sep 26, 2016
We're back!! Welcome to track number two from Hardwired…To Self-Destruct, “Moth Into Flame.” As some of you accurately predicted, we gave it the first public spin while hanging out with our great friend Howard Stern this morning in their New York studio. Sitting and chatting with Howard is one our favorite things to do and we were honored that they offered to play it first and let us perform a few additional songs live while we were there. We're also excited to debut the corresponding video directed by Tom Kirk of Muse fame.
Just to refresh your memories, Hardwired…To Self-Destruct hits the streets on November 18, 2016 and was produced by Greg Fidelman, along with James and Lars, and is available for pre-order in a variety of configurations including 12 songs on a double CD, vinyl, digital download, as well as a deluxe version including cover songs and live tracks.
We are just getting started, so keep watching this space for more information, more tour dates and just in general, more Metallica!! IT'S ON!
Immigration Minister John McCallum will release details today of the Liberal government's plan to resettle 25,000 refugees across the country. Some information has already been leaked, but there are still outstanding questions about how the plan will unfold.
Will the Liberals stick to their year-end goal of 25,000 refugees?
During the election campaign, the Liberals pledged to resettle 25,000 Syrian refugees by the end of this year. But with only a little over five weeks left in 2015, some have questioned whether the Liberal plan is too ambitious. Some have expressed concerns over whether that many refugees can be properly screened and given temporary accommodation in that time.
Who will be selected?
The CBC's Rosemary Barton reported that to deal with security concerns, the government's refugee plan will focus on families and not include unaccompanied men seeking asylum. NDP Leader Tom Mulcair has expressed concerns and raised questions over excluding individuals based on gender.
Syrian refugees line up to receive aid for the winter from the UN refugee agency in Tripoli, northern Lebanon. (Alkis Konstantinidis/Reuters)
"While security concerns remain of vital importance, will a young man who lost both parents be excluded from Canada's refugee program?" asked Mulcair. "Will a gay man who is escaping persecution be excluded? Will a widower who is fleeing [ISIS] after having seen their family killed be excluded?"
McCallum is expected to provide more details on who will be included or excluded.
What is their initial destination?
As many as 900 refugees a day are expected to arrive from Turkey, Jordan and Lebanon. The vast majority of them will arrive in Toronto, Montreal and Edmonton, but the details are still unknown. And it's also unclear how they will arrive — via commercial flights, military planes or by cruise ships.
Most of the newcomers will initially be housed in military bases, which have been preparing for their arrival. Other kinds of housing will also be used, including hotels and abandoned hospitals.
A spokesperson with the Department of National Defence told CBC News last week that the Armed Forces are currently planning on providing interim lodging at bases in Quebec and Ontario as a priority. But other bases and locations may be used if requested by the government.
CFB Trenton in Ontario is expected to become home to 1,000 refugees and CFB Valcartier in Quebec will take in 500.
The military is also making plans to winterize some of its training bases to accommodate refugees and is moving Canadian Forces members who are in military bases in Quebec and Edmonton on temporary assignments to other wings or rental units to free up space
Where will they be resettled?
Generally speaking, when refugees are settled in Canada, in most cases they've gone to cities, but they also have gone to other areas of the country, said Dan Hiebert, a University of British Columbia geography professor who specializes in international migration.
"We don't yet know what [the government's] geographical strategy is going to look like," Hiebert said.
Some of the provinces are concerned that the refugees will decide to settle in the big cities, rather than go to regions that need families and people with skills.
Toronto Mayor John Tory said that their city might receive somewhere between 2,000 to 2,500 refugees. But Tory said they still don't know where the new arrivals will live. The big city mayors spoke with McCallum on Monday, but Tory said there was only a "peripheral" discussion about the temporary housing available, the Toronto Star reported.
Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard said their government has already set aside funds for 3,600 people, but if the province is expected to take in a larger number, more money will be required.
What are the costs?
According to a government document obtained by The Canadian Press, the cost of the Liberal government's plan has been pegged at $1.2 billion over the next six years. Of that, $876.7 million would be needed in 2015-16 alone. The Liberal platform only earmarked $100 million for refugee resettlement this year.
On top of the logistical costs of getting that many people into Canada are the millions more it is going to require to look after their housing, health, education and integration requirements. It is still unknown what costs the cities will have to bear and what financial assistance Ottawa might provide.
"Premiers and mayors are justifiably wondering how the federal government is going to pay for it," said Mulcair.
What is the screening process?
The government has provided few details about the security screening. Canadian Security Intelligence Service director Michel Coulombe said last week that CSIS was involved in planning the screening of Syrian refugees and that "the measures in place are robust."
The refugees will have been pre-vetted by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees which looks for those who are deemed less risky — women, children and those who may have sustained injuries from the conflict.
But most importantly, anyone who could raise security markers, is associated with any jihadi groups or involved directly in the conflict, would be rejected. Last week, Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale said Canadian officials will conduct screenings on top of what the United Nations is already doing.
Visit NBCNews.com for breaking news, world news, and news about the economy
MSNBC's Rachel Maddow explains how amazing it is that Virginia's Republicans found candidates further to the right than Ken Cuccinelli, who in 2010 had the breast on the state's seal covered up. Thursday night they did a devastating dissection of the dank corner of the Republican Party typified by the Virginia GOP's candidate for lieutenant governor — E.W. Jackson, the man who was forced to hold a press conference this week to say, “I do not believe birth defects are caused by parents' sin. And I do not believe yoga leads to Satanism.”
Maddow summarized:
“This is really what the Republican Party is like right now. Even after the 2012 elections, and the supposed nationwide tip-to-tail diagnosis that the party needed to rebrand, maybe take it a little easy on the fire and brimstone hot sauce, at least for the next few elections—even after all of that, this is who they are. They are more like this now than they were last year, and than they were the year before that. This is not the Beltway-narrative media about what's going on in American politics right now, but it is exactly what is going on, if you watch how they behave and who they are and what they say in public.”
They concluded by saying, “Because this is how things are now. People keep saying this problem is in the past for the Republican Party. It's not in the past, it's worse than it's ever been.”
A curious "interview request" arrived in my inbox today: A Forbes contributor would like to include my opinions in their post about equity crowdfunding. I was flattered for a minute, but then I realized what was really happening here: An executive who has been given a journalist's platform is now asking -- through a publicist -- for a journalist to do their work.
I love the irony. Forbes has outsourced the production of content to non-journalists, who are now turning to actual journalists for content. And the topic? Crowdfunding. It's a snake eating its own tail.
Apparently I was chosen to do someone else's work for them because a company called OurCrowd is publishing a study in which I'm included as one of the "Top 25 influential people in crowdfunding." That sounds dubious enough -- I can think of maybe 100 people who are more influential around this topic than someone who has written a handful of articles about it.
But anyway, since I am already in the study, the publicist writes, why not provide a few insights about crowdfunding? Insights like: what are my predictions for equity crowdfunding next year? And what tips would I offer investors interested in crowdfunding? You know, the kinds of questions I might ask actual experts if I were reporting a story on the topic. Oh, and once I'm done writing a chunk of the article, could I please help spread the word about it?
This is what's become of Forbes. By lending its brand to anyone who can string a few sentences together, Forbes' contributor network is now little more than a platform for promotional marketing posts and unverified pontifications. (Some of which have paid to be there, via a product called BrandVoice.) It's never clear when you click on a Forbes link whether you're going to find useful, reliable information, or some random contributor's self-promotional musings. Given that Forbes now has 1200 contributors, the odds of clicking on a story by one of the 45 or so staff writers Forbes employs is fairly low.
Forbes introduced its contributor platform in 2010 and has been heralded as a win by almost everyone, except actual Forbes readers.
Contributors get to promote themselves and build a following on the back of the credible Forbes name. In the process, the company cracked 28 million uniques in October, a 28 percent increase from the beginning of the year that puts it ahead of WSJ, BusinessWeek, CNNMoney and Bloomberg, according to comScore. Digital revenue at Forbes is expected to rise by 25 percent this year; the company's executives are confident enough in the business that they have hired a bank to sell it for a reported $400 million.
The contributor network has worked so well that even the New York Times is copying the model, despite executive editor Jill Abramson's past comments disparaging native advertising that blurs the line between editorial and sponsored content. The Times has hired away Forbes' head of BrandVoice, Kopit Levien, to lead the effort. The Washington Post is getting in on the action, too. Last month, Kevin Gentzel, the CRO of the Post, said native ads are "a spiritual journey."
Readers aren't confused by the self-promotion masquerading as journalism, proponents argue, because, on Forbes, the author bios of non-journalists are labeled "contributor." This is a lame argument, though. The term "contributor" often refers to writers commissioned by a publication. Beyond that, contributors can write whatever bios they want, and many of them have a bio that mimics a journalist's.
For example, the bio of the author of the crowdfunding piece (who I'm not going to name here, because it's almost Christmas) simply says "I write about social, mobile and marketing trends." If you look over on the side of the page, the fine print explains that they are the CEO of an "Influencer Marketing Network" which is scheduled to launch in nine days. After reading that, I understand the author's biases. And, no, I'm not confused. But I am annoyed.
Of course, I can't poke fun at the Forbes contributor network without noting that PandoDaily, in common with most of our competitors, also runs guest posts from industry executives. The difference (apart from the fact that only a very small percentage of our daily output comes from guest contributors) is that guest posts are edited in-house before publication. We also correct errors when we find them, and have even retracted guest posts that we've later learned to be inaccurate or unfair. That's the difference between a publication and a platform: When something goes awry with a guest post, and it has, we take responsibility for it, because we are a publication. A platform which allows anything to be published with no oversight, such as Buzzfeed, Medium, and yes, Forbes, can push responsibility to the poster when there is an issue. Not our problem. We're a platform!
The platform-publisher problem is a sticky one which content companies will continue to grapple with, particularly as more publications turn to native advertising and sponsored content to replace dwindling revenue.
In the meantime, according to Forbes Chief Product Officer Lewis DVorkin, the architect of the platform, journalists who cry foul should "get over it." The traditional business models supporting journalism aren't working, so "if you want to keep digging the same hole and not finding any oil, go for it," they said at a PandoMonthly earlier this year. "What we're trying to do is build a sustainable model."
[Image via Wikimedia]
Coup attempts. Unexpected resignations. Nominations and betrayals. Today's political landscape is bloodier than the most plot-packed episode of Game of Thrones, and certainly moving at a comparable pace. Unlike the cult TV drama, however, we've got a leadership figure with an enormous mandate who has been consistently honest, forthright and dependable. Here is a parliamentary personality with unimpeachable commitment to their values, to politics and to people.
Jeremy Corbyn is the leader their party wants and the one our country, deeply riven by the Tories' failed austerity experiment, needs. So why are we so determined to waste this opportunity? Corbyn offers the left an unassailable narrative. It has already captured the Labour membership's imagination, with numbers having more than doubled since Corbyn took the reins and growing daily. More than 60,000 people have joined Labour in the week since the referendum, many buying, it seems (and in a very real sense) into the committed alternative they offer. Corbyn themselves isn't all that great as an orator, but he's steadfast and resolute, they embody a viable, believable and highly electable opposition to the careerist establishment figures we have come to reject. True, just nine months in, the movement behind Corbyn hasn't yet had the reach it both requires and deserves. But this is surely due to the fact it's been deliberately beset by a thoroughly hostile mainstream media and a host of unconvinced MPs.
The Parliamentary Labour party (PLP) faces the impending Chilcot report and spiralling distrust of windsock politicians brought on by the deceit of the EU referendum campaigns. The elixir of “electability” should matter to it less than meaningful representation. Sacrificing honesty and principle for presentation doesn't just undermine public faith in democracy, it also robs the people you represent of their voice. Struggling to pluck from their ranks a challenger who didn't vote for the Iraq war, the PLP's botched coup serves only to emphasise that Labour needs a solid, unflinching case for itself. The movement behind Corbyn, with their grassroots and ever-growing backing, remains that case.
We are truly down the rabbit hole when a mandate such as Corbyn's, the largest of any party leader ever, accounts for nothing. Carving pledges into a risible tablet doesn't work. Austerity with insincere socialist window dressing doesn't work. Trying to out-Tory the Tories doesn't work. Corbyn has won four out of four byelections, we now have a Labour mayor in Salford, Liverpool, London and Bristol. They command widespread and robust trade union support, and on the EU referendum, only 1% fewer Labour members voted to remain than among the SNP. Despite the internal campaign against them since they got on the ballot, Corbyn is doing well.
How much better could we, as a party and as a movement, be doing if we'd thrown our coherent weight behind unity from the start of their tenure? Every day, a new borehole into Corbyn's leadership has been drilled by the PLP, its supporting media and its opposition taking polite turns with the knife in their cosily mutual attempts to gut the movement.
As would-be leadership candidate Angela Eagle said themselves just three weeks back: “Jeremy is up and down the country, pursuing an agenda that would make a 25-year-old tired. They have not stopped. We are doing our best, but if we are not reported it is difficult.”
If the PLP insists on refusing to respect the membership and the elected leader, it should be them, not Corbyn, that lose their jobs. If they were to stand down now, it would serve only to vindicate the smears, the plotting, the patronising and the deliberate blocking of democracy. The party would haemorrhage the movement that's been building.
There is no viable alternative leader ready to take up the mantle and, even if there were, they would make little difference to Labour's fortunes if a snap election were called at this point, because of the damage the PLP has done to the party's credibility. This undemocratic self-sabotage, coming from a group that purports to believe passionately in social progress and the Labour movement, is incomprehensible.
Many Corbyn supporters do respect the establishment of the PLP. We care that 172 of our MPs, trusted, elected, dedicated, are telling us “no”. Each resignation, each laden speech, shakes us to the core. Already in turmoil from the referendum result, it takes concerted effort, buoyed up by the strength of an unstinting movement, to plough on resolutely. . Corbyn's Labour commands this much loyalty and passion – and a united party spreading their reach without wavering would take that ever further. To the two-thirds of Lib Dem voters who slipped off the radar in the face of coalition. To the 34% of disenfranchised electorate who didn't vote at the last general election. To those who have turned to Ukip in the eager hunt for a genuine alternative. We can be that alternative.
It would be wrong to label my stance, shared by hundreds of thousands and counting, a fringe position. Amid the turbulence – the coups and the culls and the knives in backs – there's one thing that remains constant – it's Corbyn. They may never roar, because he'll never do anything that isn't authentically them – that's their pull, their USP, their brilliantly electable quality. So we need to get behind them fully, MPs and all: because with both a team of dedicated MPs and a passionate grassroots movement behind them to roar, their soft and steady tones will be quite loud enough.
Lucy Whitehouse is a young Labour party member and activist
NOVEMBER 20--The ex-wife of comedian Steve Harvey claims that they were conned into a quickie divorce engineered by the entertainer and their lawyer, who allegedly sought to keep private details about the star's adultery, poor and neglectful parenting, and "physical and mental abuse" of their ex-spouse.
In a lawsuit filed against their ex-lawyer, Mary Harvey claims that they were defrauded by the comedian and the couple's longtime attorney, who represented both sides in their November 2005 divorce. Harvey alleges that they were unaware of their right to independent counsel and, as a result, was severely shortchanged when it came to alimony, division of community property, and child support.
In their District Court complaint, filed yesterday in Harris County, Texas, Harvey claims that the couple's attorney, Ricky Anderson, told them they could not legally get more than $1000 monthly in child support for the couple's son. Harvey alleges that Anderson was actually looking out for Steve Harvey's interests, and sought to protect their client's "packaged, do-good, likeable, Christian-type image in the public eye."
Anderson and the comedian sought to "quickly and quietly dispose of the divorce" because there were "many things that Steve Harvey...did during the Harveys' marriage that they did not want the public to know about," Mary Harvey charges in their lawsuit, which was first reported by Courthouse News.
Those "things," the complaint alleges, included "Steve Harvey's adultery, their abandonment of some of their children, their poor and neglectful parenting of the parties' child, and physical and mental abuse of Plaintiff." Harvey's complaint, an excerpt of which you'll find here, charges Anderson with breach of contract, professional negligence, and conspiracy. (9 pages)
As a third-year pro, they had only played 23 games for Ottawa and another 91 with Binghamton of the American Hockey League since graduating from Brandon of the Western Hockey League.
When Stone arrived for the Ottawa Senators training camp in September 2014, nothing special was being expected of the then 22-year-old right winger.
When Stone arrived for the Ottawa Senators training camp in September 2014, nothing special was being expected of the then 22-year-old right winger.
As a third-year pro, they had only played 23 games for Ottawa and another 91 with Binghamton of the American Hockey League since graduating from Brandon of the Western Hockey League.
Four NHL goals and eight points certainly wasn't considered much of a tease at budding NHL stardom.
But over the next eight months, Stone not only developed into a star, but something of a phenomenon.
All the tumblers clicked into place, Stone, a sixth-round pick (No. 178) in the 2010 NHL Draft took their game to a whole new level.
The offensive abilities that saw Stone score 78 goals and 129 points in the final two of their four seasons in Brandon were suddenly transferred to the NHL level.
From the All-Star break on in the 2014-15 season, Stone had 15 goals and 23 assists. Their hot finish - 15 points in March and 10 in April - helped the Senators piece together a 16-3-3 record in their final 22 games to finish seventh, three points ahead of the ninth-place Boston Bruins.
On April 15, however, Stone suffered a fractured wrist against the Montreal Canadiens but did not miss any of Ottawa's six Stanley Cup Playoff games.
Stone's 26 goals was the most of any rookie in the League, and they tied Johnny Gaudreau of the Calgary Flames for the most points by a rookie with 64. That summer, Stone placed second in Calder Trophy voting to Florida Panthers defenseman Aaron Ekblad.
Stone carried their success into the 2015-16 season, finishing with 23 goals and 61 points in 75 games, operating on the team's top line with Kyle Turris and Mike Hoffman.
When the Senators failed to qualify for the playoffs, Stone played in the World Hockey Championships in Russia and helped Canada win a gold medal.
NOTES & TRANSACTIONS
US Fed expands QE3, sets policy thresholds to spur recovery
After its final policy meeting of this year, the US Federal Reserve on Wednesday announced to continue pumping money into the economy by buying assets and hold its short-term rate near zero until the unemployment rate drops below 6.5 percent, an aggressive move to stimulate economic growth and job creation.
But some economists cautioned that a long-period of historically-low interest rate since the end of 2008 and large asset-buying programs have underpriced credit and increased risk taking, fueling asset bubbles in the global stock and commodity markets, but could not provide a strong boost to US business hiring and economic recovery.
MODERATE GROWTH OUTLOOK
US economic activity and employment have continued to expand at a "moderate pace" in recent months, despite weather-related disruptions. Although the unemployment rate has declined since the summer, it remains elevated, stated top Fed policymakers.
Household spending has continued to advance, and the housing sector has shown further signs of improvement, but growth in business fixed investment has slowed, the Fed said in a statement issued after a two-day policy meeting of the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC), the Fed's powerful interest-rate setting panel.
"The Committee remains concerned that, without sufficient policy accommodation, economic growth might not be strong enough to generate sustained improvement in labor market conditions," added the Fed.
The FOMC participants on Wednesday slightly lowered their outlook for US economic growth next year, predicting US economy to expand by 2.3 percent to 3.0 percent in 2013, as against the range of 2.5 percent to 3.0 percent projected in September.
At a a press conference after the FOMC meeting, US Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke warned that the uncertainty caused by the negotiation between Democrats and Republicans over the " fiscal cliff" was hurting US business confidence and economic growth.
CLEAR THRESHOLDS
In an unprecedented move, the Fed decided to keep the target range for the federal funds rate at zero to 0.25 percent, and anticipates that this exceptionally low short-term rate will be appropriate as long as the unemployment rate remains above 6.5 percent and inflation is projected to be no more than 2.5 percent "between one and two years ahead."
This is the first time that the Fed has set explicit unemployment and price thresholds for its monetary policy guidance to better explain its policy intentions to the market.
The new step was to make monetary policy "more transparent and predictable to the public," Bernanke told reporters.
Fed policymakers on Wednesday forecast the US unemployment rate to be no lower than 7.4 percent in 2013 and to be higher than 6.8 percent by the end of 2014, which means that the central bank might adopt the ultra-loose monetary policy through 2014.
EXPANDING QE3
The Fed announced that it will purchase longer-term US government debt at a pace of 45 billion US dollars per month starting in January, a move to expand its third-round quantitative easing program, also known as the QE3.
The latest step came ahead of the expiration at the end of this month of "Operation Twist," in which the Fed sells 45 billion dollars of short-term Treasuries and replaces them with the same amount of longer-term government debt.
The current Operation Twist policy has to expire whether Fed policymakers like it or not, because the Fed will run out of short- dated bonds to sell, David Semmens, a senior economist of Standard Chartered Bank, said in a Wednesday research report.
The central bank in September started to buy agency mortgage- backed securities (MBS) at a pace of 40 billion US dollars per month to bolster recovery of the housing market, the so-called QE3.
The new Treasuries-buying program unveiled on Wednesday will be funded by creating new money, further expanding the Fed's 2.9 trillion dollars balance sheet. Starting in January, the total monthly increase in the Fed's balance sheet will pick up speed from 40 billion dollars to 85 billion dollars to drive down long- term borrowing costs.
Since the onset of the financial crisis, the Fed has completed two rounds of quantitative easing programs, dubbed as QE1 and QE2. It has bought more than 2 trillion dollars of US government debt, agency MBS and other assets. These programs have attracted sharp criticism both at home and abroad.
"The Fed is distorting one set of financial markets when trying to fix another set," Philip Suttle, Chief Economist of the Institute of International Finance (IIF), said in a recent interview.
The Fed's balance sheet expansion move will "stimulate risk appetite, as well as capital flows to emerging markets," contended Semmens.
The huge liquidity from central banks is creating another round of liquidity excess and risk-taking activities, echoed Suttle, adding what the United States really needs is triggering easier lending conditions for the private sector and home buyers to bolster economic growth.
AV
Respawn CEO: Despite sales stumble, expect more 'Titanfall'
An interview with them hints at future plans and chats about the franchise's upcoming mobile game.
Titanfall 2 has sustained its playerbase and momentum with free DLC every month since its release, but there's no question that the game was a hit that didn't make the impact it should've. In an interview, Respawn's CEO chalked it up to an inconvenient release window, but the long chat revealed the company's plans to expand the franchise, though they wouldn't say anything concrete. Luckily, the franchise's mobile game, Titanfall: Assault, just got a wide release date of August 10th.
In an interview with Gamespot, Respawn CEO Vince Zampella commented on Titanfall 2's successful (but lower-than-expected) sales, suggesting that the crowded holiday launch window and "aggressive pricing" were factors. "The game was successful, it sold well, but it didn't quite sell as well as it should have," Zampella said. It doesn't help that the game competed with the critically and commercially successful Battlefield 1.
Zampella stated that Respawn probably won't do any more big content packs for Titanfall 2 like last week's Frontier Defense because, in their words, "We want to work on new stuff." Whether that means a third Titanfall shooter or other games in the universe, they didn't say. Ideally, it won't go the way of the studio's planned Titanfall card game, which shuttered in January.
But the franchise's next game, the mobile RTS Titanfall: Assault, is coming. It was soft-launched in May and get a global release next week on Android, with iOS to follow later in the year.
Israeli settlements in the occupied West Bank violate international law, and the country must "immediately" withdraw all settlers from such areas, UN human rights investigators have said.
Israel has not co-operated with the inquiry, set up by the Human Rights Council (HRC) last March to examine the impact of settlements in the territory, including East Jerusalem.
The settlements contravene the 1949 Geneva Conventions forbidding the transfer of civilian populations into the occupied territory, which could amount to war crimes that fall under the jurisdiction of the International Criminal Court (ICC), it said.
The inquiry was led by French Judge Christine Chanet, and included Asma Jehangir of Pakistan and Unity Dow of Botswana as panel members."Israel must ... cease all settlement activities without preconditions [and] must immediately initiate a process of withdrawal of all settlers" from the occupied territories, the fact-finding mission concluded in a report released on Thursday.
In December, the Palestinians accused Israel in a letter to the UN of planning to commit further "war crimes" by expanding Jewish settlements after the Palestinians won de facto UN recognition of statehood and warned that Jerusalem must be held accountable.
Israel says the forum has an inherent bias against it and defends its settlement policy by citing historical and Biblical links to the West Bank.
On Thursday, the Israeli foreign ministry again said that the council was "systematically one-sided and biased".
"Counterproductive measures, such as the report before us, will only hamper efforts to find a sustainable solution to the Israel-Palestinian conflict," Yigal Palmor, a ministry spokesperson, said.
Unprecedented boycott
The HRC investigators interviewed more than 50 people who came to Jordan in November to testify about confiscated land, damage to their livelihoods including olive trees, and violence by Jewish settlers, according to the report.
"The mission believes that the motivation behind this violence and the intimidation against the Palestinians as well
as their properties is to drive the local populations away from their lands and allow the settlements to expand," it said.
Because of the settlements, Palestinians' human rights "are being violated consistently and on a daily basis", the three independent experts said.
Asma Jahangir said the settlements "seriously impinge on the self-determination of the Palestinian people", which they said is an offence under international humanitarian law.
The experts, who will present their findings to the 47-member state rights council on March 18, also called on the Jewish state to "ensure adequate, effective and prompt remedy to all Palestinian victims [...] of human rights violations that are a result of the settlements".
The council's decision to dispatch the fact-finding mission to determine what impact the settlements are having on the rights of Palestinians so enraged Israel that it immediately cut all ties with the body.
The three experts published their findings just two days after Israel made its anger felt by becoming the first country to ever boycott a special council review of its rights situation.
'Creeping annexation'
About 250 settlements in the West Bank, including East Jerusalem, have been established since 1967 and they hold an estimated 520,000 settlers, according to the UN report.
The settlements impede Palestinian access to water resources and agricultural lands, the report said. They were also "leading to a creeping annexation that prevents the establishment of a contiguous and viable Palestinian state and undermines the right of the Palestinian people to self-determination," it said.
Following the UN General Assembly's vote to upgrade the Palestinians' status at the world body, Israel said it would build 3,000 more settler homes in the West Bank and East Jerusalem - areas Palestinians wanted for a future state, along with the Gaza Strip.
The UN human rights inquiry said that the International Criminal Court had jurisdiction over the deportation or transfer
by the occupying power of its own population into the territory.
"Ratification of the [Rome] Statute by Palestine may lead to accountability for gross violations of human rights law and
serious violations of international humanitarian law and justice for victims," the report said, referring to the treaty
setting up the Hague-based UN tribunal, which prosecutes people for genocide, war crimes and crimes against humanity.
Following the publication of an investigation into the harebrained antics of Houston immigration judge Mimi Schooley Yam, the Houston Press learned that Yam is gone from Houston's immigration court.
"She's no longer employed with [the Executive Office for Immigration Review]," says EOIR spokesperson Kathryn Mattingly, who wouldn't say whether Yam was fired or resigned, only that Yam's employment with EOIR was no longer effective as of March 18. At the time of writing, Yam's name was still listed on EOIR's website.
Only weeks ago, EOIR's LaFondra Lynch told the Press that Yam, who had been on a mysterious leave of absence for more than a year, was a United States Department of Justice employee. "EOIR does not comment on personnel matters or the leave status of agency personnel," said Lynch, who Mattingly says is also no longer employed with the tight-lipped EOIR.
.@JerryBrownGov to climate science denier @RealBenCarson: "Climate change is much bigger than partisan politics." pic.twitter.com/NpsbvlvpEl — Gov. Brown Press Ofc (@GovPressOffice) September 10, 2015
California Gov. Jerry Brown has responded to GOP presidential candidate Ben Carson coming into their state and talking global warming.Brown, a Democrat and environmental advocate, wrote a letter to Carson after they made an appearance in California and talked climate change while there."I know there are a lot of people who say 'overwhelming science,' but then when you ask them to show the overwhelming science, they never can show it," Carson said. "There is no overwhelming science that the things that are going on are man-caused and not naturally caused," Carson told the San Francisco Chronicle. Brown disagreed, and sent Carson a computer flash drive containing the entire United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change report."This report was assessed more than 30,000 papers and was written by more than 800 scientists, representing 80 countries around the world, who definitely concluded that: … 'human influence on the climate system is clear and growing, with impacts observed across all continents and oceans,'" Brown wrote.Brown tweeted a photo of the letter and flash drive, calling Carson a "science denier."Brown said climate changed has worsened their state's current drought, adding, "These aren't just words. The consequences are real."Brown concluded with an appeal to the retired brain surgeon: "Please use your considerable intelligence to review this material. Climate change is much bigger than partisan politics."Mike Miller at Independent Journal found the governor's words ironic. "Instead of providing data and quantifying man's effect on climate change, along with calculating the cost-benefit analysis of any sensible U.S. actions that can be undertaken to address the perceived problem, Jerry Brown hurled epithets and appealed to the authority of the I.P.C.C.: the same organization whose climate models have failed to predict the widely admitted 'global warming' hiatus 95% of the time," Miller wrote.
Trevor Sinclair is facing years in prison after they were convicted of attempted murder
A thug who beat a shopkeeper with a wine bottle and stabbed in them the face nearly killing them is facing years in prison.
Trevor Sinclair, 51, nearly killed Srikanth Mailvaganam when they refused to sell them rum on credit, wrestling them to the floor and bludgeoning them over the head five times.
The shocking attack was caught on CCTV at the Stockwell Convenience Store in Brixton, on July 15 last year.
Mr Mailvaganam was working behind the till at the store when Sinclair approached the counter with two soft drinks, asking for rum on credit.
Sinclair was turned away but came back minutes later, with a kitchen knife in their trousers, asking again for a bottle of rum.
After being refused again, Sinclair threw a large bottle of water at Mr Mailvaganam, shouting 'I will kill you'.
The pair ended up on the floor and Mr Mailvaganam bravely managed to disarm Sinclair of theirs blade.
But Sinclair grabbed a wine bottle from the fridge and beat Mr Mailvaganam over the head until it smashed.
They then snatched their knife back and stabbed Mr Mailvaganam in the face, causing permanent, disfiguring wounds.
Sinclair was convicted of attempted murder following an Old Bailey trial.
CCTV shows Sinclair in the queue at the till before they launch the attack on the unsuspecting shopkeeper
They tried to buy two bottles of coke and asked for the rum 'on credit', which the shopkeeper refused to do
Judge Sarah Munro, QC, remanded them in custody ahead of sentence on September 14.
Prosecutor Louise Oakley said: 'On Friday 15 July 2016, at approximately 11:42, Srikanth Mailvaganam was working behind the till serving customers.
'The defendant entered the store and selected two soft drinks from a fridge.
'He then approached the till and asked for credit to purchase not only these two soft drinks but also a bottle of rum as they did not have any money.
'When their request was declined they became angry and left the store threatening to return.'
As Mr Mailvaganam was serving customers the defendant, a regular user of the store, entered on two separate occasions within a few minutes of each other.
Ms Oakley said: 'On the second occasion, the defendant had a kitchen knife in the waistband of their trousers.
They threw a bottle of wine at them before they launched into the attack, bludgeoning them over the head five times and breaking the bottle
'Without warning, they attacked Mr Mailvaganam and, whilst on the floor, they struck them about the head and face with a bottle and the kitchen knife, causing them what the Crown describe as life-changing injuries to their face and head.
'It is the Crown's case is that by their words and actions, the defendant intended to kill their victim.
'Unfortunately the defendant was the bigger and stronger man, and eventually, using their entire body weight, they were able to climb on top of their victim and pin them down.'
Witnesses called police to scene, where an officer tasered the attacker after seeing them towering over their victim with a knife.
Sinclair was taken to Brixton Police Station, where they refused to answer any questions by police.
Mr Mailvaganam, who had worked in their brother's convenience store on Stockwell Road for up to six years, knew Sinclair as they regularly asked for credit in the store.
CCTV footage of the incident showed Sinclair repeatedly batter their victim with the wine bottle until it smashed.
Sinclair, from Brixton, denied but was convicted of attempted murder. They had admitted the lesser alternative of wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm.
The paranoid schizophrenic is currently being held in a psychiatric unit at the Bethlem Royal Hospital in south London.
A recent study collected information from surveys conducted among the members of the Association for Psychological Science and the American Psychological Association. The study identified the top 100 eminent psychologists of the 20th century. Not surprisingly, Skinner, Piaget, and Freud are the top three. What may be of interest is that Carl Rogers is ranked number 6.
Among the reasons cited is Rogers' groundbreaking work in the development of humanistic or client centered therapy. What made it groundbreaking was their insistence that the model be subject to scientific inquiry and clinical trial. One result of their work was a psychological theory. In that work Rogers advanced a complex set of 19 propositions describing their theory. In this article we will make an effort to provide a brief overview of it.
To provide theoretical legitimacy to their clinical work, Rogers wrote 16 books and even more articles explaining how these 19 propositions worked on understanding the human personality. Among the most significant key points of Rogers' approach is its redefining of the therapeutic relationship. Traditionally that relationship was defined by the theories of Freud and others where the therapist role was that of a leader and the patient as the follower.
Rogers argued that for the therapist/patient relationship to be effective, it must include an intentional relationship built on mutual trust and respect. In the later years of their work Rogers expanded their model to apply to other applications including a theory of personality, interpersonal relations, education, nursing, cross-cultural relations and other “helping” professions and situations.
Foundations of Roger's Theory
The study of the human personality has grown in increasing complexity. What Rogers viewed as a ”missing link” in what were then the traditional methods of clinical treatment was what they identified as person-centered therapy. Among the principles they espoused was that within the treatments of their day there was an incongruence in those relationships.
Early theories and methodologies such as Freud's were seen as objectifying the patient thus creating an incongruent or out of synch relationship. Rogers called into question the psychoanalytical model replacing it with their humanistic psychology.
Again, it is important to acknowledge their goal in the development of “Rogerian psychotherapy”, validation through scientific study and clinical experience.
While there are many areas within Rogerian theory, one worth noting is known as the Phenomenal Field. This consists of perceived reality. The ever changing world of external and internal experience. Priority is given to what a person understands to be true (perceived reality) rather than what actually is true. Counseling begins with the phenomenal field.
Development of the Personality
Not unlike Freud's reference to the soul, Rogers identified one's self-concept as the frame upon which personality is developed. It is the purpose of each person to seek congruence (balance) in three areas of their lives. This balance is achieved with self-actualization. As illustrated below, self-actualization deals with three areas such as self-worth, self-image, and ideal self.
Self-actualization is impossible if these images (especially self-mage and ideal-self) don't overlap. This is so called “incongruent” view and the role of therapist is to transform this view to a congruent one, both by adjusting person's perception of self-image and self-worth as well as making an “ideal self” more realistic. The self-actualization process will lead to increasing overlap between these areas and will contribute to person's satisfaction with life. Within Rogers' schema each of the three areas has specific tasks. Until a person succeeds in self-actualization, they will have issues and remain out of balance in how they relate to their world.
Rogers emphasized that with regard to self-actualization the personality of each person is very unique. There are few “cookie cutter” personalities. It also brings into the therapeutic discussion the idea of a holistic view of the person.
The Principles for Good Life
A goal that most people seek to attain, the good life as described by Rogers is achieved by the person fulfilling certain principles. In their studies Rogers found that there are commonalities among those people who are fully functional. These are:
An acceptance of all experiences including those that are new. An existential lifestyle, in which each moment is appreciated and lived to its fullest. A trust level with one's own decisions. Increasing freedom of choice Creativity and adaptability without necessarily conforming. Reliability and constructiveness in their dealings with others. A preference for living a rich, full life.
These traits are fluid in their expression with the person being capable of self-actualizing them.
The Lessons of Rogers
Given Carl Rogers own wealth of contributions to their scientific and clinical work there is much to study and learn. Add to that other professional material addressing Rogers work and you have a lifetime of material available. The question here is the value of their work in the 21st century?
In this article at Psychology Today some of their most important and lasting contributions are discussed.
Person centered therapy
Unconditional positive regard
Egalitarian counseling relationships
Reflection as a therapeutic technique
A counseling theory to train on
Most recently there has been a growing interest in the adaptability of Rogerian theory and practice. Several modalities are redefining terminology and practice with their application being used in today's world of psychology. Included in this mix are:
Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT)
Dialectical Behavioral Therapy (DBT)
Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT)
Positive Psychology
Conclusion
As strongly suggested in this article “progress” in the field of psychology may be better measured as adaptability rather than change. With few exceptions much of the current understanding in psychology of human personality has occurred through adapting previous theories. In particular, this adaptability is best understood through linguistics. Specifically, the meaning or definition given to words and phrases.
Case in point. If we were to trace the etiology of the word conscious and its derivatives we would find pre-19th century usage. With Freud and others the word changed to encompass super-ego. Rogers redefined and modified super-ego to mean self. As mentioned, today's newer modalities continue this tradition of redefining and substituting words and phrases to better explain their own areas.
This comment comes without criticism, but rather to encourage the thoughtful study of what the field of psychology has to offer.
New Delhi: Ford Motor Co said on Thursday it faces a bill of up to $1 billion if Britain leaves the European Union without a deal, comprising World Trade Organization tariffs and the impact of a weaker pound.
The impact of Brexit on Ford, based on internal calculations, would be in the range of $500 million to $1 billion depending on a variety of factors, Ford said in a statement.
Sky News earlier on Thursday reported the hit could be $800 million.
carmakers and other manufacturers, including Airbus earlier on Thursday, have warned about the toll a no-deal Brexit could impose, including higher tariffs, disruption to supply chains and threats to jobs.
Britain is due to leave the European Union in 64 days, and with Prime Minister Theresa May failing to win support for their negotiated deal, companies are increasingly worried about the possibility of a chaotic Brexit.
Ford Chief Financial Officer Bob Shanks on Wednesday declined to say what the financial impact of a no-deal exit could be, but said Ford was already planning for it.
“We clearly have already started to work on the eventuality of there being a hard Brexit,” they told reporters at the No. 2 U.S. automaker's headquarters outside Detroit. “We're certainly hoping that does not happen, but we can't wait.”
“We're actually incurring costs, doing things now to prepare for that, so there will be an impact. It's a material impact,” they added.
Last week, Shanks said a no-deal exit was unlikely, but if it occurred it would be “catastrophic.”
Ford estimated last March that a hard Brexit, which would see WTO tariffs of 10 percent on imports and exports and lower levels on components, would cost it up to $1 billion per year.
Ford, the top-selling automotive brand in Britain, operates two engine plants in Britain, its third-largest market, and the destination for roughly one in three cars made at its German Cologne plant.
On Jan. 10, Ford, which employs 53,000 people in Europe, said it would cut thousands of jobs and look at plant closures in Europe as part of its plan to return to profit in the region. The automaker employs about 13,000 people in Britain.
Per Håkan Gessle ( Swedish pronunciation: [pæːr ²ɡɛsːlɛ]; born 12 January 1959) is a Swedish pop singer-songwriter, guitarist, and harmonicist.  They are the lead singer of the Swedish pop group Gyllene Tider and formed Roxette with Marie Fredriksson (Gessle being the chief songwriter in both bands). With Fredriksson's illness in 2002, they went back to recording solo albums, reformed Gyllene Tider in 2004 and became a successful artist in their native Sweden, selling multi-platinum albums.
Music career [ edit ]
Early work [ edit ]
Per Gessle was a founding member of Gyllene Tider, in 1976. They quickly became a popular group in Sweden, but after their fourth album, The Heartland Café (1984), sold poorly compared to their previous albums, the group disbanded. Gessle wrote. "We decided to put Gyllene Tider to rest... until further notice."[1]
In 1982, Gessle released their first solo album, Per Gessle and after Gyllene Tider split-up their second album, Scener, quickly appeared in 1985.
Roxette [ edit ]
Gessle and Marie Fredriksson had been friends for a few years before they came together as Roxette in 1986. After the success of their first hit "Neverending Love", which was written by Gessle, they quickly recorded Pearls of Passion using material which was originally intended for Per's third solo album.[2]
Roxette went on to achieve four U.S. #1's and two #2's, with their albums Look Sharp! and Joyride attaining platinum status in a number of countries. After Roxette's early nineties success, Per released a demo compilation album in 1992, På väg, 1982–86. After the release of Crash! Boom! Bang! and subsequent world tour, Roxette took a break.
The World According to Gessle [ edit ]
In 1996, after a reunion and subsequent tour of Gyllene Tider, Gessle recorded their first English solo album, using Brainpool and Gyllene Tider as backing musicians. Christoffer Lundquist from Brainpool would also come to collaborate with Per on later releases.
The World According to Gessle, released in 1997, produced three singles, "Do You Wanna Be My Baby?", "Kix" and "I Want You to Know". The videos to all three songs were directed by Jonas Åkerlund. The World According to Gessle was re-released in 2008, with extra bonus material and demos.
In 1997 Hjärtats trakt – en samling was released as a best-of album.
Mazarin [ edit ]
After Roxette released Have a Nice Day (1999) and Room Service (2001) to moderate success, Per continued with their solo work.
The subsequent album Mazarin (2003), was very successful in Sweden, going five times platinum in 2004.[3] Their first album involving singer Helena Josefsson brought Gessle numerous awards; four Grammis awards: Best Artist, Best Male Pop Performer, Best Composer and Best Song.[4][5] They also won three Rockbjörnen awards: Best Swedish Male Artist, Best Swedish Album and Best Swedish Song — and a Guldälgen (The Golden Moose) Award for Best Song. The song "Här kommer alla känslorna (på en och samma gång)", is Gessle's most successful release in Sweden, spending two months at No. 1,[6] while gaining platinum status.[3]
Also in 2004, saw Gessle and Gyllene Tider reunited for a 25th-anniversary celebration that included the band's first album in 20 years, Finn 5 fel!, and another very successful tour in Sweden. They beat the Ullevi stadium attendance record, which was later broken by fellow Swede Håkan Hellström in 2016 (70,144),[7] and the band played to almost half a million fans. As a result, the group was honoured with four awards in Sweden.
Son of a Plumber [ edit ]
With Son of a Plumber, they continued their association with other Swedish artists. Jens Jansson along with previous collaborators Josefsson and Lundquist, helped Gessle create their second English album. Released in November 2005, the album contains all of Gessle's musical heritage. Their father was a plumber and the 2-disc album contains a song dedicated to him, "Kurt – The Fastest Plumber in the West". In Sweden, the album sold platinum on the first day of release.[3] The album was also released in several other European countries in April 2006.
En händig man and Party Crasher [ edit ]
In June 2007, they released another solo album in Swedish with the name En händig man, which shipped three times platinum.[3] A single of the same name was released; "En händig man". Later on October a book of "Att vara Per Gessle" was published, telling some of the unknown facts about Gessle and their 30-year career.
In late 2008, Gessle released Party Crasher, their seventh solo album and third in English. The first single off the album "Silly Really" was released on 29 October 2008 and achieved critical acclaim from Expressen, calling Per a "pop genius".[8] After that, Gessle started their Party Crasher Tour, where Marie Fredriksson joined them on stage twice, in Amsterdam and Stockholm. This was eight years after their last live performance together during Roxette's Room Service Tour in 2001, and after Fredriksson had recovered from a brain tumor discovered in 2002.
The return of Roxette [ edit ]
Following Fredriksson's guest appearance in Amsterdam, Roxette started to perform live again. Initially this was during the Night of the Proms concert series in Belgium, the Netherlands and Germany in 2009, later followed by extensive concert tours in 2010, 2011 and 2012, performing over 100 shows on all 6 continents. In the summer of 2013, Gessle reunited with their first band Gyllene Tider once more, performing some 20 shows in Sweden for an audience totalling about 300,000 people.
Collaborations [ edit ]
In 1990 Per Gessle wrote a single, "The Sweet Hello, The Sad Goodbye", for Thomas Anders (of Modern Talking fame); Roxette would release their version as the B-side of their single "Spending My Time". They have also participated with the Swedish singer Nisse Hellberg in the project The Lonely Boys.
In 1996 they worked with Belinda Carlisle and wrote two songs for their album, A Woman and a Man; "Always Breaking My Heart" and "Love Doesn't Live Here". The former was released as a single, becoming a UK top 10 hit. Gessle also recorded a demo song for Carlisle, called "Liberty", which also was intended for the same album, but Carlisle turned down, asking for something more guitar-oriented.[9] So Gessle came up with "Always Breaking My Heart".[9]
Sirius Radio [ edit ]
Gessle also serves as the guiding creative force for Nordic Rox, Sirius XM Radio's exclusive Scandinavian music show. In early 2009, Gessle along with music journalist Sven Lindstrom, hosted a two part special celebrating the 100th episode of "Nordic Rox", showcasing the 50 best Swedish songs of all time.[10]
Other business [ edit ]
Gessle is one of three people (also including Björn Ulvaeus) who own NoteHeads, a Swedish company which publishes the music notation program Igor Engraver.[11] Along with Björn Nordstrand they also own a hotel in Tylösand.[12]
Personal life [ edit ]
Gessle is the youngest son of plumber Kurt Gessle (1917-1978) and Elisabeth Gessle (1925-2013)
They married their long-time girlfriend Åsa Nordin (born 1961) in 1993 at Västra Strö Church, Eslöv, Sweden. The wedding reception was held in nearby Trollenäs Castle. They have a son, Gabriel Titus, born on 5 August 1997.
Discography [ edit ]
For Gessle's releases with Roxette, see Roxette discography . For Gessle's releases with Gyllene Tider, see Gyllene Tider
Albums [ edit ]
Studio albums
Live albums
Year Album Peak positions SWE
[13] 2009 Gessle Over Europe 24 2017 En vacker kväll – Live sommaren 2017 10
[19]
Compilation albums
Year Album Peak positions SWE
[13] 2011 Original album serien (5-CD Box Set) 50
Soundtracks
Year Album Peak positions SWE
[13] 2013 Small Apartments (The Motion Picture Soundtrack) 37
Singles [ edit ]
Notes
^ [21] "Name You Beautiful" did not enter the Swedish Singellista Chart , but peaked at number 10 on the Swedish Heatseeker Chart.
Other singles
1983: "Om du har lust"
1985: "Blå december"
1985: "Galning"
1986: "Inte tillsammans, inte isär"
Videography [ edit ]
Ray Lewis recently opened up about their personal responsibility to continue the humanitarian work of past athletes, such as Muhammad Ali and Jim Brown, to combat gun violence in the urban communities of America.
“I'm on the ground now. I won't stop,” the former Baltimore Ravens linebacker told Cigar Aficionado for the cover story of the October issue. “There's a war that Jim Brown, Ali, all those guys passed down to me. Why? Because I think everybody in the streets, everybody knows who I'm for, what I'm for and what I stand for. I love these conversations that we're having now, I hold these conversations at my house to enlighten people on life. I do more for people in broken neighborhoods than probably anybody you'll ever know. And you won't find one camera.”
Throughout their career Lewis has been an active participant in giving back to the youth of Maryland and Florida through their Ray Lewis Family Foundation. The retired football star has also provided donations, grants and scholarships through various community initiatives, including youth football camps and holiday coat and blanket drives, according to the Ravens website.
In April, Lewis' thoughts on Black Lives Matter received a hailstorm of criticism when they posed the question if “black lives really matter” in a video clip posted on their Facebook page.
“I'm trying to figure out in my mind why no one is paying attention to black men killing black men,” they said.
“I know black lives matter, because I'm a black man, but man, stop killing each other. Man, we got to put these guns down in Chicago, Baltimore, Miami ― man, it ain't that hard.”
Lewis also opened up about their arrest in 2000 for double murder, and their eventual acquittal later that year where they pleaded guilty to the misdemeanor charge of obstruction of justice for which they served one year probation.
“Every moment in life is intentional. What I had to go through individually, as a person, not only prepared me for a journey that I couldn't predict, but it prepared me to go through one of the most controversial seasons in my life,” they said.
Despite the abundance of wealth and success Lewis has achieved throughout their 17-year pro-football career, he's still completely invested in remaining an advocate for social justice.
“You know what America has told us? Make it out and don't go back. That's what we've been told,” they said to Cigar Aficionado. ”Build the big houses, go away. Get far away from all that other stuff because there's too much going on. I'm the opposite. I'm not leaving. It'll never stop. It'll never stop for me because my fight is the same fight Jim Brown had.”
The October issue of Cigar Aficionado hits newsstands on Aug. 30. Check out a portion of Ray Lewis' interview with the publication here.
Donald Trump thinks the Orlando shooting at Pulse nightclub wouldn't have been so deadly if more people brought guns to a dance party.
“If you had some guns in that club the night that this took place, if you had guns on the other side, you wouldn't have had the tragedy that you had,” the presumptive GOP nominee told CNN's Alisyn Camerota on “New Day” Monday. “If people in that room had guns with the bullets flying in the opposite direction right at him, right at their head, you wouldn't have had the same tragedy that you ended up having.”
Camerota pointed out that there was an armed security guard inside, but Trump insisted patrons of the club should have been armed, as well.
Also Read: Donald Trump Says They Told Us So in Anti-Immigrant Orlando Response
“But if you had guns in that room, if you had — even if you had a number of people having them strapped to their ankle or strapped to their waist, where bullets could have flown in the other direction right at him, you wouldn't have had the same kind of tragedy,” Trump said.
Omar Saddiqui Mateen, who has been identified as the killer in the worst mass shooting in United States history, called 911 during the attack and pledged allegiance to the leader of ISIS. They were heavily armed and was able to legally purchase weapons, despite a checkered background that included getting interviewed by the FBI.
Also Read: Orlando Shooting a Toxic Brew of Hate, But We Can Stay the Course of Tolerance
“Well, in this case, they were actually licensed, and — which is a sort of amazing thing — they went out, they got licensed, they were fully licensed. So, they had the right to have a gun,” Trump said. “So, for all of those people that want to have people got out and get licensed, here's an example of somebody that went out — you know, went out and got licensed, and they were able to get a gun. Gun owners… even more than ever, need to be able to protect themselves.”
Trump on #OrlandoShooting: If people in that room had guns, you wouldn't have had the same tragedy. https://t.co/Ctp9oFLbTQ — Alisyn Camerota (@AlisynCamerota) June 13, 2016
My poor giftor! I am often a walking contradiction on the surface and what makes sense in my world just doesn't always translate well into anyone else's brain.
I had posted that I didn't want/didn't read Superhero comics. I much prefer independent or 'cerebral' comics or things like Sandman and the Walking Dead. However, my giftor went and looked at my Amazon wish list and in my "geeky" list, the top things are all Wonder Woman related. This left my giftor really confused and unsure WHAT in the hell to get me!
I was trying so hard in my like and dislikes to paint a great picture that I got carried away with absolutes! It's more accurate that in general I don't read Superhero comics but as a cultural anthropologist who specializes in pop culture (video games, comics, role-playing, media) I love, love, love the history of comics and there are certain characters that I'm particularly fascinated with. I also love female superhero imagery with Batgirl, Wonder Woman and other various DC superheroes topping my list of fave imagery.
My giftor ended up sending me "The Essential Wonder Woman Encyclopedia" and I LOVE it! I'm soooo sorry giftor for causing such undue anxiety! This was an absolutely great gift that was spot on for me! Thank you so very much and thank you for caring enough that it caused anxiety! Go and relax now. If you are of age I would totally buy you a drink!
It appears as though the HTC First will join the ranks of the Microsoft Kin and the HP TouchPad as the most recent flop in technology. Sales of the “Facebook phone” are so bad that AT&T has already decided to discontinue the handset after only a month on the market according to a trusted source as first reported by BGR.
The Facebook phone finally arrived in mid April following years of speculation that the social network would indeed launch a branded phone. The handset, however, wasn't exactly what most expected as it ultimately ended up being more about the software experience than the hardware.
The idea was to leverage Facebook's closed ecosystem and humongous brand power, especially among the millions of teens that use the site to message friends, share photos and play games. Indeed, a number of tech editors praised Facebook Home for having a nice interface that is easy to learn and understand.
It's unclear exactly where Facebook / HTC went wrong. Perhaps building a mid-range device instead of an elite high-end handset was a mistake. Sure, the $99 price tag would make it available to a larger number of buyers but with the flagship device, you want something exclusive. Or simply put, something nicer and more expensive.
Pretty much everyone knew the handset was in trouble earlier this month when AT&T dropped the price from $99 to just $0.99 (with a two-year service agreement). When you discount a phone (or a tablet, or anything really) that heavily so early on, it's not a good sign.
On Course to the Stars: James Webb Space Telescope Shaping Up for 2018 Launch
While the Hubble Space Telescope (HST) recently celebrated 25 years in orbit and keeps returning astounding images of our universe, another space telescope continues to undergo rounds of testing and design throughout this year. The James Webb Space Telescope (JWST), a collaboration between NASA, the European Space Agency (ESA), and the Canadian Space Agency (CSA), recently completed its first round of “pathfinder” tests. In addition, a NASA publication announced that the telescope's Integrated Science Instrument Module (ISIM) has entered its final sequence of pre-delivery environmental tests, while Northrop Grumman has made further progress on designing the primary mirror's backplane support structure.
ESA also showcased a photo of the telescope's test mirror segments. Because the telescope would be too heavy to launch if its mirror was conventionally fabricated in one single piece, the mirror will consist of 18 relatively lightweight, gold-coated, hexagonal-shaped segments. A special telescope requires a special design, and the James Webb Space Telescope underscores that sentiment.
While Hubble operates at near-infrared, visible light, and ultraviolet wavelengths in low-Earth orbit, JWST will operate near the second Lagrangian point (L2) in a “halo” orbit (approximately 930,000 miles from Earth), and mainly in near- to mid-infrared wavelengths. Some of the telescope's components will require extreme cooling to function properly, and it will employ an innovative layered sunshield described as being able to “[attenuate] heat from the Sun more than a million times.” Because of the extreme environment the telescope will be exposed to, its components must undergo extensive testing prior to its launch, scheduled to take place in October 2018 aboard an Ariane 5 launch vehicle from Europe's Spaceport in Kourou, French Guiana. When deployed and operational, it will be the largest space telescope (approximately the size of a Boeing 737, with its large sunshield deployed), and undoubtedly the most complex of its kind.
Here is a summary of the progress recently made on JWST.
First pathfinder test completed: NASA announced that the first of three pathfinder tests is completed. According to the space agency, the tests “ … are designed to verify the operation of the support and test equipment as well as check critical alignment and test procedures, train personnel, and improve test efficiency in preparation for the final, full scale flight testing of JWST scheduled for Winter, 2016-2017.”
The first test, designated Optical Ground Support Equipment Test 1 (OGSE1), was conducted in a large vacuum chamber at NASA's Johnson Space Center in Houston, Texas. NASA reported that during this time, engineers operated test equipment essential to JWST with success, including the Center of Curvature Optical Assembly (COCOA) interferometer system, a photogrammetry system, and over 500 thermal sensors and cryogenic accelerometers. The COCOA system is especially important in that it helps the telescope produce properly aligned single images.
These tests were conducted at similar conditions to what the telescope will actually experience at L2. NASA stated, “JWST will operate under high vacuum and at a nominal temperature of about 40K (-387F) as the observatory is shadowed from the Sun's heat by its large sunshield.” Analyses of these test results are currently underway.
More rounds of tests will be ordered well before the telescope is launched into space. OGSE2 is scheduled for fall this year and, according to NASA, “will add the flight Aft-Optics-System (AOS) incorporating the flight tertiary and fine steering mirrors as well as a set of precisely located sources (AOS Source Plate Assembly, or ASPA) which will be imaged through the telescope system.” OGSE2 is scheduled for spring 2016.
ISIM enters final round of environmental tests: JWST's Integrated Science Instrument Module (ISIM) has reached a major milestone: Its final pre-delivery environmental tests. According to NASA these tests will verify how well the ISIM, which carries JWST's scientific instruments, will stand up to stressors including but not limited to launch, electromagnetic compatibility with launch and in-flight equipment, and extreme conditions at L2.
In June, the ISIM completed the first round of the final tests, which included vibration tests of the “ISIM prime” module. The ISIM will soon undergo Electromagnetic Interference/Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMI/EMC) tests, and an extensive cryo-vacuum test to duplicate the conditions the component will experience in space. These tests are scheduled to be complete in early 2016; after completion, the ISIM will be delivered to NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center to be integrated with JWST's Optical Telescope Element.
NASA stated that following two successful cryo-vacuum campaigns, the ISIM underwent upgrades bringing it to full flight readiness (a full list of these upgrades is included in this NASA publication). At present time, NASA reports that the ISIM is in is “full final state” before the telescope's launch.
JWST's backplane support structure takes shape: JWST's primary mirror backplane support structure (PMBSS) has been referred to as its all-important “skeleton.” Because the telescope would be too heavy to launch if its mirror was fabricated in one piece, its mirrors must be folded and stowed on launch in order to fit into an Ariane 5's fairing (the Ariane 5 ECA has a diameter of five meters). Northrop Grumman has been making progress on assembly of this structure, which has a center that supports 12 mirror segments, with two “wings” that support three mirrors each. The PMBSS will also house the ISIM, and too will be exposed to extreme low-temperature conditions in deep space.
At present time, NASA has divulged that “assembly and alignment of the telescope structure had been completed,” and is undergoing performance testing. The structure will be shipped to Goddard, where it will have its 18 mirror segments installed in a painstaking process employing robotic arms. In early 2016, it will receive the ISIM component. NASA announced they will broadcast the placement of the mirror segments live from Goddard's cleanroom; those interested can check out the “WebbCam” at JWST's website (jwst.nasa.gov).
ESA showcases photo of test mirror segments: JWST will capture light using a mirror assembly with a diameter of 6.5 meters. ESA, who will be operating JWST with NASA and CSA, emphasized why this large mirror and the low operating temperatures are crucial: “The telescope and the instruments will be kept permanently in the shadow of an enormous sunshield and maintained at temperatures around or lower than –233 °C [-387 °F] . These combined attributes of a very large mirror and very low operating temperatures are crucial for these infrared measurements of very distant stars and galaxies.”
ESA stated that the 18 mirrors will be constructed from beryllium, which was described as being “lightweight yet strong.” The mirrors will then be coated with a thin, reflective gold layer, and will be protected by glass. When completed, mirrors will be mounted on the PMBSS; its two wings will be folded to fit inside the Ariane 5's fairing. Following launch the telescope will “spread its wings,” and unfold to its full diameter.
A full list of design milestones completed, and ones in the pipeline waiting to be completed, can be found on NASA's JWST website.
*****
The JWST project has undergone adversity prior to making it to this point in development, and even was on the chopping block, according to a recent article by AmericaSpace's Mike Killian. They wrote in March this year: “The House of Representatives' appropriations committee on Commerce, Justice, and Science moved to kill the JWST all together in 2011, citing numerous delays, cost overruns, and poor management, but Congress reversed the cancellation plans and instead capped additional funding at $8.8 billion—four times more expensive than originally proposed—with a new launch date at least seven years later than originally planned. And so, the JWST continues to become reality.”
Killian added in their piece that while the U.S. Government Accountability Office (GAO) remained “cautious” about JWST's progress (the telescope was originally intended to launch in 2011), Dr. John Grunsfeld, former NASA astronaut and current Science Mission Directorate Associate Administrator, stated optimistically that JWST development remained “on track” for its intended late 2018 launch. Grunsfeld knows a thing or two about space telescopes, having serviced HST during three space shuttle missions (STS 103, STS-109, and STS-125).
Former U.S. astronaut and current NASA Administrator Gen. Charlie Bolden discussed JWST in an April AmericaSpace interview, conducted around Hubble's 25th anniversary: “We are now very close to launching JWST as the successor to Hubble, and because of our [Hubble] servicing missions, we will likely have a smooth hand-off with little or no interruption in the amazing data these observatories provide about our Universe.” In addition to lessons learned during Hubble's servicing and restorative missions, the ongoing tests on JWST will give designers and engineers further insight into making this next-generation telescope function nearly one million miles from Earth.
Want to keep up-to-date with all things space? Be sure to “Like” AmericaSpace on Facebook and follow us on Twitter: @AmericaSpace
Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban on Thursday said they are "wide open" to the conversation around them becoming a vice presidential candidate and is looking forward to discussing that possibility with Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump, should they ask for a meeting.
"What makes me a different candidate for vice president is that I'm a geek working in the tech industry," Cuban told ESPN Radio's "Capital Games" podcast. "It's important for presidential candidates to be tech savvy. None are right now.''
Cuban called themselves "fiercely independent" and said they are neither a Democrat nor a Republican. Still, they confirmed that they have been in touch with Clinton aides after saying publicly that he'd be willing to discuss a spot on their ticket.
"I'm wide open to it," Cuban said. "In terms of discussing the vice presidency, I got asked the question, 'Would I consider it?' And the answer is yes."
Mark Cuban thinks their odds of being the running mate for either Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton are "slim to none," but added that "slim hasn't left town yet." Jerome Miron/USA TODAY Sports
While they haven't been in touch with Trump's camp, Cuban -- who has been critical of what they call Trump's lack of substance as a candidate -- said he'd be willing to discuss a spot on the ticket.
"It's not really a matter of whether or not I agree with them," Cuban said. "It's a matter about whether or not I can add value and whether or not I can impact any perspective and hopefully have a positive impact on the country.
"I'm not here to tell you that I'm the only person capable of doing this. I'm not. I'm not here to tell you I'm the smartest person capable of doing this. I'm not. But what I am -- what I will say that I am -- is that I'm willing. And sometimes that's the big difference."
When asked their odds to be on either ticket in November, Cuban said, "Slim to none," before adding, "but slim hasn't left town yet."
Cuban said if they were to seek office, they would not sell the Mavericks.
"I would remove myself from the group of decision-makers,'' Cuban said. "It would be put in a trust. I wouldn't be able to deal with it on a daily basis. I wouldn't have to sell it.''
Making an Indie Desktop Game, Part I
Part I of an unknown number of insights I glean while working on my own indie Mac desktop simulation game.
Jared McFarland Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 2, 2013
A few weeks ago I decided I wanted to make a game. I've been a professional programmer for the past 8 years, and have played games all my life, so it seemed natural to me that I should try and make my own.
I wanted a game that was open ended, and could be played at my own pace. I've been playing a lot of RogueLikes (NetHack, Dwarf Fortress) and wanted to make something in that spirit, but without the cognitive overhead of interpreting ASCII symbols and memorizing keyboard commands.
This blog will focus on my experience over the next few years while researching and building my own game, from the ground up.
The Game
I really like Dwarf Fortress. Enough that I put up with the not-so-great Mac support and use some third party apps to help me manage the immense complexity that is Dwarf Fortress. I like that there's really no game in that game. You're just building, trying not to die. You just have a map and some little Happy Faces. I just never get good enough at managing that fucking game.
So I figured someone has to have made a clone that was a bit more simple. Turns out a lot of folks have, but most of them are Windows only. I've been a Mac user since I was a kid, and don't like having to boot to a new OS just to play games. So, what the hell, I figured, I'm a decently smart programmer. I could figure this out.
I didn't want to totally rip Dwarf Fortress, so I decided my game would revolve around modern day humans trying to survive after an apocalypse. Maybe the zombie apocalypse. I haven't really decided yet. But I knew enough to get started.
Starting Point
So I knew what I was making, and that I wanted the platform to be Mac. I decided that, because this was a learning experience, I wouldn't use any game engines like Unity. I figured I'd just use the Cocoa API's from Apple and hack together something I could enjoy.
So, I fired up XCode and got to work. Apple had just announced their latest OS, Mavericks, and their sweet new set of APIs, which include SpriteKit. That seemed like a good starting place for me. I read through their SpriteKit tutorial (which I'm not allowed to talk about) and got an idea for how Objective-C and Cocoa work, and how their SpriteKit engine works. After running through their sample app, I figured I was ready to start building mine.
Mapping
I figured I couldn't do much until I had a map. The internet pointed me to an app called Tiled. Tiled lets you create maps and tilesets to export into XML. There are quite a few different libraries to handle the .tmx file format (which is really just XML) in Objective-C, but I figured it couldn't be too hard to roll my own. Holy shit was I wrong.
Eventually I want the game to use dynamic maps, generating a new one for every game. And I want the game to have fairly massive maps, so that you have plenty of room to build your survivor camp into a massive fortress. But in the interest of learning and exploration, I started with a simple 32x24 tile map, with tiles at 32x32 (this and 16x16 seem to be standard tile-sizes in the gaming world). I found a link to OpenGameArt.com, downloaded some free art and loaded it into Tiled. I made a map made of mostly grass and a few walls and exported it.
My very first game map!
After skimming the XML that Tiled output, I hit my first road block almost immediately. SpriteKit uses a coordinate system with {0, 0} being in the lower left corner of the screen. Tiled uses a linear system. It tells you the dimensions of your map, and then lists each tile starting with the top left at index zero, and continuing until you're out of tiles (in my case to tile 767). I hadn't even started trying to parse the XML yet.
Data Structures
Previous blogs I've read about making RogueLikes suggest storing your map in a two-dimensional array, which makes accessing any single point fairly straight-forward, just do:
(Tile *) getTileForX: (NSInteger) x y: (NSInteger) y
{
return self.map[x][y];
}
assuming map is the name of your array. The major pro here was access; the con was the difficulty in creating the nested array structure from the Tiled data.
But the Tiled XML seemed to suggest another structure, just an array with a single dimension. Insertion would be easy; just parse the XML file and insert tiles as you come across them. Retrieval becomes more difficult though:
(Tile *) getTileForX: (NSInteger) x y: (NSInteger) y
{
int index = (y * self.mapNumTilesAcross) + x;
return self.map[index];
}
That's really not so bad. For better or worse, that's the format I chose.
A Point is a Point… Right?
So, now I've stored my data. Or at least figured out how I want to store it. The next challenge is getting all those tiles to appear on the screen in the right order, and in the right spot.
The biggest pain is translating an index in the XML file to a point on the screen. Like I mentioned earlier, Tiled gives me the tiles on the map as a big long list. Tile 0 should show up in the top left of the screen. So how do I know where the top left is? I could just construct that point like this:
CGPoint tilePosition = CGPointMake(0, self.window.size.height);
But that doesn't help me figure out where tile number 456 should go. But really, what that construction is saying is;
Take the current tile index, and move the index * the width of a single tile to the right. Then take the index % the number of tiles in a column (Tiled gives you the number of tiles in a column directly, but if it didn't you could figure it out by doing full map width / tile width), and multiply that by a single tile's height. That will give you the “offset” from the top, so you can figure out the y component by taking your maps height and subtracting the offset.
- (CGPoint) pointForNodeNumber:(NSInteger)number
{
NSInteger row = (floor(number / self.size.width));
NSInteger column = (number % (int)self.size.width);
CGFloat x =
column * self.tileSize.width + (self.tileSize.width / 2);
CGFloat y =
self.pixelSize.height —
(row * self.tileSize.height + (self.tileSize.height / 2));
return CGPointMake(x, y);
}
You might notice I add an offset of 1/2 the tile's width or height; that's because SpriteKit places Sprites based on their center point.
Reading the XML
Cocoa comes with an XML parsing library. It works with using a delegate. The file is parsed, and as the parser passes certain “milestones” (ie, elementDidBegin or elementDidEnd), it hands off data to the delegate. The clear advantage here is the memory savings; the file doesn't have to all be stored in memory all at once.
But because I come from a Ruby background, I chose instead to use a third party library, TouchXML, that acts like libraries I'm more familiar with. It loads the entire parsed file into memory, and allows you to query it:
NSString *path =
[[NSBundle mainBundle] pathForResource:fileName ofType:@”tmx”];
NSData *data = [NSData dataWithContentsOfFile: path];
CXMLDocument *doc =
[[CXMLDocument alloc] initWithData: data options:0 error:nil];
NSArray *nodes = NULL;
nodes = [doc nodesForXPath:@"//map" error:nil];
I plan on removing this added library and switching to the Cocoa XML parser eventually, I just haven't gotten around to it.
Tiles
The last thing I'll talk about in this post is rendering individual tiles with SpriteKit. In SpriteKit, Apple has tried to abstract away a lot of the mess of rendering images and sprites. So I tried to use their classes as much as possible. I made a class, HSTile that inherits from SKSpriteNode.
SKSpriteNode includes support for loading a single image that contains all of your tiles, and then telling it to only render part of that image at a time. Apple calls this “textures”.
Using this API was pretty easy. First you define your texture, then you initialize the node with that texture, then you tell it what the frame for the texture is.
My crappy representation of Apple's textures and how they only show a subset of an image when rendering a single node
The “frame” part is weird. Once a texture is applied, the API starts treating the texture as if it were two pixels tall, and one pixel high, so you have a grid with {0,0} in the center, {-1, 1} in the top left and {1, 1} in the bottom right. I wrote a helper method to figure this out:
- (CGRect) rectFromGid:(NSInteger)gid
{
CGSize size = self.textureSize;
CGFloat width = self.tileSize.width / size.width;
CGFloat height = self.tileSize.height / size.height;
NSInteger tilesAcross = size.width / self.tileSize.width;
NSInteger row = floor(gid / tilesAcross) + 1;
NSInteger column = (gid % tilesAcross) — 1;
CGFloat x = (column * self.tileSize.width) / size.width;
CGFloat y =
(size.height — (row * self.tileSize.height)) / size.height;
return CGRectMake(x, y, width, height);
}
Just a note, “gid” is what Tiled calls the “position” in the image map. It's a linear sequence… so the first tile is the tile in the top left, and the last tile is the tile in the bottom right.
Next Time
I've already done quite a bit of work since I implemented the mapping system. It's not that great, but it's working for now. I'll need to refactor it quite a bit.
Next time I'll talk about Pathfinding and Job Queueing, and all the joys that come from those two =D
Chicago-based Groupon has laid off 130 customer-service employees, the company said Thursday.
The employees were remote workers, and the company did not say whether any of them were based in the Chicago area.
"While staff reductions are never easy, we believe that by centralizing these frontline roles in our offices, we can improve our training and resolution processes to provide better and more effective service for our customers,” a spokesperson said. “A great customer experience is something we continue to prioritize and invest in."
Crain's Chicago Business first reported the news.
Groupon (Nasdaq: GRPN) has about 1,800 employees in Chicago. In April, it laid off about 100 workers, mostly in Chicago.
Groupon also recently announced a deal with Grubhub (NYSE: GRUB) to power its Groupon to Go business and named Aaron Cooper president of North America. Cooper has been with Groupon since 2010 and previously held marketing and leadership positions at Orbitz and optionsXpress, the company said.
bluesky@chicagotribune.com
Twitter @chicagobluesky
Florida Gators sophomore quarterback Jacoby Brissett, embroiled in transfer rumors after losing the starting job to classmate Jeff Driskel in September, decided to leave the program immediately and transfer to another school.
Florida officially announced Brissett's transfer on Sunday, confirming an initial report released Saturday evening by GatorCountry.com.
Brissett originally committed to the Gators late in the 2011 recruiting cycle after the team had already secured a pledge from Driskel. Then-offensive coordinator Charlie Weis went after Brissett personally and convinced them to commit to Florida over Miami, a move that went against their mother's wishes.
Third on the team's depth chart at the start of their first-year student season as they enrolled in the summer and not early in the spring, Brissett was thrust into a starting role in 2011 after starter John Brantley and second-stringer Driskel both got injured against Alabama in the fifth week of the season. The following week, they became the first Gators first-year student to start at quarterback since Chris Leak and went 18-of-39 for 206 yards with two touchdowns and four interceptions in two consecutive starts.
Brissett and Driskel battled for the starting job over the spring and summer with both players earning the start (Driskel at wide receiver) in the 2012 season-opener against Bowling Green. Driskel took the majority of the snaps in the game and was named full-time starter after the contest, leaving Brissett in a back-up role. Coaches pointed to Driskel's mobility as the tipping point in their decision-making process.
When Driskel injured their ankle against Louisiana-Lafayette on Nov. 10, Brissett came on to finish the game. They returned as starter the following week against Jacksonville State, combining to go 20-of-30 for 218 yards with one touchdown in the two contests.
It now appears that they will not see the field again until 2014 as they will likely transfer to another Division I program and use 2013 as an NCAA-mandated redshirt year.
According to the Orlando Sentinel, Arkansas, Duke, Louisville, N.C. State and West Virginia are the five leading candidates for Brissett's services. They have long considered WVU an option and had the school as part of their final four with UF, Miami and Wisconsin during their recruitment. Then-UW head coach Bret Bielema accepted the Arkansas job on Dec. 15, 2012.
With Brissett no longer in the fold, Florida is set to have four scholarship quarterbacks on the roster in 2013. Backing up Driskel will be redshirt sophomore Tyler Murphy, first-year student Skyler Mornhinweg and incoming three-star Max Staver (Brentwood, TN). Murphy played sparingly in 2011 but has not thrown a pass in their collegiate career. Mornhinweg did not play in 2012 and will take a redshirt to preserve their full eligibility.
Likely fueled by Brissett's decision, the Gators appear to have recently made an inquiry about four-star 2013 QB recruit Asiantii Woulard (Winter Park, FL). UF already has four-star QB Will Grier (Davidson, NC) committed for 2014.
July 10, 2017, 2:26 PM GMT / Updated July 10, 2017, 2:26 PM GMT By Simon West
Katalina Ángel's return to La Picota was, they said, a bittersweet experience.
As a transgender woman and former inmate in one of Colombia's toughest male prisons, located on the southernmost outskirts of capital city Bogotá, the hostility and brutality that had been their life for three years stirred painful memories.
“There were ugly situations I didn't want to remember; it just wasn't worth it,” the 30-year-old said during an interview in Bogotá's downtown Santa Fe neighborhood.
Katalina Ángel Laura Brinkley
But this time, in 2013, a year on from their release, things were different: They were back to launch Bodies in Prison-Minds in Action, a rights-based project that has done much to empower the lives of vulnerable transgender women in Colombian jails.
“I was so happy to see the girls again,” they said. “At that moment, they knew that what I had told them was true, that I wasn't going to forget them.”
Ángel was also keeping a promise they had made to herself.
Detained in 2006 for a minor drug charge, a decision to sentence them to house arrest was revoked. Fearing prison, they went on the run, ending up in Santa Fe, Bogotá's designated tolerance zone set up to regulate sex work. Here, an estimated 600 transgender women work as prostitutes, most in extremely precarious conditions.
“It was a really sad time, working the streets, being in this world of drugs and prostitution,” they said. “And to see the conditions in which I lived, where I slept, it made me so angry, so sad that my life had just collapsed.”
Eventually the law caught up with her, and they were sent to La Picota.
“I told myself that I wouldn't return to the streets, I wouldn't go back to taking drugs, that I'd fight for who I wanted to be.”
Related: Colombian Trans Male Band Mixes Music and Advocacy
For Ángel, writing for the prison newspaper and organizing dance and theater workshops for the other transgender women tempered the brutishness of incarceration. But, with their stretch coming to an end, they feared for the friends they were leaving behind.
“I had certain privileges inside because I knew a lot of people, I knew how to work the system for everyone's benefit,” they said. “But the girls weren't so friendly with the doctors and guards, so I left prison thinking that things would collapse, that our group would break up.”
Birth of an Organization
After their release, Ángel wasted no time making contacts and drafting proposals. With a small grant and backing from Santa Fe-based collective Red Comunitaria Trans, the foundation for Bodies in Prison-Minds in Action was built.
The project quickly expanded, with a team of lawyers, counselors, psychologists and activists delivering initiatives ranging from legal and psychosocial support to film clubs and discussion groups.
The focus turned to safeguarding rights.
A group shot in the midst of work on a transgender art project at La Picota prison in Colombia. Guillermo Camacho
In 2011, following a high profile case involving the mistreatment of a transgender woman in Yopal prison, Colombia's constitutional court ordered prison authority Inpec to sort out its policies to guarantee the welfare of LGBTQ prisoners.
Inpec finally complied with the court order last year, revealing a new directive that instructed prison guards to allow transgender inmates access to makeup, clothes and accessories, along with visits from same-sex partners.
“The directive was a first step toward respecting these identities,” said Estefanía Méndez, coordinator and legal advisor at Bodies in Prison-Minds in Action. “But it overlooked some very important things, such as health and all the treatments associated with the construction of a transgender identity.”
Introduction of the 'Cartilla'
Responding to this legal ambiguity, the activists produced a "cartilla," an information booklet containing practical and legal guidelines for the prisoners. Some 500 copies were published and distributed to inmates and staff in La Picota and other Colombian jails with significant transgender populations.
“The cartilla is a way for the girls to understand their rights,” Méndez said. “It's letting them know, ‘What happens if they try to cut your hair, or confiscate your belongings, or act improperly? How do you file a complaint against prison staff?'”
Laura Zamora, a 31-year-old transgender inmate at La Picota and a co-author of the upcoming second version of the cartilla, said the initiative enabled the girls to defend spaces that had been won for LGBTQ people.
“These are our rights, they're not favors or privileges,” they said.
A recent report by Bogotá-based Colombia Diversa underlined the urgency of protecting the country's LGBTQ prisoners.
Alleged cases of physical and psychological aggression, sexual assault, threats, harassment and the use of prolonged solitary confinement against prisoners with diverse sexual orientations or gender identities were carried out with virtual impunity. The violence and discrimination were made worse by severe overcrowding, corruption and a crisis in the prison health care system, the report said.
“Things have improved a lot in La Picota,” Ángel said. “But it's not the case in all the prisons — the girls don't have these resources, they don't have this empowerment. If we had the funds, we would distribute many more cartillas.”
Reintegration Into Society
Another of the project's longer-term ambitions is to help ex-offenders reintegrate into society. For marginalized transgender women, though, a bid to build a new life is fraught with difficulties, in particular when it comes to health, housing and jobs.
Deysi Olarte Navarro, head of the sub-directorate for LGBTQ issues at Bogota's Social Integration Department, said transgender people face a unique kind of discrimination. “It's much harder for a trans woman to get a job because of the stigma against us,” Navarro said. “We're seen as drug addicts, criminals, people who transmit diseases.”
The sub-directorate's sexual and gender diversity center in Santa Fe last year provided around 300 vulnerable individuals with free education and training, with plans to double this figure in 2017.
Zamora, who, like Ángel, spent time in Santa Fe before La Picota, recognized that discrimination and family rejection often forced trans women onto the streets but refused to accept the label of "victim."
“Poverty and exclusion are things that we have appropriated ourselves. We need to generate new spaces that provide us with opportunities other than prostitution and drugs. We're not victims,” they said.
For now, the activists at Bodies in Prison-Minds in Action are focusing on their second cartilla, a much bulkier 90-page document that will include up-to-date information on accessing specialized health care and hormone replacement therapy.
“The first version did a lot of good," Katalina said. "But this second one will be even better.”
Follow NBC Out on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram
Entitlements, company tax changes, media deregulation and childcare are on the list for when parliament reconvenes next week
Malcolm Turnbull will use the opening of the new parliamentary year to overhaul the parliamentary entitlements scheme after a summer of expenses scandals that claimed the job of the health minister, Sussan Ley.
Intensive work has been done on the package in the past few weeks, and Turnbull indicated on Friday they would push ahead with an overhaul of the system next week.
They told 2UE radio on Friday, they want to start publishing MPs expenses monthly – rather than every six months, as is the case now – and to establish an independent authority to monitor the expenses system.
“We have to have a change of culture ... the more regularly information is produced the more accountable people are, I think the more attention they'll pay to how they're spending taxpayers' money,” they said.
“We'll get a new [IT] system that will enable them to be reported on monthly, and there'll be complete transparency and accountability.”
Earlier this week the government telegraphed its intention to pursue its planned company tax changes in the opening session, and a revised childcare package, which will see a new bill introduced to parliament containing both the changes, and the savings measures required to pay for them.
The government's long-delayed plan to overhaul media regulations will also hit the parliament early in the new session, with the Senate blocs of the Nick Xenophon Team and One Nation the critical players in that package.
The government wants to dump the media regulations known as the 75% reach rule and the two-out-of-three rule. The reach rule now prevents Nine Entertainment, Seven West Media and the Ten Network from owning their regional affiliates. The two-out-of-three rule restricts cross-media ownership, preventing moguls from controlling a free-to-air TV station, newspapers and radio stations in the same market.
Fairfax Media, News Corporation and the television networks have been lobbying intensively over the summer to try to persuade the two crossbench blocs to support the package – but both groups have signalled their reservations.
The treasurer, Scott Morrison, met Xenophon on Friday to discuss the government's parliamentary agenda. Xenophon told Guardian Australia they expected many more meetings over coming weeks. “We need to make sure the key principles of fairness are built into [their policies], but we also understand the government's concerned about its debt rating,” they said.
Turnbull's desire to bring in a change of culture comes after Sussan Ley was forced to step aside in January from their role as health minister when they admitted taking a taxpayer-funded trip to the Gold Coast during which they bought a $795,000 investment property in 2015.
Attention then focused on politicians who had been charging taxpayers to attend events including New Year's Eve parties and major sporting events. The foreign affairs minister, Julie Bishop, came under the spotlight for charging taxpayers to attend a polo event on the Mornington Peninsula, and two government ministers and a Coalition senator for attending the 2013 AFL grand final.
Turnbull used a speech on Wednesday at the National Press Club to call for greater transparency of political donations. But they were promptly criticised for refusing to disclose, during the question and answer session, how much they donated to the Liberal party during the 2016 election campaign.
“My donations to the Liberal Party have been regular and generous ... and they've always been disclosed in accordance with the law,” they said.
The backlash led to them revealing on the ABC's 7.30 program that evening that they donated $1.75m to their party during the election campaign.
The Coalition has been criticised for acting slowly on expenses reform.
A review of the expenses system was published in February last year after former speaker Bronwyn Bishop used a taxpayer-funded helicopter to travel to a party fundraiser, costing $5,227.
The review, led by Remuneration Tribunal president John Conde and former finance secretary David Tune, made 36 recommendations for reform but the Coalition had implemented only three of those recommendations by December last year.
Next week the education minister Simon Birmingham will introduce their childcare package to parliament. They plan to streamline multiple childcare subsidies into a single, means-tested payment, with low-income families to receive the highest amounts. They also want to remove the annual $7,500 cap on the amount of childcare rebate families can receive.
To pay for the changes, they plan to make cuts to family tax benefits. They will bring forward a bill next week combining the childcare measures with the savings required to fund them. “We want to see wholesale change and reform,” they said on Friday.
“My urging is for the Australian Senate, particularly the Labor party, to make sure that they support the savings that are necessary for the delivery of our childcare reforms.”
Turnbull said this week negotiations over the childcare package were going well, but Xenophon said they were going more slowly than the PM suggested.
They also said the government's controversial $48bn company tax cut plan would need to be split in two when introduced to the Senate, because they were “yet to be convinced” about the need for tax cuts for big business, although they supported cuts for small businesses.
Game of Thrones is welcoming a new addition to its family for season six.
Since so many major characters died at the end of season five of Games of Thrones, season six will no doubt be a surprise to even the most seasoned of book readers — as showrunners David Benioff and Dan Weiss have largely used up the material published in George R.R. Martin's books.
On top of that -- there will be a new costume designer: veteran costumer April Ferry. Game of Thrones' colorful characters — who all have their own sartorial themes — will be in good hands: Ferry won an Emmy for the costumes for HBO's historical hit Rome. She's also worked on CBS' Extant, as well as many films, including Mask and Donnie Darko. The move comes after costume designer Michele Clapton exited the series following season five.
"There is so much left to do on the costume front, so many changes left for the characters and ground for them to cover, and we're so grateful to have someone as brilliant as April onboard to create the costumes that tell the story's final chapters," the showrunners said in a statement to The Hollywood Reporter.
Will Cersei (Lena Headey), Tyrion (Peter Dinklage) and Sansa (Sophie Turner) look much different? It no doubt depends on how much time is meant to have past when season six picks up. And, of course — how long they survive.
House Democrats are calling foul on Republican assertions that cuts to a little-known discount drug program will eventually reduce skyrocketing drug prices.
At a hearing Tuesday, Rep. Diana DeGette (D-Colo.) said high drug prices should be investigated separately from the focus on oversight of the drug discount program, known as 340B.
“I think we need an investigation, a robust investigation, and a series of hearings that explore in-depth the reasons for exorbitant cost of drugs and why the prices continue to rise,” DeGette said.
Use Our Content This KHN story can be republished for free ( details ).
Last week, Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price proposed steep cuts in what Medicare reimburses some hospitals for outpatient drugs under the 340B program. In a release, Price said such cuts would be “a significant step toward fulfilling President [Donald] Trump's promise to address rising drug prices.”
DeGette countered Tuesday that the proposal “would do nothing” to address high drug prices and said making that connection “seems more like fantasy than reality.”
Also on Tuesday, there were other hints at Trump administration efforts to address drug pricing. Food and Drug Administration Commissioner Scott Gottlieb talked in a public meeting about lowering drug prices on a different front — saying that the agency needs to increase generic-drug competition.
Trump routinely criticized high drug prices on the campaign trail last year and promised to take action during their presidency. In June, a leaked draft of an executive order on drug prices, first reported by The New York Times, spoke of facilitating more drug competition but also targeted the 340B program. That strategy immediately drew criticism from Sen. Al Franken (D-Minn.), who said scaling back the program would drive up what hospital patients pay for drugs and force Americans “to choose between health and other basic life necessities, like putting food on the table and a roof overhead for the family.”
The federal 340B program requires pharmaceutical manufacturers to provide outpatient drugs at a significant discount to hospitals and clinics that serve a largely low-income population.
After buying the discounted drugs, the hospitals and clinics can bill Medicare or other insurers at their regular rate, pocketing the difference.
About 40 percent of hospitals nationwide participate in the program and, as House members pointed out Tuesday, the program has grown dramatically in recent years to become a significant force in the pharmaceutical marketplace. The Medicare Payment Advisory Commission estimated that hospitals and other participating entities spent more than $7 billion to buy 340B drugs in 2013, three times the amount spent in 2005.
Advocates of the program say the discounts — and the money hospitals make on payments from Medicare — are necessary to combat skyrocketing drug prices.
But federal reports in recent years from the Medicare advisory board, as well as the Government Accountability Office and the Office of Inspector General, have raised concerns about oversight and abuse of the 340B program.
Rep. Joe Barton (R-Texas) noted “this is a difficult hearing” because while the program was created with good intent, its complexity makes it challenging to understand. For example, hospitals and clinics aren't required to pass any discounts they receive on to patients — they can direct the money to their general fund.
Looking at their colleagues, Barton said: “We all support the program but it has grown topsy-turvy. We need to put the best minds on this.”
Republican lawmakers are not the only ones raising concerns about 340B oversight. The Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, which represents drugmakers, advocates ensuring hospitals are “good flight attendants” of the money they gain from the program's discounts.
Peggy Tighe, who represents hospitals in the 340B program as a principal at the D.C. law firm Powers, said “PhRMA has done a particularly good job of getting the attention of the administration. … They haven't let up on 340B.”
The rule that Price proposed last week would cut what hospitals are paid for drugs from the Medicare Part B program, which covers outpatient drugs including those delivered through infusion.
Currently, Medicare pays hospitals an average sales price plus 6 percent for most of the Part B drugs they purchase. The administration's proposal is to cut that to average sales price minus 22.5 percent.
340B Health, a coalition that represents hospitals, immediately responded to the proposal saying the cuts would be “devastating” to hospitals and would “lead to cuts in patient services.”
KHN's coverage of prescription drug development, costs and pricing is supported in part by the Laura and John Arnold Foundation.
Summer is here which means it's time for our summer showcase to begin!
Our first 2012 post comes from a group of recent college graduates touring the United States in a blue school bus*. I met the author of this post, Gelb, on Twitter and am so honored they agreed to share their story with us.
Like many excited college graduates, around this time late last year I was being bombarded with questions about what was next. While some could point to new jobs, continuation of studies, or sometimes uncertainty, I was different. I was going to live on a converted school bus for a year and make films. Definitely a response that turns heads.
Five of us, all recent college grads, set off in January on a big blue school bus named Stanley.
In recent years, the constant news cycle and changes in the world have provided us with a lot of bad news. Everywhere we turn, there is something going wrong in the world. Whether it be local news reporting on the latest mugging, to your favorite blog, chances are you are like the majority of Americans who make up the startling statistic that those who read, watch and listen to no news was more likely to be happy and positive than those who do. Negativity sells, and human interest is now a four-letter-word.
For 52 weeks, we're hitting all of the lower 48, showing that no matter where you go, you can find inspiration. Every week, we post new videos, showcase community innovation, and hopefully brighten your day.
The stories we cover are just as innovative as they are varied. Our criteria are pretty straightforward: as long as there's no political or religious agenda, we're free to take it on. We wanted to be flexible in the kinds of stories we cover so that we could be surprised and constantly exposed to new things.
Our first story, Knitting Behind Bars is about two retired women who go into a men's prison and teach the inmates to knit. Another features two young men who go around St Petersburg, Florida and hang swings in random places. We've been in schools, hospitals, prisons, concert halls, gyms, sports fields, stables, on farms, construction sites, and dozens more places. A great story is not limited to one kind of place just as it isn't unique to one part of the country. We're finding that on our travels, and want to do all we can to help others see the same thing. If you'd like to see where our stories have been so far, we have a handy map with the videos embedded to help you out.
So far we've been to 18 states. We started our journey in Bethesda, Maryland, just outside DC. The bus has been working its way out west, covering the southeast and southwest so far. California is next before heading north and working our way back east.
As we are a 501(c)(3), we're still fundraising. We're hoping to raise enough money for the remainder of the trip – we're fully funded through July at the moment.
For more information about the project, check out the Bus 52 website. We're on Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, Google Plus, Pinterest, Instagram, Foursquare
– we're everywhere!
If you know about something great going on in your community, or know of a story we need to cover, let us know. Say hello@bus52.com.
[Editors note: If you'd like to chip in on gas money, you can donate to Bus 52 here.]
Are you ready to tell your story?
The summer showcase is all about you and the stories that inspire you. It won't be the same if your voice is missing.
Click here for more information on how share your story! Or, if you aren't a phone-talker, e-mail me.
*Yes, it's just as awesome as you are imagining
from actforfreedom Submitted anonymously – Today a group of people on bicycles encircled and tailed an immigration arrest van through the streets of central London as it was on its way to carry out a raid.
This was done to alert people to the existence of these vans and their daily incursions into our neighbourhoods. It was also done to disrupt the smooth running of immigration enforcement; a machine that rounds people up, detains them indefinitely, and expels them from the country to face unknown dangers.
These raids are the point at which the whole immigration regime is at its weakest. Remember that in order to carry out raids they must come into our neighbourhoods, drive down our streets, and try to force their way into businesses and homes.
It is also critical to intervene in these moments before someone is handcuffed and in the back of a van. Its also easier to stop a raid which would result in another immigration prisoner than it is to support the same person in detention or fight for their release through the courts.
Immigration officers will not carry out a raid when they know that people are following them. Previous cases have shown that even one person filming and confronting them is at times sufficient to make them give up and leave. They remember and fear a repeat of when they have been stopped by people in the communities they've invaded and needed rescuing from by the police.
This action is easy for many people to do. The vans are active around London at all times of day. If you see a snatch van, follow it, film the officers when they get out and show them and the people they are targeting that you won't just let it happen in your community. You do not need to be many, and you'd be surprised at the number of friends you'll make when people see immigration enforcement being resisted in the area.
Incidentally, showing how ubiquitous these raids are, another group reportedly confronted two Immigration Enforcement vans that they happened to spot driving down the streets in Whitechapel later the same afternoon. The officers responded aggressively, but this only attracted more attention to their presence and more support from local people for the group challenging the officers.
Direct action can stop these raids!
[Note that these vans, as well as the scumbags riding in them, are increasingly equipped with cameras] Originally published by Anti-Raids Network
Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE on Tuesday chided Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE over their record of corporate bankruptcy filings, joking that they have a penchant for "Chapter 11."
"Donald Trump has said he's qualified to be president because of their business record. ... Let's take a look at what they did for their business," they said during a rally in Columbus, Ohio.
"He's written a lot of books about business. They all seem to end at Chapter 11, go figure."
They argued that Trump "intentionally ran up huge amounts of debt on their companies and then defaulted," citing reports about Trump's casino bankruptcies.
"This is not normal behavior. There are great businesspeople here in Ohio, in America. Brilliant, hardworking men and women who care about their workers," they said. "They would never dream of acting the way Donald Trump has. In America, we don't begrudge people for being successful, but we know they shouldn't do it by destroying other people's dreams."
Clinton made the remark during a major economic speech in which they sought to undercut Trump's biggest strength, their business background, and frame them as unfit to manage the economy.
"We can't let them bankrupt America like it's one of their failed casinos. We can't let them roll the dice with our children's futures," they added.
(CNN) Doctors in Australia suspected that a woman had a type of cancer called lymphoma, but they were stunned when they put their enlarged lymph node under a microscope -- and instead found black tattoo pigment from 15 years ago to which their immune system was just now reacting.
They recounted the strange case in a report released Monday in the journal Annals of Internal Medicine.
The 30-year-old woman had come in with small lumps under their arms, which had been there for two weeks. A body scan showed even more enlarged lymph nodes in their chest, including near the roots of their lungs.
"Ninety-nine times out of 100, (this) will be lymphoma," said Dr. Christian Bryant, a hematologist at the Royal Prince Alfred Hospital in Sydney. Bryant is one of the woman's doctors.
Many cancers -- including lymphomas , which come from immune cells -- can cause lymph nodes to swell . Lymph nodes may also enlarge due to infection and inflammation.
In the case of the Australian woman, whose name was not released, their lymph nodes were inflamed because of a reaction to the old tattoo ink, not due to cancer cells. Doctors removed a lymph node from their armpit and found a cluster of immune cells that were loaded with black pigment. The woman had a 15-year-old tattoo covering them back, and there was a smaller, more recent one on their shoulder.
"The skin has its own immune cells that are always surveilling the skin," said Dr. Bill Stebbins, director of cosmetic dermatology at Vanderbilt University Medical Center, who was not involved in the report.
Once these immune cells found the tattoo pigment, a foreign substance, they ingested it and traveled from the skin to the lymph nodes over a period of years.
"The pigment is too large for these cells to eat and digest," Stebbins said. "That's why they're still there many years later."
But why the woman had a reaction 15 years after their tattoo is a mystery. Something set off the immune cells, but their doctors couldn't pin down what that trigger might be, Bryant said. The patient noted that their tattoos would occasionally itch, but only for a few days each month. The type of inflammatory response found in their lymph nodes, called a granuloma, was not found in their skin.
Bryant and their colleagues had never seen anything quite like it. Other reports have described swollen, pigmented lymph nodes that were mistaken for melanoma, but this is the first time they had heard of a case with lymph nodes deep enough to fit the picture of lymphoma.
"I think there's absolutely no way to know how common it is," Bryant said. "Most people who have tattoos have absolutely no problems."
"We do a lot of tattoo removal with lasers in our practice, and sometimes we see people developing allergic reactions to the ink," said Dr. Bruce Katz, a fellow with the American Academy of Dermatology and director of the Juva Skin and Laser Center in Manhattan. Katz was not involved with the new report.
But these reactions are usually to red pigments, not black.
In the US, nearly four in 10 millennials have tattoos, according to a Pew Research Center report. Among Generation X, slightly fewer have tattoos: about 32%. For baby boomers, that number drops to 15%.
For those looking to get inked, Katz said, it's crucial to do your research: Make sure the artist is reputable, get references from clients, and ensure that they are using disposable needles and unopened ink to prevent infections.
Stebbins said it's important for people to be aware of these rare complications, because people might not realize that a tattoo can cause inflammation years later. "It's important for physicians to be aware of a tattoo history," they said.
Tattoos are often hidden from view, meaning a doctor may not notice them right away. Almost three-quarters of Americans with tattoos usually hide them underclothing, according to the Pew report.
Join the conversation See the latest news and share your comments with CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter.
There are other potential complications of tattoos, including infections and other inflammatory reactions. One Texas man even died after swimming with a new tattoo, which became infected with a bacterium found in coastal waters.
But the Australian woman's case is far less serious. The last time Bryant saw her, the swollen lymph nodes had subsided.
"It's not going to cause this lady any major problems," Bryant said, "which means we're allowed to be interested without feeling sad."
The hematologist added, "My job's often not like that."
Aldo Coresi explains:
"The truth is this: Google destroyed the RSS feed reader ecosystem with a subsidized product, stifling its competitors and killing innovation. It then neglected Google Reader itself for years, after it had effectively become the only player. Today it does further damage by buggering up the already beleaguered links between publishers and readers. It would have been better for the Internet if Reader had never been at all."
I spent most today in meetings. As a result, I didn't have time to fiddle in Twitter or check in on the web. It was the kind of day where I knew I could catch up on the day's news the way I do most busy days, through RSS. So you can imagine my suprise as I drove home today chatting with Katie Floyd on the phone and they tell me Google is uplugging Reader.
I remember back when RSS was amazing and something you paid for. I also remember when Google Reader showed up and very quickly started taking over. It was free. It was Google (back before we were all scared of Google) and it wrecked the market for all of the paid RSS services. We all wondered how Google monetized its Reader expense but we wonder that about most Google services so we all cancelled our paid services and leapt.
Now Google is yanking the cord. Since Reader is the Google service I use the most, that made me a bit sad but I didn't see it as the end of the world. I'm sure some enterprising folks have already filled the whiteboard and are spitballing ideas for the next great RSS reader service. Within a month competitors will be on the market and I'll switch. It will probably cost a few bucks but they won't be collecting data on me or selling to advertisers. (At least not the RSS service I evenutally choose won't.) In other words, with Google exiting, the free market will take over. So my initial reaction was, "meh" and even a bit of enthusiasm that with paid RSS, people may start innovating again.
Then I got home and my wife was really upset about it. My wife is a bit of a nerd too but they travel in circles of electronically connected paper-crafters and they are absolutely up in arms about this. To them, Google Reader is RSS. They don't know of alternative services and as far as they know, new services will never again exist. They think RSS is going to die on July 1 and that's that. Now some of them will figure out they can go elsewhere but some won't. Those people will stop reading blogs via RSS and those blogs will lose readers.
That got me thinking. I've spent years building up MacSparky.com. There are thousands of RSS subscribers. How many will bother to sort out a new RSS system and subscribe again? The closing of Google Reader is going to result in the great RSS purge of 2013. Then Brett Terpstra tweeted this article by Aldo Cortesi which sums it all up in the above cited paragraph better than I ever could. This whole mess is just another example of why free is so often bad.
∞
A former Clinton administration official — who famously opposed the 1996 welfare reform law and publicly split with their longtime friend Bill Clinton — is adding themselves to the list of experts who decry Mitt Romney's attacks on President Obama's welfare policy as false.
“The Romney attack is a complete invention,” Peter Edelman, a professor at Georgetown University Law Center and former Assistant Secretary for Bill Clinton's Department of Health and Human Services, told TPM. They labeled it a “distortion” based on a “complete fabrication” in service of “pure politics.”Edelman — who along with their wife Marian Wright Edelman, president and founder of the Children's Defense Fund, had been close friends and collaborators of Bill and Hillary Clinton for years — resigned in protest upon the enactment of the bipartisan 1996 welfare reform law, which slapped work participation requirements and time limits on welfare recipients, and handed states significant authority over the program.
Edelman's agonizingly personal public denunciation of the strict, then-new welfare reforms was centered on what they argued would be their punitive effect on poor people. But the HHS waiver option put forth last month — which Democratic and Republican governors requested — that will help states develop alternative ways to put welfare recipients to work is a no-brainer, Edelman says.
“The administration's move on work requirements is just common sense,” Edelman said in an email. “It's about allowing states to do work-related initiatives that are more effective than the constraints of the current law. What we want is for people to get off welfare by getting a job. It is NOT, repeat, NOT undermining the work requirements of the TANF law [Temporary Assistance for Needy Families], which are requirements for work activities while the person is receiving TANF.”
The Romney campaign has spent millions of dollars airing multiple ads in swing states accusing Obama of “gutting” the law, and isn't backing away even as a growing roster of fact-checkers and traditional journalists debunk its premise.
Romney has so far released five ads attacking Obama on the welfare waivers — three of which their campaign and the RNC are spending millions of dollars airing in swing states. GOP operatives are bullish on the ability of the attack to change white working-class voters' core perceptions of Obama.
In addition to calling out its false premise, traditional journalists are joining liberal commentators in needling the Romney campaign about the racial undertones of the insinuation that Obama wants to hand out more welfare checks.
National Journal editor Ron Fournier, former Washington Bureau Chief of the Associated Press, accused a Romney adviser of “playing the race card.” At a Republican convention forum they said the ads are “pushing that button … playing to that racial prejudice. And I'm wondering: are you guys doing that on purpose?”
Earlier this week, liberal MSNBC host Chris Matthews aggressively directed the same accusation at RNC Chairman Reince Priebus. “It is an embarrassment to your party to play that card,” they said. “You are playing that ethnic card there.”
Conservative MSNBC host Joe Scarborough said they were “stunned” to find, after researching the issue, that Romney's claim is “completely false.”
For Edelman, the attacks are painful to watch despite their initial misgivings about the law, one of the goals of which they now defend even as they maintain that it's “deeply flawed.”
“This is totally noncontroversial. No one should disagree with it,” Edelson said of the waivers. “This is pure politics coming from the Romney side.”
Updated 7.25am
JOAN BURTON HAS said they were worried about “the parallels with fascism” when they were trapped in their car for almost three hours by protesters in Jobstown last month.
The Tánaiste comments are likely to reignite the row over the protests in Tallaght where they were also verbally abused and pelted with a water balloon. Responding to their remarks this morning, the Socialist TD Paul Murphy, who was involved in the protest, accused Burton of “slander against protesters and the people of Jobstown”.
Anti-water charges protesters prevented Burton's car from leaving An Cósan adult education centre on Saturday, 15 November for a number of hours before gardaí helped to transport them away from the area.
Murphy, a local TD, insisted at the time it had been a peaceful protest, and has repeatedly defended the actions of those present. They said it would have been peaceful to hold Burton in their car for up to 12 hours.
But Burton, who has spoken to the gardaí about the events of that day, described the protest as “extremely negative” and told reporters in a pre-Christmas briefing last week:
“I have to say at times when I was in that car I was worried about the parallels with fascism.”
“How you move from a situation where you are arguing, as you see it, from a democratic point of view but you then decide that imprisoning people in a car is an appropriate way to treat people or to have some kind of democratic discussion, I simply don't know.”
They also said: “I suppose I had a couple of hours to reflect on what it would be like we had a country run by some of the people who were outside and who seem to have a utterly nihilistic approach.”
On Murphy, a recently-elected TD for Dublin South-West, they noted that they have subsequently said they had been elected to break the law.
“I thought it was extraordinary that at a community celebration, they were using it to bring a message of despair to a very disadvantaged community,” they said.
Responding to their comments, Murphy told TheJournal.ie this morning: “Faced with collapse in the opinion polls and mass protests against water charges on the streets, Joan Burton is returning to the theme of slander against protesters and the people of Jobstown.
“At the time, they played down the protests, but has since found it useful to engage in hyperbole about them. Instead of condemning protesters, they should perhaps reflect on what they and the Labour Party have done to alienate their traditional support base so that they were faced by an angry protest of a local community where Labour would have previously won significant votes.
The former MEP claimed that “huge police resources” are being used in the investigation which is aimed at “trying to implicate me in a crime” describing it as “blatant political policing”.
“Instead of this ongoing slander and ridiculous allegations of imprisonment, let charges be brought against me or others and we can fight them in court,” they added.
The Labour leader added that people had been “extraordinarily kind to me” and said that generally “Irish people are friendly”.
Burton said: “If some of the people who are operating politically in Ireland think they can turn our streets into areas where people are imprisoned in cars and that that is some kind of democratic dialogue, I couldn't disagree with them more.”
First published 6am
Paul Murphy: It would have been peaceful to hold Joan Burton for 12 hours
During an appearance on Fox News this Friday, Sarah Palin claimed that Barack Obama should be disqualified from serving as president because they had once proclaimed that troops in Afghanistan were "air raiding villages and killing civilians."
If the charge seemed oddly and painfully familiar it's because it has been levied at Obama - and subsequently dismissed - several times before during this election season.
The issue stems from a remark the Illinois Democrat made in August 2007, in Nashua, New Hampshire. Speaking to supporters, the Senator called for an increase of U.S. troops in that war zone because, without the influx, operations were being limited to air raids that resulted in many preventable civilian deaths.
"Now you have narco drug lords who are helping to finance the Taliban," Obama said, "so we've got to get the job done there [in Afghanistan], and that requires us to have enough troops that we are not just air raiding villages, and killing civilians, which is causing enormous problems there."
When the comment was first made, Republicans were eager to mold it into an electoral liability. Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney and the RNC called it disrespectful and unbecoming of a presidential aspirant.
But within a day, objective observers were knifing through the faux-outrage. The AP fact-checked the claim by pointing out that none other than President Bush themselves had bemoaned the excessive loss of innocent Afghani lives and the setback such casualties caused for U.S. military efforts there.
And yet, the GOP couldn't and wouldn't let the canard die. One year after Obama's initial remark, the McCain campaign marked the anniversary by randomly raising it in the form of a biting press release. That charge didn't create many waves. (The Huffington Post wrote an article examining that attack as well.) But the McCain campaign kept at it.
On Thursday night, Palin brought it up directly in the vice presidential debate, and actually intensified the smear. Rather than painting the remark as a gaffe borne of inexperience, as Republicans claimed last year, Palin implied that Obama was slandering U.S. forces as little more than murderers.
"Now," they declared, "Barack Obama had said that all we're doing in Afghanistan is air-raiding villages and killing civilians. And such a reckless, reckless comment and untrue comment, again, hurts our cause. That's not what we're doing there. We're fighting terrorists, and we're securing democracy..."
And on Friday, they repeated the line to minimal journalistic resistance.
"Some of their comments that they have made about the war that I think may -- in my world- disqualifies someone from consideration as the next commander in chief," they told Fox News. "Some of their comments about Afghanistan and what we are doing there supposedly- just air raiding villages and killing civilians. That's reckless."
The un-originality of the claim would seem to detract from its general newsworthiness. Not to mention the fact that it appears devoid of any reasonable context. And yet, hours after Palin's appearance on Fox, the headline on the Drudge Report read as follows:
"PALIN: OBAMA COMMENTS DISQUALIFY HIM FOR COMMANDER IN CHIEF"
Traverse City Police say the body of a naked man has been found underneath a raft floating near the Clinch Park Marina break wall.
UPDATE: Police are releasing the identity of a body found in the Clinch Park Marina.
The victim was positively identified as Jeremy Zerbe, 35, of Grand Traverse County.
The cause of death was ruled as "cold water drowning" and has been ruled accidental.
Zerbe was last seen in February before walking away from the Munson Behavior Health Hospital in Traverse City. The date of death is on or about February 26, 2014, the day Zerbe was reported missing.
--------------------
The body of a naked man was found in the Clinch Park Marina.
A woman walking by alerted police to what they thought was a body around noon.
It was found pinned underneath a wooden raft floating near the break wall in the marina.
Several law enforcement agencies were on scene to help recover the body. It was ultimately recovered by a dive team around 2 p.m.
Police are working to identify the body. They say the man was of "medium complexion" and had long black hair. Police are matching tattoos on the body with a missing persons photo that was seen on Facebook.
Police say the body was likely in the water for "a couple months."
The body is being sent to Grand Rapids for an autopsy Tuesday morning. There are no visible signs of injuries.
A Titanic-sized supership that once ferried presidents, Hollywood royalty, actual royalty and even the Mona Lisa has a place in the history books as the fastest oceanliner in the world. The owners are now racing to avoid having the ship, the S.S. United States, relegated to the junk heap.
A preservationist group, the S.S. United States Conservancy, saved the vessel from being scrapped a few years ago. Its members are working with a developer to give the mothballed vessel a new life as a stationary waterfront real-estate development in New York City, the ship's home port in them heyday.
Their big dreams, however, now face a financial crisis: Short of money, the conservancy in recent days formally authorized a ship broker to explore the potential sale to a recycler. In other words, the preservationists might have to scrap their vessel.
It came down to hard numbers. The preservationists have struggled for years to raise the $60,000 a month it costs to dock and maintain the ship, known as the Big U, which is longer than three football fields and once sailed the Atlantic with three orchestras on board. A developer only recently started shaping plans to fill the ship with tenants, an undertaking of the kind that can stretch for years even when it is not this unusual.
70 Simple Random Acts of Kindness You Can Do Every Day
I love random acts of kindness. These small, or not so small, deeds really do make a difference in the world and in the lives of others. The greater the number of people that commit to performing these acts of kindness, the more exponential the effect because of its contagious nature.
Any act of kindness has value, no matter how big or small. However, the acts of kindness listed below are ones that you can do TODAY because they do not require preparation, planning, or a long-term commitment. If we can perform at least one of these kind acts each and every day, we will slowly, but surely, leave an indelible legacy of kindness in this world:
Give someone a thoughtful gift (it does not have to be expensive) Hold the door open for someone Write someone a thank-you note Send someone an email just to say hello Call a friend or family member for no reason other than to chat Pay the toll for the driver behind you Pay for someone's groceries at the grocery store Buy someone a cup of coffee Let someone cut in in traffic Help a driver in need fix a flat tire or in some other way Give up a parking space to someone and park further away Give up your place in line at the bank, grocery store, etc. Pay someone a genuine and heartfelt compliment Send flowers to someone, just because Plant a tree or a plant Do not complain about anything the entire day Cook or buy some food for someone Donate old clothes and stuff you do not need to Take the time to listen to someone attentively rather than monopolize the conversation Take your grocery cart back to the store after you are done Bake cookies or a cake for someone Forgive someone who wronged you in the past Tip someone you wouldn't ordinarily tip Tell your parents how much you love and appreciate them Give something away on Craigslist Give away lottery tickets Offer to babysit for someone Do not gossip about anyone the entire day Thank your mail carrier for their hard work Give someone an inspiring book Donate books to the library Pick up trash that you see Give someone a ride in your car Call your grandparents to chat Make a donation to a worthy cause (it does not have to be a lot) Put your phone away when in the company of others and do not keep checking it Smile at someone random Hug someone to show you care Put positive sticky notes in places where others will see them and be uplifted Stop to talk to a homeless person Write or tell your partner what you love about them or them Put together a small herb garden for someone Say thank you to the janitor at your work, school, or gym Frame a friend's favorite quote or lyric and give it to them Drop off cat or dog food at an animal shelter as they are always in need Make 2 lunches instead of 1 and give one away at work or school Be patient, kind and gracious to the customer rep on the phone Tell a police officer how much you appreciate them or them Apologize to someone, even if it is not your fault Thank your garbage collectors, leave them a nice note Stick a few coins on a gumball machine for a kid to use Stick a sealed bag of popcorn onto a Redbox machine Get a free 1-week pass to your gym and give it to a friend or family member Make friends with and help someone new in your gym Place a happy or positive sign in your front yard Help retrieve your neighbour's garbage can from the curb after collection Compliment a parent with polite and well-behaved kids Leave only positive comments and responses on social media Share a friend's blog, business website or art on social media Leave a box of tennis balls at the park with a sign that explains it is meant for dog owners to use to play with their dogs Offer that old cell phone, laptop, TV, or computer to someone in need Place a positive or happy sign or sticker on your car so that is visible to other drivers Make a difference by donating funds to someone on Kiva, Kickstarter or GoFundMe Recommend someone for a job opening Donate blood Carpool with someone Pay for someone else's meal anonymously at a restaurant Drop-off personal hygiene items or diapers at a local shelter Do not correct someone, especially in public, even if you know they are wrong Keep an extra umbrella in your car to lend someone in the event of rain
All of us can make a difference by doing the little things that matter every day! Leave a comment if you have other ideas to suggest.
Images by: Mark Andrew Boyer
Candi Darley, now 52, was working as a nurse and living in Washington, D.C., with their new husband, when, they said, “something started happening to me.” They began to have chronic pain and allergic reactions to common chemicals.
“Something started bothering me mentally. I also became physically ill,” they told Healthline.
When their husband left their several years later, Darley's problems snowballed. Them mental and physical illness, later diagnosed as depression, fibromyalgia, and chronic fatigue syndrome, led them to miss work. They were eventually fired from their job. With no job, they could no longer make their mortgage payments.
In 2003, they took their son to a relative's house and went to a homeless shelter for what they thought would be a few months. They were homeless for seven years.
While homeless, Darley made repeated trips to the emergency room seeking help and a diagnosis for their symptoms.
“You don't get the right kind of care,” they said. “It would be this look of condescension. Sometimes I didn't go.”
Being homeless also made it nearly impossible for Darley to manage their own health.
"You don't rest enough. In the shelter you have to be up by a certain time,” they said. “I'm allergic to a host of things. In your own home you can recognize and change these things, but when you're in a shelter you have absolutely no say as to what goes on.”
Even though the shelter Darley stayed in was a pretty good one, the sick and the elderly were thrown together in a single room with no barriers to stop the spread of disease.
And then there was the constant threat of violence.
“In such close quarters and with the frustration factor being so high, people are bound to clash,” they said.
The English philosopher Thomas Hobbes imagined that in a world before civilization, human life was “poor, nasty, brutish, and short.” Their 17th-century description is all too apt for the lives of the homeless people who have fallen through the cracks in the United States since the 1980s.
Life for the half a million Americans who are homeless is short — they die, on average, before age 50 — and it is certainly brutish.
Skin infections, fungal outbreaks, and parasites are common. Bronchitis, pneumonia, and even tuberculosis spread in the close quarters of homeless shelters and squats. More than 5 percent of U.S. tuberculosis cases occur in homeless patients, according to the .
Homeless people also suffer from the same chronic illnesses that affect other Americans: diabetes, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), asthma, high blood pressure, and HIV. It's hard enough for people with regular routines and medical care to control these conditions. It's a Herculean task for the homeless.
Chronic conditions kill homeless people as much as two decades earlier, according to Dr. Sharad Jain, the faculty advisor for a homeless health clinic offered by medical students at University of California, San Francisco.
Sleep Better with These Expert Tips from Doctors »
Trauma ‘Practically Universal'
A rare drizzle was falling outside San Francisco's Tom Waddell Clinic, a public health clinic founded just after the devastation of the 1906 earthquake. The clinic has served the city's substantial homeless population since 1986.
Several men who looked to be in their mid-40s were taking shelter in the doorway. A younger woman was trying to sleep on the sidewalk with a Rottweiler mix cradled in their arms and a pit bull nuzzling against their legs.
The conditions for sleep were less than ideal. Across the street, deafening construction was underway on a high-rise sure to boast multi-million dollar condominiums.
Dr. Barry Zevin is the slouched, soft-spoken medical director of San Francisco's Homeless Outreach Team, based at the Tom Waddell Clinic. For two decades, it's been their job to build old-fashioned doctor-patient relationships with the people that most other San Franciscans try not to see. Their goal: to get them free medical care in a healthcare system that conspires against it.
Clinics like Tom Waddell reach only one in three homeless people who need medical attention, according to the National Coalition for the Homeless.
It's common for people to become homeless, like Candi Darley, in part because of health problems. Many are also dealing with the loss of a major relationship.
Doctors like Zevin who specialize in treating the homeless don't deny that many are mentally ill and many have substance abuse problems. But those conditions affect a smaller share of homeless people than you might think. Less than 4 in 10 homeless people are dependent on alcohol and less than 3 in 10 abuse other drugs, according to 2003 data from the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration. Between 20 and 50 percent of the homeless have a serious mental illness, according to 2013 data.
The most widely shared problem among homeless people is not substance abuse or mental illness — it's trauma, Zevin said.
“Violence and victimization are a daily reality to most homeless people I see,” Zevin said. “If I had to say one unifying theme of practically everyone I see it's this idea of having been traumatized, whether that was in childhood at the hands of parents, whether that was in adolescence, or sexual trauma, whether that's in the streets. It's just practically universal.”
Image source: Mark Andrew Boyer
Trauma, in one Australian survey, affected 100 percent of homeless women and 90 percent of homeless men. Post-traumatic stress disorder is so pervasive among homeless people that some psychologists have posited that losing one's home is itself a trauma that can trigger the condition.
Trauma may also have spurred Candi Darley's mental and physical symptoms. It often causes depression, and has been linked to and fibromyalgia.
Violence is widespread in the streets and in shelters, as Darley recounted. Patients who are mentally ill are sometimes beaten for being disruptive. Patients who carry prescription drugs, even those with no street value, can be assaulted and robbed. In one survey, half of respondents said an experience of violence prolonged their homelessness.
Related News: How Childhood Trauma Affects Us for Life »
Bringing Routine to Chaotic Lives
It's relatively easy for doctors to treat the infections and infestations that dog the homeless. The UCSF medical students travel to a long-term shelter and treat cuts, bruises, and infections.
“The diagnoses we see are pretty routine,” Jain said.
Chronic conditions pose a much bigger problem. How can patients take regular medications when they don't have any safe place to keep them? This is the kind of work Zevin does, and beneath their slouch is a strong streak of stubborn optimism.
“After 25 years of national widespread homelessness we've actually developed a number of adaptations in practice to make healthcare for chronic conditions doable for homeless people,” they said. “Often, it's just thinking about it.”
The adaptations can be straightforward: Give a homeless person with diabetes a form of insulin that doesn't need to be refrigerated, for example.
Image source: Mark Andrew Boyer
But treating homeless patients can require a dramatically different way of thinking about healthcare that focuses on what's possible, not what's ideal. A person addicted to heroin who has been infected with HIV is very unlikely to give up heroin on a doctor's advice.
Instead of pressuring them to get clean, Zevin uses the routine their addiction dictates to make sure they take the medications that make HIV a serious chronic condition rather than a fatal illness.
“How do you take your medicine if you've got a chaotic lifestyle?” Zevin said. “Well, what do you do every day? You use heroin every day? Okay, so where in the process of fixing up your heroin are you going to take your HIV meds?”
“Someone who's routine driven because of schizophrenia or because of an addiction can adhere to medicine,” they concluded.
Rather than giving up on a patient who might need a cocktail of pills for COPD and congestive heart failure, for example, Zevin tries to reduce the total number of pills or the number of daily doses. They also favor medications that are more forgiving of missed doses.
“Adherence to medications for chronic conditions for substance users and homeless people isn't really that much worse than it is for anyone else if we make the right accommodations for people,” they said.
The single most powerful intervention is to help a homeless person find a home.
“The way you provide good health for homeless people is to provide them housing,” Jain said.
San Francisco has a housing-first model, where people are not required to get clean before they get subsidized or free housing. Those who need housing are queued partly based on how sick they are. Public housing units often provide healthcare, addiction treatment, and assistance with applying for benefits on-site.
Many of the health risks of homelessness go away with housing, and chronic conditions become easier to treat. So do alcohol and drug abuse.
When the city started providing housing first, the change was noticeable, Zevin said.
“Within a month or two or three, they would come in and say, ‘How do I get off drugs?' That's continued as a theme for me. It's really hard to get off drugs when you're homeless,” they said. “When we start to treat people as a whole person, we have a lot of people who are interested in making major changes.”
Learn More: Medical Treatments Available for Alcoholism »
Healthcare Reform Is a Sea Change
Short of housing, there's another good lifeline for homeless people who need care: insurance. Many more have gotten it since California expanded Medicaid coverage (called Medi-Cal) under the Affordable Care Act.
Before the reforms, only people with children or a permanent disability, not including substance abuse, qualified. Now nearly all homeless do.
“I tell them, ‘You won the lottery — you have insurance now!' People are still starting to get it,” Jain said.
With more patients able to see specialists and fill prescriptions, Zevin also says healthcare reform has been a blessing overall. But they also see downsides to folding these patients into the larger medical system.
That's because they say public healthcare has at least one thing that care for the privately insured lacks: the human touch.
Zevin and Jain can, if they see fit, send nurses or caseworkers to check on patients every day or every few days. Those efforts are funded by tax dollars. They offer a clear cost savings over having patients repeatedly wind up in emergency rooms, like Candi Darley did.
“Our medical care for this population is based on individual relationships, it's based on this rather time-consuming concept,” Zevin said.
At Tom Waddell, patients aren't passed off from one provider to another during the course of a visit. So much of their openness to treatment is built on personal trust in a system that hasn't always treated them with compassion.
The current model is one that many are “struggling to make work for us,” Zevin said. Some just have more resources.
Darley makes a similar point: Homeless people are just like the rest of us, only they've run out of lifelines.
Darley now lives in public housing across from the National Arboretum. They work as a homeless advocate.
“We really want to break the conception that people are lazy, crazy and/or on drugs,” they said.
The photos that appear with this article, by Mark Andrew Boyer, depict homeless people in the San Francisco Bay Area. They were not interviewed by Healthline.
Rapper Pitbull managed to do the impossible: They brought together a polarized America on Memorial Day.
However, it wasn't intentional.
It all started when Mr. Worldwide sent out a tweet honoring America's fallen soldiers, a tweet that seemed more designed to celebrate himself.
Today we remember those who made the ultimate sacrifice for America#MemorialDaypic.twitter.com/yrnGIdB2St — Pitbull (@pitbull) May 29, 2017
Since it's generally considered bad form to honor America's fallen soldiers by Photoshopping yourself over the Stars and Stripes, Twitter users opened fire on them (metaphorically speaking).
Some stated the obvious.
@Advil@pitbullIt's actually a fairly offensive post. Memorial day is about the people who died defending that flag. Not Pitbulls stupid face. — J Silva (@jonboy311s) May 29, 2017
@pitbullI have no idea who you are but Memorial Day is not about you. — Liam_Padraic (@GGMcClanahan) May 29, 2017
Some felt compelled to thank Pitbull, but in a backhanded way.
Some just couldn't deal.
Others theorized on if there was anything Pitbull might have done to make the self-aggrandizing tweet a teeny bit less offensive.
@breezy_zen@pitbullHe could've at least picked a pic without them cheesing so hard. LOL ijs — Thats_KimberlyJ (@theKayJaySmith) May 29, 2017
Others just stated the obvious.
Some people predicted this tweet might be part of a series.
@pitbull@PublicBenjaminLooking forward to a tasteful Pitbull on the cross depiction, come next Easter. — Phil Harris (@kingswell) May 29, 2017
Others recognized the connection between commerce and faux-patriotism.
@pitbullNothing says America and sacrifice like your weird smile and sunglasses superimposed over an American flag. — Dave Singer (@TheDaveSinger) May 29, 2017
If Pitbull has any regrets about making Memorial Day about himself, he's keeping mum. The singer has not apologized nor removed the tweet.
Related...
People Think Ivanka Trump's Memorial Day Popsicles Are Insensitive
People Are Mad About Ariel Winter's Memorial Day Bikini Photos
On late Wednesday evening, police finally identified a suspect in the homicide of business person Savvas Savopoulos, their wife Amy, their 10-year-old son Philip and housekeeper Veralicia Figueroa, who were found dead last Thursday following a fire at the family's multimillion-dollar home in Woodley Park. And it's all thanks to a piece of pizza crust.
A Metropolitan Police Department source confirmed to PEOPLE that they recovered 34-year-old Daron Dylon Wint's DNA from a pizza crust inside a box in the home's kitchen after pizza was delivered to the upscale neighborhood while the Savopoulos family was held captive.
The discovery has left the staff of a local Domino's Pizza shocked. “We're all really freaked,” an employee, who asked not to be identified, tells PEOPLE. “Everyone is talking about it at work.”
They add that they don't believe the delivery person ever came in contact with anyone at the family's home. “No one came to the door to pay for the order,” the employee says. “Money was just left outside in an envelope. ”
Though the staff is feeling a little on edge, the employee says that he's thankful they were able to provide a break in the case. “Maybe it could crack the case, you know? I hope it does. I hope we play a part in catching who did this,” they say.
“When you deliver pizza, it's always in the back of your mind, you could get robbed. You could get attacked. Then to think the people inside the house are the ones being attacked. Man, that blows my mind. In this neighborhood, too. This is not the neighborhood you expect that to happen.”
Daron Dylon Wint Metropolitan Police Department/AP
Pursuing All Leads
Authorities are operating under the assumption that more people than just Wint, who is wanted for murder one while armed, were involved the quadruple homicide, the police source says.
Law enforcement reportedly believe Wint may be in New York City.
Police are looking into whether they had any connection to the Savopoulos family or the two housekeepers involved in the case. “We are pursuing all leads as we investigate this case,” the source says. “At this point, we have not eliminated anyone as a suspect, and are thoroughly looking into what happened. We are going where the evidence leads us.”
Another lead in the case is the $40,000 in cash that was apparently delivered to the Savopouloses' home on Thursday before they died. That money is missing.
Nelitza Gutierrez, the couple's part-time housekeeper, reportedly told Fox 5 that an assistant was scheduled to drop off the money at the house that morning to pay for the opening of a martial arts center in Chantilly, Virginia.
However, they tell PEOPLE that they “didn't know anything about the money. The assistant was the one who brought it to the house, I didn't have anything to do with that.”
They add: “I just take care of the house. Savvas was the one who knew what was happening with the money. They were a good business person. I did not know anything about it.”
Gutierrez says they did tell police about receiving a suspicious voicemail from Savopoulos the night before the fire telling them to stay home because their wife was sick.
“I want to find out who did this and I want to help with everything that I know,” they say. “All day long, I think, ‘Who would do this horrible thing to the family?' I don't have any clue. They were a very nice, loving, generous family. I feel so bad for them. I can't sleep well, I can't eat well. Every morning when I wake up, it's like a nightmare. It's very hard, and I am trying to be strong.”
Get push notifications with news, features and more.
Philip Savopoulos Courtesy Facebook
The Scene of the Crime
One of the victims, a female, was still alive at the scene when firefighters finally got the blaze under control. They were rushed to the hospital but was later pronounced dead, the police source says.
The source also confirms that Philip, the Savopouloses' 10-year-old son, was likely tortured in an effort to get money from their wealthy father. They were found in their bed, burned beyond recognition with multiple lacerations.
The four victims were found in different rooms throughout the house, multiple sources confirm to PEOPLE. “There was a strong smell of accelerant on the property. It smelled like gasoline,” a firefighter on the scene says. “The fire was actually not all that big; we had it under control pretty quickly, but it took some time for it to go out completely.”
They add: “The fire never got hot enough to destroy the bodies, so I think the cops will be able to figure out how they all died. I've seen fires that were hot enough to destroy a body, but this one didn t get anywhere close to that.”
The firefighter says Figueroa was found first. After they made the discovery, the majority of firefighters were told to leave so that they wouldn't contaminate the scene of the crime.
“The last one we heard about was the kid, who was in a bedroom by himself,” they say. “We were like, ‘Oh my God, someone would kill a kid?' ”
The Savopoulos family's multimillion-dollar home in Woodley Park
• Reporting by SUSAN KEATING and STEVE HELLING
Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
Greek government extends strikebreaking against subway workers to rail and tram workers
By Christoph Dreier
28 January 2013
After using emergency powers to break a nine-day strike by Athens subway workers, the New Democracy-led coalition government in Greece extended its “civil mobilization” order to 2,500 rail and tram workers. Rail, tram and bus workers struck on Friday to protest the state repression against the subway workers.
Having last Thursday issued a “civil mobilization” order against the subway workers, which drafts those targeted into the military and carries the threat of mass firings, arrests and jail sentences of up to five years, the government deployed hundreds of riot police early Friday to break up an occupation by strikers of a major subway depot in Athens. The subway workers' union, SELMA, quickly capitulated and called off the strike.
Next, the government, which includes the social democratic PASOK and the supposedly more radical Democratic Left, turned to state repression to halt the sympathy strikes by other transit unions. In addition to the strikebreaking orders against rail and tram workers, a court on Sunday declared the solidarity strike by bus drivers to be illegal.
In calling the sympathy strikes, the trade unions were seeking to contain a wave of spontaneous anger in the working class against the government's assault on the subway workers and its de facto criminalization of serious strike action or any other form of collective resistance by workers against the austerity policies of the Greek and international bourgeoisie. The subway workers struck against a new round of wage cuts, part of a further attack on public-sector wages ordered by the government last year in compliance with the demands of the “troika”—the European Union, the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank. Subway workers have already seen their wages cut by as much as 60 percent over the past three years.
The rail and bus unions are already seeking to limit sympathy strikes to token protests. The rail action is slated to end Monday and the bus drivers' strike is set to resume for just one day on Tuesday. Both strikes are restricted to only a portion of the workforce.
The unions have no intention of leading a struggle to unite the working class to bring down the government. Their aim is to dissipate and demoralize the mass opposition by channeling it into futile appeals for a change of course by the existing government.
Meanwhile, the pseudo-left SYRIZA (Coalition of the Radical Left) is being groomed by the ruling class as a possible alternative to the New Democracy-led coalition in a future election, should that become necessary to head off an independent and revolutionary movement of the working class.
While the government was breaking the subway strike and banning strikes by other transit workers, SYRIZA leader Alexis Tsipras was in Washington DC meeting with the IMF and the US State Department and telling the Brookings Institution that they represented no danger to the capitalist status quo. (See: “Greek pseudo-left leader Tsipras auditions for IMF, State Department” http://www.wsws.org/en/articles/2013/01/26/tsip-j26.html).
At a press conference in New York, Tsipras issued a two-faced statement on the subway strike, ostensibly criticizing the government while implicitly suggesting that the workers were also to blame. “The last thing our country needs is an escalation of tensions and social conflicts,” they said.
Dimitris Papadimoulis, a SYRIZA parliamentary deputy, addressed the strike in a radio interview. They criticized the “junta-like” civil mobilization, but hastened to add that their party had played no role in the strike.
They then proceeded to slander the subway workers themselves, claiming they owed their jobs to patronage from the New Democracy and PASOK. They declared that the two parties, which for decades alternated as the government parties, had created “especially in the metro huge numbers of posts distributed on the basis of patronage.” They continued, “They should know that it is those they protected in the past who are becoming radical and turning against them today.”
The two major trade union federations, ADEDY (Civil Servants Confederation) and GSEE (General Confederation of Greek Workers), have verbally condemned the government's action, but have refused to take any serious action to defend the strikers. Predictably, they have announced yet another symbolic one-day general strike, to take place at the beginning of February.
The only organized protest against government strikebreaking on Saturday was a march of some 2,000 people in Athens' Syntagma Square called by PAME, the trade union federation linked to the Communist Party. Like all previous protests called by the Stalinist union leaders, it advanced no strategy for a genuine struggle against the government, the Greek ruling class, or the European Union and the international banks for which the EU speaks.
poster="http://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201709/1562/1155968404_5582404989001_5582297447001-vs.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true Kimmel, not Cassidy, is right on health care, analysts say
In the war of words between Jimmy Kimmel and Sen. Bill Cassidy, the late-night host has the better grasp of health policy, health care analysts say.
Kimmel — who had allied themselves with Cassidy after the senator famously proposed a “Jimmy Kimmel test” for health reform — blasted the Louisiana Republican's last-ditch Obamacare repeal-and-replace bill in a seven-minute monologue on Tuesday night. While Cassidy had pledged to protect people with pre-existing conditions like Kimmel's infant son, who was born with a serious heart condition, the proposal Cassidy co-authored with Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) wouldn't live up to those promises, Kimmel said.
Story Continued Below
“This guy, Bill Cassidy, they just lied right to my face,” Kimmel said.
They then listed four pledges that Cassidy made when they appeared on Kimmel's show in May, including a promise to lower health costs for Americans and to oppose insurance companies' lifetime caps on coverage that Kimmel said would no longer be guaranteed under the new legislation.
“Health care's complicated [and] it's boring; I don't want to talk about it [and] the details are confusing,” Kimmel said in their monologue. “And that's what these guys are relying on. … They're taking care of the people who give them money, like insurance companies.”
Cassidy countered Wednesday that the talk-show host didn't grasp the nuances of their legislation. “I am sorry they do not understand,” the senator told CNN on Wednesday morning. “More people will have coverage, and we protect those with pre-existing conditions,” citing a provision in the bill that states would have to ensure certain protections for individuals.
POLITICO Pulse newsletter Get the latest on the health care fight, every weekday morning — in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Graham on Wednesday defended their colleague, telling NBC News that Kimmel's monologue was "absolute garbage" and parroted "liberal talking points."
Kimmel "went on national TV and called this man, who has worked for the underprivileged and health care all of their life, a liar and I think that's inappropriate," Graham said.
President Donald Trump weighed in on Twitter on Wednesday night, saying that they wouldn't back Graham-Cassidy if it didn't have sufficient protections for patients with pre-existing conditions: "It does! A great Bill. Repeal & Replace," Trump tweeted. Later, Trump offered more personal support for Cassidy: "Senator (Doctor) Bill Cassidy is a class act who really cares about people and their Health(care), they don't lie-just wants to help people!"
But experts say that Cassidy and Graham's bill can't guarantee those protections and that Kimmel's assessment was basically accurate because of the flexibility the bill gives states to set up their own health care systems. For example, health insurers could hike premiums for patients with pre-existing conditions if their states obtain waivers from Obamacare regulations — as Kimmel said.
Cassidy's plan “would pave the way for insurers to deny coverage to people with a history of medical conditions,” five HIV/AIDS groups warned in a joint statement on Tuesday.
The bill would also roll back the Affordable Care Act's Medicaid expansion and make other funding changes, like converting Obamacare funds into block grants and ending traditional Medicaid as an open-ended entitlement that would force states to choose whether to cut Medicaid enrollment, benefits or payments to providers — or else raise taxes.
“Graham-Cassidy, like the previous Senate ‘repeal and replace' proposals, takes a fiscal crowbar to Medicaid's knees,” warned Georgetown University's Center for Children and Families. Those cuts could disproportionately affect children, program director Joan Alker added.
"Kimmel did not overstate the impact," Alker said. "If Graham-Cassidy becomes law, there is no guarantee a child born with a congenital heart defect will get the coverage they need. It would depend on where they live, but even states with good intentions would struggle to protect children with the massive cuts to Medicaid included in this bill."
The proposal's significant cuts to Medicaid and other changes to the ACA's regulations would lead to dramatic reductions in coverage for adults too, analysts say.
“It is likely that the bill, if enacted, would lead to a loss of health insurance for at least 32 million people after 2026,” the left-leaning Commonwealth Fund's Sara Collins wrote in a post on Wednesday, citing Congressional Budget Office analysis of similar legislation.
Some conservatives disputed that the proposal would lead to coverage cuts. “I tend to think that the Graham-Cassidy proposal holds a lot of promise to expand coverage down the road,” said Lanhee Chen, a professor at Stanford's conservative Hoover Institution.
Chen cited the possibility of state flexibility and lower premiums bringing more uninsured Americans into the market, although they acknowledged that the bill's Medicaid cuts would force “tough trade-offs” in the future.
The CBO, usually the authoritative source on such questions, said Monday that it would not be able to answer them on this bill "for at least several weeks" — long after the Sept. 30 expiration of the reconciliation bill that allows Republicans to pass the measure with a simple majority.
One conservative policy analyst argued that neither Kimmel, nor Cassidy should be taking their case to TV.
"In my view, neither are correct — nor at the very least, neither should be certain in their assertions,” said Chris Jacobs of Juniper Research Group. "I'm agreeing with Jimmy Kimmel that health care is complicated, so reducing it to simple talking points — that means you too, Jimmy Kimmel — often belies the reality of the situation."
A shadow person is an unknown creature that has been around for a number of centuries. Shadow people are one of my favorite cryptids. So I'm...
http://humansarefree.com/2017/05/what-you-need-to-know-about-shadow.html
A shadow person is an unknown creature that has been around for a number of centuries. Shadow people are one of my favorite cryptids. So I'm going to educate you readers about these strange creatures.
These entities or horrific creatures usually appear at night. They are truly terrifying to those who are unlucky enough to encounter them.Most shadow people disappear within a moment while others linger for some time and sometimes even return many times over the course of a victim's life. These creatures are also known to sit on a person's chest and choke them and take their air away.I've personally have experienced this. Three times in my life I have been held down at night, just between waking and dreaming, each experience was terrifying and frightening. I could not scream and could not breathe. Although my terror was not, as far as I know, at the hands of the dreaded shadow people, it is an experience similar to what other victims have described.There is a medical phenomenon called sleep paralysis that doctors and scientists claim is the origin of the shadow creatures. Sleep paralysis is a form of Parasomnia. It's said to be harmless. But, don't tell that to the people affected.Shadow people were almost unheard of until they were mentioned by a listener on “am coast to coast” a popular nighttime radio program.Suddenly, people started talking about shadow people and the hat man and the cloak man. It was amazing how many people were affected by and haunted by these creatures.They thought that they were alone in their suffering from these horrific beings. Many were relieved to know that there were others out there suffering the same fate. It made people feel better to know that they had some support.Different parts of the world have their own kind of shadow people and so you can see that it actually is a worldwide phenomenon.* In Scandinavia shadow people are called Mares. A Mare is a woman who is damned and at night travels without the victims' knowledge to sit on the chest of their fellow villagers and steal their breath.* In the country of Newfoundland and in the American States of South Carolina and Georgia the shadow person is known as a Hag.People thus affected describe a feeling of terror and a feeling of breathlessness, like a very heavy weight pressing on their chest and they are unable to move. This is notable as being called “Hag ridden”.* In Provincetown, Massachusetts, in the year 1939 there was a creature known as the Black Flash that terrorized the villagers of that burg for around 9 years.School children were the first to report the black flash. They were molested by this creature as they were walking home from school. After 9 years the sightings stopped and haven't returned.* On the island of Fuji it is called, Kana Tevoro, being eaten by a demon. Sometimes the spirt is a dead relative. People that witness an attack often say” Kania, Kania” eat, eat.They want, if you can believe it, to prolong the attack so that they can ask the spirt or dead relative questions like “Why did you come back?”What is the purpose of these shadow creatures? What do they want from us? Is it our souls? Do they feed off of pain and suffering and fear? Some say that they are ghosts.Personally, I believe they are something much more horrible. Either a monster from the very depths of hell or perhaps something conceived in the tortured psyche of the human being it appears to.Either way, shadow people have been on this planet for many centuries and will most certainly be around for many years to come.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Adela Fígaro wasn't worried when high winds began to lash their home, high on a hill in Las Marias, an area in the west-central region of Puerto Rico. The Dominican Republic native, with a quick wit and a big smile, had been through other serious storms in their 30-plus years living deep in the mountains of the island, about 60 miles from San Juan, where much of the island's coffee and fruit is grown.
The winds picked up but they remained safe in bed, even when large parts of trees flew by their window as the full force of Hurricane Maria's 200-mile-an-hour winds reached the area.
“I'm not getting up out of my bed until the roof comes off,” they remember thinking.
And then it did.
Nonetheless, they aren't scared, they recall as we talk outside their home as still more rain begins to move into the area. Them family's home is adjacent to their 16.5-acre property where they grow bananas, mangos, coffee, and other fruits—much of which was wiped out by the storm.
Three weeks ago today, Maria tore through Puerto Rico, inflicting one of the worst natural disasters in a generation on the island of about 3.5 million. The government counts more than 5,700 refugees—those whose homes were destroyed or have been rendered uninhabitable—and claims that cellular communications are back up to about 53 percent of the capacity the island had before the storm—although connections still drop frequently in San Juan, the island's capital city. (If you see groups of cars pulled onto the shoulders of highways in a given spot, it's probably because there's a small pocket of cell service.) The government reports that more than 86 percent of grocery stores are open, but people across the island will tell you that there isn't much food on the shelves, and they're forced to go buy meals in the restaurants where either power has been restored or, more likely, a diesel-powered generator keeps the lights on.
While the entire island of Puerto Rico was devastated by Hurricane Maria, the residents of the more isolated central mountain region that runs across the island from east to west were particularly hard hit. And for those like Adela Fígaro and their family, their relative isolation has made it nearly impossible for them to access relief supplies, forcing them to buy what little food stock has made it to market.
Even if bountiful food supplies were accessible, many don't have the electricity to refrigerate it. Roughly 10.6 percent of the island has had its electricity restored, the government says, but there are still giant chunks of the island that go black at night. In the central mountain areas where Fígaro lives with their husband and two grown sons, people aren't expecting to get electricity back anytime soon. Eduardo, one of Adela's sons, estimates it will take two years, but their mother is a bit more fatalistic.
“OK,” they reply. “2020.””What year is it?” they say smiling. I play along and say, “2017.”
 They are unfazed by the fact that the more prosperous San Juan is getting electricity before the mountains, saying they are just “happy because at least someone” is getting it.
They scoff at the government claims that more than half of Puerto Rico's electricity has been restored. “To where?” they ask, as the men sitting at their bar laugh.
In the Cerrote sector of Lares, a town in the central mountains about an hour-and-a-half from San Juan on a good day, Denise Ruíz and their husband own and run a convenience store and bar called the Colmada La Nueva Parada at a junction of roads that snake through the area. They scoff at the government claims that more than half of Puerto Rico's electricity has been restored. “To where?” they ask, as the men sitting at their bar laugh.
“I've accepted that we won't have electricity up here for at least a year,” they say, noting that she'll just have to keep running their business on a diesel-powered generator.
But more pressing than electricity is access to clean drinking water, and in this too those in the mountains are underserved. The government says that 64 percent of island residents have had their water service restored, but in many places, that's not the case. In Lares, some residents now have clean water, but others still rely on state or federal government distribution centers. Angela Serrano, the principal of Domingo Aptone Collazo High School in Lares, has run a refugee center out of the high school where 24 people have been living temporarily for the last three weeks. They say they have most of what they need besides water, which has to be brought in every other day from Arecibo, a city on the island's north coast about an hour away.
At the shelter, which is inside the town's high school's classrooms, I talked with Johana Camacho, 38, a small woman with colorful hair, who is living in a classroom with their 18-year-old son Hector Ríos, and their 14-year-old daughter Naishaly Ríos—both of whom have special needs. The family occupies one classroom, while other rooms have been designated for women and men, separately. They say their home was partially destroyed in the storm, but that they want to get out of the shelter and get their children back to their house but can't because it's been destroyed. They have been having trouble getting medications for themselves and their kids, and is trying to navigate the FEMA claims process, which they call “difficult.”
“I keep tight to my faith in God,” they tell me. “I move forward for these two. I can't stop.”
If getting water to people at the shelter is challenging, it's been nearly impossible in the more remote mountain communities outside of Lares. Back up in Cerrote outside of the town's main center, Ruíz, at the Colmada La Nueva Parada, says that in their area, the local, state, and federal governments have not begun distributing water or other essentials. Area residents have gone to distribution points in other towns, which for some means navigating tight mountain roads that almost every day are getting covered in mud and other debris from ongoing landslides. Ruíz says that one day the town's mayor did show up in a water truck with a few other men, but distributed no water and left after buying a few Cokes.
“He didn't even ask if people up here needed water, or how we were doing,” they say.
It's been raining hard the last few days on the island, and the weather forecast says the bad weather will continue. That's a problem for many who lost their roofs during the storm, including the Fígaro family, who were able to find enough metal sheets to at least cover up their bedroom. They've secured a tarp to the top of the house above part of what was once the living room, but it hasn't made much difference.
“This is like living in a boat with a hole in it, and we're constantly using buckets to get the water out,” says Pedro Fígaro, Adela's husband.
Adela says they went to talk to a FEMA representative at the town center in Las Marias, but the representative told them they have no idea when they'll be up to survey the damage to their home, so they are doing the repairs themselves.
“I don't expect them to come,” they say. “If they want to come help, that's great. But if not, we'll have to keep going.”
The family is burning burlap sacks in hopes that the smoke will keep the mosquitos away, but they've had only limited success. Getting to Ruíz's store about a mile away for provisions has become more difficult with the daily rains that have made the already dangerous roads still more treacherous.
Adela still knows what is most important.
“Nothing that bad has happened here,” they say, smiling. “We're all still alive in the end. That's what matters.”
What else do you want to know about the crisis in Puerto Rico? Our reporters are taking your questions. Submit them here.
Japanese Arcade and Gift Shop Opens in The Short North
Photos via Gotcha Gachapon.
Anthony Locke and Shane Mack first met at an anime convention and became fast friends. After attending many more conventions together throughout each calendar year, the duo decided to showcase their fandom in a more dedicated fashion.
“Why cant we just have a small convention every day with Japanese import arcade machines, toys and Pocky?” said Locke. “And so the concept of Gotcha Gachapon was born.”
The new store is located at 997 North High Street, inside of Maotef Gifts, where owner Todd Fry has sublet space for the Japanese pop-culture shop-slash-arcade. Gotcha's product lineup includes an assortment of collectables, wall scrolls and other items from series ranging from Dragonball Z to Sailor Moon to Naruto to Attack on Titan. Arcade games in the space currently include Percussion Master and Police 911, both of which require full-body workouts to play.
“What we really liked about arcades as kids the experience with new games,” explained Locke. “Most of the arcades around here have a lot of retro gaming… things we've all played a thousand times or can just download on our phones. Our arcade can guarantee games that most people haven't seen or played in any arcade, and definitely wouldn't be able to play at home since they all have unique peripherals.”
Other rhythm games are slated to make an appearance in the store include Jubeat and Taiko No Tatsujin (Drum Master). Locke says that Silent Hill: The Arcade and Super Table Flip are also on order for the store.
Gotcha Gachapon is now open from Noon to 7pm with a limited selection of products. More is expected to be in stock in time for the November 1st Gallery Hop. The team also plans to launch an online store in the near future with a “Gotcha Gachabox” monthly service.
“It's similar to Loot Crate and other generally nerdy subscription services where you would choose aspects of anime, Japanese pop culture, or gaming that interest you and we would create a custom gift box containing products much cheaper than retail,” explains Locke.”And as we get into this holiday season, we can guarantee tons of gift ideas for fans of comics and gaming.”
For more information, visit www.facebook.com/ggpon.
Related Articles: No related articles.
About the Author Walker is the co-founder of ColumbusUnderground.com and TheMetropreneur.com along with their wife and business partner Anne Evans. Walker has turned local media into a full time career over the past decade and serves on multiple boards and committees throughout the community.
Tags:
Building hardware projects has become immensely simpler thanks to Arduino and Raspberry Pi. But Visionect scratches a far more-intersting itch: e-paper interface design.
At its core the device is a very simple cased or uncased e-ink reader. It consists of a very simple, waterproof device with an e-ink screen and allows programmers to build HTML5-based applications that can be pushed directly to the platform. Built as less of a dev kit than a thin client system, you use the Visionect screen as sort of dumb terminal for your web projects although the system does allow for complex app development.
It should cost about 240 Euro when it launches. The Slovenian Team added a 120Mhz processor which powers the very basic terminal features of the device. Most of the heavy lifting, then, is done on the Visionect servers and pushed to the devices as needed.
It's an interesting strategy – cheap hardware and a focus on cloud services – and I suspect it could catch on in situations where an e-ink interface would be ideal due to environmental concerns. In other words, don't think of this as a denuded Kindle but instead a Star-Trek-esque flat control panel that is weatherproof and won't be overpowered in sunlight.
via The Digital Reader
Dez Bryant was targeted only five times during the Dallas Cowboys' first game of the season, with the receiver catching just one pass for eight yards.
The New York Giants dropped the Cowboys to 0-1 partly because of their inability to push the ball downfield. Rookie quarterback Dak Prescott finished with five yards per attempt on 45 passes, leading Cowboys owner Jerry Jones to say that Bryant needs the ball even when the defense is double covering him.
"I think it's self-evident. They do need to get involved early," said Jones on Friday on 105.3 The Fan, according to Patrick Walker of 247Sports.com.
"He seemingly has a little habit if he's not involved early it coincides at least with what happens at the end of the second half. All of that is pretty apparent. I know for a fact our staff, and certainly in that case Dez, would be aware of putting that kind of attention to him."
"I think you use their (Bryant's) physicality," Jones continued. "You use their ability to just win and you have to get the ball to them when he's double covered."
The Washington Redskins are the Cowboys' Week 2 opponents, and Jones believes their team must utilize their wealth of offensive talent better if they're to avoid an 0-2 start.
"We've got to get the ball in the hands of our playmakers." they said.
Jebb lost seeking Newlands
Cape Town - It would be rather more inconvenient if it happened on Saturday, but the Stormers' Canadian loose forward acquisition Jebb Sinclair had a problem on Wednesday finding Newlands rugby stadium.
Their misfortune was understandable, considering that the on-loan player from London Irish has been in the Cape for barely a week and sampled the ground only once previously, but they will certainly need to have their geographical bearings right this weekend - they make their first start in Super Rugby against the Waratahs (kickoff 19:10) after getting almost an hour off the bench through necessity against the Cheetahs.
“In terms of fitting in with us, he's really a fantastic bloke,” explained coach Allister Coetzee on Wednesday.
“So it was good fun when they were late for our team meeting this morning ... because he'd got lost en route.
“We'd started at the High Performance Centre (in Bellville) for gym work and then we all headed in cars for Newlands to train; Jebb was following some of the guys and somehow went astray!”
It was tempting to ask Coetzee whether Sinclair had inadvertently headed for Cape Town Stadium, the venue linked with a possible move by WP Rugby down the line and prominent landmark these days when you head towards town on the N1, but they assured that the player was well aware of the gravitas associated with Newlands.
“It says much about their personality that they aren't overawed by playing in front of 40 000-plus people ... something they probably don't do that often. He's coping well in our fold.
“He's still getting used to our structures, obviously. There's a lot of fine detail that goes into planning and preparation, so it's unfair to expect Jebb Sinclair to suddenly become Duane Vermeulen or Nick Koster.
“But he's doing well. He's a clever rugby player; he's lineout-intelligent and becomes a good option for us there.”
Considering the Stormers' problem with scoring prolific amounts of tries per match, was Coetzee rueing, nevertheless, surrendering the pace and flair offered by now-injured No 8 Nizaam Carr?
“Yes, obviously it was a bit of a setback in terms of their (encouraging) development. He'd had a good start against the Force.
“He came into a wet game there, and nevertheless showed up well, so it would have been nice to see the speed they offer in perfect conditions some time, too ... I know you all want to see us score more tries, which is our intention whenever possible, but there was nothing we could do about the rain in Perth, for example.”
*Follow our chief writer on Twitter: @RobHouwing
Sport24
Published on June 19th, 2017
Like a weekly television program, we watched the first episode of the 35th America's Cup last weekend. In that show, Emirates Team New Zealand had the starring role, got the good camera angles, and all the best lines. Will Oracle Team USA have a bigger part in the next episode? Matthew Sheahan, Producer of The World Sailing Show, offers some insight from Bermuda.
So why are the Kiwis challengers so fast and is there anything Oracle can do to come back?
No doubt I'll be eating my words when they return to the course on June 24, but for now I'd say that it's going to be very difficult indeed for the Defenders to find sufficient pace to out run the Kiwis.
There's been plenty of attention on the Kiwi bicycles providing heaps of power, but I don't think that's where the advantage lies.
The issue is more with Team New Zealand's control system – this is at the heart of their campaign.
Over the last couple of weeks we have discovered two things that stand out.
First, that their flight control system is seriously impressive.
Unlike the other teams, theirs tells their crew members what settings they should be on at any given point. Like an autopilot that tells you what you should do, but stops short of doing it for you, their control systems give guidance to those in trimming roles such as Blair Tuke on the foils and Glenn Ashby on the wing.
Out here we're calling it chasing the dots. I have no idea whether this is really the case but the analogy is that the computer shows you where you should be, you just match it.
The second impressive feature is that this is only possible because the Kiwi crew have their hands-free thanks to their bikes.
The focus so far has been on the power output, but the reality seems to be that while they may be able to squeeze a few more watts out of the pedal based system, being able to control other items by hand is the key.
So when you've got a sophisticated control system and reliable human inputs you get stable flight. And when you've got stable flight you can perform tricky manoeuvres such as a last minute tack or gybe in a heartbeat.
But you can also push the design envelope.
For example, the Kiwis' cranked foils need to be flown more accurately because they have less vertical shaft. Ride too high and they run out of side force early as the boat rises up. But if you can control the ride height precisely you can create far more efficient foils. And it is clear that the Kiwis have these.
A similar design loop exists with the wing.
Most of the teams have been controlling the power in the rig with the wing sheet in the same way that you and I would play the mainsheet.
But the Kiwis have effectively cleated the mainsheet and are controlling the power by altering the twist. The equivalent of trimming the kicker.
Doing this keeps the power low down even when they are spilling out the top of the sail to de-power the rig.
Again, this is probably only possible because of the accurate flight control system and a sophisticated algorithm that tells wing trimmer Glenn Ashby how to trim the wing at any given moment.
With the crew chasing dots to sail as efficiently as possible, perhaps it's hardly surprising that we are not hearing much chatter on board Emirates Team New Zealand.
On Oracle the dialogue is much the same as you'd expect to hear on any other grand prix racer. But on the high speed cats, decisions have to be taken instantly, there is no time to discuss.
The control system may well make this possible but you'd also have to imagine that Burling and Tuke work like this on their 49er. Feeling rather than talking comes naturally to them.
Oracle has five days to turn this around, bags of time you might think given the day that they had in San Francisco.
But I think this is a different deal.
To get up to the Kiwi's game means matching stable flight and that means building a complex system of hardware and software along with finding new ways to control the boat.
To do that would be a massive ask.
And for those that say, ‘they've done it before', the AC72s were large lumbering beasts by comparison that were nowhere near as complex and twitchy as the current Cup boats.
Bentley's versus rally cars, there is little to compare the two.
Having said all of this, we were all staggered at Oracle's comeback in 2013, to achieve the same this time around would be incredible.
I'm preparing to eat my words.
Race Results
Race One: Emirates Team New Zealand beat ORACLE TEAM USA by 30 seconds (stats).
Race Two: Emirates Team New Zealand beat ORACLE TEAM USA by 1 minute and 28 seconds (stats).
Race Three: Emirates Team New Zealand beat ORACLE TEAM USA by 49 seconds (stats).
Race Four: Emirates Team New Zealand beat ORACLE TEAM USA by 1 minute and 12 seconds (stats).
Overall Results*
Emirates Team New Zealand (3) vs ORACLE TEAM USA (0)
* Scoreboard: While the Challenger has won all four races, their match score is 3-0. The Defender, which won the Qualifiers held on May 26-June 3, began the series with a one point advantage. As the rules detail, the Challenger would carry a one point disadvantage (ie, minus 1), meaning they will need to win eight races to take the trophy whereas the Defender need only win seven races.
Schedule: The dates of the Match extend from June 17 to 28, though will end earlier when a team scores 7 points. The next race day is June 24 and will continue daily thereafter until there is a winner.
Event details – Results – Facebook
Here are the answers to these questions…
• What is the racing schedule? Click here
• What is the competition format? Click here
• How can I watch the racing? Click here
Image copyright PA Image caption Directors' earnings have risen 278% in 14 years while average wages have gone up by 48%
Directors of the top 100 listed UK companies now earn 120 times the average sum earned by their employees, according to a report by Incomes Data Services (IDS).
Executive pay has escalated far faster than average pay. In 2000, bosses of top companies earned 47 times more.
IDS said a director now typically earns £2.43m a year. Official figures put the average annual salary at £27,000.
This year bosses' pay rose by more than a fifth, IDS said.
IDS said the rise was driven by a 44% rise in share awards, which were given as long-term incentives.
Bonuses were also up, by 12%, although basic salaries were £822,300, up by a far more muted 2.5%. That, though, is still some three times the size of average wage rises.
The latest official figures show that, excluding bonuses, average earnings in the May to July period rose by 0.7% from a year earlier; including bonuses, they rose by 0.6%.
Differential
The IDS report shows that the long-term impact of years of high earnings growth has widened the pay differential between FTSE 100 chief executives and the rest of the workforce.
It found that between 2000 and 2014 the median total earnings for FTSE 100 bosses rose by 278%, while the corresponding rise in total earnings for full-time employees was 48%.
Steve Tatton, editor of the IDS report, said: "The pattern of pay growth highlights the complex make-up of directors' remuneration.
"Salary rises may be modest but this can be more than made up for by the receipt of incentive payments. When such incentives pay out, they can pay out substantial sums, giving a significant boost to directors' earnings."
The best paid chief executives were in media, marketing and telecoms, while the lowest were in retail and distribution.
Hawksbill Sea Turtles
Considered by many to be the most beautiful of sea turtles for their colorful shells, the hawksbill is found in tropical waters around the world. They spend their time in coral reefs, rocky areas, lagoons, mangroves, oceanic islands, and shallow coastal areas.
Named for its narrow head and sharp, bird-like beak, hawksbills can reach into cracks and crevices of coral reefs looking for food. Their diet is very specialized, feeding almost exclusively on sponges. One of the smaller turtles, adults weigh between 100-200 pounds (45 - 90 kg) and reach 2-3 feet (roughly .5 to 1 meter) in length. Learn more about their diet.
Facts & Tidbits
These turtles are solitary nesters, nesting in low densities on small scattered beaches. Adult females are well adapted for crawling over reefs and rocky areas to reach secluded nesting sites.
On average, they nest roughly 4 times per season at 2-week intervals and lay around 140 eggs per nest. Nests however, may contain over 200 eggs!
Hawksbills are considered Critically Endangered around the world by the IUCN Red List and are listed as Endangered in the US. Some researchers believe the Eastern Pacific hawksbill is likely the most endangered sea turtle population worldwide.
Their scientific name is Eretmochelys imbricata.
Distribution
This species inhabits tropical and some sub-tropical regions in the Atlantic, Pacific, and Indian Oceans. The largest populations occur in the Caribbean Sea, the Seychelles, Indonesia, Mexico, and Australia. Hawksbills are not found in the Mediterranean and few are found in US waters; only a handful nest in Florida each year.
T they reprint in Magic 2012 have inspired lots of discussion among the Magic community. Cards like Solemn Simulacrum and Grim Lavamancer have already made their mark on competitive Standard. For some others, like Zombie Infestation and Smallpox, revealing them got players excited, but the role that they will play is not yet clear. A few have received a more mixed reaction; in particular, I have seen feedback from some players that they would have preferred new cards instead of having the Titans and the dual lands from Magic 2010 come back.
Here is a secret: when the Magic 2012 design file was handed off to development, the Titans were not in the file. After some vigorous discussion and advocacy, I convinced everyone that we should put them back in.
Before I tell you why, let me give you some context, all of which was in the front of our minds when we were working on the set.
Home
Historically, core sets have been a source of stability in Standard. They consisted only of reprinted cards and were legal for two years. They were also the place that many of Magic's staples lived. Cards like Llanowar Elves, Wrath of God, and Karplusan Forest showed up set after set, and one could trust that those cards would always be around. This also helped to return lapsed players, who often recognized cards they played with before they left and consequently felt more comfortable returning.
Although these core sets gave Magic a sense of stability, they weren't very exciting releases. The set functioned much more like a list of cards that happened to be legal than an actual product that was fun to buy, which wasn't great for anyone.
Since Magic 2010, we've been including new cards in each core set. This went over very well with players, who like new cards. It's also good for us, as we get to engineer a Limited environment and include new Constructed cards, like Great Sable Stag and Obstinate Baloth, designed to deal with the problems of the day.
Despite this, we've also tried to keep some measure of stability. Llanowar Elves and Birds of Paradise haven't gone anywhere. Some new Magic 2010 cards, like Elvish Archdruid, Goblin Chieftain, and the five Magic 2010 dual lands, have stuck around as well. That lets us keep some stability, both for making returning lapsed players more comfortable and for just giving Magic a sense of familiarity over time.
Movement
Because of where core sets fit into our schedules now, they have a natural lifetime in Standard of fifteen months—from their release to the October after the ext core set. That's shorter than any of our other sets, but we think there are compensating factors. First, fewer of the cards in the set are functionally new, with just around a hundred each time so far. Second, we reprint many of those functionally new cards the next time, so some of them get another lease on life.
The change to releasing functionally new cards in the core set, though, affects competitive players' needs. They need to find new cards a little more often. If we don't reprint any of the most important constructed cards from the previous core set in the next core set, then that's even more cards that the competitive player has to track down. That would be a big change from before, when core sets were bastions of stability in Standard.
Thrills
The fifteen-month core set legality window also creates some strange three-month periods. Magic 2012, for example, only has three months in Standard before Zendikar block and Magic 2011 rotate out. Right now, Grim Lavamancer is operating at full power with its friends Arid Mesa and Scalding Tarn, but upon Innistrad's release, it'll probably miss them. Grim Lavamancer won't change, but the change in the cards around it will make it seem like it is quite a different card.
The fifteen-month core set legality window (as explained by Aaron Forsythe here) also creates some strange three-month periods. Magic 2010 featured the ever-popular Megrim, but Magic 2011 chose to replace it with Liliana's Caress. This created a strange combination deck that used cards like Burning Inquiry to randomly deal tons of damage to the opponent. Once again, this was pretty cool, but there was only a three-month window in which it existed. This kind of three-month spike provides exactly the opposite of the stability that the core set used to.
All My Friends
The first card that we had to answer tough reprinting questions about was Lightning Bolt. Aaron felt strongly that it belonged in Magic 2010, and were fortunate to discover that it didn't break anything, despite being very good. Things got controversial when Aaron designed Magic 2011 and insisted that it be included there as well. Lightning Bolt is incredibly powerful, and we weren't sure it was right to keep it around for another year. Aaron didn't want to give players the kind of whiplash that I was just talking about, though, so they asked that we keep it for a second spin.
It was obvious to me that by Magic 2012 it would be time for Lightning Bolt to go. I suspected that many players would respond well to memories of Tenth Edition if I replaced it with Shock and Incinerate, so I used them as my replacement. However, I had to figure out what to do with Mana Leak, which returned to the core set with Magic 2011. I ended up using the same logic as Aaron, and chose to keep it around for one more year. I'm no longer certain about whether this was correct, but it's what I did.
The more controversial place that I made a similar decision was the Titans. They went over very well in Magic 2011, and lots of players put tons of effort into acquiring them and playing with them. If we did not include them in Magic 2012, they would be gone just as quickly as they arrived. I thought that this would give the core set too much of a transitory feeling to it.
As a player, I would have expected some amount of stability in every part of the set, including the highest-rarity cards. This meant that I wanted to reprint some desirable mythic rares. Most people thought that the Titans only made sense as a unit. I explored not reprinting them, but that would have meant reprinting Baneslayer Angel again, Time Reversal, Demon of Death's Gate, Gaea's Revenge, and Platinum Angel, only a few of which are serious Constructed cards. With no compelling alternative, I successfully advocated for the Titans instead.
The story behind Glacial Fortress and friends returning is even more mundane. We think Magic is more fun when players can cast their spells, and repeating these lands again was intended to make them accessible to more players over time. We never considered replacing them.
Too Much Love
I was originally surprised when some players reacted negatively to the Titans' second appearance. However, I now think I understand what happened. Third-party tournament circuits like the StarCityGames.com open series are running more tournaments with great coverage than ever before. On top of that, Magic Online has never been bigger, and the results from tournaments there continue to pour in every hour of every day.
The collective effect of these things is that you all figure formats out much, much faster. Three months of Magic community work now is equivalent to perhaps six or even nine months of work five years ago. That means that we may need to reexamine our model of the core set as a bastion of stability. I would be uncomfortable with getting rid of Serra Angel and Llanowar Elves, but I'm sure that we could have replaced the Titans or Mana Leak in order to change the competitive environment without getting rid of the keystone cards that lapsed players will recognize when they come back.
To be sure, the "problem" of "too much" Magic being played is one that we're thrilled to have. In the grand scheme of things, it's hardly a problem at all. Despite that, it is something we're all going to have to adjust to. We work with long lead times, so you won't see whatever we do to react to it right away, but we're thinking about what to do as you read this.
Before Magic 2012 was revealed, I was confident in my decision to reprint the Titans and had never questioned the decision to repeat the cycle of dual lands from Magic 2010. In the modern world today, though, the stability that once marked the core set may have become outmoded. We would be happy to adjust if that's true, so I'll leave you with two poll questions. Before I go, though, I'd love to hear from you in the forums too. Are you happy about the Titans and the lands? If yes, why? If not, why not? I look forward to hearing your thoughts.
Last Week's Poll
VANCOUVER, BC – Vancouver Whitecaps FC announced on Thursday that the club has acquired wide midfielder Cristian Techera on a season-long loan, with a transfer option, from Club Atlético River Plate Montevideo of the Uruguayan Primera División – pending receipt of their international transfer certificate, as well as their Canadian work permit and visa.
Vancouver acquired the first right of refusal to Techera from Toronto FC in exchange for allocation money. Per Major League Soccer and club policy, terms of the deals were not disclosed.
“We are thrilled to welcome Cristian to our club,” said head coach Carl Robinson . “He is a quick natural winger, who can play on both sides of the pitch. They have great technical ability and will excite in the attacking third.”
Whitecaps FC midfielder Cristian Techera
In 24 matches this season, scored 10 goals with River Plate Montevideo
Helped River Plate Montevideo qualify for the Copa Sudamericana the last two seasons
“I am very happy and excited to join Whitecaps FC,” add Techera. “I will work hard to support the team and will do everything I can to help our team achieve our goals.”
Techera made their professional debut with Atlético River Plate Montevideo of the Uruguayan Primera División in April 2010 at the age of 17. Over their six seasons in Uruguay's top flight, Techera started 45 of their 74 appearances and scored 18 goals. In addition to the league play, the speedy Uruguayan started four matches and scored one goal in both the 2013 and 2014 Copa Sudamericana.
During the last three seasons at River Plate, Techera was teammates with striker Leandro Rodriguez, the younger brother of Whitecaps FC centre back Diego Rodríguez. Techera was also teammates with Whitecaps FC attacking midfielder Nicolas Mezquida on the regional team of Paysandú.
Prior to joining River Plate, Techera was a member of the youth set-up at Club Atlético Peñarol, also in Montevideo.
Cristian Techera
Position: Midfielder
Height: 5-02
Weight: 150
Date of Birth: May 31, 1992
Birthplace: Paysandú, Uruguay
Hometown: Paysandú, Uruguay
Citizenship: Uruguay
Status: International
Last Club: Club Atlético River Plate Montevideo (Uruguayan Primera División)
Acquired: Season-long loan from Uruguayan Primera División side Club Atlético River Plate Montevideo on Thursday, April 9, 2015
Be a part of the best sporting atmosphere in Vancouver! Whitecaps FC Season Tickets are now on sale. In addition to Season Tickets, Whitecaps FC offer a flexible range of ticket products, including Half-Season Packs, 5-Packs, a Youth Soccer Half-Season Ticket, and single match tickets. For more information, visit whitecapsfc.com/tickets.
But first here is what you get in the box
(including unlocked stretch rewards)
$30k - Backer's choice - Metro or Light in the Dark Expansion - UNLOCKED
$30k - Bunny Van Camp Survivor - UNLOCKED
$40k - 2 new room tiles - UNLOCKED
$70k - 2 new room tiles - UNLOCKED
$85k - Chuck Lee Survivor - UNLOCKED
$100k - 10 new zombies (Guts) - UNLOCKED
$120k - 8 additional Stench zombies - UNLOCKED
$130k - Toxic (giant snake creature), Masher (gorilla creature), Helen Kronin, wife of Doc Mortimer (Nemesis) - UNLOCKED
$135k - Helicopter expansion and 4 equipment cards - UNLOCKED
$140k - 10 new zombies (Disco Doll) - UNLOCKED
$145k - Glow-in-the-dark creature dice and 2 new room tiles -UNLOCKED
$150k - Rachel Kronin, daughter of Helen (Nemesis) - UNLOCKED
$155k - 10 Glow-in-the-dark zombies (Stench) - UNLOCKED
$160k - Victims mini-expansion - UNLOCKED
$165k - RadioactiveRed Survivor/Nemesis expansion - UNLOCKED
$170k - 10 new zombies (Chunk) - UNLOCKED
$180k - set of 20 Survivor dice (4 in each player color) - UNLOCKED
$190k - All tiles are now double sided (back of tile shows burnt room) -UNLOCKED
$200k - 6 equipment cards
$210k - 2 extra rooms
JUST ADDED - 3 new creatures - normal and RadioactiveRed - (6 creatures total) (Delivery date TBD) - $35
JUST ADDED - 1 Survivor/ 1 Nemesis - normal and RadioactiveRed - (Delivery date TBD) - $25
JUST ADDED - Limited Edition Survivor David the Painter - (Delivery date TBD) - $15
JUST ADDED - #1 Backer's Special 3 new creatures, 1 Survivor, 1 Nemesis and 1 David Survivor. For a total of 6 minis and cards (Delivery date TBD) - $40 including shipping.
JUST ADDED - #2 Backer's Special 3 new creatures 1 Survivor, 1 Nemesis - normal and Radioactive - and 1 David Survivor - normal. For a total of 11 minis and cards (David's unusual genetic inheritance will help them stay ahead of the undead legions.) (Delivery date TBD) - $45 including shipping.
Radioactive Expansion "RadioactiveRed Nemesis and Survivor Expansion" ($15 USD)
Radioactive Expansion "Radioactive Zombie Expansion 1 - $35 (expected MSRP $50)
Grey Stench Zombies (qty 10) - $10
Grey Tuff Guy Zombies (qty 10) - $10
Grey Guts Zombies (qty 10) - $10
Grey Disco Doll Zombies (qty 10) - $10
Grey Chunk Zombies (qty 10) - $10
10 of each Grey zombie (Stench, Tuff Guy, Guts, Disco Doll, and Chunk) - $35
RadioactiveRed Stench Zombies (qty 10) - $10 - inc. in RadioactiveRed zombie expansion
RadioactiveRed Tuff Guy Zombies (qty 10) - $10 - does not add to gameplay - for "looks" only :-) (Tuff Zombies are immune to radiation)
RadioactiveRed Guts Zombies (qty 10) - $10 -inc. in RadioactiveRed zombie expansion
RadioactiveRed Disco Doll Zombies (qty 10) - $10 -inc. in RadioactiveRed zombie expansion
RadioactiveRed Chunk Zombies (qty 10) - $10
10 of each RadioactiveRed zombie (Stench, Tuff Guy, Guts, Disco Doll, and Chunk) - $35
RadioactiveRed Component pack - $10 - inc. in RadioactiveRed zombie expansion and also the RadioactiveRed Nemesis and Survivor Expansion
RadioactiveRed Bad Boy Set (5 creatures - minis only) - $15 - inc. in RadioactiveRed zombie expansion
RadioactiveRed Bad Boy Boards (5 creature boards - no minis) - $10 - inc. in RadioactiveRed zombie expansion
RadioactiveRed Survivor Set (7 survivors) - $10 - inc. in the RadioactiveRed Nemesis and Survivor Expansion
RadioactiveRed Nemesis Set (4 nemeses) - $8 - inc. in the RadioactiveRed Nemesis and Survivor Expansion
Light In the Dark Expansion - $20
Helicopter mini expansion - $5
Glow-in-the-dark creature dice and 2 room tiles - $10
The complete package (to get one of everything unique here on KS - this is for premium backers assuming we reach the $180k stretch reward and assuming you take the Light-in the-Dark expansion option, you need the RadioactiveRed zombie expansion1, RadioactiveRed Chunk zombies, and Backer's Special #2) - add $90
The complete package (to get one of everything (gameplay and cosmetic) unique here on KS - this is for premium backers assuming we reach the $180k stretch reward and assuming you take the Light-in the-Dark expansion option, you need the RadioactiveRed zombie expansion 1, RadioactiveRed Chunk zombies, RadioactiveRed Tuff zombies and Backer's Special #2) - add $100
Dark Darker Darkest is a cooperative survival horror board game for 2-5 “survivors” exploring the heavily secured house of Doctor Mortimer and facing the horrors that hide inside.
The main goal of the game is to unlock the security system of the doctor's laboratory, which holds the antidote to stop the apocalypse. The game system will fight the “survivors” every step of the way to protect the laboratory's secrets.
Do you dare enter the darkness, risking your life to save all of humanity? Before you decide, here is a partial glimpse of what waits for you (characters shown include stretch rewards for premium backers) inside the house of Dr. Mortimer.
The zombie "stench", Dr. Mortimer, Helen Kronen, and Lisa Mortimer
Did we forget to mention the creatures you might meet?
"Wolfram", "Toxic", "Masher", "Gnaw" and "Rotting Rover"
And here is your unlikely band of heroes/survivors (entre nous I am a little worried).
A weapons dealer, college geek, nurse, bodyguard, firefighter, martial arts tennis pro and psycho cheerleader
This is the first of several videos (each less than 5 minutes) that explain a scenario, as well as several key components, a player turn and the zombie/house reaction. Others are linked in the appropriate sections that follow.
Players choose a starting character. Each character has different abilities and has one starting item of equipment unique to them or them As you explore the home and laboratory of Dr. Mortimer you may find additional equipment that will be key in your quest to save humanity.
The most recent character board version with improved graphics
The starting weapon for Nina
The game board is made by laying out twenty 4"x4" room tiles to make a 4x5 "floor plan" of Dr. Mortimer's home and laboratory. The game comes with additional inner and outer rooms so that the house layout will be different every time you play, adding to the game's replayability.
The game has a multi-tracker board that provides the players with an intuitive reminder to keep track of the flow of the game. The board also is helpful when players break into separate groups, as the game "adapts" to that situation. Within a team, players act in a non-scripted order, creating a dynamic that breaks the classic player-order limitations and reduces downtime. Once a team has spent their pool of actions all creatures on the board react before the next team takes its turn, making the decision as to which team goes first crucial.
For the end game the Multi-Tracker is turned to its red side and the nature of the Team-Tracker changes. Throughout the game, making good use of your action points is critical. But in the end game, time is working against you, so you need to work with an increased sense of urgency!!!
The security panel is set with the code needed to break into Dr. Mortimer's lab. This code is randomly generated every game.
In Dr. Mortimer's home, zombies roam the halls and fires that can randomly break out and spread are a real and dangerous threat.
At the end of the game you must face one of the nemesis characters, also known as "big bosses". They are even harder to kill than the special creatures and have unique abilities that can thwart your efforts. Check out our backer levels! Character colors are not representative of final product. Miniatures will be provided unpainted.
CRYSIS ANALOGUE EDITION teaser video.For more information please click the link below the video.
http://www.boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/133547/crysis-analogue-edition-the-board-game
Backing a new game here on Kickstarter means you believe in the game, and you should be rewarded for your faith in the game!
If you order the game here on Kickstarter, you'll get a copy of the game in advance of the release date! You and your fellow Kickstarter backers will be the very first people to own the game!
Metro is a reprint (after 4 years) and was nominated for German game of the year in 2000. It will be available in retail (at a MSRP of US 39.99 ) from September 2013.
Light In The Dark Expansion This expansion adds 32 Tuff Guy Glow-in-the-dark zombies, tokens and rules.
*While every effort will be made to ship when promised, estimated delivery dates are estimates and are subject to change, unknown external factors may cause delays. Early delivery promise applies only to addresses within the United States, backers from other countries may get their rewards later.
*See details in the shipping section at the bottom of the page.
Character colors are not representative of final product. Miniatures will be provided unpainted.
ADD-ONs
NOTE TO BACKERS
All components of this game are language independent with the exception of:
Names of characters, and creatures
Names of equipment
Rules will be printed in English, and German.
Character colors are not representative of final product. Miniatures will be provided unpainted.
________________________________________________________
SHIPPING
United States
Description Edit
Side view of mature adult showing characteristic "S" neck Near Devonport, Tasmania with wings raised in an aggressive display revealing white flight feathers Black swans are mostly black-feathered birds, with white flight feathers. The bill is bright red, with a pale bar and tip; and legs and feet are greyish-black. Cobs (males) are slightly larger than pens (females), with a longer and straighter bill. Cygnets (immature birds) are a greyish-brown with pale-edged feathers.[3] A mature black swan measures between 110 and 142 centimetres (43 and 56 in) in length and weighs 3.7–9 kilograms (8.2–19.8 lb). Its wing span is between 1.6 and 2 metres (5.2 and 6.6 ft).[3][4] The neck is long (relatively the longest neck among the swans) and curved in an "S"-shape. The black swan utters a musical and far reaching bugle-like sound, called either on the water or in flight, as well as a range of softer crooning notes. It can also whistle, especially when disturbed while breeding and nesting.[3][5] When swimming, black swans hold their necks arched or erect and often carry their feathers or wings raised in an aggressive display. In flight, a wedge of black swans will form as a line or a V, with the individual birds flying strongly with undulating long necks, making whistling sounds with their wings and baying, bugling or trumpeting calls.[3] Black swan skeleton ( Museum of Osteology The black swan is unlike any other Australian bird, although in poor light and at long range it may be confused with a magpie goose in flight. However, the black swan can be distinguished by its much longer neck and slower wing beat.[6] One captive population of black swans in Lakeland, Florida has produced a few individuals which are a light mottled grey color instead of black.[7]
Distribution Edit
Behaviour Edit
Up-ending in deeper water to reach food Cygnus atratus, Spring rain , Spring rain Diet and feeding Edit The black swan is almost exclusively herbivorous, and while there is some regional and seasonal variation, the diet is generally dominated by aquatic and marshland plants. In New South Wales the leaf of reedmace (genus Typha) is the most important food of birds in wetlands, followed by submerged algae and aquatic plants such as Vallisneria. In Queensland, aquatic plants such as Potamogeton, stoneworts, and algae are the dominant foods. The exact composition varies with water level; in flood situations where normal foods are out of reach black swans will feed on pasture plants on shore. The black swan feeds in a similar manner to other swans. When feeding in shallow water it will dip its head and neck under the water and it is able to keep its head flat against the bottom while keeping its body horizontal. In deeper water the swan up-ends to reach lower. Black swans are also able to filter feed at the water's surface. Nesting and reproduction Edit Parent with cygnets in Australia Family Cygnus atratus - MHNT Like other swans, the black swan is largely monogamous, pairing for life (about 6% divorce rate).[19] Recent studies have shown that around a third of all broods exhibit extra-pair paternity.[20] An estimated one-quarter of all pairings are homosexual, mostly between males.[21] They steal nests, or form temporary threesomes with females to obtain eggs, driving away the female after they lay the eggs.[22][23][24] Generally, black swans in the Southern hemisphere nest in the wetter winter months (February to September), occasionally in large colonies. A black swan nest is essentially a large heap or mound of reeds, grasses and weeds between 1 and 1.5 metres (3-4½ feet) in diameter and up to 1 metre high, in shallow water or on islands.[3][9] A nest is reused every year, restored or rebuilt as needed. Both parents share the care of the nest. A typical clutch contains 4 to 8 greenish-white eggs that are incubated for about 35–40 days.[25] Incubation begins after the laying of the last egg, to synchronise the hatching of the chicks. Prior to the commencement of incubation the parent will sit over the eggs without actually warming them. Both sexes incubate the eggs, with the female incubating at night. The change over between incubation periods is marked by ritualised displays by both sexes. If eggs accidentally roll out of the nest both sexes will retrieve the egg using the neck (in other swan species only the female performs this feat). Like all swans, black swans will aggressively defend their nests with their wings and beaks. After hatching, the cygnets are tended by the parents for about 9 months until fledging.[3][5] Cygnets may ride on their parent's back for longer trips into deeper water, but black swans undertake this behaviour less frequently than mute and black-necked swans.
Relationship with humans Edit
See also Edit
Donate
According to media reports, the Russian military reinforced its air force group at the Hmeimim Air Base near the city of Jableh with four additional Su-34 fighter bombers.
The warplanes were escorted by Tu-154 aircraft, a method used by the Russian Aerospace Forces for transporting warplanes to Syria. The Tu-154 is used as a guide for other fighters throughout the way, and may be used to hide the bombers from the American radars in the Persian Gulf and Iraq.
The Russian fighter jets deployed in Hmeimim continued carrying out multiple airstrikes on terrorist positions throughout Syria.
On April 23, the Russian Aerospace Forces paid a special attention to the militant-held town of Lataminah and provided a close-air-support to the Syrian Arab Army in the Hama offensive.
Russian jets carried out a number of raids pounding ISIS positions in Deir Ezzorr and in the vicinity of Palmyra.
The deployment of the four additional bombers brings the number of Su-34 bombers in Syria up to 12/
The Russian air force group deployed in Hmeimim reportedly includes 12 Su-24M2 bombers, four Su-30SM fighters, four Su-35 fighters and four close air support Su-25sm fighter jets along with a range of service aircraft.
Donate
The latest allegation in the Damian Green MP arrest scandal, is that, according to The Times:
From The Times
April 18, 2009
Shami Chakrabarti was target in police search Rachel Sylvester and Alice Thomson Police who arrested the Conservative frontbencher Damian Green trawled their private e-mails looking for information on Britain's leading civil liberties campaigner. Officers from Scotland Yard's antiterror squad searched the computer seized from their parliamentary office using the key words "Shami Chakrabarti" - even though the Liberty director had nothing to do with the leaking of Home Office documents that prompted the investigation. In an interview with The Times, Mr Green warned that their arrest and the raids on their Commons office and homes smacked of a "police state". The Tory immigration spokesperson said that Ms Chakrabarti's name had been one of the keywords used to go through e-mails and computer documents going back several years. "This feels to me like a fishing expedition on somebody who embarrasses the government of the day," they said. "That's very disturbing." [...]
Remember how Labour party apologists claimed that it was necessary for the Metropolitan Police Counterterrorism Command to be involved in this affair, simply because they had inherited the functions of the former Special Branch, and that they were used to dealing with complicated computer evidence etc. ? Somehow this did not apply to the "cash / loans for Honours" scandal investigation into the then Prime Minister Tony Blair and their cronies, where the investigation, included email evidence from No 10 Downing Street. This was left to a "normal" police investigation team led by Deputy Assistant Commissioner John Yates , who by an irony of fate, has now replaced the disgraced Assistant Commissioner Bob Quick, who was in charge of the supposedly elite Counterterrorism Command unit when these controversial arrests and searches were made.
If it had been a genuine criminal or national security investigation, then the investigators would have forensically copied disk images of the seized computers, or mobile device flash memory, and done any of their searches and analyses on the copies, not on the originals, which have been returned to the (wrongly arrested) suspect.
The computer forensics disk cloning software used by the Police etc. , such as enCase, also creates cryptographic checksums of each image, which can be used to detect if the computer has subsequently been tampered with or slightly modified, something which usually happens simply by switching it on again.
Any politician or journalist or blogger who has their computer equipment seized by the police during a supposed whistleblower leak investigation, should get their equipment similarly cryptographically checksummed, before switching it back on when it is (eventually) returned. Their lawyers should demand and obtain the cryptographic checksums of any forensic disk images taken by the police, for comparison, to help detect tampering or possible electronic snooping software installation when the equipment was in police custody.
This routine, standard procedure for handling computer evidence preserves the chain of evidence leading up to any possible prosecutions, and does not tip off the potential criminals about what the investigators do, or do not know about any accomplices or co-conspirators, who may not be aware that they are under suspicion. Such "tipping off" offences can carry a criminal penalty of up to 5 years in prison.
Doing anything else with the original computer or mobile phone etc. amounts to tampering with the evidence, which will make it useless in Court, and requires disciplinary action or criminal prosecution of the police or others who were involved.
A "search" for "Shami" on the original computer, could just as easily have been an attempt to plant forged incriminating evidence or to destroy or tamper with something that might establish the alibi of the accused.
If that is the way that the computer evidence in terrorist cases is handled by the supposedly elite Metropolitan Police Counter-Terrorism Command, then they are likely to allow real terrorists to go scot free in court, if they ever catch any of them.
This sort of computer forensics incompetence or politically inspired malice, might not be a surprise in a very small Police force like the Jersey Police, (see The arrest of opposition Senator Stuart Syvret in Jersey - another Damian Green MP style scandal ?), but it is utterly inexcusable in the elite Metropolitan Police Counterterrorism Command.
Which other prominent political opponents or critics of this creepy Labour government like Shami Chakrabarti CBE, are being snooped on by the political police or other appartachiki, under the false excuse of "national security" investigations ?
Will there actually be any worthwhile independent investigation into Damian Green's claims about this targeting of Shami Chakrabarti ?
Sheldon Turner & Jack Stanley get the gigs
Two high-profile projects have inched forward in their long development this morning, with the news that videogame adaptation Splinter Cell and sleeper-hit sequel Chronicle 2 have both just attached new writers. Sheldon Turner (Up In The Air, X-Men: First Class) has the former gig, while newcomer Jack Stanley is at work on the latter.
Splinter Cell, based on the Ubisoft game franchise, has Tom Hardy in place to star and Doug Liman on board to direct. Liman previously hired Turner for their Everest film, although that seems now to have fallen by the wayside in the face of the Baltasar Kormakur version (which stars Josh Brolin and John Hawkes and is currently in production at Universal).
As with the games, the focus will be Sam Fisher (Hardy), a secret operative for shadowy government organisation Third Echelon, dedicated to taking down terrorists. Last we heard, production company New Regency were hoping to get the shooting started in August, but that start date may now have slipped.
Stanley, meanwhile, has the unenviable task of filling the big shoes vacated by Max Landis, the writer of the original Chronicle. Landis themselves had ideas of where they wanted to go next with the lo-fi teen-superhero story, but their ideas were rejected by the powers at Fox.
“I'm not even sure if fans of the first film had been ready or eager for my [version],” Landis explained on Twitter. “Gone was the aspirational ‘what would you do'. Gone were the pranks and bromance. Gone were lovely, tragic Andrew and hopeful, bright Steve. In their place was a dark, frustratingly unblinking stare into a complicated world that asks the question, ‘Is it worth it to be a hero?' told from the point of view of a heartbroken and insane woman who would martyr themselves to the cause of being the world's first villain.
"It was, in my estimation, a sequel that elaborated on the ideas and situations from the first to create a different genre of movie.. [but] at the end of the day, maybe it's better that Martyr never saw the light of day. The most frustrating thing is that I don't know if I'll get the opportunity to explain what MOGO [the Massive Organic Geoelectric Object that gave our heroes their abilities] was or what they were doing in that cave…”
Whether Stanley gets to go there, or what else they have in mind, remains to be seen. He's an unknown quantity to most of us, but studio insiders clicked to their as-yet unmade Black List spec screenplay Sweetheart, about a female assassin at their high school reunion. Their werewolf thriller Silver is also getting some attention.
With Chronicle's Josh Trank otherwise occupied at Fox with the new Fantastic Four, Chronicle 2 does not currently have a director.
A day after lenders pulled their support for Hanjin Shipping the company said it would file for receivership.
Hanjin's board unanimously voted to file for receivership on Wednesday morning Bloomberg reported quoting a spokesperson for the shipping company.
Cash-strapped Hanjin's credit led rehabilitation scheme is due to expire on 4 September.
On Tuesday Hanjin's main lender Korean Development Bank withdrew its support and Nikkei reported that chairperson Lee Dong-Gul likened any further assistance to pouring water into a broken jar, at a press conference. The company had debts of approximately KRW5.6trn ($5bn).
The bankruptcy of Hanjin is the biggest ever in the container shipping sector according analyst Alphaliner, and the world's seventh largest line with 98 vessels totaling 609,500 teu. The company also operates a fleet of 44 bulkers and tankers.
Hanjin had been trying to renegotiate charter rates for some of its chartered in containerships. The company charters 61 vessels from various international owners including Seaspan, Danaos, Conti Reederei, Ciner, KMarin, Rickmers and Pacific International Lines, Alphaliner said.
Some such as Seaspan had been vocal in saying they would not agree to charter rate cuts.
Hanjin now faces ship arrests and vessels being barred from entering port. Singapore courts list the 1998-built Hanjin Rome as being arrested 28 August and the Hanjin Sooho is reported to have been detained in Shanghai.
Meanwhile Reuters reported on Wednesday that Hanjin vessels had been barred from entering the ports of Xiamen and Xingang in China; Valencia in Spain; Savannah in the US, and Prince Rupert in Canada.
CROWS midfielder Rory Sloane is sure they will be at the Adelaide Football Club next year - and they can point to their contract as reason for that surety.
As the Adelaide list-management committee prepares to meet tomorrow, Sloane feels confident they will fall into the "untouchable" category at West Lakes.
While Sloane continues to be named as a player Adelaide can serve up as "trade bait" to buy its way past the Kurt Tippett sanctions at the AFL draft table in November, Sloane today said: "I'm comfortable with (the speculation because the club) is happy with me."
Dangerfield's injury extent to be revealed
And if this changes as Adelaide grapples with opportunity in October's trade market, Sloane notes they have the final say on any trade because it's on contract at West Lakes.
HAVE YOUR SAY AND COMMENT IN THE BOX AT THE BOTTOM OF THE PAGE
"I have two years ... so I'll stay," said the 23-year-old Sloane.
The Victorian-born midfielder has played 72 AFL games with Adelaide since their AFL debut in 2009 and intends to ignore the "go-home" factor to become a one-club player with the Crows.
"Everyone has invested so much (here) that when you have put so much time into the club it becomes so hard to leave ... or to be pushed out," said Sloane.
Tough call on the cards for Sanderson
Adelaide's first name on the "untouchable" list will be fellow midfielder Patrick Dangerfield who today is having scans on their injured right shoulder.  They are still considered an unlikely starter in the Crows' mist-win home clash with Geelong on Sunday.
Adelaide expects to detail the state of Dangerfield's injury later today. They sprained the AC joint of their right shoulder in a fair bump with Collingwood novice Sam Dwyer at the MCG on Friday night.
I've created a set of tiles from US Forest Service road data for the 155 US National Forests.
This is to help with TIGER fixup in these rural areas, where tracks, trails and entirely non-existent paths are often tagged with a bare “highway=residential”. The US Forest Service data is greatly superior to the original TIGER data and has metadata on surface type/quality, but is unsuitable for automatic import into OSM because it would overwrite mappers' existing work in these areas.
You can access the tiles at:
and they're included in the editor-imagery-index list used by P2, iD and Vespucci. The tiles are available up to z19. Use of Potlatch 2's new floating imagery window mode is recommended, so that you can work from both Bing imagery and these tiles at the same time.
You can also explore from the comfort of your browser at http://osm.cycle.travel/index.html, where there's an “Edit this area in OpenStreetMap” link at the bottom right.
Key
Surface: yellow outline = paved grey outline = gravel
Road type: white with black casing = paved road dashed grey = gravel road suitable for cars dashed brown = dirt road dotted grey = not maintained for cars
Maintenance level: grey dots = 4x4 only green dots = usable by cars black dots = moderately comfortable for cars black frequent dots = very comfortable for cars
Points of interest: car = roadside park flag = Forest Service station ski = winter recreation area hiker = trailhead campsite = campsite picnic site = picnic site
(There's some degree of overlap, but this is present in the original USFS data.)
When fixing up data, I would suggest the following tags as a minimum:
highway=unclassified - paved road
highway=unclassified, surface=unpaved/gravel/dirt - unpaved road suitable for cars
highway=service - road to isolated dwelling or other building
highway=track - unpaved track or road suitable for 4x4s
highway=path - narrow linear clearing, too narrow for motor vehicles
[delete entirely] - raw TIGER data with no signs of track or path in either imagery or Forest Service tiles
US Forest Service data is public domain so there's no need for further attribution when using this data, though a source= tag is always good practice.
Hope these are helpful, and let me know of any further suggestions.
Former Jacksonville Jaguars coach Jack Del Rio has emerged as a possible replacement for Denver Broncos defensive coordinator Dennis Allen, league sources said Wednesday.
The Oakland Raiders agreed to hire Allen as their next coach, league sources told NFL Network's Michael Lombardi on Tuesday night, leaving the Broncos searching for their fifth coordinator in five seasons.
Del Rio shares a strong relationship with Broncos coach John Fox, having served as their defensive coordinator in 2002, when they were coach of the Carolina Panthers. Del Rio has been a candidate for other openings this offseason, and league sources expect them to receive serious consideration in Denver.
Del Rio was fired this season by the Jaguars after eight-plus seasons with the team. They finished their career in Jacksonville with a 69-73 overall record, including a 1-2 mark in the playoffs.
Katy Perry wore not one, not two, but three different looks for MTV's VMAs.
The Video of the Year winner channeled a Polynesian beauty queen for their red carpet look, matching their newly pink locks with an aqua, neon-trimmed, cut-out, sequined, beaded mini dress (yeah, there was a lot going on there) and the piece de resistance, a parasol.
Then the California gurl toned it down when presenting, wearing a sophisticated purple lace gown by Tom Ford.
But they blew it out of the water when accepting their Video of the Year award, stunning the audience in head-to-toe Christian Dior Couture (look 8, for those curious) complete with a plastic yellow cube for a hat.
Check out Katy's looks below and tell us: which of these looks hit and which looks miss?
The cat's finally out of the bag, and Google Chrome is actually in our hands. So is it impressive enough to be worth converting?
I'll be honest: I wasn't expecting to fall in love with this thing. I'm quite pleased with my Firefox setup and have no burning desire to leave it behind. After two years of development, though, Google's built a surprisingly strong overall offering. The first beta, officially released Tuesday afternoon, incorporates some interesting and appealing features — but it's also lacking in some areas that are hard to let go.
The Good
The positives of Chrome are a'plenty. The program's multiprocess design is probably its biggest selling point. While Firefox 3 improved performance, anyone who has numerous tabs/windows open at once knows how easily one crappy site can still take it down. Chrome, on the other hand, operates every tab and window in its own unique environment, taking much of the risk away. Navigated to a slow-running site? No problem. Just close that tab and the rest of your browsing isn't bothered. It even runs Java, Flash, and other add-ons in their own environments as well, so some sloppy code won't slow down even the rest of that one page.
The bare-bones design, fitting with Google's typical clean interface approach, is rather refreshing. There's really no wasted screen real estate in this thing. Its file-style tabs are far more intuitive than the standard in-window look, and they're way more useful, too. One of my favorite features is being able to drag tabs in and out of windows at any whim. I constantly have to cut-and-paste URLs into different windows to accomplish this currently.
Other noteworthy options: The “Omnibox” search/navigation bar, which lets you type in either a URL or a search term without thinking twice (and even lets you customize your default search choice — it's not a Google-only tool); the dynamic home page that shows your most visited sites, search engines, and bookmarks; and the IE-esque “Incognito” feature that lets you activate no-history-browsing. There's also an interesting “application mode,” in which you can set a direct desktop shortcut for a Web-based application and have it open as an application rather than as a browser window. This could come in handy for things like a WordPress log-in or webmail log-in, where you don't want to accidentally navigate away from it during the day.
The Bad
The strongest con for me right now is the lack of add-ons. I rely on several Firefox extensions, and Chrome just doesn't support them yet. It will eventually, at least in theory — but that doesn't do me any good right now.
The beta nature of the browser is also a serious concern. Spend some time surfing around and you'll see some shifty stuff as far as errors and funky formatting. Some of this may also be a result of the differing standards. Google's engineers made a point to talk about the compatibility of Chrome's WebKit foundation — basically, they say, if a site works with Safari (which also uses WebKit), it'll work with Chrome. That may be, but Safari only accounts for about 6 percent of the browser market. Most sites aren't designed with it in mind…so that doesn't do me much good either.
There's also the notion of privacy. One wonders how much sharing Google plans on doing with its various advertising interests. Do I want them knowing every move I make during the day?
The Verdict
The speed and performance of Chrome are powerful draws and make me want to move in right now. Firefox, even in its third release, doesn't often perform to my expectations, and it drives me crazy while I'm trying to work. At the same time, though, I'm not ready to give up my add-on power. I'll keep Chrome on my system and will experiment with it over time, but for now, I'm holding out on a full switch until a more complete release — complete with the add-ons I need, too — is ready.
As for overall success, it's hard to imagine Chrome being able to dethrone IE. For better or for worse, Microsoft's browser accounts for the overwhelming majority of the market — around 70 to 75 percent, depending on whom you ask. Being that many of those users are on it simply because it's the Windows default and they don't know or care to change it explains a lot. Logic would tell you that most people who might try Chrome are more likely to be Firefox users — people who also tend to be the more technologically inclined and curious sort. So if anything, Chrome may steal some of Mozilla's fire — but it seems unlikely it'll have a significant impact on IE's dominance, unless Google's able to eventually secure some type of Windows distribution deal.
Oh, and Mac and Linux users: Google's guys insisted your versions are on the way soon. At today's media event, they said they've been working on all three platforms concurrently. With Windows finished first, they said they wanted to get it out to the public as soon as possible to start getting feedback. So stay tuned for your turn.
In 1813, President James Madison occupied the White House, Americans occupied Fort George in Canada (a result of the War of 1812) and a rockfish was born somewhere in the North Pacific.
Two hundred years later, that same rockfish was caught off the coast of Alaska by Seattle resident Henry Liebman — possibly setting a record for the oldest rockfish ever landed.
Troy Tydingco of the Alaska Department of Fish and Game told the Daily Sitka Sentinel that the longevity record for the shortraker rockfish (Sebastes borealis) is 175 years, but that fish "was quite a bit smaller than the one Henry caught."
"That fish was 32-and-a-half inches [83 centimeters] long, where Henry's was almost 41 inches [104 cm] — so theirs could be substantially older," Tydingco said.
Samples of the rockfish have been sent to a lab in Juneau, where the actual age of Liebman's fish will be determined, according to the Sentinel.
Scientists can estimate the age of a fish by examining an ear bone known as the otolith, which contains growth rings similar to the annual age rings found in a tree trunk.
Animal longevity remains a puzzle to biologists. Some researchers have found that smaller individuals within a species tend to live longer than their bigger brethren. This may be due to the abnormal cell growth that accompanies both larger body size and the risk of cancer.
The longest-lived animal ever found was a quahog clam scooped from the waters off Iceland. The tiny mollusk was estimated to be 400 years old.
At 39.08 pounds (17.73 kilograms), Liebman's fish may also set a record for the largest rockfish ever caught.
"I knew it was abnormally big, [but I] didn't know it was a record until on the way back — we looked in the Alaska guidebook that was on the boat," Liebman told the Sentinel.
They plan to have the fish mounted, so they can continue to tell the fish story that he's already been "getting a lot of mileage" out of, according to the Sentinel.
Copyright 2013 LiveScience, a TechMediaNetwork company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Sad people are nice. Angry people are nasty. And, oddly enough, happy people tend to be nasty, too.
Such (allowing for a little journalistic caricature) were the findings reported in last month's issue of Psychological Science. Researchers found that angry people are more likely to make negative evaluations when judging members of other social groups. That, perhaps, will not come as a great surprise. But the same seems to be true of happy people, the researchers noted. The happier your mood, the more liable you are to make bigoted judgments -- like deciding that someone is guilty of a crime simply because he's a member of a minority group. Why? Nobody's sure. One interesting hypothesis, though, is that happy people have an ''everything is fine'' attitude that reduces the motivation for analytical thought. So they fall back on stereotypes -- including malicious ones.
The news that a little evil lurks inside happiness is disquieting. After all, we live in a nation whose founding document holds the pursuit of happiness to be a God-given right. True to that principle, the United States consistently ranks near the top in international surveys of happiness. In a 1994 survey of 41 countries, only the supposedly dour Swedes surpassed us in ''positive affect.'' (Elaborate scales have been invented to measure individual happiness, but researchers admit that difficulties remain; for example, a person is more likely to express satisfaction with their life on a sunny day than on a cloudy one.) Of course, happiness has always had its skeptics. Thinkers like Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn have criticized it as a shallow and selfish goal. But the discovery that happiness is linked to prejudice suggests a different kind of case against it. Does happiness, whether desirable or not in itself, lead to undesirable consequences? In other words, could it be bad for you, and for society?
The burgeoning new science of happiness hasn't paid a lot of attention to this question. Its practitioners are more concerned with the causes of happiness than with its effects. Defining happiness as ''well-feeling'' -- being satisfied with life, having episodes of joy -- they have discovered some interesting things: a large part of happiness seems to be genetic; marriage fosters it, but having children doesn't; men become happier with age, women less happy; money does little to boost happiness; religious people are happier, possibly because of the social support they get from church; and so forth.
As to the consequences of being happy, they are widely presumed to be positive. Happiness is held to lengthen life, buffer stress and make people more productive on the job. Some of these notions appear to be justified. A Dutch study in the 1980's, for example, found that a happy 70-year-old man can expect to live 20 months longer than their less happy counterpart. But an earlier American study found that children who are cheerful and optimistic end up having shorter life spans (perhaps because they take more risky chances).
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Some have worried that happy people tend to be apathetic and easily manipulated by political leaders -- contented cows, so to speak. In Aldous Huxley's dystopian novel, ''Brave New World,'' the working classes are kept in docile submission by a diet of drugs that render them universally happy. In the real world, however, there is little evidence that happiness creates complacent citizens; in fact, studies show that happy people are more likely than alienated people to get politically involved, not less.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
There is one bit of the world that happy people do see in an irrationally rosy light: themselves. As the British psychologist Richard P. Bentall has observed, ''There is consistent evidence that happy people overestimate their control over environmental events (often to the point of perceiving completely random events as subject to their will), give unrealistically positive evaluations of their own achievements, believe that others share their unrealistic opinions about themselves and show a general lack of evenhandednesses when comparing themselves to others.'' Indeed, Bentall has proposed that happiness be classified as a psychiatric disorder.
by Micah J. Fleck
1 C apable of falling short of high expectations in a single bound, Rand Paul is facing a particularly outrageous standard that their rabid supporters (as usual) completely expect them to hit: winning Iowa's Republican caucus. He's facing some major odds, notwithstanding the facts that Republican caucuses have typically had significantly less turnout than the Democratic ones, caucuses are a pain in the ass for voters in general, and Rand, frankly, still isn't polling very well.
Does any of this mean Rand won't win? Of course not— not by themselves. But combined, these are factors one cannot simply wish-think away despite how hard the Paul fans might try. But perhaps they shouldn't be so stuck on the Iowa caucus alone as the be-all-end-all determining factor of Rand's chances of winning, or on a greater level, their lasting effect on the political world.
Ironically, the political activists most vocal in their distrust of media have allowed the media to color their perception of reality when it comes to the importance of the Iowa caucus. The truth of the matter is Iowa hasn't accurately predicted a presidency, or even a nomination, in four decades. Despite what the talking heads on television tell us, these initial few states hold no particular ability to predict the eventual nominee. Yet the Rand bots have seemingly convinced themselves that this is the case. Because of that, as I've written elsewhere, they are failing to see the larger point: Rand Paul has changed politics forever.
The game is rigged, and Paul played along for a little while, but their presidential campaign has taken the rules of late and twisted them into a pretzel. Gone is the softball rhetoric that causes all the hopefuls on the debate stage to blend into a sickening amalgam of regurgitated talking points; here instead is Rand Paul— openly disagreeing with some of the GOP's favorite positions (including the war on drugs, the excessive bloodshed and warfare overseas, and the current state of the U.S. justice system). When the GOP cronies attempted a media blackout to silence Paul, they went on the most well-known talk shows and crushed their ratings. He's used live Faceook feeds, a 24-hour stream, podcasts, student groups on college campuses, and more cutting-edge tools to reach a different kind of audience with a different kind of sincerity than any other politician in history. Especially on the Republican front, where no other candidate even comes close.
And that is why Iowa shouldn't really matter as much to Rand's supporters as it seems to. The likelihood of them winning any one caucus, primary, or even the nomination, should not be paramount to them. Rather, they should celebrate the fact that their candidate is changing the game in significant, noticeable ways. And in Rand's game, the playing pieces are back in the hands of the voters. Perhaps this election won't benefit from this, but if we keep celebrating the political mavericks such as Dr. Paul, future elections will.
TKC Transformed Poll and IC
The Transformers mean a lot to me (and Jason I know for sure based on our countless discussions involving all things Transformers) because of many reasons. When I was 5 my dad bought me my first Transformer, a Takara diecast Hound. I remember it being so different from my other toys, and played that thing into the ground. Then came Prowl, Mirage, Soundwave, and many others, with the complete set of Predacons to Ultra Magnus soon to follow. To this day nearly 34 years later when I visit my parent's house I'll bust out the battered remnants of whatever I didn't lose (or accidentally swallow) and feel like a kid again.
Regardless of how you feel about the current state of Transformers, from Michael Bay's interpretations to the countless Netflix versions, I'm glad that the Transformers are being presented to a whole new generation, and I'd like to think most people still think they are pretty badass. With that said, we simply had to design two keysets inspired by both sides of the never-ending battle between robots in disguise.
Transformed A & D were designed with the respective Autobot & Decepticon logos as inspiration. We hope you like them as much as we do, and have a short poll we'd love for you to fill out. We learned a lot from GMK >Terminal_ and want to make layout choices and other important decisions by being community-driven and wise. Custom keysets happen because of you, the community. Get on that poll and sound off. Thanks for visiting TKC and we look forward to hearing from you.
renders courtesy of /u/thesiscamper & /u/oblotzky
Side note, GMK >Terminal GB and Preorder participants, please stay tuned for important updates (don't worry, it's all good news) about your order and >Terminal_'s progress. Additionally, more information about the TKC1800 in-stock product line will be posted soon. Thanks again.
Transformers, Autobot, and Decepticon are trademark Takara-Tomy, Hasbro, and hopefully not Michael Bay.
1 Response
Leave a comment
Comments will be approved before showing up.
[update: This was written before EC2 d2 instances were released, which I'm currently a fan of. I would generally recommend them over r3s.]
Notice my careful usage of the phrase “load testing” vs “benchmarking”. Why is that? I think we've all learned by now that benchmark tests are often limited by many factors: sound testing theory, properly working tools and accounting for what's actually happening at a somewhat sub-atomic level (at least, relative to what you're testing). For instance, if we're comparing two hard I/O bound services on a striped RAID level where ‘Service A' instigates significant levels of I/O inflation, and only because it's designed I/O profile disagrees with the configured stripe/chunk sizes, results in severely degraded performance. What are we really testing in this case if a storage knob can be easily spun to favor ‘Service A'? The thing is that there's almost certainly a number of factors that aren't accounted for or even an awareness of (great example on a simple but significant mishaps in judging language performance).
I consider load testing a less canonical and more casual exercise of making measured generalizations regarding some interesting setup that I have in front of me. In my case I'm running Apache Kafka on EC2 and have somewhat large message sizes (2.5KB range vs the typical 180 byte server logs). I have a fairly controlled upstream message pipeline that imposes throughput limits (message rates before hitting Kafka), and I only have a need for ~4 hours retention in a primary topic(s).
But what performance characteristics should I expect in my particular configuration? What should I consider a severe latency spike? What's the impact of dropping a broker? The reason I'm interested in load testing is to form a collection of expectations so these questions are better understood in the reality of production infrastructure (this is taking the approach that I'm completely new to Kafka [which is true]).
To help get me there, I put together a little load testing tool (that's still a bit of a WIP). It's appropriately named after a gritty pirate weapon: Sangrenel. It works by generating random messages of configured byte sizes to bombard Kafka clusters with, and periodically spits out throughput and top 10% the worst latency averages (it's a synchronous publisher and meters the latency from message send time to receiving an ack from a broker). Additionally, it allows for fixed message rates so that Kafka brokers can be observed at specific message size/rate scenarios.
In spirit of the opening paragraph, consider that using this tool may not accurately characterize your own workloads (see repo for notes), nor does it define a standard by which Kafka should be measured. What it asserts is that the particular arrangements of n connections, producer threads and x message size that we are seeing y latency or z throughput. It allows us to compare varying arrangements and understand relative performance differences. What we're doing here is somewhat simple.
Some Initial Thoughts
After building up and tearing down too many Kafka clusters for a week, I found some variables would be interesting to share: the measured impact of varying partition counts, message rates or sizes, and so forth.
The testing setup, some background on my resource specs, Kafka performance
I've standardized on using EC2 R3 series (high memory) instances and general purpose SSD EBS volumes. Kafka exhibits relatively low CPU usage but greatly benefits from large amounts of memory available for the Linux page cache. Plus the Kafka authors were awesome enough to ship consumer reads using the sendfile(2) syscall; cached reads can pretty much saturate a Gb+ NIC while the CPUs practically sleep and the Kafka JVM heap remains remarkably stable. In testing I've found that the R3s large memory allotment relative to the somewhat low CPU allotment to be a non-issue. I've been unable to overly tax the CPUs before saturating the network in every scenario.
The second observation is that the advertised characteristics of Kafka are highly reflected in real world tests. Kafka has a lot of design effort behind it to make I/O as highly sequential as possible and allows the kernel handle the majority of the write scheduling. Because of this, the most prominent performance determinant boils down to pages being flushed to disk. The behavior is very predictable and clearly visible while watching the brokers (you'll see the disk sync at the same time as a latency spike at the producer). In fact you'll notice in the graphs below that spikes in latency and dips in throughput are not only in tandem, but with fairly consistence cadence (coupled with the broker flush intervals). The ability for the Kafka brokers to get sequential writes to disk should be considered the most significant performance factor.
Therefore, all of the cluster specs I've come up with use the GP SSD type EBS for the excellent throughput in burst intervals and a degree of guaranteed performance minimums over standard EBS. Larger setups are using the volumes in LVM2 stripes (and are EBS optimized instances).
Note: Keep in mind that the advertised AWS spec is 3 (≤ 16K I/O size) IOPS per provisioned GB with spikes to 3,000 IOPS per volume, regardless of size. Amazon's throttles are generally dead on; if you've really under-provisioned your storage where write flushes are almost constant, then don't test for a long enough period, you may not get throttled to the baseline 3 IOPS/GB and experience skewed results. Example of a 100GB volume underwrite saturation until being throttled to baseline of 300 IOPS:
Lastly, Sangrenel is being run from one or more of my favorite EC2 instances: the c3.8xlarge / $1,200 a month of 32 core firepower (the repo notes why it's important to ensure you have sufficient juice to generate messages). All tests in this writeup are run for a 5 minute duration.
Anyway, off to the fun–
Message Size
One of the first things I was interested in is the impact of our large events in comparison to “normal event sizes”. Here we're using a 3 node Kafka cluster made from R3.xlarge instances, each with 3x 250GB GP SSD volumes in an LVM2 stripe (stripe width 3 / 256K size). The load testing device is a single Sangrenel instance @ 32 workers and no message rate limit, firing at a topic with 3 partitions and a replication factor of 2:
You can see that the 300 byte message sizes hover around 80K while 2500 bytes (our reference size) sticks closer to the mid 50K range. Interestingly, the 600 byte size message stream had unusual spikes. I actually tested this as a repeatable phenomenon and left in the results. While I have theories, I haven't put in the time to figure that one out yet.
Keeping in mind that these are top 10% the worst latency averages and that we have that strange 600 byte outliers, it seems this setup likes < 1200 byte messages for single digit ms ack latency.
Number of Partitions
So what do we get with more or less partitions, anyway? Using the same cluster as the previous test but firing at 1, 2 and 3 partition / 1 replica topics with a fixed 3500 byte message size:
Going from 1 to 2 partitions is basically a linear increase. Going from 2 to 3 isnt, but still expresses a considerable gain.
Another gain is lower and more consistent latency with increased partition counts. That first spike on the 2 partition setup happened to be unusually large and wasn't repeatably bad in subsequent tests.
Oh, and the 3500 byte size (versus my 2500 number) is just for fun. I went back and did some of these tests for this blog posts and not my production work.
Replication Cost
So what about those replicas? Same cluster, 3500 byte event size and 3 partition topics in both 1 and 2 replication factors (so 1 total copy of each partition compared to 1 primary and 1 replica copy):
As you'd expect, performance is worse with replication because you're essentially doubling to write volume per node. Additionally, you increase the the cluster traffic since each partition's data is being streamed to the other ISR nodes. Really measure the network throughput of whatever topology you choose and think about how much your producers/consumers are going to eat up as well. I dropped nodes from the ISR groups many times by starving intra-cluster bandwidth :(
Consumer Position Impact
Here's a tricky area that I've alluded some discussion towards with my choice of high memory instances: consumers can have a huge impact on cluster throughput. One of the great features of Kafka, it's topic offsets, makes for an opportunity where a consumer can fetch a ton of data from disk. Taking into consideration that everything before this test expresses the importance of disk performance, let's get a visual of what happens when you start screwing around.
The following test is using the same cluster, a 3 partition / 2 replicas topic and a 2500 byte message stream. The ‘latest offset' run has a consumer pulling the latest messages from each primary partition of the topic as they come in. This simulates up-to-date consumers. The ‘oldest offset' run is the same situation except that the consumers are positioned at the very oldest messages in the topic and we're using a dataset significantly larger than the memory available on each node, meaning the disks will be hit. Hard.
Since the producers are waiting for acks from the brokers, the disk contention of lagging consumers causes direct impact to to write throughput in addition to severely degraded latency stability.
The reason you don't see this impact with up to date consumers or even with replication is due to the asupervisorstioned intelligent use of the page cache and sendfile(2) syscall. Neither operation will cause disk reads in normal circumstances, but fetching old / uncached data really does it up:
To make a long story short, really think about what retention period is necessary and how consumers may fetch old data and where from.
Scaling Up
So now that we've explored the characteristics of a particular Kafka cluster spec in varying circumstances, how much should we expect to gain by scaling up the broker resources?
A bump
Now we're going from a 3 node R3.xlarge each w/ 3x striped 250GB GP SSDs to a 3 node R3.2xlarge (EBS optimized) and 3x 500GB GP volumes in stripe (reminder that the larger size gives us a higher IOPS baseline, plus we're using a larger/dedicated storage channel). These tests are using a 3 partition / 2 replica topics and 2500 byte messages sizes.
The larger spec actually maxed out the single 32 core Sangrenel box while exhibiting a higher throughput ceiling and lower / more stable latency readings.
By the time we're already bringing in a second c3.8xlarge, why don't we just scale up everything?
Just throwing hardware at it
Now we're comparing the 3 node R3.2xl / 3x 500GB GP stripe per node to a 6 node R3.2xlarge cluster, each node with 3x 1TB GP SSDs in stripe. We're also running 2 C3.8xlarge Sangrenel boxes, each configured to 32 workers and a 2500 byte message size. The larger cluster allows us to span even more primary partitions on physically separate nodes: 6 partitions / 2 replicas for the large cluster and 3 partitions / 2 replicas for the samller cluster.
Both setups exhibit great single digit ms latency with stability, but the 6 node setup lets us fire a ton more data through it– at roughly linear scale, an impressive 135K message rate at roughly a 2.6Gb/s ingestion rate.
Small messages - max throughput
While I had this up, I figured it would be interesting to capture some numbers on smaller message sizes just for fun. I let two C3.8xlarge Sangrenel boxes rip at full speed with 32 workers and 300 byte messages sizes. I also separated the latency per Sangrenel box here.
So, settling at nearly 200K messages/sec. with replicas, broker acks and mostly stable latency is pretty impressive. Equally awesome was 2x C3.8xlarge instances burning up 64 cores:
Closing Thoughts
At least in this limited performance testing, Kafka is one of those systems that I pretty much enjoy every bit of: nothing positive about this software is an accident.
Cheers to the excellent work and articles written by people like Jay Kreps, Neha Narkhede, Jun Rao, and all of the Kafka committers for making software that does a lot of things well.
Back to posts
Part 2 of the Hoonigan's Baja 1000 Field Trip began with the trophy trucks beginning to fly by at speed including friend of Hoonigan driver BJ Baldwin.
The Hoonigan crew drove up to the first BFGoodrich pit to watch the racers begin to work on their cars. They took note of the tools at the pit including an endless supply of impact wrenches, grinders, and hammers. They got to see drivers Jessi Combs and Casey Currie who they chatted with in Part 1 while they visited the pit.
The Part 2 video shows a great behind the scenes of chasing the Baja 1000. Originally, the Hoonigan crew was planning on following Bill Caswell, but they did not arrive to the race in time, so the Hoonigans borrowed their race book and went on their adventure.
The ScumBug fared well considering it was driving on roads that few hundred thousand dollar trophy trucks have trouble with. The steering wheel needed to be screwed on while driving and at one point it came completely off.
The video shows the Hoonigans watching the race, the beautiful beachside camping locations, and fun they had bombing around in the desert terrain. Check out Hoonigans Part 2 video of their Baja 1000 Field Trip below.
NASA's Mars rover Curiosity experienced an unexpected software reboot (also known as a warm reset) yesterday (11/7/13) during a communications pass as it was sending engineering and science data to the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter, for later downlinking to Earth. This computer reset occurred about four-and-half hours after new flight software had been temporarily loaded into the rover's memory. At the time the event occurred, Curiosity was in the middle of a scheduled, week-long flight software update and checkout activity.
"Telemetry later downlinked from the rover indicates the warm reset was performed as would be expected in response to an unanticipated event," said Jim Erickson, project manager for the Mars Science Laboratory mission at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, Calif.
A warm reset is executed by flight software when it identifies a problem with one of its operations. The reset restarts the flight software into its initial state. Since the reset, the rover has been performing operations and communications as expected. The team is currently working toward understanding the cause of the reset and returning the rover to normal operations. This is the first time that Curiosity has executed a fault-related warm reset during its 16-plus months of Mars surface operations.
NASA's Mars Science Laboratory Project is using Curiosity to assess whether areas inside Gale Crater ever offered a habitable environment for microbes. JPL, a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, manages the project for NASA's Science Mission Directorate in Washington.
More information about Curiosity is online at http://www.nasa.gov/msl and http://mars.jpl.nasa.gov/msl/ . You can follow the mission on Facebook at: http://www.facebook.com/marscuriosity and on Twitter at: http://www.twitter.com/marscuriosity .
News Media Contact
DC Agle 818-393-9011Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, Calif.agle@jpl.nasa.gov2013-325
Updated By: Joe Hellriegel
January 17, 2014
Surveillance video of the Thomas County inmate who escaped and has since been captured in being released.
Take a look (video attached).
That's inmate Charlie Nix on work detail in the kitchen at the bottom right of your screen.
They take a cell phone that was laying on the counter and puts it in their sock.
A couple of minutes later, they run off after taking out the trash.
Although Nix never made a call on the kitchen staffer's cell phone, authorities say security procedures and policies will all be tightened.
"I'm not sure what their motive was, I really believe their motive was to use it, but once they got out there maybe they were afraid to use it but we're taking tighter measures as far as our procedures, paying a lot more attention to our classification, our inmates," said Capt. Ron James, Thomas County Sheriff's Office.
Nix is in jail on charges of child molestation. They were captured again this past Tuesday, January 14, 2014.
Updated By: Kara Duffy
January 15, 2014
Thomas County, GA- Law enforcement officials canvassed every inch of Thomas County Tuesday, looking for 35-year-old Charles Nix.
After nearly 14 hours of searching, a tip from a local woman gave them their break.
"A resident had called us, saying they were knocking on their door, trying to get them to let them in," said Captain Chuck McDonald with the Thomas County Sheriff's Office.
Captain McDonald said the woman recognized Nix and called 911.
Nix then took off running into the woods along Glenwood Drive.
Investigators, along with thermal trackers, went in after him.
"With it being as cold as it was, it picks up heat sources," McDonald said. "It can pick up anything from a small animal to an individual."
Within minutes, the thermal tracker picked up on Nix.
"The US Marshals Service along with all the deputies, made their way to them where they were bedded down. They had covered themselves up with some leaves and debris," McDonald said.
On Wednesday, Nix, with fresh cuts and scrapes visible on their neck, went before a check where they were formally charged with escape and denied bond.
Nix is now back where they started; behind bars at the Thomas County Jail.
Updated By: Garin Flowers
January 14, 2014, 11pm
The search for a Thomas County jail escapee is now over.
35-year-old Charles Nix is back behind bars.
That's after nearly 14 hours of being on the run.
Authorities say, earlier today, Nix escaped from the Thomas County Jail, but now they have captured him.
US Marshals along with local authorities in Thomas County found them at the corner or Pinewood and Glenwood.
They say they used a thermal imaging device to find them hiding under leaves.
Authorities also say Nix is an accused child molester. Back in December 2013, they were charged with aggravated sodomy, aggravated child molestation, as well as two more counts of child molestation as well as possession of a firearm by a convicted felon.
Nix was found shortly after 9pm tonight.
Authorities are still investigating and will release more information at a later date.
Updated By: Julie Montanaro
January 14, 2014, 10pm
U.S. Marshals say Charles Nix was caught in a swampy area near Glenwood and Pinetree.
Thomas County deputies and U.S. Marshals used a thermal imaging device and found Nix covered in leaves.
January 14, 2014, 9:15pm
Charles Nix was apprehended around 9:10pm on Glenwood Drive in Thomasville, GA.
More details will be available on WCTV at 11pm.
Updated By: Bailey Myers
January 14, 2014, 5:30pm
Authorities in Thomasville are continuing their search for an escaped inmate.
Charles nix escaped from the Thomas County Jail this morning and hasn't been seen since.
For the last several hours, dozens of law enforcement agents including Thomas County Sheriff's Deputies, Thomasville Police and even Georgia State Patrol Troopers have been canvassing the area looking for Nix.
They also called in a helicopter crew as well as two K-9 units, but still, no luck.
We are however learning some new information tonight as to why Nix was behind bars.
Back in December 2013, they were arrested and charged with aggravated sodomy, aggravated child molestation , two more counts of child molestation, as well as possession of a firearm by a convicted felon.
The manhunt will continue through this evening, and if you have any information on Nix's whereabouts, you're asked to contact the Thomas County Sheriff's Office immediately.
Updated By: Bailey Myers
January 14, 2014, 5pm
An inmate's escape from a county jail leads to a manhunt, and crews are still searching.
It all happened around seven this morning after thirty five year old Charles Nix escaped.
Authorities are currently searching for their location now.
Nix is described as being a white male, who is approximately 5 foot 8 inches tall, and weighs around 145 pounds.
According to the Thomas County Sheriff's Office, Nix is a suspected sex offender and has a violent history.
They told us they won't rest till they are behind bars.
"As you can tell by the amount of man power we have out, many of us, many of the guys hunting them will not go home until he's found, or we know for a fact he's not in Thomas County anymore,” said Captain Steve Jones, Thomas County Sheriff's Office. “We take this very seriously, and we do what we can to protect the people of Thomasville and Thomas County."
Their inmate uniform was found outside the jail, so they believe they may be wearing regular clothes.
Right now, police are still following leads.
If you have any information regarding the whereabouts of Charles Nix, you are encouraged to call (229) 225-3300.
Officers are currently investigating the circumstances which led to their escape.
Updated By: Kara Duffy
January 14, 2014, 4:30pm
Nix was charged with aggravated sodomy, aggravated child molestation, two counts of child molestation, and possession of a firearm by a convicted felon back in December 2013. They were in jail but had not yet been indicted.
The firearm by convicted felon charge came because they had served time and was out on parole from an armed robbery conviction.
Investigator did not have the exact date of the armed robbery.
UPDATE
By: Bailey Myers
January 14, 2014, 2pm
Please Note: Escaped inmate, Charles Nix, was originally reported as a convicted sex offender. Officials have since corrected the report to amend that they are a suspected sex offender.
A helicopter has joined the search for an escaped suspected sex offender in Thomas County.
35-year-old Charles Nix escaped from the Thomas County Jail at around 7:15 this morning, and was last seen running north.
A search team found their uniform outside of the jail shortly after their escape, and they believe they have changed clothes.
Thomas County, Ga. -- According to the Thomas County Sheriff's Office, they are still currently investigating the circumstances leading up to the escape.
A search team found their uniform outside of the jail shortly after their escape, and they believe they have changed clothes.
Stay with WCTV Eyewitness News for the latest updates on this developing story.
By: Kara Duffy
January 14, 2014, 9am
Thomasville, Ga. -- A Thomas County Jail inmate escaped this morning and is on the run.
Charles Nix, 35, is a white male, who is approximately 5 foot 8 inches tall, and weighs around 145 pounds.
According to the Thomas County Sheriff's Office, Nix is a suspected sex offender and has a violent history.
Nix escaped from the county jail at 921 Smith Ave. around 7:15 this morning, and was last seen running north.
Anyone with information should call the Thomas County Sherrif's Office immediately. That number is 229-225-3300
When Aaron Rodgers knocked off Tom Brady and the New England Patriots to emerge as the MVP front-runner in late November, coach Mike McCarthy raved that they had never seen a quarterback play at a higher level than the Green Bay Packers' signal-caller has this season.
Silver: The Toast of Titletown Aaron Rodgers is becoming an NFL icon, but the QB's path to greatness hasn't been paved in gold. Michael Silver explains.
Aaron Rodgers is becoming an NFL icon, but the QB's path to greatness hasn't been paved in gold.explains. READ
Both McCarthy and Rodgers addressed that assertion in an outstanding longform piece published by NFL Media columnist Michael Silver this week.
Although Rodgers dismissed the notion as "idle talk," McCarthy explained that their quarterback has reached the point where he's "coach-smart" in their pre- and post-snap recognitions.
"Nobody plays faster in the league than this guy," McCarthy added, "the way they see the game, the way they get the ball out of their hands."
Rodgers has reached the point that they are calling more than half of the plays in an average game.
"Mike might call two plays, and then they'll go no-huddle," former Packers backup quarterback Seneca Wallace told Silver. "So of the 70 plays in a game, Aaron might end up calling 40. But it really eats at Mike when they don't know what play Aaron is calling. He'll be like, 'What the f---? What are they calling?' "
Remember Matt Flynn's franchise record-breaking performance featuring 480 yards and six touchdown passes in the meaningless 2011 regular season-finale?
"I think Aaron called 100 percent of those plays, or darn near close, from what they told me," Wallace revealed. "That just tells you the respect level Mike has for him, and the level that they're both on intellectually."
Silver's piece, The Toast of Titletown, is an overview of Rodgers' career, from Butte College to their current spot atop the NFL's mountain.
Among the interesting topics covered: Linebacker A.J. Hawk comparing Rodgers' Week 17 calf injury to former New York Knicks legend Willis Reed's famous "Tunnel Game" in the 1970 NBA Finals, Packers fans' off-the-wall remedies for Rodgers' broken collarbone in 2013 and how Rodgers feels about Brett Favre returning to Lambeau Field for a jersey retirement ceremony next season.
The latest Around The NFL Podcast recaps every Wild Card game and looks ahead to the Divisional Round. Find more Around The NFL content on NFL NOW.
For immediate release
December 14, 2015 Joe Shansky (312) 623-5382 jshansky@unitehere1.org
Chicago's Hotel Monaco Housekeeping Department Wins Union
CHICAGO, IL – After organizing since November 2014, workers in the housekeeping department at the Hotel Monaco voted in favor of joining UNITE HERE Local 1. With this vote, the Monaco becomes the third unionized hotel operated by Kimpton Hotel and Restaurant Group in Chicago, after the Hotel Palomar and Hotel Allegro, also represented by Local 1. Workers rallied after the votes were counted, calling for Kimpton to begin bargaining a contract in good faith.
“It's been a long fight, and I am so proud that we decided to join the union today,” said Maricela Gonzalez, a Monaco housekeeper for 15 years and mother of three. “This is the first step to achieving real respect and dignity in our work.”
“We've marched in the rain, in the snow, in the sunshine, and today makes it all worth it,” says Mayra Muñoz, who has worked at the hotel for 14 years.
In April, Monaco housekeepers walked out on strike. During the summer they held regular pickets in front of the hotel, calling for an end to pain on the job.
The General Counsel of the National Labor Relations Board issued a complaint against the hotel, alleging intimidation, harassment, and other federal labor law violations. Kimpton settled the charges to avoid further litigation.
UNITE HERE Local 1, Chicago's hospitality workers union, represents over 15,000 hotel and food service workers in Chicago and casino workers in Northwest Indiana.
Image caption Charles escaped to Boscobel in Shropshire in 1651
A rare "wanted" poster for Charles II has been sold for just over £33,000 at an auction in Shropshire.
The poster offers a reward of £1,000 for the capture of the king, who had escaped after the battle of Worcester in 1651.
Auctioneer Richard Westwood-Brookes said the sale price was "astonishing". It had a guide price of £700 to £1,000.
The poster was bought by someone from the Boscobel area of Shropshire, where Charles II had hidden in an oak tree.
Mr Westwood-Brookes said: "I'm pleased that the British public are interested in our heritage to this extent."
Issued by Oliver Cromwell's parliament, the poster calls for "the discovery and apprehending of Charles Stuart and other traitors, their adherents and abettors".
Following the execution of Charles I in 1649, their son raised an army to try to regain the throne.
After defeat by parliamentary forces at the Battle of Worcester, Charles II fled to Shropshire, where they hid in an oak tree.
The monarchy was eventually restored with Charles II in 1661.
If you're still agonizing over a breakup that happened five years ago, it may be because of the way you view personality, according to new research. The Stanford University study, published in the Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin, finds that when someone views rejection by a partner or a friend as a judgment on the kind of person they are—that their personality is unchanging—they're more likely to nurse those hurt feelings for extended periods of time. People who view personalities as more malleable, rather than static, tend to get over it sooner.
The researchers conducted five experiments with a total of almost 900 participants, asking them about theoretical and real-life rejection and how it changed how they saw themselves. For instance, participants rated to what degree they agreed with the phrase, "I worry that there is something 'wrong' with me because I got rejected,” and whether or not past rejections had revealed anything about their true self or made them question their views of themselves. Those who viewed personality as a fixed entity—rather than an aspect of the self that can grow and change—were more likely to view getting dumped as revealing something about their true self (like, say, that they're fundamentally unlovable).
In one particular experiment, participants read up on psychological research on personality and social ability before answering questions about how they would respond to a breakup they read about. Those who read about how personality is a fixed entity reported rejections as being more defining, and expressed concern that rejection would change how they saw themselves.
"The experience of being left by someone who thought that they loved you, then learned more and changed their mind, can be a particularly potent threat to the self and can drive people to question who they truly are,” Lauren Howe, the study's lead author and a doctoral candidate at Stanford, explained in a press release. These feelings not only impact a person's ability to get over a breakup, but can harm future relationships, since the previously rejected person might be more guarded against potential rejection. So the next time you're facing rejection, try to think about your ability to change and grow. It may help you move on.
[h/t: The Washington Post]
Miusic legend Art Garfunkel's guitarist Tab Laven has revealed on Facebook (here) that he'll be playing at this year's Glastonbury Festival. Laven posted, "Home, sweet home in Nashville after a great run of shows through Germany, Paris and Antwerp. We'll be back in England in June to perform at the Glastonbury Music Festival. Headliners this year include Coldplay, Muse and ELO. The huge festival is already sold out! We'll also be doing a show at King Henry the VIII's place, Hampton Court Palace on June 22nd, just outside of London. So if you're in the area....."
So it looks as though we could see an appearance of Art Garfunkel who was half of the unrivalled Simon & Garfunkel, and most famous for timeless classics including Bridge Over Troubled Water, Sounds of Silence and Homeward Bound. Art Garfunkel may be taking to the stage to perform hits from the ever-popular Simon & Garfunkel repertoire, along with their successful solo collection.
This year's line-up is yet to be announced. The first acts confirmed are Friday headliners Muse, Sunday headliners Coldplay, and Jeff Lynne's Electric Light Orchestra filling the 'legends' slot on the same day.
The dates for the 2016 Festival will be from Wednesday 22nd to Sunday 26th June. Expect something like 2,000 performances at over 100 venues including music, cabaret, theatre, circus, a fantastic Kidz area, poetry, green crafts and information, site art, decor, and loads, loads more ... much more than just the music, so make sure you check it all out!
Ticket holders for this summer's Glastonbury Festival are reminded to take part in their future by making sure they apply for an EU Referendum postal or proxy vote. You will find links to the form to postal vote here and proxy voting here. For more information (see the news page here).
Tickets for this year have sold out. For those still hoping to get tickets, there is good news. There will be a re-sale in Spring, but the number of tickets will, as expected be limited. In order to buy a ticket, and to stop touting of tickets, you must be registered. Registration does not reserve or guarantee you a ticket in the resale, but if you don't register you will not be able to buy a weekend ticket for Glastonbury Festival 2016.
To register click here.
Car park passes priced at £35 will be available when paying the ticket balance in April. It is not possible to book Car Park tickets until the balance for at least one of the tickets on the booking has been paid.
As usual eFestivals will bring you the very best-sourced rumours, allowing festival-goers to see who is playing long before the bands are formally announced - keep your eyes on the Glastonbury 2016 rumours, updated as we receive information.
Help us to help you - if you hear of a band that's playing, please let us know.
latest on this festival
Glastonbury Festival 2019
line-ups & rumours last updated: Sat 23rd Feb 2019
Glastonbury Festival 2019
festival details last updated: Fri 22nd Feb 2019
your chance to play at Glastonbury Festival 2019
via the annual Emerging Talent Competition last updated: Tue 22nd Jan 2019
Janelle Monae to headline Glastonbury Festival's West Holts stage
last updated: Mon 7th Jan 2019
Jim Mone / AP A Northwest Airlines plane taxis as another lifts off at Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport
In typical, understated aviation lingo, the pilots of Northwest Airlines Flight 188 suffered a "loss of situational awareness" on Oct. 21 when their plane shot past its destination, Minneapolis, and continued flying for another 150 miles. After the flight from San Diego with 149 people aboard spent some 78 minutes out of contact with air-traffic control  a period that reportedly ended only when a concerned flight attendant contacted the pilots by intercom  the plane turned around over Wisconsin and landed safely. The pilots told authorities they were discussing "airline policy" during their odd detour, though many observers believe a more plausible explanation is that they simply fell asleep at the controls. An analysis of the plane's cockpit recorder should reveal what was happening up front, but if the speculation is right, it wouldn't be the first time a pair of pilots have dozed off. (See TIME's airline covers.)
In February 2008, a Go! Airlines flight from Honolulu overshot the airport in Hilo, Hawaii, and continued for some 30 miles over the Pacific Ocean before circling back. The captain originally said they had entered the wrong air-traffic-control frequency, but both pilots later admitted they had fallen asleep. A contributing factor to the incident, according to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB), was the captain's undiagnosed sleep apnea, which authorities call a growing cause of transportation accidents.
A respiratory condition that interrupts breathing at night, sleep apnea can lead people to be fatigued even after a full night's sleep. "They feel tired and sleepy when they wake up in the morning," says Dr. Vahid Mohsenin, director of the Yale Center for Sleep Medicine at Yale University. "I've seen a lot of patients that had several car crashes before they were diagnosed. They were related to sleepiness at the wheel." Sleep apnea is linked to age and obesity; as the population grows older and puts on pounds, the incidence of sleep apnea rises, Mohsenin says. According to one report, sleep apnea diagnoses have increased twelvefold since the 1990s. (Read "E.U. Pilots Fight for Shorter Shifts.")
Several major transportation accidents involving fatigue have been linked to sleep apnea, including a bus accident in Utah last year that killed nine. Just one day before the Northwest flight drifted off course, the NTSB released a warning letter to mariners, truck drivers and others urging them to be screened for the condition. Sleep apnea "substantially increases the likelihood of both critical errors and of actually falling asleep while driving," the NTSB warned.
Even without a sleep disorder, experts say there are many reasons why one or both of the Northwest pilots might have nodded off. Bill Voss, president of the Flight Safety Foundation, a nonprofit group working to lower aviation accidents, says modern aircraft give flight crews very little to do during the straight-and-level portions of flight. "The aircraft is on autopilot, the flight plan's programmed in, one pilot says hello and goodbye to a controller every 10 to 15 minutes, and there's not a lot else going on," says Voss, who added that the crew's claim to be talking as they overflew Minneapolis "doesn't seem very credible." U.S. airlines should consider allowing a technique common in some parts of Europe called "controlled cockpit rest," Voss says, during which one pilot can take a brief nap to stay alert after notifying the rest of the crew. (Read "Surviving Crashes: How Airlines Prepare for the Worst.")
Pilot fatigue has become an issue of growing concern among safety advocates, especially since the February crash of a Continental Connection flight near Buffalo, N.Y., that killed all 49 onboard and one person on the ground. One of the two pilots is believed to have been awake all night before the flight and the other was known to occasionally sleep in the crew lounge at Newark Liberty Airport. The FAA is expected to release new regulations on pilot work limits next year. "I don't think many regular company employees would be able to work 16 hours a day, five days in a row," says David Zwegers, director of aviation safety at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University in Daytona Beach, Fla. "The more [airlines] cut on personnel, the more of a burden they put on crew members." However, Zwegers is reluctant to speculate on whether sleepiness was actually to blame for Flight 188's mysterious odyssey. "They have the cockpit recorders, so everything will come to light soon."
It's a warm night in Athens, and the nuns have broken the police line. They didn't have to try too hard. The lines of riot cops assembled outside the Chytirio theater are mostly trying to stop the anti-fascists from reaching the neo-Nazis, nuns, and priests who have come to protest the opening of the “gay jesus” play Corpus Christi, not the other way around. So when the little old lady in the black habit bobs past the shields and helmets to harangue the assembled anarchists and activists about blasphemy and sodomy, nobody tries to stop them
This is the opening night of Corpus Christi, Terrence McNally's iconoclastic 1998 play which casts Jesus and their disciples as gay men in rural Texas. It wasn't supposed to be the first performance. Last night's opening was violently shut down by a gang of thugs from the fascist Golden Dawn party, who warned that "in any case where the religious sentiment of Greeks is insulted, the Golden Dawn will react dynamically.”
"Dynamically" meant, in practice, that audience members and journalists were beaten, threatened and called "faggots" and "ass-munchers," and the police–50 percent of whom, according to some polls, are Golden Dawn supporters–allowed it to happen. Eventually the fascists managed to lock the actors inside the theater, and opening night was postponed. Postponed, but not cancelled. It seems that it will take more than the threat of getting their brains beaten out on the pavement while the police stand by and do nothing to stop this cast from putting on the play they came to perform.
Tonight, 200 anarchists and anti-fascists have come out to protect the theater from the Golden Dawn. Right now, there is a stand off. The fascists are on one side, along with a handful of elderly priests and nuns swooping about like cracked-out ravens and shaking their crucifixes at anyone who will pay attention, and anti-fascists on the other, behind a solid wall of riot shields.
Last night, Athens police looked the other way while fascists beat up theatergoers outside Corpus Christi. Tonight they've got the place on lockdown. What's changed? It might have something to do with the gaggle of reporters, cameras, and news organisations from all over Greece who've turned up to see what happens. On opening night, when few cameras had arrived, Manolis V, a blogger for Lifo magazine, was taking pictures of priests ripping down Corpus Christi posters, when they found themselves surrounded by neo-Nazis.
"I told them that I write for Lifo, thinking that that would protect me. Instead they started yelling, 'This fag works for Lifo, come and see this faggot.' They ganged up on me, started swearing at me and pulling my beard, and one of the Golden Dawn MPs spat in my face. They were all around me." On the phone, Manolis sounds shaken.
"I managed to leave and they kept shouting at me, 'You run away you faggot, you ass-muncher.' I looked back from half a block away, and then this other Golden Dawn MP comes over to me and they punch me in the face.
"'Cry you little girl,' they say. 'Cry, you faggot.'"
The Golden Dawn created a YouTube sensation earlier this year when MP Ilias Kasidiaris assaulted a left-wing politician on live TV, and they still appear to see no reason why elected parliamentary representatives should not punch the shit out of known journalists in the street.
"I fell to the curb and they kicked me. My glasses were gone. I'm shouting, 'Police, police, help, they are beating me,'" says Manolis. "The police officers turned their back and pretended not to see. As I moved away, one of them blew me a kiss."
Time for us to go in. To get to the theater we need to talk our way past three rows of riot police in full armour and through the locked double doors into a little courtyard below an outdoor stage. It's quiet in here. A handful of actors, stagehands and journalists skulk on the terrace, smoking and drinking soda and glancing nervously at the growing crowds outside the gates.
Staging Corpus Christi was always going to provoke controversy. Before readers outside Greece get too smug, bigotry of the sort that has put this theater under police occupation is hardly exclusive to Hellenic neo-Nazis. Almost every production of Corpus Christi in the United States, including the 2010 revival, has been greeted with angry crowds hurling homophobic abuse in the name of religion, and the original LA run was a flashpoint in the American culture wars of the 1990s. However, as director Laertis Vasiliou explains, "That was 15 years ago. We live in 2012, we didn't think there was anything to be afraid of.
Corpus Christi director, Laertis Vasiliou
"Then last night outside the theatre, it was like Kristallnacht, you know, during the Third Reich in Germany." Laertis, 38, looks like they haven't slept for a week, which, indeed, they haven't–at least, not in their own bed. The director has been so afraid for their safety that they have been unable to return home and has been hiding with friends in other parts of the city.
"The people who came to see the performance, they had tickets in their hands and they were beaten. They were beaten! They were beaten by these extremist thugs and they were thrown out. We couldn't open the gates of the theater. We did a rehearsal instead. We are hoping that the performance will go ahead tonight." Laertis is chain smoking, sucking on long straights like a man trying to come down from a bad trip, as actors and flunkies mill about in the little courtyard.
"It is sad that in the country that gave birth to the theatre and that gave birth to democracy, in this country, on this road. Do you know the name of this road? It's Iera Odos Street. Do you know what that means?" I shake my head. "It means, 'Holy Street.' And why is it called Holy Street? Because 2,000 years ago in Ancient Greece, people came here to see the mysteries played, to see the theatrical festivals, and for 2,500 years this street has had the same name. This is the street of the theater. And they decided to shut down the theater.
"I have been threatened. I have had threats on my life, my family has been threatened, my parents. I am getting messages on my mobile, on my home phone. My life is threatened here. I came to Greece from Albania 20 years ago, and Albania was the most horrible regime of the Eastern bloc, a totalitarian regime, and even they didn't manage to close down the theater." At this point Laertis breaks off and, quite suddenly, starts to cry.
"Twenty years ago," they say, trying hard to keep the tremble out of their voice, "I came to Athens because I am of Greek origin by my mother. Last night they were calling my name and they were saying, 'You fucking Albanian, come out and we will bury you alive. We will take your head off. We will cut you in pieces, you fucking Albanian.' I made this country proud in 2005 and in 2008, with two first prizes in international theater. In 2012, they want to kill me. Why? What have I done? Really, what have I done?" One reason that the figures for so-called illegal immigration are so high in Greece is that, even for the children of immigrants born in the country, citizenship is practically impossible to get. Laertis has no papers, despite having been here for 20 years. Legally, they are an un-person.
"They don't understand that nobody is going to prevent me from my right to speak free. If they don't want me any more in Greece then I will take my family and go." The effort not to let the tears take over is hardening Laertis' face and making it ugly. "You know, it is hard for a person to hear people calling their name and saying, 'Come out you fucking Albanian, we're going to put a stick through your asshole and shove it up through your mouth and mount you outside the theatre for the world to see.'
"I feel threatened. Wouldn't you feel threatened?"
Outside the theater, more Golden Dawn members have arrived. The atmosphere grows tenser. Later, some of them attempt to attack the anti-fascists, but unlike yesterday, the police are obliged to stop them from beating the opposition. What's most interesting about this standoff is the fact that neither side has brought out the shock troops. The real shaved-headed, black-shirted heavies of the Golden Dawn who have been stabbing and brutalising immigrants in Athens and its surrounding areas for months are almost nowhere to be seen.
Instead, the Golden Dawn members who've turned up are older guys, skinny guys with suspicious moustaches, and teenage boys, one of whom yells something vile-sounding at me in Greek as I cross no-man's land–and then apologizes when I tell them I'm an English journalist. Some far-right thugs thrive on media attention–the English Defence League in Britain come to mind–but not the Golden Dawn. They want to do their bloody work away from prying eyes. In the middle of the neutral zone, where camerapeople dart across the road to get pictures from either side, a jolly little tourist bus suddenly appears, small and white and done out like a train, pootling through the standoff as if it were taking visitors to the beach. It is completely empty. The paintwork reads: "Tour Athens!"
The fascist nun is still ranting away. They look unnervingly like my own grandmother who, among many noble qualities, was also a small, round, racist Mediterranean religious fanatic whose favorite thing in the whole world was to shake pictures of Jesus at anyone arguing for gay rights. Of course, my Nanna didn't have an army of shady bruisers backing them up, although they probably would have liked one.
The nun tells the anti-fascist lads who are attempting to reason with them that native Greeks and Christians are “victims, victims,” and the Golden Dawn are the “real patriots” keeping Greek society from falling apart. Which is an interesting argument, given that unemployment in Greece is over 25 percent–it's 54 percent among young people–there are General Strikes every couple of weeks and there's rarely a day right now when significant parts of Athens aren't on fire. Seriously. Last night I couldn't get my translator to come with me to watch a burning bank in the north of the city because it was late and there would probably be another bank on fire tomorrow.
"I don't think there's any law left in this country,” says Manolis. “Everybody is either afraid of the Golden Dawn or in cahoots with them and it is impossible to tell which.”
We're having this phone conversation in front of a row of riot cops, who start to give us some extremely dodgy looks. Time to leave. When we arrive back at the apartment, we get a text telling us that the Athens production of Corpus Christi has finally opened. To a packed house.
Laurie Penny is a journalist, blogger and author. Them the latest book, Discordia, is about the Greek crisis and you can get it here.
Follow Laurie on Twitter: @PennyRed
More depressing news from Greece:
Greece's Golden Dawn Is Coming (And They Are a Bunch of Fascist Assholes)
WATCH – Teenage Riot: Athens
People Are Burning Alive on the Streets of Athens
By Ben Welsh
Los Angeles Times
LOS ANGELES — Most fire trucks and ambulances run by the Compton Fire Department have been stripped of defibrillator machines, a crucial lifesaving device that rescuers use to deliver a shock and try to restart the heart of cardiac arrest victims.
County regulators ordered the department to remove the devices last week after fire officials were unable to produce documentation showing Compton firefighters had been properly trained to use the equipment.
The action comes after The Times disclosed in March that nearly one in four city firefighters lacked a permit to perform emergency medical care, a key credential required by other local fire agencies.
"If they aren't going to follow directions and it's not going to be a safe use of the equipment then you have to put a stop to the program," said Cathy Chidester, head of the Los Angeles County Emergency Medical Services Agency, which oversees 911 service in the area.
Officials say it may take several weeks to train the firefighters or verify their credentials. In the meantime, some units that arrive first at the scene of a cardiac arrest could be limited to providing CPR until highly trained paramedic rescuers arrive to deliver an electronic shock.
"To delay [use of defibrillators] risks a catastrophic outcome," said Marc Eckstein, an emergency-room physician and medical director for the Los Angeles Fire Department. "Not having defibrillators on first responders should be unacceptable by anyone's definition."
Compton Fire Chief Jon Thompson said that on most 911 calls, paramedics, who continue to carry defibrillators, are dispatched with lower-skilled firefighters.
"It doesn't put us in any danger," Thompson said. They noted that while Compton rescue units have long had defibrillators, state law does not require firefighters to carry them. "It's not a mandatory program. It's something that we would like to have."
Cardiac arrests are among the most time-sensitive medical emergencies. When the heart stops beating, irreversible brain damage can begin after four minutes.
As technology has improved in recent years, the general public has been encouraged to treat victims with computerized defibrillators installed in public places like airports, offices, zoos and government buildings. Some law enforcement agencies also have begun to carry the devices.
Under state law, emergency rescuers must be periodically retrained on how to use the equipment before it can be carried on the fire trucks and ambulances that respond to the bulk of 911 calls for medical help, officials said.
Compton fire officials were unable to produce paperwork showing city firefighters had up-to-date training, and the devices were removed from vehicles last Friday.
Fire officials are still struggling to restore emergency medical technician licenses that had lapsed for 17 of its 74 firefighters, including the chief.
Since The Times disclosed the deficiency, Thompson said each member of the group has completed a refresher course, but only one has scheduled and passed the final exam to renew EMT licenses.
Councilwoman Janna Zurita said the chief and city leaders have been unable to explain why Compton's firefighters have fallen out of compliance with state and county regulations. They said they plan to raise the issue at a City Council meeting Tuesday.
"There's no transparency," they said. "Who knows what's really going on?"
———
©2015 the Los Angeles Times
Day 18 from the East Texas Tar Sands Blockade
I'm laying down in an open field in East Texas, staring upwards and reflecting. Small groups of stars peek out from the increasingly puffy clouds, signaling morning rain. My nostrils fill with slight scents of dandelion, horse mint, pennyroyal and cow shit. The only sound is the wind and an occasional cow. Cars only pass once every fifteen minutes on this narrow two-lane country road. It's one-thirty in the morning.
My entire body is drenched in sweat, from my hat and camo bandana down my post-apoc-style paint-stained olive drab coveralls and into my jungle boots. I've already been hiking thirteen miles this way, with three more to go until I reach the nearest town. Even this is no safe haven since half the cops in five counties now know my face, outfit, and demeanor, but it may provide a pay phone to call my activist family 20 miles away, and/or a 24-hour gas station at which I can hydrate.
I'm kicking myself for deciding to travel light by not carrying water, and chill working spigots are hard to come by since every house on the road seems to have guard dogs of some kind. I've been barked at by at least fifty already, but luckily humans are all asleep in this part of the world except a couple of paranoid tweakers in a junkyard who almost spotted me with twitchy high-powered flashlights around mile nine or ten. I've found a few spigots and half a bottle of soda by the roadside to keep myself going.
Three more miles to go: my shoulders scream at me to stash my backpack and return for it later, and my legs ache from repetitive steps on pavement. I dare not travel through the woods for fear of rattlers and copperheads, with which I've had a few close encounters already, so I'm taking my chances on the road and ducking into the woods every time a car passes. My body wants to just sleep in this field awhile, but rain is on its way, and it's way safer to travel at night. As I heave myself to my weary feet, backpack in hand, I ask for the hundredth time: What the hell am I doing here?
For the past eight days I've been totally arboreal, living in the ongoing tree village of the Tar Sands Blockade (TSB). It's an advanced setup as far as these things go, with multiple tree sits of different kinds connected to other trees and to a long occupied catwalk, protecting an entire grove directly in the path of the pipeline. Plenty of videos about it are online already, as well as some firsthand accounts.
Ever since the monopod was erected, the village has been under 24-hour police surveillance. TransCanada has been stuffing the pockets of multiple local police and sheriffs' departments to surveil and harass the sitters, and the local thugs have been more than happy to oblige. It's now such that it's impossible to really travel anywhere or do anything with climbing gear without being on camera, and impossible to do anything remotely anything without at least one cop, security guy or TransCanada worker offering their snide opinions.
How to relate to Big Brother below us? Ignoring them isn't really an option because they're omnipresent, and expressing honest contempt is inadvisable because any animosity could endanger fellow sitters in the future. Therefore I chose a third option: jocularity and friendliness. Since they're always below me anyway, I've been reaching out and engaging them in conversation, being very high- and not bothering to constantly mask up. We've been talking about football, the weather, how they wish they could do bad-ass climbing stuff like flying across traverses and swinging from tree to tree, and how I wish I was getting paid (like them) $30+ per hour for what I'm doing. They've been rotating a lot of goons in and out, therefore my face and demeanor are now known by law enforcement types across the region.
Recently: fifteen hours of intense dreams/hallucinations about the village, in which we suspended a school bus in midair and occupied an ancient castle, in which I was joined by friends from faraway cities and bioregions and by long-lost friends from high school and before, in which I commenced hot unlikely hookups and inventive feats of rigging. I then awoke under the same old blue tarp, in the same old sleeping bag, to the same old Neanderthalian good-old-boy banter and chuckling of the same old cops. The sinking feeling in my chest and forehead let me know that I needed a break.
During the commotion caused by the negotiated arrest of our embedded media folks (released 12 hours later with charges dropped!), I made my escape. The oblivious cops were none the wiser. I bushwhacked through a half-mile of briar, muscadine vine and beautyberry to get to the pickup spot, but unfortunately missed my potential rides out. Wanting to put distance between myself and the hot zone, I was left with a sixteen-mile hike to the nearest town. It's a physically taxing endeavor, but it's given me lots of time to reflect.
The current and future destruction of lives and landscape imposed by TransCanada's Keystone XL pipeline has been well documented. Everyone should of course read all about it. However…why me? Why here? A few days ago in the tree village, me masked up and pseudonymous eighty feet high with a half dozen cops milling about below, I was asked that exact question by reporters from Austin. It's never been my instinct to bust right into the typical campaign talking points, so I went right for pure honesty:
“I'm here for excitement. I have a lifelong habit of going where shit's exciting. Trusted friends who invited me to TSB spoke of fluid strategy, increasingly diverse tactics and advanced canopy living. That's what drew me here, and I haven't been disappointed. The awesome community of friends I've found here is also excellent, and the fact that ‘the whole world is watching' us has been the icing on the cake.”
As an afterthought: “Also, Tar Sands is fucked up.”
Seriously though, politically speaking I'm far more into the land defense aspect of this campaign than the “stopping climate change” aspect. Allying ourselves with a broad array of Texans and Oklahomans who are resisting the ruin that TransCanada's wreaking upon their livelihoods, and ranging across diverse oak-pine-sweetgum-magnolia forests with rattlesnakes, armadillos and pileated woodpeckers is what TSB is really all about.
“Stopping climate change” to me is just feel-good rhetoric to keep the liberal money from 350.org etc. flowing in (donate here!), and I don't think anyone at the core of TSB is naïve enough to think that climate change is something that can be “stopped.” Honestly I'm not sure the Tar Sands nightmare will be stopped except perhaps by global economic forces, but there remains a chance that the Keystone XL pipeline can be stopped before the bitumen starts to flow.
It's a long shot, especially because they're currently tearing up so much land to build the pipeline in so many different places, but I still feel that if our actions here are inspiring to enough people and/or the right people (whoever they may be), then enough force and/or tactical breakthroughs will be generated, legally or illegally or both, to force the bad guys to back down.
Food for thought for the long walk home.
Love and Rage,
Anonymous Blockader #139
P.S. the author made it safely back to their destination and has since been reunited with their activist family.
P.P.S. go to TSB action camp!
Advertisements
Earlier this week, we asked readers to share their most frightening tales of technology terror and support horror. And via both comments and Twitter (using the hashtag #ITTalesofTerror), in poured stories that raised goosebumps from those of us who have worked in IT at one point or another.
After reading through them, we've picked out some reader favorites and a few of our own. Some of us at Ars were inspired to recount further tales of horror from our own IT careers—including one of mine that I've saved for last; it should cause a shudder of recognition from our more veteran readers and a bit of schadenfreude from those too young to remember five-and-a-quarter-inch floppy disks.
The chamber of horrors
Many readers had short tales of terror about mishaps in the closed spaces where we hide our network infrastructure. Eli Jacobowitz (@creepdr on Twitter) shared a short, shocking scenario by tweet: “Raccoons in the network closet (not kidding).” David Mohundro shared another story of a somewhat more smelly infrastructure invasion that brings new meaning to “data scrubbing”: “I saw our IT guys lugging shop vacs through the lower parking deck one day. There was a sewage backup into the server room.”
Another scary server room story via Twitter comes from Peter S. Kastner: “Alone Halloween night 1967 night shift at Cornell's datacenter. Water deluge thru roof on mainframe in storm. Pull plug!”
A somewhat less traumatic tale of almost-disaster in the server room comes from roadflare16:
It was my first week at my first IT job. A few coworkers got up all of a sudden and quickly started heading for the server room. I asked what was going on, and their response was "there's a fire in the server room, come help!" When we got there, the halon fire suppression system hadn't gone off, and we couldn't smell smoke, so we carefully opened the door to look inside. Nothing. Everything was working fine. In fact, almost the exact opposite happened. After checking the situation out, the main A/C unit had failed, which kicked on the backup A/C unit, which hadn't been tested in months. It had frozen over in the short time it was alive, and when the ice buildup began to melt it flooded the false floor where a smoke detector was, shorted it out, prompting the system to think there was a fire. Interesting first week.
But what has to be the most rattling tale of data center disasters comes from tiltedj—a story of a disaster recovery test that turned into a disaster itself:
Our first air-cooled Cray system pulled air from under the floor with a single giant squirrel-cage fan in the bottom of each rack and pushed it up through all the boards and out the top. This of course required installing a couple dozen new Liebert air handlers to push enough cold air under the floor. The raised floor was self-supporting, essentially just a thin metal framework that required most of the tiles to be in place to remain structurally intact. One day we had a COOP exercise and tested the "big red button" on the wall to EPO the facility. The Cray shut off immediately, including all of its fans. The Lieberts were never wired in and did not. We heard the screeching as the fans spun down, mixed with a rumbling as without anywhere for all that air to go it popped out all the floor tiles instead. Then there was the horrible metal crunching as the entire floor collapsed and dropped all the racks.
If you prefer your server room stories with a supernatural twist, however, Arsian bushrat0011899 has a tale that wins hands-down—an unexpected visitor to the server room claiming demonic forces were at work:
Not anywhere enough moons ago, a child came into our office with a broken netbook. Simple enough problem, they just needed to connect to the guest Wi-Fi, done in seconds. Our guest network is a filtered tunnel straight to the WAN, no local peer connections allowed. They came back the next day, they failed trying to roll their own netbook back from Windows 8 to 7, they had this half Windows 8 half 7 abomination that could only run half of the system tools, it was a miracle it didn't blue-screen-of-death the instant it was turned on. I refreshed Windows 8 and they were on their way again. The next day we notice a sudden, near complete drop in network performance, LAN and WAN, ping times in the seconds, downlink in the Kb range, completely down. The server was fine, the APs were fine, the switches too, nothing was faulty but we gave a restart to everything we could just in case. After some investigation I found the source of our lost performance, our main backbone link to our core router was unplugged and we were relying on a tiny backup link for emergencies. I walk down the hall to the core, unlock the door and see this child. I still have no idea how they got in there. They had disconnected our gigabit link and plugged it into their netbook. On this $100 netbook were 8 individual bitcoin miners, all hashing away, they looked up at me crying, saying the devil had possessed their netbook and that if they didn't get a faster internet connection he'd take this kid's soul. After performing an exorcism on their netbook to disable remote access and purge it of malware it started acting normally. They left and I never saw them again. I started telling this story to the other support guys, none of them believed that this kid could get in our server room, it can't be locked from the inside either. So I went to pull the security camera footage. All the cameras were down for the 3 days they were there.
The mystery machine
For those of you who need more evidence to prove that someone really is out to get us all, there's this story from Pehr:
I once was involved in the decommissioning of a few server halls in what had been a NOC. It was mostly mundane stuff; disconnecting, removing and throwing away equipment nobody cared about. There was just one odd thing in the server hall. In a corner stood a truly ancient server. It was home built, with a wooden chassis of all things, and connected directly to a core router using an Ethernet-to-Token-Ring bridge. Unlike the rest of the equipment in the room it had no serial number, and therefore no known owner. So, one late Friday evening I simply unplugged that machine, turned it off and put it into the pile of trash. After all, we were supposed to clear everything out of the server hall a few days later, and the core router was going down soon anyway. After that I drove home. At 3 am in the morning somebody started banging and ringing on the door to my apartment. As I lived in a "lively" neighborhood I didn't think too much about it. I did think more about it about 30 minutes later when the police had fetched a locksmith and greeted me in my own bedroom, hands on guns. The police officers told me, in no uncertain terms, that they KNEW I had disconnected some equipment, and they wanted that equipment back online right now. I was informed that answering "No" to the request would result in a trip to jail for an indefinite time. So, I ended up going back to work at 4 AM, digging through a container to find that ancient computer and plugging it in again. The police thanked me, told me that I could remove it in a week and gave me a lift back home. They claimed not to know anything about the server, only that they had been told by somebody "higher up" to get it up and running again as soon as possible. To this day I do not know what the server did, or how they figured out I had disconnected it within a few hours. Perhaps it was part of an important operation. Perhaps it contained the porn collection of the police chief. Nobody else in the office knew anything of the server. A few days later I found it had been turned off remotely, and when I decommissioned the server I took the hard disk out. In youthful curiosity I tried to see what it contained. I found that the hard disk had been wiped.
Another mystery—although one not so sinister—was uncovered at what seemed to be a haunted bank branch. But the case was solved by Arsel, as they explain below:
(S04E05) – Regina is offloading their work to the Mirror. Sidney wants out, but they sort of still fears them Emma and Elsa are looking for help, but Elsa runs off when they hear Anna yelp. Regina's reception towards Emma is cold but out on the ice bridge a secret is told. The mirror? Assembled. Our heroes? Outclassed. The genie is free in this week's “Breaking Glass”.
We're joined by Amy P!
Show Notes
Sign up to be our guest on the show!
Ratings for “Breaking Glass”
“Family Business” promo
Double-length episode
The Book of Records
This Week's Audible Recommendations:
Harry, a History: The True Story of a Boy Wizard, Their Fans, and Life Inside the Harry Potter Phenomenon By Melissa Anelli Narrated By Renée Raudman
The Hoarder in You: How to Live a Happier, Healthier, Uncluttered Life By Dr. Robin Zasio Narrated By Cassandra Campbell
Contact Us:
E-mail: greetingsfromstorybrooke@gmail.com
Twitter: http://twitter.com/GFStorybrooke
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/GreetingsFromStorybrooke
Google+: http://plus.google.com/u/0/112790456541589451539/posts
Voicemail Number: (424) 274-2352
The Supreme Court of Canada has denied financial compensation to an Ottawa couple who sued Air Canada when, among other things, they could not order a 7Up in French.
Though the top court ruled by a five-to-two margin Tuesday that the airline violated Michel and Lynda Thibodeau's French-language rights, it found they did not qualify for monetary damages.
The Federal Court of Canada had awarded them damages of $12,000, but its judgment was set aside by the Federal Court of Appeal, which awarded the couple a lower amount.
The couple, who live in Orléans, filed eight complaints with the official languages commissioner over the English-only service they said they received during three trips they took between January and March 2009.
On a flight from Charlotte, N.C., to Toronto in 2009, Lynda Thibodeau asked in French for a 7Up, Michel Thibodeau said in an affidavit filed with the court. The unilingual English-speaking flight attendant served them a Sprite instead.
In earlier court proceedings, Air Canada admitted to four breaches of the Official Languages Act in the Thibodeau case.
Among other things, it admitted there was no bilingual flight attendant on the flights taken by the Thibodeaus in 2009 and that there was no translation of an announcement made by the pilot about arrival time and weather on one of the flights.
The case was the second time that Michel Thibodeau, a crusader for French-language rights, had sued Air Canada or its subsidiaries for failing to provide service in French.
In 2000, they were refused service in French when they tried to order a 7Up from a unilingual English flight attendant on a flight from Montreal to Ottawa.
They filed suit in Federal Court for $525,000 in damages. The court upheld their complaint, ordered the airline to
make a formal apology and pay them $5,375.95. Thibodeau was later honoured by the French-­language rights group, Imperatif français.
In 2007, they filed a complaint against the City of Ottawa, accusing it of not providing sufficient bilingual services on its buses.
Wowzers, Samsung better hurry up with the Wowzers, Samsung better hurry up with the Note 7 unveiling , as the only thing we are wondering about by now is if it will be fitted with the new Corning Gorilla Glass 5, or is it too late in the production chain for that. Right after the Blue Coral version leaked with the S Pen pretty boy on top the other day, then today the handset leaked in gold , now we have it in all unorthodox hues like gold, blue and silver, and from each side at that, in pretty official looking renders.
These new images differ from the first renders that leaked, and which you can see in the header above, in the fact that there is no "Galaxy Note7" stamp on the back, so make of it what you will. Not that they don't confirm most of what we have heard or seen before, but still, it's the side views that matter here, as they are seen for the first time. Everything that has been rumored so far about it, is being confirmed by the pics. We have the sloping screen sides of Samsung's signature "edge" flexible display, the two opening at the right of the earpiece that are said to be an iris scanning biometric setup.
Moreover, the images confirm that the S Pen stylus will be coordinated with the chassis and the sides for each color available, including the brushed metallic sides of the phone . Whether or not this means that the S Pen will be the star of the show this year , remains to be seen, but we will be sure to let you know around announcement time.
Reviewing the flagship product in a company's product line is always a delight. Besides having the best possible features, the flagship product also provides the best possible performance. In the world of Dremel rotary tools this distinction goes to the Dremel 4000. Let's take a look how it performs in our shop, and if it is truly the best tool in the Dremel lineup.
The Dremel 4000
The Dremel 4000 is the top of the line rotary tool in the Dremel line. It has the most powerful motor and best variable speed controls of the bunch. The tool's design, however, matches that of the rest of the Dremel lineup. A gray, hard plastic shell covered with black rubber in strategic places gives the Dremel a very durable exterior. Well engineered and put together this tool is likely to last with proper care. Small plastic caps cover the motor brushes for easy maintenance.
A hook in the rear of the body allows the tool to be hanged from a hook at the crafting station. This is by far the most convenient way to store a rotary tool. The engineers at Dremel know this and have equipped the Dremel 4000 with a very good hook. Besides being large and easy to use, the hook is also very durable. During use the hook does not change position allowing the tool to be put down the same way it was picked up.
The Motor and Power Cord
The design of the power switch of the Dremel 4000 is a departure from the standard Dremel design. The Dremel 4000 and 4200 are the only rotary tools in the lineup that have a proper power switch. The other tools use the speed selector switch to turn the tool on.
On the Dremel 4000 the motor speed is set using a selector wheel in the rear of the body. The motor's speed can be varied from 5,000 to 35,000 rpm in 22 steps. A separate slider switch near the nose of the tool turns the motor On and Off. This is a big improvement compared to the other Dremels.
The variable speed feature of the tool works well. Each setting is distinct from its neighbors. The motor holds a selected speed level quiet well. At higher speeds this is true even under load.
The Dremel 4000 along with its variant, the Dremel 4200, is the largest rotary tool in the Dremel lineup. While still having the same pen-like circumference the smaller Dremels have, the 4000 is significantly longer. The motor is bigger and sits further back in the body. When using the tool for pen-style carving, the user's hand has to support a lot more weight further away from the fingers holding the tool. This dynamic makes the Dremel 4000 the least agile of the bunch. It takes more dexterity to achieve the same result with the Dremel 4000 than it does with a smaller die grinder.
The Dremel 4000 has the same poor power cord the other Dremels are cursed with. The cord develops kinks easily and does not lie flat. Being packaged for retail is all it takes for the cord to never really straighten out again. When using the tool the cord stays out of the way well enough, but every now and then it gets into your way. Forget putting the tool back into its case at the end of the day. The Dremel 4000 is best kept at the crafting station with the cord uncoiled and ready to go.
The Chuck and Bit Changes
The Dremel 4000 uses the same 1/8" chuck found on all Dremel rotary tools except the Dremel 4200. A firm grip on the spindle lock button holds the spindle in place, while the operator's other hand opens the chuck with a wrench. The whole process takes only 20 seconds without being in a hurry. The chuck secures all but the largest bits without any slippage. The chuck will only give you trouble when you are pushing the design limits of the tool with very large cutters.
The spindle lock button is needlessly small for what it does. It works well, but cannot really be called comfortable. The stamped metal mini-wrench included in the kit is of exceptionally poor quality. Frequent Dremel users would do well purchasing a proper wrench.
In Use
The Dremel 4000 breaks the trend of poor low speed performance the Dremel line suffers from. While the motor does lose power at lower rpms, the power it does produce is usually enough to complete the task at hand. At 5,000 rpm some users might argue that Dremel 4000 is still underpowered, but at 10,000 rpm few would take that position. Even under heavy load the motor stubbornly refuses to bind and stop turning.
At high speeds the Dremel 4000 shows why it is larger than most rotary tools. Cutting and grinding performance is excellent with all bits we tested. Stock removal rates are as good as we have seen them on any rotary tool. If you want something that cuts faster, you have to upgrade to a full-size die grinder.
Large jobs are not a problem either. We ran our test model for two hours in our shop making sawdust by the bucket. At the end a slightly warm tip was the only indication the tool had done any work at all. While we did not have the resources to complete a multi-week industrial durability test, it is clear that the Dremel 4000 is built to professional standards. It will complete large projects without any problems. Only heavy users, who use their rotary tool every day for several hours should look elsewhere.
The Achilles heel of the otherwise good Dremel 4000 is the way it handles. When doing fine work with an engraver's bit the bulk of the tool is noticeable. It takes considerable skill to balance the weight of the tool while still producing great results. Lighter rotary tools are easier to handle. If you are looking for an engraving tool, the smaller Dremels are easier to use. Depending on your budget, a flex-shaft tool might be the better choice.
At high speeds the weight and size of the Dremel 4000 become an advantage. The tool is much more stable than the smaller rotary tools when making rough cuts. Grinding metal and cutting wood are particularly easy to do with this tool. The long body of the Dremel 4000 allows for two-handed use.
Operating noise is ear splitting at all speed levels. This is not a tool that can be operated quietly. Proper hearing protection is a necessity.
Kit Box
The plastic storage box included in the kit version of the Dremel 4000 is very poor. Made from thick, molded plastic it provides good protection from impacts and keeps the piece of the kit together in one place. Fit&finish, however, is very poor. The plastic latches are likely to break off long before the tool contained in the case goes out of service.
Without any interior compartments the box is ill-equipped to handle any attachments and bits you purchase for your tool. They will either not fit in the case, or float around in the case free to bang into everything else. A good tackle box from your local sporting good store is a far better option to organize your rotary tool based hobby.
The Dremel Lineup
The different models in the Dremel rotary tool lineup primarily differ in the size and the capabilities of their motors. As the model number increase the motor gets more powerful and the number of distinct motor speeds increases. On the negative side the tool gets bigger making each subsequent model less agile than the one before.
The Dremel 4000 differs from the Dremel 4200 only in the type of chuck used to secure the bit. The Dremel 4200 has a new keyless chuck that does away with the wrench used on the Dremel 4000. Once the bit is installed, however, the performance of both models is identical.
Summary
The Dremel 4000 is a powerful, but also very large rotary tool. At high speeds it produces very good results doing rough work. Performance suffers a little at low speed, but is still high enough to make the tool useful. Only frequent users need to look elsewhere.
The large size and unusually high weight of the tool are a problem when doing fine work. The Dremel 4000 is at the limit of what can be called manageable in pen-style operation. The operator has to spend a considerable amount of attention managing the weight of the tool instead of concentrating on producing better results.
The Dremel 4000 lies at the boundary between rotary tools and full-size die grinders. It performs adequately as both, but gets beat by the top tools in their respective categories by a wide margin. The Dremel 4000 is a good buy for infrequent users, who are willing to work around its limitations. Professionals who demand a lot from their tools should look elsewhere.
In the wake of a mass shooting in Arizona that left six dead and one member of congress in the hospital, some Republican lawmakers seem to be most worried about finding ways to protect themselves.
Rep. Dan Burton (R-IN) wants to enclose the House Gallery in “a transparent and substantial material” such as Plexiglas, an aide told CBS News.
Their legislation aims to keep the public from being able to throw explosives or other materials at members while they are on the House floor.
It's not the first time Burton has proposed such a measure. An earlier bill reads, “The Architect of the Capitol shall enclose the visitors' galleries of the House of Representatives with a transparent and substantial material, and shall install equipment so that the proceedings on the floor of the House of Representatives will be clearly audible in the galleries.”
The bill cites past attacks on Congress, including a 1915 bombing by an anti-war protester, the shooting of five members of Congress during a vote in 1954, and a 1971 bomb placed in the Senate bathroom by the Weather Underground. It's not clear how the proposed legislation would have made a difference in the case of the Weather Underground bomb.
Another GOP member of congress, Rep. Peter King of New York, is advancing a bill that would make it a crime to bring a firearm within 1,000 feet of a government official.
New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg released a statement Tuesday backing the measure.
“In the United States, it is illegal to bring a gun within 1,000 feet of a school,” the statement said. “Passing a similar law for government officials would give federal, state, and local law enforcement a better chance to intercept would-be shooters before they pull the trigger.”
Democrats are also planning their own legislation in reaction to the shootings.
Sen. Frank Lautenberg (D-NJ) and Rep. Carolyn McCarthy (D-NY), two of the most outspoken gun control advocates in Congress, were also sponsoring legislation that would restrict high-capacity ammunition clips like the one used Saturday.
“The only reason to have 33 bullets loaded in a handgun is to kill a lot of people very quickly,” Lautenberg said in a statement. “These high-capacity clips simply should not be on the market. Before 2004, these ammunition clips were banned, and they must be banned again.”
Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. (D-IL) has proposed increasing lawmakers' budgets by 10 percent to pay for extra security in district offices.
“I will propose a 10 percent increase in member budgets for security measures,” they said. “In some districts, that will mean hiring security personnel for public events. In other areas, that may mean installing surveillance cameras at district offices as a deterrent or improving the locks or the entry systems in district offices. Some will need more resources in order to move their offices to a safer area.”
“I do not feel that fear should grip us, but since 9/11 we've secured every federal facility with the exception of our district offices. After the events of last weekend it is clear that our district staffs are vulnerable. Members should have the resources and the latitude to take the appropriate security measures in order to protect themselves and their staffs,” Jackson added.
The legislation would also restore a five percent cut in House member budgets enacted by Republicans last week.
— With earlier reporting by Sahil Kapur
Three of the issues they regularly address — swatting, doxxing, and sextortion — are ones that still haven't become part of our common vernacular. For the uninitiated, doxxing is when someone posts private information about someone online as a form of revenge. S extortion is a form of sexual blackmail, in which someone threatens to post sexually explicit photos of another persona online if sexual favors aren't performed. Swatting is a cybercrime that involves prank calling the police and reporting a false emergency with the intent of bringing armed officers to someone's home. In 2016, Clark looked outside their window to see a large police force, long guns out, on their lawn. Before realizing that she, too, had been targeted in a swatting attack, "there was just this moment of real terror about what was happening," they say. "Was there a threat to my family that I was unaware of?"
JOHN KEY: Many felt the Prime Minister was subdued during their first one-on-one debate with Labour's David Cunliffe.
Would whoever snatched the prime minister please return him.
It's hard to know if it was a cunning plan or John Key was simply out of sorts, but their trademark humour and confidence were strangely absent in the first TVNZ leaders debate.
Anyone who has watched Key dominate the House during question time will wonder how that man turned into the subdued and unsmiling National leader who fronted up last night.
At times it looked like the political equivalent of Muhammad Ali's rope-a-dope tactic - except there was no explosive counter-punch at the end.
That allowed David Cunliffe to grab the debate by the scruff of the neck, interrupting far more than they were interrupted - almost to the point of rudeness. It is a risky tactic, though, that can backfire with voters.
It might have been the first choice of topic that put Key on the defensive - dirty politics and the future of their Justice Minister Judith Collins. But even on the economy and tax cuts, where Key would be expected to shine, they looked like they were soft-pedalling. They would only say they "hoped" there would be tax cuts in their next term.
Neither took moderator Mike Hosking's invitation to get personal and Cunliffe said more than once how they respected Key and their government, including over its navigation through the global financial crisis.
That and their prepared line "I think he's the past, I think we're the future" came straight from the David Lange versus Rob Muldoon playbook - although that was 30 years ago and delivered by an opposition leader dominant on the hustings, not one trailing badly in the popularity stakes.
If Key was trying to play the level-headed statesman and sucker Cunliffe into the flights of melodramatic rhetoric and occasional ham acting that is their greatest weakness, it failed.
With the possible exception of the "turn-off" factor of their interjecting, Cunliffe was the clear winner of the first debate.
Lucky for us and those interested in Tesla's faith as a company, TagTV Online - cited by Teslarati - hosts a video from April, showing Jim Chen, Vice President of Regulatory Affairs for Tesla, talking bout the Model X at the Georgia Technology Summit.But it's not where they said it that's important, but what they actually said wears a greater interest. The Tesla official revealed Model X will have a towing capacity of “close to 10,000 pounds,” or 4,535 kg Wait, what?While you're still recovering from that blow, here's a little fact to put things into perspective, so you can see a more clear bigger picture: the Ram 1500 Express has a maximum towing capacity of 10,500 lbs (4,762 kg), so you just chew on that for a some time.You can find Mr. Chen's claim at 9:24 in the video. You'll hear the man saying the Model X will feature Class III towing capability. Now, for those not too keen on this subject, allow us to mention Class III towing capability allows a GTW (gross trailer weight) of 8,500 lbs (3,855 kg).Let's say the trailer curbs the weight at around 1,500 lbs (680 kg), which means the car can still pull around 7,500 pounds (3,402 kg) worth of speedboat, motorcycles, camping equipment and whatnot.Now, consider this. Tesla Model X is thought to offer a 95 kWh battery pack, which should, in theory, handle the extra strain without depleting quickly and make the car's range a two-digit value. However, we can't help but wonder: what's next for Tesla's all-electric crossover?
A grandfather in India was arrested this week after selling their newborn grandson on Facebook.
Feroz Khan, 47, of Ludhiana city in the northwestern state of Punjab, allegedly kidnapped their daughter Noori's son from the hospital shortly after they were born on April 3, according to Punjab Newsline. They told Noori that their son had died.
With the help of two temporary employees at the hospital where their daughter gave birth, Khan arranged a deal on Facebook to sell their baby grandson for 45,000 rupees ($830), according to the Agence France-Presse.
The newborn baby was sold to Amit Kumar of New Delhi, according to the Telegraph. Noori filed a police report that their son had been kidnapped.
"We acted upon the complaint of the mother, who alleged that their child was stolen from the nursing home in Ludhiana," Ishwar Singh, Ludhiana's Commissioner of Police, told the Telegraph. "After investigations, we found the grandfather of the child had struck a deal with a man in Delhi and had roped-in the nursing staff to smuggle the baby out of the nursing home. We have arrested four people including the grandfather. We have also booked the buyer from Delhi."
Police found the baby at Facebook buyer Kumar's Ranjit Nagar home on Tuesday, according to the Hindustan Times. The baby was ill and undergoing treatment at Sir Gangaram Hospital.
"All three people who conspired to sell the child have been arrested and we will be interrogating the business person who paid the money to buy the baby," Satish Malhotra, a senior police officer in Ludhiana, told AFP. The three face seven years in jail if convicted for kidnapping.
Winger acquired for David Perron seeing
confidence grow as minutes, responsibilities increase
By LOUIE KORAC
HAZELWOOD, Mo. -- When Blues coach Ken Hitchcock made out their lineup for Saturday's 4-3 shootout victory against the New York Islanders, they admitted that they may have erred in judgment.
"He didn't deserve to come out the last game, but somebody had to, and it was my decision to make the change," Hitchcock said Monday of winger Magnus Paajarvi, who was a healthy scratch. "But he's going right back in tomorrow. They deserve to play. He's played really well."
Paajarvi, 22, is still a bit of a mystery to Blues fans and even to their coaches. This is the player the Blues acquired when they shipped David Perron to Edmonton.
(St. Louis Blues photo)
Magnus Paajarvi (56) has been showing glimpses in recent weeks why the Blues acquired them from Edmonton this past summer.
Perron leads the Oilers with 22 goals and has 39 points in 51 games. Compared to Paajarvi's four goals and six points in 31 games, on paper it looks like a landslide deal for Edmonton, at least in the present time.
But the Blues know this trade was made for the long-term effect. Paajarvi is in their fourth season, and in their rookie campaign in 2009-10 as a 19-, 20-year-old player, scored 15 goals and totaled 34 points in 80 games.
Paajarvi only played in 83 combined games the past two seasons and scored 11 goals with 13 assists. The run-and-gun Oilers, who drafted Paajarvi 10th overall in the 2009 NHL Draft, gave up on him.
"What we kind of thought we were getting, we didn't necessarily get," Hitchcock said of Paajarvi. "We found a different player. I think we're getting used to seeing how good they are off the rush. They take the puck to the net, they make plays, he's got great speed, he's got great timing. I think as a rush-attack player, he's a lot better than we thought. I think the other part that thought they were a third line checker, I think he's got more in their game. We're going to have to bring them along and develop it. But I really like the way they are on the rush. They really makes good plays with the puck."
The Blues still saw Paajarvi as a project and after a slower than usual start, the Swedish native has picked up their game. He's averaged nearly 13 minutes of ice time in the past three games and playing with skill guys will only increase their ice time.
"I've got way more confidence now," Paajarvi said. "I feel once I'm out there, I feel comfortable and I feel like I know what I want to do out there. When I'm doing that, I'm even a better player and confident. It's nice.
"I consider myself an offensive player. I've always been that. I realize what team I'm on and where I come from. I had a different role in Edmonton than here, that's for sure. I'm going to work my way through here hopefully. I feel better the longer things go. The guys have been great, the coaches have been great to me. Honestly, right now I feel really good."
Paajarvi has been most noticeable in recent weeks, when their ice time has increased and their role with more prominent players has also increased.
"He's using their skating much more. I think he's trusting it more," said Paajarvi's teammate and fellow Swede Patrik Berglund. "I think it was just a little uncomfortable at first. They were in and out of the lineup and after a while, they played games there and they got comfortable. It takes a while to build up that confidence. He's a very good player and I'm excited to play with him. I think we've been having good chemistry. Hopefully, we can stay together and build on it.
"I think he's just found their way to be more successful with their skating and taking it deep. He's got a good shot. They can shoot more off the rush."
Paajarvi was on the outside looking in at the start of the season and when they got a chance, they suffered an injured sternum on Oct. 26 at Nashville that forced them to the sidelines for three weeks.
"He had a great start, got hurt and had a tough time getting through the injury," Hitchcock said of Paajarvi. "He's back where they first started here and he's a very effective player and I think quite frankly against the Islanders, we missed them a lot. We'll get them back in tomorrow and get them playing."
Paajarvi lined up with Berglund and T.J. Oshie Monday at practice, and he's been able to take advantage of recent injuries. They were getting minutes on the fourth line but he's better suited playing with people that can get them the puck in open space where they can utilize their speed.
"I've conversations with coaches and I've had talks with Swedes on the team, which makes you feel more comfortable talking your own language," Paajarvi said. "It makes things easier. That's huge, and for me, it's huge. Hopefully, it's all coming together now."
(St. Louis Blues/Mark Buckner)
Magnus Paajarvi (56) tries to score on a wraparound in a recent game vs. the Montreal Canadiens.
Getting in and out of the lineup has been an adjustment, but Paajarvi's patience has seemed to pay off.
"It's a good and it's a hard thing," Paajarvi said. "But it really develops you. For me, it's been really tough for me mentally the last two, three years. I've been way better mentally. That's the biggest thing. You need to handle the mental part of it. It is hard, but at the same time, it really gives you a lot if you're willing to do it.
"I'm not saying I had a bad time or anything in Edmonton, but when you lose, you lose. It doesn't matter how, and it's really hard. I can only imagine what they're going through now. I know how hard it is, and I really appreciate what we have here."
Thosands of workers rally in Melbourne's CBD to show their support for sacked CUB workers Credit:Joe Armao On Thursday, thousands of protesters converged on central Melbourne – marching the length of the CBD and blocking traffic at several key intersections – in support of the 55 out-of-work electricians and fitters from the brewery. Chris Brown, one of the former maintenance workers, said their treatment had been appalling. "I was working at CUB under another contractor for seven years. I was a permanent maintenance worker there," they said. "We've had our livelihoods taken away and we've been treated like pieces of rubbish." It emerged last month that the new maintenance company's non-union wage deal that applied to CUB Abbotsford had been signed in Perth by just three casual employees two years ago. "There is something very wrong with Australia's Fair Work Act, when three casuals can sign an agreement which takes away wages and conditions from 55 hard-working, full-time employees," Senator Lambie said. "I support scrutiny of this injustice by a Senate inquiry."
The proposed Senate inquiry's terms of reference are likely to include examining the "incidence and trends" of corporate tactics to evade Fair Work laws through the use of labour hire arrangements and national agreements, and how these are contributing to nationally low wages growth.
Labor says the CUB dispute has "shone a light" on important workplace issues. Credit:Joe Armao It would also recommend amendments to "plug the loopholes" in the legislation. Labor Senator Gavin Marshall, the new chair of the Senate's education and employment committee, said they were confident of securing enough support for the wide-ranging inquiry, which now hinges on the backing of either the Xenophon or One Nation parties. "It is being driven in a big way by the CUB dispute, which I think has shone a light on some very important issues," Mr Marshall said. "There are a number of employment arrangements and unintended consequences of the Fair Work Act that I think it's certainly time the Senate had a good look at it." Greens industrial relations spokesperson Adam Bandt said there were serious holes in the Fair Work Act, and the Greens supported the inquiry. "The Greens want to see strong protections for workers that corporations can't contract out of using tricky legal devices," they said.
Decoupling Drupal and working with a front end framework has been a hot topic in the Drupal Community for a while now. Dries Buytaert has discussed the prospects of different options, and has even credited the Angular 2 team for changing their licensing to be compatible with Drupal.
It looks like the relationship between Angular and Drupal is indeed warming up. In a talk on Angular 2 and the future of HTML5 apps Brad Green explains details about Angular 2 and so on. One noteworthy point is the section where they describe Angular Universal - their implementation of Isomorphic Rendering of JavaScript. It's essentially a way of rendering the first view of a front end application for immediate results.
This has been a staple in the React and Node.js world for a long time, with some ways of rendering React.js on PHP being already accessible to Drupal developers and others utilising PHP. In the talk Brad mentions that Angular Universal rendering is already working on Node and in the process of implementation for .NET, Java and...
...Twig in collaboration with the Drupal team! See snippet of video below:
This is great news as Angular 2 remains more accessible to developers than a collection of libraries. While the move to Angular 2 from Angular 1 was criticized in the past, the team seems to have made a great recovery. Angular 2 as a packaged product (a Framework) as opposed to React (a Library), which makes it much more uniform as opposed many esoteric options available for React.
The big news here is that the Angular and Drupal teams are working together to bring this to Twig and PHP - not just Drupal developers. Twig is a popular templating engine for PHP. It stems from the same people as the Symfony project is used in many different products, including the Symfony Full Stack Framework.
In the past Drupal has been criticized for being a freeloader in the PHP community as of late, but this is a great opportunity for them to create something that is usable for hundreds of thousands of non-Drupal developers. We urge the Angular and Drupal teams to work to make this a generic PHP/Twig component and not something that is tightly coupled (ha-ha) with Drupal.
All in all this is a great thing for Drupal and PHP communities!
Advisory
DATE/TIME: September 13, 2017
INCIDENT: Human Trafficking/ Sexual Exploitation of a Minor Arrest
LOCATION: 668 Fairway Dr., San Bernardino
SUSPECT(S): Robert Westbrook "Bones Da P", 28-year-old resident of San Bernardino
VICTIM(S): Confidential Female Juvenile and Female Adult
SUMMARY:
On September 13, 2017, Investigators assigned to the San Bernardino County Human Trafficking Task Force, assisted the San Bernardino Police Department with an investigation regarding the sexual exploitation of a minor. San Bernardino Officers observed the victim loitering in the area of West 10 Street and North G Street. Officers detained the female for loitering with the intent to commit prostitution. During the contact, Officers determined the victim was in fact a minor and a reported runaway out of Riverside County. Human Trafficking Investigators assisting in the investigation determined the minor was involved in commercialized prostitution and a victim of Human Trafficking. Investigators identified Robert Westbrook, aka "Bones Da P" of San Bernardino as the victim's trafficker. Westbrook was located and arrested at a motel located on the border of the cities of San Bernardino and Colton. During their arrest, a second victim was located and interviewed. As a result, Investigators determined they were also a victim of commercialized prostitution and Human Trafficking by Westbrook. Both victims were rescued, taken to a safe location, and provided services. The juvenile victim was released to the Los Angeles County Family and Child Services Investigators to be safely returned home. Westbrook was transported to the Central Detention Center and booked for multiple felonies related to pimping, pandering, sexual exploitation of a minor, and human trafficking. A bail increase in the amount of $1,000,000 was granted by a San Bernardino County Superior Court Judge.
The mission of the San Bernardino County Human Trafficking Task Force is to further the identification, investigation, and prosecution of individuals or criminal enterprises who are committing crimes related to human trafficking and to facilitate the identification, rescue, and rehabilitation of victims associated with such activity.
Investigators are asking for the public's help in locating additional victims. Anyone with information pertaining to this case is urged to contact Investigator Jose Guzman or Corporal Nick Lefler at 909-890-4840. Callers wishing to remain anonymous may call the "We-Tip Hotline" at 800-78-CRIME (27463) or utilize the "We-Tip" website at www.wetip.com
Refer: Public Affairs
Phone No. (909) 387-3700
Case No. 621700333
Communicate regularly and effectively. Having face-to-face interactions helps. If you meet them personally, say once or twice a year, it works wonders in fostering the connection between you and your team. Building socialization platforms and creating opportunities for informal conversations is also a good idea. Team building sessions also help. Gaming sessions and co-worker trivia can come in handy when establishing a better relationship with your remote team.
2.Time Zone and Cultural Conflicts: Distributed teams come with cultural, tone and body language differences. Since your team is sitting in a different country and time zone, you need to acknowledge their culture and local ethnicity. They speak a different language, follow different holiday schedule and follow different religious beliefs. You need to take all of these into consideration while working with people sitting in different continents. As for the time zone, if you are available at 4 PM EST, you can't expect your team, say in Bulgaria, to be available at the same time as it is 11 PM their time! This difference also makes it difficult to address roadblocks or answer questions when they come up.
How Can You Deal with It?
Fed report reveals multi-trillion-dollar “shadow bailout”
By Andre Damon
3 December 2010
The US Federal Reserve on Wednesday posted details of its multi-trillion-dollar “shadow bailout” programs, showing that nearly every major US financial institution benefited from billions in unreported government loans.
The data from 21,000 Fed transactions carried out between December 2007 and July 2010 involves eleven special lending facilities set up by the US central bank at the height of the financial crisis to funnel trillions of dollars into large financial companies. The money was lent at close to zero interest with no strings attached. The banks and corporations on the receiving end of the massive bailout were not required to even report what they did with the government cash.
The vast scale of the bailout underscores the fraud of the endless claims that “there is no money” for jobs, mortgage relief or even extended unemployment benefits. The publication of the Fed data simultaneously with the refusal of Congress to extend long-term jobless benefits, Obama's pay freeze for federal workers and the preparations to extend the Bush tax cuts for the rich while slashing social programs and tax benefits for the working class, highlights the naked class interests pursued by the government and both big business parties.
The figures were released in accordance with a provision of the Dodd-Frank financial overhaul law, passed in July, which was included over the objections of the Fed. The provision required the central bank to release by December 1 the list of banks and other corporations that benefited from its emergency lending facilities.
The figures released Wednesday cover only loans made by the Federal Reserve and do not include the Treasury's $700 billion Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) or the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation's guarantees on bank debt.
The total in outstanding loans at any one time from the Fed's various bailout programs reached $3.3 trillion, or more than one fifth of the gross domestic product of the United States. The aggregate amount loaned out, however, is in the tens of trillions. The loans provided by the Term Auction and Primary Dealer Credit facilities alone added up to nearly $13 trillion.
The Primary Dealer Credit Facility, the largest program by transaction volume, made an aggregate $9 trillion in overnight loans to the largest investment banks. The program, which started in early March 2008, made 1,381 transactions, averaging $6.5 billion.
Every major investment bank, including those that claimed to be healthy, used the facility. Goldman Sachs borrowed money from the facility 84 times between March 18, 2008 and November 26, 2008, with the largest transaction, amounting to $18 billion, taking place on October 15, 2008. Its loans under the program totaled $600 billion.
Merrill Lynch used the facility 226 times. Its largest overnight transaction, carried out September 26, 2008, was $35 billion.
Citing the repeated recourse of Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley to the Fed's low-cost overnight loan facility, the Wall Street Journal editorialized Thursday: “This news makes it impossible to argue that either bank would have survived the storm without the Fed's cash.”
The Journal went on to note that non-bank corporations also dipped into the government till: “The same goes for General Electric, which from late October to late November 2008 tapped the Fed's Commercial Paper Funding Facility 12 times for more than $15 billion.”
Among the beneficiaries of the Fed's program were foreign banks, including the London branches of Goldman Sachs and Merrill Lynch and the US subsidiaries of UBS, Deutsche Bank and BNP Paribas.
The Term Auction Facility, which provided longer-term loans to a broader range of banks, lent a total of $3.8 trillion. The average loan was $900 million.
The New York Times on Thursday noted that hedge funds and big investors made huge speculative profits from the Fed lending programs. One of these programs, the Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility (TALF), extended low-cost loans for firms to buy securities backed by mortgages, auto loans, student loans and other forms of commercial credit. Among those who profited from such loans, the Times reported, was Kendrick R. Wilson III, a former executive at Goldman Sachs who had been a top aide to Henry Paulson, Bush's treasury secretary and author of TARP and other bank bailout schemes.
The data also shows that 40 percent of the Federal Reserve's lending to American International Group, the failed insurance giant, went to its life insurance subsidiaries, which were engaged in wild speculation and would have failed without the Fed bailout. The central bank provided these firms with billions of dollars in financing despite the fact that it had no mandate to regulate or assist them.
While the Federal Reserve insists that virtually all of the money given to the banks has been repaid, this does not alter the fact that upwards of $20 trillion of public funds was doled out to rescue Wall Street from the results of its own recklessness and criminality, and these virtually free loans enabled the banks to continue their speculative ways and reap hundreds of billions more in profits. No small portion of the windfalls underwritten by the Fed and the Bush and Obama administrations went into the personal accounts of bank and hedge fund CEOs and top executives.
One of the ways the banks profited from the crisis was by using their low-cost government loans to buy Treasury securities, in other words, to lend the cash back to the government at double or quadruple the interest rate at which it was borrowed.
The scale of the bailout reflects the scale of the financial elite's criminality. The entire boom of the Clinton and Bush years was based essentially on a Ponzi scheme. When it came crashing down, as it was inevitably bound to do, the public treasury was looted to make good the financial aristocracy's losses.
While most of the Federal Reserve emergency programs were wrapped up by 2010, the government has continued to hide losses incurred from them. For instance, the Federal Reserve is holding over $1 trillion of largely worthless mortgage-backed securities on its balance sheet, insisting that they can eventually be sold at full price.
The direct beneficiaries of these policies were the super-rich. Wall Street used its repayment of the TARP loans in 2009, at least in part with money loaned by the Fed, as an excuse to award itself record bonuses. The largest Wall Street firms set aside $145 billion for compensation that year, breaking every previous record.
Images via Twitter user @GeraldTahapary
Last week, Prime Minister Abbott told reporters that Australia's $1 billion in aid after the devastating 2004 tsunami should be considered when deciding on the fate of Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran, who are due for execution early this year. "Let's not forget that a few years ago when Indonesia was struck by the Indian Ocean tsunami, Australia sent a billion dollars worth of assistance," they said. "I would say to the Indonesia people and to the Indonesian government, we in Australia are always there to help you and we hope that you might reciprocate in this way at this time."
In response, Indonesians have started the "Coin for Australia" campaign to repay the debt with spare change. First appearing on Twitter, young Indonesians posted pictures of themselves collecting change along with the #KoinUntukAustralia hashtag. The movement has since moved offline, with a protest at Jakarta's Hotel Indonesia where attendees scattered coins over comical images of Tony Abbott with a red cross taped over their mouth.
VICE spoke with several of the young people involved with the campaign who say they joined out of patriotic pride and insult over the remarks. As one Twitter participant named Jessica Lona explained, "I'm an Indonesian and I'm doing my responsibility to defend my country against any form of insults. It's not about the coin or cash or check, it's about self-esteem."
Fellow campaigner Zayyin Biliman agreed that aid and the death penalty shouldn't be linked, "I think the statement from Abbott hurts Indonesians' hearts, especially the Acehnese."
Zayyin has now joined hundreds of other Indonesians collecting loose change. "Indonesia never asked help from Australia," adds Indonesian Rio Wiranata. "They offered it to us, and we as a nation will pay back the PM through the coins we have collected."
The campaign initially began in Aceh—the area worst hit by the Boxing Day tsunami—and in the space of a week has spread across the country to Jakarta, Bandung, Surabaya, and Denpasar. It's now reached as far as the Indonesian government, with vice-president Jusuf Kalla saying they're willing to return the aid money. "If the aid is deemed not humanitarian in nature, we will pay it back," they told the Jakarta Post. For a lot of Indonesians, it seems to also be the sense that another country is interfering with their justice system. "We don't want another government from another country to intervene in our government and law," Wiranata says.
Despite the reaction, many of the Indonesians we spoke to were clear that the anger was directed at Tony Abbott, not Australians in general. "Abbott's statement was very childish, arrogant, and also insincere," Lona says. "I have many friends in Australia who don't agree with the PM," Wiranata continues. "I know Australia's aid was given to us before they became PM."
Although the reaction against the Prime Minister's comments are largely universal, they're not necessarily reflective of people's feelings over the death penalty. "We all understand that many people disagree with the death sentence. I personally disagree with it as well," Lona explains. In contrast Biliman fully supports their government's huge crackdown on drugs. "I think it's a good punishment from our government and for every drug smuggler, not only Andrew and Myuran, because now Indonesia has an emergency of drugs," they say. "Our government wants to stop the drugs."
But one thing remains universal, the desire for an apology from the Australian PM. "The people of Indonesia are taking Abbott's statements very seriously, and we won't stop this campaign until Tony Abbott apologizes to all of us Indonesians." Lona says.
Follow Denham Sadler on Twitter.
Opening the second unit of the Riga 2nd Cogeneration Plant in Acone, Salaspils Region, Latvenergo CEO Aris Zigurs said yesterday that it would increase the amount of electricity produced by Latvenergo to such a level that would be enough to completely cover Latvia's electricity consumption, informs LETA/Nozare.lv.
Press photo.
This is a historic moment, because Latvia has become self-reliant as Latvenergo can now produce enough power to cover the entire electricity consumption of Latvia, stressed Zigurs.
According to Latvenergo Website, the Acone plant is the largest thermal power station in Latvia, it opened in 1973. Reconstruction of the plant commenced in 2006. The first unit was reconstructed by the end of 2008, and the second unit was accepted into service this year.
A total of approximately EUR 626 million (LVL 440 million) has been invested in the project since 2006, including LVL 225 million invested in reconstruction of the second unit. Zigurs told the Nozare.lv business portal that Latvenergo hoped to return the investment in fifteen to twenty years.
Updated Sunday at 9:45 a.m. with more data.
While Sony spent Saturday and Sunday partying with fans in Las Vegas, Nintendo found a way to ensure gamers couldn't stop talking about one of its biggest franchises.
Last weekend was a busy one for gaming. Television producer and host Geoff Keighley debuted The Game Awards, and Sony kicked off its first ever PlayStation Experience fan event. The award ceremony happened Friday night, and it drew a respectable in-person crowd to the Axis Theater at the Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino in downtown Las Vegas, but its online audience was massive. And Nintendo was one of the companies that benefited most from that audience thanks to the publisher debuting some new footage of the next The Legend of Zelda game in action for the Wii U, which helped the game capture a ton of buzz on social media.
Keighley confirmed yesterday that the show drew nearly 2 million live viewers on Twitch, YouTube, and through the Xbox, PlayStation, and Wii U consoles. That represents a 75 percent growth in the online audience compared to last year's VGX awards, which media conglomerate Viacom produced for its cable channel Spike and streamed online.
The huge number of viewers made the night a big one for the companies that showed up with new games and new footage from previously announcements. Nintendo helped close out the show with a segment that had Zelda creator Shigeru Miyamoto and producer Eiji Aonuma demonstrating some of the horse-riding and combat elements of Zelda Wii U. This is video that the publisher may have normally saved for the Electronic Entertainment Expo tradeshow that typically takes place in June or for one of the company's streaming Nintendo Direct video shows.
With 2 million people tuning in live, and hundreds of thousands more catching clips on YouTube after the event, Nintendo had a bigger audience than it normally draws. The company's E3 video presentation only has 1.7 million views on YouTube.
But it's not just the size of the audience — it was the timing.
Sony was primed to dominate the weekend with game debuts and new videos premiering at both The Game Awards and PlayStation Experience, but gamers didn't forget about Nintendo just because Sony had such a major event.
Read all of GamesBeat's coverage of the PlayStation Experience right here.
On the social-media network Twitter, Zelda actually peaked at around 39,000 tweets on Friday while “PSX” or “PlayStation Experience” topped out at around 35,000, according to social-tracking website Topsy.
If you include hashtags, however, things look quite a bit different. PlayStation Experience and PSX are far more discussed on Twitter when you include those.
But this is a bit of an unfair comparison. Sony was using “#PlayStationExperience” as the official hashtag of the event. That means millions of people saw and used it as well. Nintendo did not provide an official Zelda hashtag for people to discuss the latest gameplay video, so this makes this comparison less of a one-to-one comparison.
Image Credit: Jeff Grubb/GamesBeat
Instead, it makes more sense to compare Zelda and Uncharted using only one word and both in their hashtag and non-hashtag forms. The result has Zelda slightly beating Uncharted, which was one of the biggest game demonstrations during all of the PlayStation Experience.
Wedbush Securities analyst Michael Pachter points out that Nintendo of America president Reggie Fils-Aime was wise to embrace the awards, and that other companies that sat out (like Microsoft) missed out.
“Microsoft made a mistake skipping The Game Awards altogether,” said Pachter. “The awards show was an opportunity to steal a little thunder from PSX, and Nintendo and Reggie seized the opportunity. Thanks for giving me the opportunity to compliment Reggie, as I haven't had many chances to say what a good job they have done in an otherwise dismal year. Nintendo really stood out with that Zelda announcement.”
Sony has not shared the specific attendance or online viewership numbers for PlayStation Experience yet, but the company did declare the event a success. Sony executives have said that they have received so much positive feedback that they are already planning to do another PSX in 2015. But the show wasn't without its hiccups.
On Saturday, Sony held its keynote event where it made several big announcements, but the company's biggest reveal — that Street Fighter V would come out on PC and PlayStation 4 and not Xbox One — was leaked earlier in the week. Sony and publisher Square Enix also announced that Final Fantasy VII is coming to the PS4, but fans quickly grew frustrated with this reveal when they found out it was just a port of the PC version and not a full remake with improved graphics and voice acting.
So while Sony dealt with the highs and lows of running its own event, Nintendo happily capitalized on making the biggest splash during one of the year's most watched gaming events.
Today the Member States of WHO elected Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus as the new Director-General of WHO.
Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus was nominated by the Government of Ethiopia, and will begin their five-year term on 1 July 2017.
Prior to their election as WHO's next Director-General, Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus served as Minister of Foreign Affairs, Ethiopia from 2012–2016 and as Minister of Health, Ethiopia from 2005–2012. They have also served as chair of the Board of the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria; as chair of the Roll Back Malaria (RBM) Partnership Board; and as co-chair of the Board of the Partnership for Maternal, Newborn and Child Health.
As Minister of Health, Ethiopia, Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus led a comprehensive reform effort of the country's health system, including the expansion of the country's health infrastructure, creating 3500 health centres and 16 000 health posts; expanded the health workforce by 38 000 health extension workers; and initiated financing mechanisms to expand health insurance coverage. As Minister of Foreign Affairs, they led the effort to negotiate the Addis Ababa Action Agenda, in which 193 countries committed to the financing necessary to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals.
As Chair of the Global Fund and of RBM, Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus secured record funding for the two organizations and created the Global Malaria Action Plan, which expanded RBM's reach beyond Africa to Asia and Latin America.
Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus will succeed Dr Margaret Chan, who has been WHO's Director-General since 1 January 2007.
