In one picture, 240 years of white male dominance in the White House... is over.
I get that we aren't allowed to spike the football, for fear of offending voters whose candidate is losing. I get that we aren't allowed to highlight the incredible obstacles Hillary has faced to get where they are today, for fear of being told we are shills, paid trolls, neoliberal, apologists, or the establishment.
But at what point can we celebrate what Hillary is on the cusp of? When do we acknowledge the shattered glass at our feet which she's left scattered in their wake?
From the moment Hillary hit the political scene in Arkansas, from the second they stepped foot on the campaign trail for their husband back in the 1992 election cycle, they were treated as an existential threat to Republican politics. Hundreds of millions of dollars have been spent for the past 25 years to make you hate them (incidentally, does anyone else think this may provide some explanation for the fact that their weakest support comes from the people who have only been alive that long?). She's been investigated, slandered, exonerated, ridiculed, and honored time and time again. But more than that — she's worked harder and longer and more effectively than any woman in American political history.
Yet, if they were to take a bow, if we were to pump our fists at this seminal moment in history, we'd be accused of all manner of incivility.
So when would it be okay to acknowledge this profound and deeply appreciated accomplishment to millions of Americans who are voting for them to succeed where no woman has succeeded before?
15 Galleries: Pain in the gas: Long lines, short tempers at N.J. gas stations Nov. 1st
New Jersey's gas crunch in the wake of Hurricane Sandy has become so severe that state officials are implementing gas rationing for passenger vehicles in the counties the hardest hit by the storm.
Gov. Chris Christie signed an executive order today announcing a state of energy emergency and instituting gas rationing for the purchase of fuel by motorists in 12 counties, starting Saturday at noon.
Calling the fuel supply in the state a "shortage" that could endanger public health, safety and welfare, the rationing will take place in Bergen, Essex, Hudson, Hunterdon, Middlesex, Morris, Monmouth, Passaic, Somerset, Sussex, Union and Warren counties.
"As New Jerseyans continue the long process of recovering from Hurricane Sandy, it's imperative that our families have secure, reliable access to essential supplies like fuel," said Christie in a statement issued just before 8 p.m. They cited the long lines and otherwise disorderly sales of fuel following Hurricane Sandy.
According to the order, all retail gasoline dealers are required to sell fuel for use in a passenger vehicle according to the last number appearing on a vehicle's license plate.
Vehicles with license plates, the last number of which is an odd number, can fill up at stations in these counties only on odd-numbered days of the month, the order said.
Vehicles with license plates, the last number of which is an even number, can fill up only on even-numbered days.
Zero is considered an even number.
The order does not apply to the purchase of fuel by individuals with gas canisters. Walk-ups are still permitted.
All license plates not displaying a number, such as vanity plates, are considered odd, and should fill up on odd numbered days of the month, the order said.
The ration order will remain in effect for as long as the limited declared state of energy emergency is in effect.
"I encourage all New Jerseyans to abide by this system – motorists and retail dealers alike – to ease wait times and improve access for everyone," said Attorney General Jeffery S. Chiesa. "Those who choose to disregard this order will be prosecuted to the fullest extent permitted under the Governor's state of emergency authority."
Related coverage:
• Belleville votes to ration gasoline after Hurricane Sandy
• Sandy update: Gas lines still hours long, more than 1M still without power
• Hurricane Sandy gas lines: Twitter updates from across N.J.
• Live gas blog: Hurricane Sandy causes massive lines at N.J. gas stations
If only I knew more mathematics. — Albert Einstein's last words (Isaacson, 2007
If I take a moment and truly contemplate about what brought me to work as a psychiatrist caring for patients with advanced cancer, I'd likely come to a realization that I believe is shared by many of my colleagues in psycho-oncology and palliative care. The exact circumstances, events, family legacies, and other influences may be relatively diverse and unique, but ultimately it is a desire, a drive, a need to answer the questions of “How does a human being live a finite mortal life?” “How is it possible to live, and retain the will to live, knowing that this is all finite, temporary? How does a human being live with the knowledge of death—in the face of death?” And, ultimately, “How can one live such a life without being overcome, panicked, paralyzed, or overwhelmed with the meaninglessness of life, by the fear of death?” I believe that many of us have come to the field of palliative care to find some of these very same answers.
Having grown up the child of Holocaust survivors, I was constantly exposed to and aware of the reality of death. Stories of death, loss, and suffering filled my home. I not only learned that death was real; I learned that it could happen to “us,” and that it could come at any moment—irrationally, violently, senselessly. When the telephone rang after midnight in my childhood home, it caused panic. The question was always “What tragedy has befallen us? Who died?” So it was not merely my passion for science and medicine, or my deep desire to understand the human psyche, or to use my intellect in the service of others—it was something more basic and existentially oriented. I needed to understand how a human being could continue to live with the knowledge of their death being very real and even proximate. I needed to place myself at that “nexus” between life and death, and dwell there and learn all I could from my fellow human beings (who we call patients) through conversation, observation, and ultimately research. The “who” that I was becoming in the world was someone who could have an impact on existential suffering, and particularly the fear of death. Like all acts of “care,” my mission was to aid others, but also to aid myself. I have been on a more than 30-year quest to find a way to not fear death. Have I succeeded? Have I learned anything that could be of use to me or others who face death?
I believe I have learned much but wanted to concentrate on one aspect of dealing with the fear of death, and that is the need to first deal with “existential guilt”—to explore existential guilt as a way to accept the life that one has lived, thus allowing one to face death with some sense of peace and equanimity. We human beings are human animals, with a biology that is hardwired to fulfill our primary existential obligation: survival in order to procreate. So in the face of danger and the threat of mortal harm or death, our nervous system goes off like an alarm and floods our bodies with catecholamines that force us to “flee or fight.” What is biologically produced in the face of the threat of death is a rush of adrenaline-induced intense fear. So as human animals we will always have this “fear” response. The question is whether we can blunt it with medications or overcome it with wisdom and attitudes we adopt with the aid of our very large forebrains–existential or even spiritual wisdom that allows us to face death with a sense of peace, a peace that can come from what Frankl (1959) called the main task of dying, which is to relieve our existential guilt.
AWARENESS OF OUR EXISTENCE: A CAUSE OF FEAR OF DEATH AND EXISTENTIAL GUILT Human beings are supposedly unique among living creatures in that we are “aware of our existence”—we can objectively contemplate ourselves! Almost 200 years ago, Kierkegaard (1983) postulated that as a result of this we experience two emotions: “awe” and “dread.” It is awesome to be alive. Yet it is dreadful to recognize that we will all die—and that death can come at any moment. Kierkegaard described the resulting experience of living this “aware” human life as a “struggle of being versus non-being.” Death, or the “inevitability of death” is a constant dread that lies just beneath the surface in all human beings. Death anxiety breaks through when our efforts to adapt to, minimize, or deny death fail us, particularly at moments of loss, the death of those close to us, or when we are confronted with the limitations of life, such as when we are diagnosed with a life-threatening illness like cancer. Death is the ultimate limitation. Kierkegaard used the terms “angst” or “dread” when referring to what we call “death anxiety” or what social psychologists refer to as “existential terror” (Becker, 1973). Angst is often thought to refer merely to fear or anxiety. Interestingly, “angst” comes from the German root angust, which is also means anger. This implies that anxiety and anger compose the duality of emotions related to death. Ernest Becker (1973) hypothesized that in order to mitigate against death anxiety, human beings create “culture”—humanly constructed beliefs about reality that reduce death anxiety. All “cultures” elucidate the origins of the universe, prescribe appropriate behaviors, values, and virtues, and offer literal or symbolic paths to immortality. Humans thus manage existential terror by believing that life is meaningful, and by drawing from the self-esteem obtained by meeting or exceeding cultural values. Thus, Becker and psychologists like Sheldon Solomon who study “terror management” (Maxfield et al., 2012) highlight the importance of sustaining and enhancing a personal sense of meaning and purpose individually, and perhaps in the world as well, as critical to the mitigation of “death anxiety.” This awareness of our existence as human beings also results in an existential and biological imperative to somehow “respond” to the fact of our existence. This “ability to respond” to existence is embodied in the existential principle of “responsibility.” We thus have a responsibility to create a life (related directly to Frankl's concept of “creative” sources of meaning—all the ways in which we derive meaning from creating a life, and becoming “who” we strive to be in the world). This responsibility to create a life involves creating a unique life (one only we could have lived—one authentic to us), and to live this life to its fullest potential, thus creating a life of meaning, purpose, direction, growth, and transformation, and becoming valued members of a culture and the world with meaning. Most, if not all of us, fail at this impossible task. Falling short of this responsibility leads to what existentialists describe as existential guilt, the notion that I could have done more, and that I missed opportunities or failed in some ways. Kierkegaard's term “angst” also refers to guilt or remorse, and many existentialists think of the term “angst” as related to the concept of existential guilt—the idea that one has not achieved enough in one's life, not lived a unique life to its fullest potential. This sense of existential guilt, many existentialists hypothesize, is the root of death anxiety and anger at impending death. Hence, several existentially oriented interventions at the end of life focus on the concepts of completing life tasks, making amends, and forgiving and asking for forgiveness—trying to accept the life that one has lived (Breitbart, 2017) Freedom—the fact that we have the freedom to make our lives as we will it, to be the authors of our own lives—is another source of existential distress. The concept of “existential freedom” suggests an absence of external structure imposed upon the course and shape of our lives (perhaps with the exception of the genetic predispositions we have been born with, such as height, gender, intelligence, and certain diseases), and a frightening existential groundlessness resulting from the idea that we are primarily responsible for our lives. The concepts of responsibility, will, and existential guilt are all derived from this ultimate freedom. The need to respond to life or “responsibility” becomes central when one is aware of existential freedom. It is through exerting our will (and choosing our attitude) that we create the life that only we were meant to live, the person we want to become. Existential guilt arises when one is distracted from or impeded from exerting one's will and responsibility in living up to one's unique potential (never living up to one's potential).
If you like my art and would like to support me, you can do so through
or by
. Every little bit helps, and is much appreciated! Thank you! C:
---------FINALLY FINISHED IT! JEESUS! This took me about 20 hours to do, on and off, but it was well worth it. This was done with acrylics on an 18 x 24 Clayboard Panel, for anyone who's curious.The finished product of the sneak peek I showed you guys a little while back; Celestia and Luna dance around each other happily, more than relieved to be finally reunited with one another. c:So, ever since I heard BlackGryph0n Baasik 's Moonlight , I had this image stuck in my head. It's a very wonderful song, and I highly recommend giving it a listen. O:But yeah, I really wanted to make something with these two, and the song inspired it. Soooo it just sorta came together. The idea here is that, when the sisters combine their magic, an eclipse occurs. I didn't want the eclipse to be seen how it usually is (foreboding, dark, gloomy) so I played with the colors to try and make it seem more like a magical occurrence. In response to their magic working in tandem, I colored their manes and tails so that they would both reflect a sunset, with Celestia's being the brighter part and Luna's being the darker part. Despite how long it took me to finish, this was loads of fun to do. C:Sooo.... yeah. I think that's everything? If you guys have any questions, feel more than free to ask me. And as always, thanks so much for taking a look! ^.^-------
Building and maintaining excess fat tissue, specifically the visceral fat clustered around internal organs, harms long-term health in numerous ways. It raises the risk of suffering from all of the most common age-related medical conditions, and raises lifetime medical expenditures even while lowering life expectancy. A primary mechanism here is thought to be greater levels of chronic inflammation spurred by this fat tissue, but visceral fat is metabolically active and prompts a wide range of changes throughout an individual's body. One of the end results is a greater level of physical damage to brain tissue over time, largely a result of breakage and failure in tiny blood vessels:
Obesity has been associated with microstructural brain tissue damage. Different fat compartments demonstrate different metabolic and endocrine behaviors. The aim was to investigate the individual associations between abdominal visceral adipose tissue (VAT) and subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT) and microstructural integrity in the brain. This study comprised 243 subjects aged 65.4 ± 6.7 years. The associations between abdominal VAT and SAT, assessed by CT, and magnetization transfer imaging markers of brain microstructure for gray and white matter were analyzed and adjusted for confounding factors. Our data indicate that increasing visceral adipose tissue rather than subcutaneous adipose tissue is associated with microstructural brain tissue damage in elderly individuals. This association cannot be accounted for by BMI, which is an easily obtainable clinical measure of obesity but does not discriminate different fat compartments. Awareness of differences in the underlying mechanisms between body fat patterns and brain damage may offer more focused individual advice or treatment than considering BMI only. Further research in a general population with a wider age range is necessary to study whether the relationship between visceral adiposity and microstructural brain tissue damage is merely a result of ageing, or exists independently of age. Furthermore, cognition tests could be of additional value for evaluating the clinical consequences of these findings.
Link: http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/enhanced/doi/10.1002/oby.21048/
What is Integral Theory?
Integral theory attempts to answer the question: How can we make sense of the mass of information in the world? “Today, not only are people geographically mobile, but we can study, and have studied, virtually every known culture on the planet. In the global village, all cultures are exposed to each other,” claims author and integral philosopher Ken Wilber. What this means, Wilber says, is that “for the first time, the sum total of human knowledge—premodern, modern, and postmodern—is available to us.”
Given that we have access to basically all human knowledge and culture, what should we do? Intending to solve this problem, Wilber has created a comprehensive cross-cultural map that includes the best elements of all human knowledge and culture. They claim such a map gives us “the critical essential keys to human growth,” and helps you “see yourself and the world in more comprehensive and effective ways.” Wilber calls the comprehensive map of human growth he's been researching and developing for the last 40 years “integral theory,” or the “integral approach.”
According to Wilber, there are 5 key elements that span all models of human growth and frame their comprehensive map: quadrants, levels, lines, states, and types.
Quadrants—the 4 fundamental dimensions of the world.
Levels—stages of psychological, cultural, physical, and social growth.
Lines—intelligences and capacities that develop through stages.
States—states of consciousness.
Types—styles of thinking, relating, and living.
Some supporters of integral theory are Bill and Hillary Clinton, The Wachowski sisters (the creators of The Matrix), musician Alanis Morissette, Al Gore, filmmaker Darren Aronofsky, and painter Alex Grey.
Want to learn more about integral theory? Check out the audio version of Ken Wilber's life-changing book A Brief History of Everything, in which they provide an in-depth explanation of integral theory in a reader friendly way. It will surely change your world!
Mindfulness Audio Programs | Best Sellers | Free & Special Offers
Sign up for our newsletter and receive WisdomFeed's Mindfulness Welcome Pack courtesy of Better Listen!
UPDATE: Update 2:10 p.m. ET: Law enforcement officials have confirmed that Vester Flanagan has died.
According to The Washington Post, Flanagan, 41, several law enforcement agencies were chasing Flanagan when they crashed along Interstate 66 in Fauquier County. When police approached their car, they found them suffering from a self-inflicted gunshot wound. Flanagan was rushed to a hospital with life-threatening injuries, The Washington Post reported.
UPDATE: Police in Virginia report that suspect Vester Flanagan is critically injured from a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
The man suspected of killing two WDBJ7 employees Wednesday morning shot themselves on I-66 in Faquier County, according to state police.
The suspected shooter has been identified as Vester Lee Flanigan, also known as Bryce Williams.
 They are a former WDBJ7 employee.
Franklin County Shooting Suspect In CustodyShortly before 11:30 a.m., Virginia State Police spotted the suspect... Posted by Virginia State Police on Wednesday, August 26, 2015
Flanagan is said to have opened fire on WDBJ7 photographer Adam Ward and WDBJ7 reporter Alison Parker around 6:45 a.m. during a live broadcast at Bridgewater Plaza, which is on Smith Mountain Lake.
Vicki Gardner of the Smith Mountain Lake Regional Chamber of Commerce was also injured in the shooting.  They are in surgery and recovering.
Adam was 27-years-old. Alison just turned 24.
Both Adam and Alison were from the WDBJ7 viewing area.
Adam graduated from Salem High School and Virginia Tech.
Alison grew up in Martinsville and attended Patrick Henry Community College and James Madison University.
ABC News is reporting that Flanagan faxed a lengthy 'manifesto' to their newsroom at some point before or shortly after the shooting took place.
Updating...
Sad news out of Virginia this morning, after a gunman opened fire during live news cast, killing a reporter and photographer.
The reporter, Alison Parker, was just 24 years old and was on their last day working at the station, planning to move on in their career.
Them camera man, Adam Ward, was 27 years old.
The WDBJ-TV crew were conducting an interview of an official from Smith Mountain Lake park when shots rang out around 6:45 a.m.
As the shots are heard, the reporter screams and the camera man falls to the ground.
The dropped camera captures a glimpse of a man in dark clothing hold two handguns, who calmly walks away before the footage is cut off.
The woman being interviewed, Vicki Gardner, head of the SML Chamber of Commerce, was shot in the back.
They underwent surgery for their injuries.
*WARNING: VIDEO MAY BE DISTURBING TO SOME VIEWERS*
Mobile users see video here.
Both Parker and Ward were engaged to be married, Alison to another reporter and Adam to a producer at WDBJ.
The gunman has been IDed as Vester L. Flanagan, a former reporter at the station who went by the name of Bryce Williams.
Flanagan is still on the run.
Following last week's news that former Spawn character Angela is now a full-fledged part of the Marvel Universe, Newsarama reached Todd McFarlane for comment on the situation.
"Neil Gaiman and I had a resolution in our legal dispute, and as part of that they ended up with the rights of Angela," the Spawn creator told Newsarama. "Whatever Neil chooses to do with something that they own is at their complete and utter discretion."
Angela debuted in 1993's Spawn #9, written by Gaiman and illustrated by McFarlane. The character became entangled in a 10-year-long legal battle between the two creators, which was resolved with undisclosed terms in January 2012.
"The health of the industry is based upon having good stories and good characters, and a wide customer base," McFarlane said to Newsarama. "If bringing some of these characters back to the fold in a meaningful way adds to that, then it just strengthens our industry."
Cogliostro and Medieval Spawn also debuted in Spawn #9, and were also part of the dispute. Though no details have specifically been announced on the current status of those characters, Cogliostro appeared in Spawn #225, published in November 2012.
"Good stories that entertain are something that we all should applaud on any level," McFarlane said. "Whether we're doing it directly at Image Comics, or at our competition, it helps keep our industry that we love alive. I will sit back and be as interested as anyone else."
Angela is slated to make their Marvel debut in the closing pages of June's Age of Ultron #10, written by Brian Michael Bendis and illustrated by Marvel chief creative officer Joe Quesada. For months, Marvel had been promoting that Age of Ultron contained an "unguessable" surprise ending.
The character's next appearance is scheduled for Guardians of the Galaxy #5, expected for July, to be co-written by Bendis and Gaiman. Marvel declined comment on this story.
Although Adele might not be a fan, a new study suggests taking photos at a concert might help us enjoy the experience more.
The pop superstar made headlines recently when they admonished a fan for videotaping a concert — encouraging them to put away the recording device and enjoy the live experience.
"I'm really here in real life," they said to a fan apparently using a tripod-mounted video camera at a May 29 concert in Verona, Italy — a moment captured by another fan on video.
"You can enjoy it in real life rather than through your camera."
That clip has been viewed millions of times, and it highlights a relatively new dilemma we face in the smartphone era — are we taking too many pictures and not enjoying the moment enough?
The new study by a team of researchers from the University of Southern California, Yale University and the University of Pennsylvania, published in the June 6 edition of the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, actually says taking time to snap photos of experiences like concerts and vacations helps us enjoy those experiences more.
Photographers enjoyed bus trip, museum more
Over the course of nine experiments, researchers measured 2,000 participants' enjoyment of their experiences, both with and without a camera on hand.
For example, participants were asked to take a bus tour, or eat in a food court, and either take photos or not. Afterward, they were surveyed on both their enjoyment and engagement in the experience.
And in almost every case, people who took photographs reported higher levels of enjoyment, according to the American Psychological Association's report on the study.
While some think stopping for photos removes us from an experience, new research suggests it can actually help us engage. (Charles Contant/CBC) There was more tangible evidence to back up the connection between photography and engagement as well. In one experiment, participants took a self-guided tour of a museum exhibit while wearing glasses that tracked their eye movements.
Those who took photos spent more time engaging with artifacts in the exhibit than those who didn't, the researchers found.
Intention is key to enjoyment
That doesn't surprise Patricia Rockman, who is director of education and clinical services at Toronto's Centre for Mindfulness Studies. The study's findings reflect the new reality of our digital world, they said.
Patricia Rockman says engagement and intention are key to making photography part of enjoying an experience. (Centre for Mindfulness Studies) "We're very tied to technology. In fact, we can't escape it," they said.
"It's becoming integral to our experience, so then it becomes too difficult to separate direct experience from that which is tied to technology, because technology also is using the senses."
And they said our senses are in high gear on vacation or at a show.
"Something like a concert really engages the senses, obviously — particularly of hearing and sight. So the use of a recording device or taking pictures, one might immediately think is going to be distancing, but I think it's really dependent upon the intention one is bringing to the activity."
Intention is the key, according to Rockman, and enjoyment will hinge on how you're engaging with whatever you're looking at. That's a notion backed up by the new research.
For instance, if you are carefully framing a picture of someone like Adele while she's singing, or a beautiful moment in nature on a vacation, you're intending to engage with what you're looking at.
Carefully framing a picture helps us engage with what we're looking at, according to new research. (iStock) But if you're just grabbing your phone without thinking, Rockman said, your enjoyment will likely be diminished.
"Are you so gripped by having to take a picture, or be on your phone, that you don't have any choice about when to use it [or] when not to use it? That it invokes, say, so much anxiety or discomfort when you don't have it or aren't using it? I would say this is too much."
Photography can be a hindrance
And there were cases where the researchers behind the new study found photography was a hindrance.
For example, participants engaged in an arts and crafts project didn't find the experience more enjoyable when they photographed it.
And the researchers also found that enjoyment was not enhanced when the photo-taking process interfered too much with the experience — when participants had to handle unwieldy camera equipment, for example.
Which means Adele just might have been right about the fan using the tripod-mounted camera after all.
Sadio Mane has said it was their decision, not Southampton's, to reject the opportunity to join Manchester United in 2015.
Mane, 24, could have moved to United under Louis van Gaal but instead chose to continue their development under Ronald Koeman at St. Mary's, but when Jurgen Klopp and Liverpool approached them 12 months later they took the chance to move on.
"In honesty, there were some clubs interested at that time [in 2015] but I never made any choices then," they told the Sunday Telegraph. "I did not say I thought of any club and I wanted to play there. That kind of interest gave me a lot confidence on the pitch and made me believe in myself, but I knew this was because of my hard work and I was in a good way.
"Ronald Koeman was not happy with all the rumours because they wanted me to stay, but it was not too complicated because for me, also, it was not time to go. When I spoke to them I told him, 'No problem, I will stay.' It was my decision. I wanted to stay at Southampton.
"I was patient because I remember after the first year [in England] I knew it was better to focus on Southampton. In my head I thought I would be there a couple more years and prove something. I was convinced I still had to prove something, improve more and learn more before I moved to a bigger club. But then I knew when the right time was for me. The extra year helped me get better, and it is important for every player to go step by step.
"It was only when Liverpool came in [last summer] that I never had a second thought and knew I wanted to join. It was different because then was the right moment for me. I finally came to Liverpool and I was happy with that, and now I'm happy I am playing against Manchester United."
Sadio Mane joined Liverpool on a five-year deal.
The Senegal international is confident of Liverpool's chances of beating their north-west rivals and thinks this clash could be the biggest of their career so far.
"We are going to beat Manchester United," they said. "Of course. We all believe it. We are going to make it.
"Maybe this will be the biggest game I have played in. It's normal the fans and people will think this is a particular type of game.
"We know it's one of the big games of the season. It might be like El Clasico but, really, when the games start and you get on to the pitch, then you do have to treat it more like a normal game."
Follow @ESPNFC on Twitter to keep up with the latest football updates.
GREYHOUND Recycling has told its employees that it is "at war" with a rival firm, claiming that its entry into the Dublin City market has put "all our jobs at risk".
In an extraordinary memo to staff members, Greyhound describes waste firm The City Bin Co as a "very serious threat".
It is now almost a year since Greyhound took control of the capital's waste service after it was sold by Dublin City Council for an undisclosed fee.
The firm's takeover was plagued by a series of problems with whole streets experiencing a build-up of rubbish for days on end. In the internal memo -- which the Herald has seen -- details of how Greyhound expects to triumph over its new rival are laid bare.
The four-page document demands that Greyhound workers become more efficient in a bid to win back the rival firm's new customer base.
"We will win this war by (1) Providing a better service than City Bin (2) Taking their customers [and] (3) Providing excellent customer service," the document states. The first page of the memo shows an illustration of a man's head being stomped on by a boot under the headline 'Operation "Crush The Reds"'.
"City Bin Co have launched a full attack on Greyhound looking to take 5,000 customers initially," says the memo. "Their bigger aim is to get 60,000 customers from Greyhound. They have launched a major media campaign on buses, radio and outdoor adverts.
"This move puts all our jobs at risk. We are dealing with this ... very serious threat and are at war with them in many different areas." Greyhound's profile has been less than pristine since its launch but it has attempted to woo customers in recent months.
However, city councillors were infuriated last week when the Herald revealed that Greyhound had decided to charge €9 for a roll of six recycling bags.
A spokesperson for Greyhound defended the memo, which even compares its workers' placing of bins to its rival's methods.
"The memo was a reminder to our bin crews to keep on top of their game and not to be complacent in maintaining the high level of service that Greyhound provides to its customers," the spokesperson said.
The City Bin Company declined to comment.
noconnor@herald.ie
MEPs are putting more and more formal written questions to topcrats at the European Commission, with the cost of responding to them estimated to be more than 8 million euros this year.
In 2013 MEPs put 13 400 questions to the executive. Last year MEPs were distracted campaigning in the elections, and only scraped a meager 10 800 questions between them.
With one inquisitive type tabling 193 questions already this year, and many others not too far behind, this year the total is estimated to reach some 17 000.
The commission has said that replying to that many questions requires the equivalent of 76 people working full-time.
Per question, that works out at 490 euros per answer.
How do we know this?
It's all laid out in an answer to a written parliamentary question...
490 euros well-spent.BM
The Alberta government is looking at yet another pipeline option to get its oil to market should the Keystone XL or Northern Gateway pipeline proposals not come to fruition.
Calgary consulting firm Canatec Associates International Ltd. has been hired by the province to study the feasibility of moving crude from the oilsands north to a port in the Northwest Territories.
It has been estimated $30 billion a year stays locked in Alberta's oilsands because there is no way to get it to market.
TransCanada's Keystone XL pipeline to the Texas Gulf Coast still needs the approval of the U.S. State Department and President Barack Obama.
Its proposal to convert an existing pipeline to pump bitumen eastward to refineries in Quebec and New Brunswick is also controversial.
Meantime, Enbridge's pipeline proposal west to Kitimat is meeting with fierce resistance in B.C. from environmentalists and aboriginal groups.
So the Alberta government is looking at another option to build a pipeline from the oilsands up the Mackenzie River Valley to a proposed deep-water port at Tuktoyaktuk, N.W.T.
From there it would be loaded onto oil tankers and head to Asian and European markets.
"Really it speaks to the importance that access to markets has," said Pembina Institute policy analyst Nathan Lemphers.
"The industry is facing an impending bottle neck of take-away capacity. They don't have the capacity to get their product to market because pipelines are harder to build than they have been in the past," they said.
But a northern route could be just as difficult to sell as the other pipeline options on the table, they added.
Northwest Territories Premier Bob McLeod has said they are interested in a northern pipeline.
McLeod recently completed a power-devolution deal with Ottawa that could make the project even more attractive for the N.W.T.
Doug Matthews, an Alberta energy writer who worked for the N.W.T. government on resource issues for 25 years, said the proposed pipeline would need to accommodate at least 500,000 barrels a day to be feasible.
"Such a line of course, and given that it would be shipping bitumen I would think primarily, is going to attract an awful lot of environmental opposition," they said.
But Matthews said most northerners, keen to develop their own natural resources, would be supportive.
"There's no reason why N.W.T. resources couldn't link into that pipe," they said.
Getting the pipeline built would only be one part of the equation, Matthews said.
"The port itself is relatively undeveloped right now in terms of tankers. It's never been used for that other than barge loading and off-loading," they said.
"You would need some fairly significant dredging in order to allow the larger tankers to come in and load up, or run a pipe from the coastline farther offshore to the deeper waters," they said.
Technical and financial hurdles
According to Bob Page, director of the Enbridge Centre for Corporate Sustainability at the University of Calgary's Haskayne School of Business, building a pipeline on Arctic terrain presents enormous technical and financial challenges.
University of Calgary business professor Bob Page says building a pipeline north from Alberta's oilsands would be very challenging and costly. (CBC)
Moving viscous heavy crude oil requires a heated pipeline, they said.
"And the thermal shadow around that pipeline tends to melt the permafrost, so if you don't elevate it then you've got to do special design specifications," they said.
Getting around and sometimes under the powerful Mackenzie River — with its massive spring ice scour — would be another major hurdle, they said.
"You can do it technically, but it does add cost, and we have very high cost product to begin with that we're trying to get to [the] world market. So the transportation cost becomes significant in terms of the overall competitive viability of it," they said.
[Editor's note, Nov 19 2016: This article has recently started to be shared again on Twitter. It is four years old and the information is out of date. The situation was resolved, the Quick Kill Bill is dead. This article remains for archival purposes only.]
Though the ASPCA gives the occasional glimmer of hope, recent events remind me that they remain mired in a killing mentality and seek to preserve the status quo in sheltering, even fighting to expand the power of shelters to kill at will.
Recently the ASPCA suckered convinced NYS Assemblywoman Amy Paulin to introduce their pseudo-shelter reform legislation. Embarrassed by the outcry in favor of Oreo's Law (now CAARA), they immediately scrambled to write their own shelter reform law – one that they could claim made a difference for the better in the lives of NY animals while actually quietly blocking actual reform and expanding NY shelters' power to kill.
The ASPCA co-opts meaningful shelter reform legislation largely by copying it but then including weasel words like substituting “may” for “shall”. So instead of requiring shelters to work with outside rescue groups, it simply says that they can if they choose to. Other meaningful reforms, like requiring shelters to scan for microchips, post found animals online, and make an effort to match lost and found animals are scuttled by including an exception if the shelter does not find it “practicable” to do so. Well, given the choice, they won't find it practicable, which is why we need legislation that mandates it.
Most destructively and unbelievably, the ASPCA written legislation contains a clause that would, for all practical purposes, eliminate the legally mandated holding period for stray animals by allowing shelters to kill any animal who they found to be in “psychological pain”. This is nothing less than a declaration of war on feral cats, scared dogs, or any animal that found themselves scared and confused upon being brought into the chaotic shelter environment – or any animal they simply wanted to find a flimsy excuse to kill. Animals judged by laypeople with no training whatsoever to be in “psychological pain” could be killed instantly on admission to the shelter and bypass the legally required holding period to give their owners the chance to find them.
New Yorkers, we need your help – quickly. This bill, known as New York Assembly Bill A05449A, will face its first committee vote on Wednesday, February 15th. We haven't much time. The first thing we need to do is to tell our elected officials that we will not tolerate an ASPCA encouraged increase in shelter killing in New York State.
Please visit New York State Assemblywoman Amy Paulin's Facebook page and leave them a polite, personal comment asking them to withdraw their bill, A05449A, from consideration. Asw. Paulin is up for re-election in November and wants to be a champion of animals in New York State, and they probably would not want to risk their re-election on being dubbed Amy “Quick Kill” Paulin. You might also consider sending them a message on Twitter, although they appear to use that less. Also drop an email to ASPCA President and CEO Ed Sayres and ASPCA Board President Mary Jo White and let them know what you think of their organization's legislation. Then visit the following four links to email key legislators to send them your thoughts:
Link 1
Link 2
Link 3
Link 4
Keep in mind that although you can use the text that's been written for you, a heartfelt personal note always goes a long way.
Finally, support REAL change in the form of CAARA, which mandates REAL reform instead of making it optional. CAARA is trying to get the support of NYS Senator Patty Richie, Chair of the Senate Agricultural Committee, and their support would really help move the bill forward. Email them here and ask them to support this lifesaving effort – and you can read more about CAARA here and read the complete text of the bill here. New York's animals deserve better than the deadly slight of hand of the ASPCA Quick Kill. They deserve the lifesaving provisions of CAARA.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Michael Brantley might only appear in minor-league games for the duration of the Indians' stay in Arizona.
The Indians will have further conversations in the coming days to establish a plan for the left fielder, who is on the mend following November shoulder surgery.
"We've talked to Brantley about it," manager Terry Francona told reporters Thursday. "We'll keep that in consideration."
Friday marks the cutoff date for retroactive disabled list stints. If Brantley is to begin the year on the DL, the Indians can back up the start date if they stay away from the big league field. That would make them eligible to return toward the end of the first week of the regular season. If Brantley were to appear in a big-league spring training game after Friday -- and they will not be in Friday's lineup -- then that would push back their disabled list stint, should they need one.
Francona said "it's possible" that Brantley plays only in minor-league games from here on out. Either way, the manager said they are encouraged by Brantley's progress. The 28-year-old was initially expected to miss at least the first month of the regular season.
To this point, Brantley has appeared in two games with the Tribe and in one minor-league game. They have rested their shoulder since they played in Monday's contest.
"He wasn't bouncing back quite as well," Francona said. "I'm not really sure we expected them to be pushing it this much, this quick.
"He's so far ahead of schedule that it's kind of silly."
Testing, testing: Francona said Lonnie Chisenhall, who was dealing with forearm soreness, is "ready to go." Francona opted to start a largely right-handed lineup for Thursday's contest.
Turning heads: Francona was impressed by Tyler Naquin's power display on Wednesday. The center fielder belted a pair of home runs, albeit on a windy afternoon in the desert.
"I had never seen them take two swings like that," Francona said. "That was fun to watch. I know spring training isn't the regular season. I get all that. It's still nice to see a kid take a swing [like those]. It's nice to know [he] can do that. I think you're seeing a kid playing with confidence. It is different when the season starts, but you ask guys to put your best foot forward. I'm not sure what else they could do."
In an effort to seize an Opening Day roster spot, Naquin is batting .447 with a 1.342 OPS and eight extra-base hits in 38 at-bats this spring.
"When we sat them down in our one-on-ones," Francona said, "we said, 'Hey, you're at that point now. Go compete.' They have out-competed everybody."
How Tyler Naquin added muscle over the winter
On the docket: The Indians and Dodgers will square off at Goodyear Ballpark on Thursday evening. The game will air MLB Network. Trevor Bauer will start for the Tribe. Here is the Indians' lineup:
CF Rajai Davis
2B Jason Kipnis
SS Francisco Lindor
1B Mike Napoli
DH Marlon Byrd
3B Juan Uribe
LF Joey Butler
RF Collin Cowgill
C Roberto Perez
ZENICA Bosnia (Reuters) - Five Bosnian miners were confirmed dead on Friday, a day after an earthquake triggered a collapse at the Raspotocje mine, as emergency teams helped 29 others to the surface.
Coal miners carry out a fellow miner who was injured while they were trapped in Raspotocje coal mine in Zenica, September 5, 2014. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic
The manager of the mine, Esad Civic, said a total of 34 miners had been trapped 500 meters (1,600 feet) below ground by Thursday's rock burst.
“The mining accident in the Raspotocje pit is a huge tragedy for all of Bosnia and Herzegovina. We lost five lives, unfortunately,” Nermin Niksic, the prime minister of Bosnia's autonomous Bosniak-Croat federation, told the Fena news agency.
Survivors had earlier reported seeing four bodies in a still-inaccessible underground passage.
Thursday's 3.5-magnitude earthquake near the central Bosnian town of Zenica caused rocks in the nearby mine to fracture explosively, officials said.
Thirty-nine miners died in a rock burst in Raspotocje in 1982, and Civic said two previous rock bursts at the mine this year had injured 16.
Dozens of relatives waited anxiously inside the rundown socialist-era complex for news of their loved ones.
“We are so worried,” 12-year-old Maida Isakovic said through tears before their father Fejzo was named as one of the dead.
Some relatives criticized the mine management, particularly for saying initially that only eight people were trapped.
Several miners with faces blackened by coal dust were stretchered to emergency vehicles as soon as they came to the surface, while others were able to walk unaided.
Dzenan Hodzic, spokesperson for the local hospital, said 26 miners had been admitted to the hospital and another two to a local emergency ward. “None of them has life-threatening injuries,” they said.
Raspotocje produces coal for Bosnia's largest power utility, EPBiH, and employs 430 miners.
Civic said it had been one of the best equipped mines in the region before the collapse of Yugoslavia in the 1990s, but had been damaged by shelling in the Bosnian war and had not been substantially upgraded since.
In 2009, the Federation government merged seven coal mines, including Raspotocje, with EPBiH to supply its coal-fired plants, and the utility pledged to invest more than 200 million Bosnian marka ($133.5 million) over five years to improve working conditions.
It has so far spent 140 million marka, but Raspotocje has seen little of that.
Last Sunday, almost to the hour, Eddie Gamboa lost a no-hitter on the eighth inning to an infield single.
They spoke candidly about narrowly missing out on a piece of history, saying they were aiming for a perfect game that had slipped away much earlier in the game.
That makes their latest gem that much sweeter.
The 28-year-old converted knuckleballer struck out five batters in tossing Double-A Bowie's first no-hitter in six years as the Baysox beat the Harrisburg Senators, 7-0, in the first game of a doubleheader.
"You shoot for perfection and if you don't get it, you're still up there," said Gamboa. "Every pitcher that goes up there tries for that. You step on the mound and you go for a perfect game.
"No matter what level you're at, a no-hitter is a difficult thing to do. I'm very excited and grateful to have this moment with the Bowie Baysox for everybody on the field."
Radhames Liz struck out eight batters in Bowie's last no-no, a nine-inning outing against Harrisburg on June 1, 2007.
Gamboa threw 58 of 103 pitches for strikes, relying on a new knuckleball grip to the one they had used the past two times they had faced the Senators.
"I used to really grip it deep in my hand, now I'm loose on it, just on my fingertips," said Gamboa, who was hesitant in calling their feat "legit" due to the seven-inning nature of the accomplishment. "It has been good and consistent and it has been moving. My biggest worry is always that it won't move at all. I don't want to go up there and just throw BP."
Gamboa was quick to praise their defense, which handled eight ground-ball outs and four more through the air.
"Shortstop Niuman Romero made a great backhand play [in the sixth inning] and first baseman Seth Loman really wore one. It took a bad hop, but instead of olé-ing it, they got down like a catcher and they made a great play.
"There were no crazy diving plays, but everyone hustled."
Gamboa (4-5) estimated they used their revised knuckleball around 75 percent of the time on Sunday against Harrisburg, a club they have faced three times in June alone.
In three of their past four games, Gamboa has kept their opponents off the board. They have allowed six runs -- all in a loss to Harrisburg on June 18 -- over their previous 28 1/3 innings.
"This is a team that has hit me very well the last couple outings," Gamboa said. "They know me as well as I know them, but I've been playing with a different grip, so that might have thrown them off.
"They know me a guy that gets ahead with conventional stuff and then throws a knuckleball. Now I'm throwing it in any count."
That alone pleased Gamboa's mentor, Phil Niekro, who probably would be pleased to hear that the UC Davis product threw only knuckleballs in the final inning as the rain intensified.
"It's not every day that you get a call from a Hall of Famer," Gamboa said of Niekro, who reached out to the Orioles farmhand after hearing of their outing. "He has been working with me a lot and I wouldn't be throwing the knuckleball without him.
"He told me congratulations and they said they were proud of me. They were excited for me and they told me to keep throwing it. Last week, I had a 1-0 lead and I threw a 3-1 fastball because I was more concerned about the win than the no-hitter. Today I had a cushion and threw 3-1 knuckleballs."
Bowie third baseman Garabez Rosa smacked a first-inning grand slam, left fielder Nolan Reimold added a solo shot in the fifth and Loman plated two runs in the win.
Harrisburg starter Paul Demny (5-6) allowed six runs on three hits and four runs over two-thirds of an inning.
OTTAWA - Given their history, Zack Kassian knew it was going to be "one strike and you're out" with the Montreal Canadiens.
But the 25-year-old forward said he's learned from their mistakes. He's thankful for a chance at redemption with the Edmonton Oilers and is comfortable with the reality this is likely their last chance in the NHL.
Kassian broke their nose and their left foot when the vehicle in which they were a passenger hit a tree in an early-morning car crash in Montreal on the eve of the regular season. They were suspended and placed in Stage 2 of the Substance Abuse and Behavioral Health Program (SABH) of the NHL and the NHLPA.
Kassian said Canadiens general manager Marc Bergevin made their position clear after acquiring Kassian and a fifth-round pick in the 2016 NHL Draft from the Vancouver Canucks in exchange for forward Brandon Prust on July 1, 2015.
Asked if Bergevin told them it was "one strike and you're out" Kassian replied: "Yes. Me and Marc had a great conversation in the summer. That was basically what they said. Sadly, I screwed up but I'll take it on the chin. If I could go back, I'd go back.
"I think it has really made the person I am today from that mistake. I'm just grateful for the opportunity the Edmonton Oilers gave me and I want to thank Marc, obviously for getting me out of Montreal. They could have done a lot of other options. I have no hard feelings. If anything, it's all on me."
Video: EDM@OTT: Kassian slaps goal between Hammond's legs
Kassian completed Stage 2 of the NHL/NHLPA program in December and, after clearing waivers, was traded to the Oilers on Dec. 28 for goaltender Ben Scrivens.
Kassian, a first-round pick (No. 13) by the Buffalo Sabres in 2009, has a goal, two assists and 18 penalty minutes in seven games with the Oilers.
The 6-foot-3, 217-pound forward gives the skilled Oilers forwards a burly complement.
 They are treating their opportunity with the Oilers as their last chance in the NHL.
"Yeah, most definitely. That's no secret," they said. "I've obviously run out of lives here. I'm fine with that. The past is the past. I'm happy to be here. I'm really going to take advantage of it."
The Oilers play the Canadiens on Saturday at the Bell Centre.
Kassian said they realize they left Bergevin with no choice but to do what they did.
"When a GM sits you down and says, 'You're going to get one chance with me,' he's going to stick to their word," they said. "He's a man of their word. I respect Marc. That's the way it was.
"Sadly, that was the situation I had to be put in to learn from. I'm very grateful for the opportunity to get back to the NHL. I just want to kind of put my past behind me and show the new me."
Get a sneak peak of the upcoming Dark Souls comic from Titan Comics
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter
Prior to the launch of Dark Souls 3 for the PS4, Xbox One and PC, is the Dark Souls original comic being launched by Titan Comics. Penned by George Mann (Doctor Who) and drawn by Alan Quah (Orphan Black), the Dark Souls comic will for the first time, tell the tale of the Dark Souls universe in an original story.
Set to release on April 6, 2016, the first issue of theDark Souls comic will be a 32-page issue and will retail for $3.99. A welcome addition to Dark Souls fans, such as my self and I can't wait to get to read the entire series. And you have to admit, it would be breath of fresh air to get an actual story, instead of piecing together the story in-game and an original story would be very interesting. We've not sure on what angle they're approaching with the comic or even which game they'll be focusing on, or if they even focus on any content we've seen before.
But for now, this sneak peak will have to do. Be sure to check out your local comic book shop to see if they'll be carrying this comic and if not, bug the heck out of them until they do.
INTERNET OF THINGS
Amazon Key Is a New Service That Lets Couriers Unlock Your Front Door
Ben Popper | The Verge
“When a courier arrives with a package for in-home delivery, they scan the barcode, sending a request to Amazon's cloud. If everything checks out, the cloud grants permission by sending a message back to the camera, which starts recording. The courier then gets a prompt on their app, swipes the screen, and voilà, your door unlocks.”
ROBOTICS
Watch Yamaha's Humanoid Robot Ride a Motorcycle Around a Racetrack
Philip E. Ross | IEEE Spectrum
“What's striking is that the bike is unmodified: the robot is a hunched-over form on top. It senses the environment, calculates what to do, keeps the bike stable, manages acceleration and deceleration—all while factoring in road conditions, air resistance, and engine braking.”
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE
Tech Giants Are Paying Huge Salaries for Scarce A.I. Talent
Cade Metz | The New York Times
“Typical A.I. specialists, including both Ph.D.s fresh out of school and people with less education and just a few years of experience, can be paid from $300,000 to $500,000 a year or more in salary and company stock, according to nine people who work for major tech companies or have entertained job offers from them. All of them requested anonymity because they did not want to damage their professional prospects.”
HEALTH
This Doctor Diagnosed Their Own Cancer With an iPhone Ultrasound
Antonio Regalado | MIT Technology Review
“The device they used, called the Butterfly IQ, is the first solid-state ultrasound machine to reach the market in the U.S. Ultrasound works by shooting sound into the body and capturing the echoes. Usually, the sound waves are generated by a vibrating crystal. But Butterfly's machine instead uses 9,000 tiny drums etched onto a semiconductor chip.”
ENTREPRENEURSHIP
WeWork: A $20 Billion Startup Fueled by Silicon Valley Pixie Dust
Eliot Brown | Wall Street Journal
“WeWork's strategy carries the costs and risks associated with traditional real estate. Its client list is heavily weighted toward startups that may or may not be around for long. WeWork is on the hook for long-term leases, and it doesn't own its own buildings. Vacancy rates have risen recently, and the company is increasing incentives to draw tenants… The model has proved popular, with 150,000 individuals renting space in more than 170 locations globally.”
Image Credit: NIKITA TV / Shutterstock.com
The world has been blue with mourning since learning of Prince's passing Thursday, but now cities around the U.S. are lighting up purple to honor the late musician.
Bridges in the pop star's home state of Minnesota, where they died at their Paisley Park estate at age 57, "reigned" purple in tribute.
Bridges were also lit up purple in other parts of the country.
SEE ALSO: Prince dies at 57
The Hi-Level Bridge at the Waterfront turned purple in honor of #Prince pic.twitter.com/brSG8xV4g8 — WTAE-TV Pittsburgh (@WTAE) April 22, 2016
Looks like the RJ Corman Bridge in Clarksville is lit up purple tonight in honor of the late and great Prince pic.twitter.com/98qzmB01uM — Clarksville Now (@clarksvillenow) April 22, 2016
The Superdome in New Orleans was lit purple, as well, just as it was when Prince performed there in 2014.
Moments ago in New Orleans where the Superdome is lit up in purple to honor Prince https://t.co/Dspoybo1Ft pic.twitter.com/yn60EudIpe — CNN Tonight (@CNNTonight) April 22, 2016
City halls in Baltimore, San Francisco and Los Angeles also honored Prince.
A purple City Hall dome to honor a brilliant artist. #Prince pic.twitter.com/KdhyovfPdx — Mayor Rawlings-Blake (@MayorSRB) April 22, 2016
Celebrating Prince at San Francisco's city hall, lit up purple for them pic.twitter.com/nMcT4b1bo6 — Sbacon1999 (@sbacon1999) April 22, 2016
As well as buildings from Los Angeles to Chicago.
Tonight we honor The Purple One. pic.twitter.com/8cR5k6ABHr — The Forum (@theforum) April 22, 2016
Chicago skyline lights up in purple tonight to honor the memory of Prince. pic.twitter.com/Xc8lPlXSfW — WGN TV News (@WGNNews) April 22, 2016
As has become commonplace in the wake of tragedy, doctored photos purported that the Eiffel Tower, Empire State Building and other iconic monuments had been lit up in purple but, alas, they were not.
Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments.
Check out our website for all our previous episodes!
Like everybody else, we were surprised to hear Paula Martinez and Gabe Wardell had left the 48 Hour Film Project after so many years. It left us curious as to who would take the helm of the Project and what it would mean for it going forward.
We honestly were NOT surprised when Indie Film Loop's Deontae Trundle was picked to become the new Atlanta Producer as the selection makes a lot of sense. But what do they have in store for the 48? How will it work with IFL? Find out in our exclusive interview with Deontae in this episode!
Missed an episode? Grab all of the previous shows here!
ANNOUNCEMENTS MENTIONED IN THE EPISODE
Film Bar Monday tonight (4/24) we're at Mac Magee's. Next week (5/1) we're at The Independent. Check http://filmbarmondays.com for all dates and locations!
Chuck is shooting a pilot! "More Than a Game" is a reality show about the competitors in the pro gaming world. When they're not competing for millions of dollars they have jobs, school, plus friends and family to see, and they struggle to balance these two worlds. We're raising funds for meals for our crew and talent. If you can throw us a few dollars (or more) we would greatly appreciate it!
Actors, do you need taping services in Atlanta? Head to Frat Pack Productions! Are you auditioning for a show like The Walking Dead or Stranger Things? Tape with actors from those shows or similar projects instead of just getting shoved into an empty room and left to your own devices. Plus, they're open 7 days a week!
Make sure to check out the great local project "The Red Cape" - a short drama from local producer Brendon Murphy. A young black boy and their father struggle to survive the 1898 Wilmington Race Riot - the only proven violent overthrow of a government in US History. Follow the project at facebook.com/RedCapeMovie!
WHERE TO FIND THE EPISODE
Grab it on iTunes
Find us on Google Play Music
Listen on Stitcher
Watch us and lots of other great Atlanta content on Roku via Peachflicks
Download directly
Listen here:
Image via Flickr users BriYYZ and Stephen Dann
Finnair flight AY666 took off from Copenhagen and landed in HEL (Helsinki Airport) on Friday afternoon, making it the most metal flight ever to grace the skies since that dude spent 11 hours on an airplane covered in blood.
And Friday, of course, is January 13, which—besides being the anniversary of a very different and significantly more heroic airplane story—is Satan's birthday, since Beelzebub obviously exists in a different temporal plane and has birthdays a few times a year or whatever. According to the Daily Mail, the Finnair jet also happens to be 13 years old.
Finland, where the flight landed, doesn't have the kind of renowned black-metal history like its neighbors over in Norway, but even Obama knows that the country's metal scene is huge.
Did Flight 666 play Beherit over the in-flight speakers for the entire hour-and-a-half flight? Was it escorted to the gates of HEL by a swarm of demonic flies? Who were the lucky passengers to be seated in row 13?
Put on the song "Hate" by Finnish metal band Impaled Nazarene and marvel at all the endless joke possibilities. Happy Friday the 13th, everybody.
As first reported by JayhawkSlant and confirmed by a number of other outlets, Texas A&M wide receivers coach David Beaty will be the new head coach at Kansas.
Beaty is the name many coaches suggested to us back on November 2. “Beaty is extremely familiar with KU from their multiple prior stints there and knows the recruiting landscape in Texas, Kansas and Missouri about as well as anyone out there,” we wrote at the time. “Several guys told me he'd be a no-brainer finalist if they were doing the hiring.”
The respective departures of Nebraska and Missouri from the Big 12 create a void in the conference for mining underrated recruits out of Texas, and Beaty is the perfect coach to do just that. Kansas' best teams under Mark Mangino were led by Texans like Todd Reesing, Dezmon Briscoe and Aqib Talib, and Gary Pinkel built their Big 12 North champion Missouri-teams with Texas products like Chase Daniel, Sean Weatherspoon and Danario Alexander, among others. A former coach at several Metroplex high schools from 1994-2005, Beaty was named DFW area high school coaches' favorite recruiter in a recent survey.
Beaty broke into college football as the wide receivers coach and passing game on Todd Graham's staff at Rice in 2006, and spent time as a KU assistant in 2008-09 and 2011. Beaty spent the past three seasons as wide receivers coach at Texas A&M, and has been a finalist for our Wide Receivers Coach of the Year award for two years running.
In short, this is a move that makes a lot of sense for both sides. Kansas needs players and needs someone to rejuvenate its fan base after going 11-41 in five combined seasons under Turner Gill and Charlie Weis. Beaty, as they say, checks both boxes.
Beaty is the sixth coach to be hired in the 2014-15 coaching cycle, following Jim McElwain (Florida), Mike Riley (Nebraska), Chad Morris (SMU), Lance Leipold (Buffalo) and Neal Brown (Troy). Michigan, Oregon State, Colorado State, Tulsa and UNLV remain open at this time.
As always, check in at The Scoop for the latest.
A social media strategy that has replaced the official names of some federal departments on their Facebook pages with slogans has an Ottawa public affairs digital strategist puzzled.
The changes are part of a move to consolidate the social media presence of several government departments under “thematic pages” on the social media site that combine posts under general, broad-based ideas.
But when Environment Canada's Facebook page last week was rebranded with the ambiguous Conserve, Restore, and Connect with Nature, it was met with near universal disapproval by commenters who had linked to the page.
“I cannot understand the theme-based shift, I really can't,” Mark Blevis, a digital public affairs strategist with Full Duplex, said on the weekend.
“If you start to harmonize a whole whack of unrelated services or loosely connected services, you are only going to serve to confuse the public,” said Blevis. “One of the great strengths of social media is very specific niche communities. It's not a big huge cluster of disconnected ideas.”
According to Environment Canada, the change is a result of the government's web renewal initiative to consolidate 1,500 government departments onto the canada.ca website by the end of next year.
“Environment Canada is a theme-led department, responsible for the Environment and Natural Resources theme on canada.ca. The changes to Facebook are reflective of a theme approach rather than a departmental approach,” wrote Environment Canada spokesperson Jirina Vlk in an email.
Environment Canada will continue posting content on the newly named Facebook page but will be “working more closely” with 17 other “environment and natural resources theme” partners to include their content, according to Vlk. Those departments include the Department of Fisheries and Oceans, Natural Resources Canada, Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada and Public Works and Government Services Canada.
Environment Canada is one of five Facebook rebrands for the federal government, which has also made similar changes to Foreign Affairs and International Trade, Transport Canada, Canadian Business Network and Citizenship and Immigration Canada. The Facebook accounts have been changed in both English and French.
Foreign Affairs and International Trade was rebranded in May as Canada and the World and features links about results from the Pan Am games, international trade and foreign policy all side-by-side. Transport Canada's new name is Transportation and Building Communities.
“Web renewal is user-centric initiative and as such advice was given to ensure that the departmental accounts were intuitive and aligned with user needs,” wrote spokesperson Diana Khaddaj from the Department of Foreign Affairs.
“This enables the content to reach broader audiences in Canada and around the world, and to make information available on social media channels more user-centric and easier to access.”
A sixth department, Health Canada, also appears to make posts as part of a group called Healthy Canadians.
The government expects three more Facebook accounts to undergo a similar transformation, according to Marie-France Faucher with Employment and Social Development Canada. The changes won't extend to the Facebook pages of all government departments, and the changes won't be reflected in the official names of the government departments outside of social media.
Blevis believes the approach of clustering broad themes together is problematic.
“There's natural change and there is good change and then there is crazy change,” said Blevis. “It's confusing. It's trying to turn a government department into an action-based community. I think it is trying to be the hip social media destination that other social media destinations are that government usually is not.”
Complicating matters is that the changes are happening in the lead-up to an election, Blevis said, prompting complaints from users that it is an election ploy to paint the Conservative government in a positive light.
When the administrator of the Conserve, Restore, and Connect with Nature group asked visitors what they thought of the new name, the reaction was overwhelmingly negative.
“Please change back to Environment Canada. This new name is a real mouthful, and needs to be disposed of,” posted Matt Williams.
“I absolutely don't like the new name. What was wrong with the actual name of the department, and presenting actual information about and by the department? People want information on policy, not just weather and pretty pictures. Please rethink this ‘theme account' idea,” added Gabriela Rappell.
Some suggested the new name was “meaningless”, a “tepid piece of propaganda” and a “terrible idea”, while others took the opportunity to attack the Conservative government's record on the environment.
“A government agency that does little to conserve or restore the environment changes their Facebook page to gloss over their record on the environment,” posted Jim Ross. “Canadians dislike being deceived, particularly when it is a blatant attempt to candy coat government activities prior to an election.”
Blevis said replacing Environment Canada with “aspirational” words that evoke “happy feelings” was bound to result in a backlash.
“This is politics, this is government, and if you read the comments, people are sniffing it out and seeing through it,” they said. “When you think about Environment Canada, we don't think about those terms.”
Ottawa Centre MP and NDP foreign affairs critic Paul Dewar said the new Canada and the World page was “banal” and did little to foster any sort of real discussion of Canada's foreign policy objectives.
“It would appear that they are only pushing out this idea of Canada in the world, everything is happy and lovely,” said Dewar.
Department of Foreign Affairs spokesperson Khaddaj said the Facebook page used to focus on posts related to the department, but now “aggregates and promotes content across a wide range of topics that concern Canada's international initiative, policies and activities.”
Khaddaj said that can include content related to Canada's Embassies abroad, foreign policy, trade, development, consular or partners such as Veteran's Affairs, DND and/or military operations around the world. It also includes information of events of international significance for Canada, whether they occur in Canada or around the world.
Dewar said the government also appeared to “hollow out” any reference to big issues on the environment or climate change and the government's role in dealing with it on the Environment Canada Facebook page.
“We've seen them hollow out the budget of the department of environment and now what we are seeing is that they are whitewashing their public billboard, if you will, their Facebook and social media,” said Dewar. “Conserve the environment sounds like something you would have heard in the 1950s, not 2015.”
aseymour@ottawacitizen.com
Twitter.com/andrew_seymour
A normal Clojure REPL (or prompt) in a terminal window is by default a bit touchy about infinite seqs, deeply nested structures, and long-running operations. Any of these can cause your REPL to wander off into the weeds, busy spinning, perhaps printing pages of useless data, with the only apparent remedy being to press CTRL-C, which generally kills the entire JVM, Clojure and all, and dumps you back at your operating system prompt.
It's unfortunate that this is the default, but Clojure's youth shows particularly when it comes to tools and settings like this. Happily it's sufficiently mature to provide several solutions that are not difficult to apply.
Run-away trains The most common of the problems listed above is the infinite seq. Such a seq is easy to create, easy to print, and can result in an run-away REPL. The solution: setting your *print-length* to something short of infinity. I recommend 103: (set! *print-length* 103) Now it's safe to print infinite sequences: (iterate inc 0) ;=> (0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 100 101 102 ...) Note the ... at the end of the list which indicates there was more to print, but Clojure is respecting our requested limit and giving up after 103 items. I've been mocked upon occasion for choosing 103, as if 102 is insufficient and 104 dangerous. Of course it's not so important exactly what you pick, so I'm happy to keep my rationale to myself.
Run-away onions But *print-length* won't help you in the case of infinitely recursive structures, data nested inside data like layers of an onion. While less common, such nesting can be deep enough that it can still be a problem. To limit printing of recursive structures, use *print-level* . Usually 15 is about right for me: (set! *print-level* 15) Now it's safe to print infinitely recursive structures: (let [x (atom 0)] (reset! x {:deeper x})) ;=> {:deeper #<Atom@4cb533b8: {:deeper #<Atom@4cb533b8: {:deeper #<Atom@4cb533b8: {:deeper #<Atom@4cb533b8: {:deeper #<Atom@4cb533b8: {:deeper #<Atom@4cb533b8: {:deeper #<Atom@4cb533b8: {:deeper #}>}>}>}>}>}>}>} Again you get a little textual indicator that print is giving up, in this case it's just the # at the deepest level.
Food activists are nowadays busy denouncing the alleged unsustainability of our food system—or as they describe it, our genetically modified “corn-utopia.” Though this system might provide plentiful and cheap “nutritional simulacra,” it is, they claim, soaking up a rapidly vanishing petroleum pool while delivering junk food, rural poverty, agricultural pollution, soaring cancer rates, and unnatural mutations. They further claim that the way out of this wasteland is a carbon-fuel detoxification diet known as “locavorism” through which we will produce an ever-increasing portion of our food supply closer to where we live rather than importing it from further away. In doing so, we will simultaneously heal the planet, create jobs, ensure a more reliable and nutritious food supply, and improve physical, spiritual, and societal health.
If only this were true. To be certain, the people who buy into the romantic idea of locavorism are well meaning. However, it is vital that we step back and take a critical look at this popular movement, starting with the five most-dangerous myths of the locavore philosophy.
Myth No. 1: Locavorism improves social capital.
Locavores argue that purchasing as much of one's food as possible from “beyond the barcode” rather than from “brand bullies” improves a community's social capital as consumers come to know personally how, where, and by whom their food is grown. They seem to be unaware that the development of food brands and grades was largely motivated by the need to assure customers that their purchases had not been adulterated (say, by adding water to milk, or grain filler to ground beef) and that, by contrast, a not-insignificant number of small operators at farmers' markets have turned out to be resellers who peddle distant and conventional products under false pretences (“organic and local”) because they know they can get away with it.
While in lauding community interconnectedness locavores find no redeeming qualities in wholesalers and retailers, recurring problems with direct farmer-to-consumer delivery schemes known as community-supported agriculture (CSA) remind us of the usefulness of middlemen. In CSA, consumers must make advanced seasonal purchases to be picked up at (often inconvenient) times and locations of the farmer's choosing, or else the food gets donated to charity. Consumers must further “share the risk” of agricultural production by accepting whatever is sent their way, which in practice can mean pest- or weather-damaged produce or inconsistent volume. When the kids are gone for a few days or extra guests show up, participants must either throw produce away (or compost it) or make additional purchases at the local grocery store. Gathering, inspecting, sorting, packaging, and delivering food items where and when they are sought after, it turns out, is actually a service worth paying for, because it reduces waste and ultimately saves consumers more money than direct relationships with producers.
Local food initiatives that result in higher grocery bills, inconvenient pickup arrangements, and less selection in terms of processed food ultimately leave consumers with less money and time to build local social capital in other ways.
Myth No. 2: Locavorism delivers a free economic lunch.
Long-distance trade historically has allowed producers the world over the opportunity to specialize in the crops and livestock for which their local area is best suited, resulting in significant improvements in the volume, quality, and affordability of global food production. But local food activists bemoan the fact that purchasing nonlocal items benefits the distant headquarters of large retailers, shipping companies, and mega-corporate farms, whereas money spent on local products would create more hometown jobs as nearby farmers patronize local businesses.
Purchasing more-expensive local items, however, leaves less money in peoples' pockets. Other producers of other products suffer lower sales as a result. Consumers may have fewer resources available to purchase goods and services other than food made wholly or partly in the locavores' community. Higher prices always and everywhere mean greater poverty and a lower standard of living for all.
Locavores are further oblivious to the fact that no sustained economic development has ever occurred without significant urbanization, for cities provide a host of economic benefits ranging from a transportation hub to a wide array of suppliers and skills. Urban agglomerations have also always been essential for agricultural advances by offering large and concentrated markets for rural goods. Unfortunately for locavores, as Plato observed in their Republic over two millennia ago, to find a city “where nothing need be imported” has long been “impossible.” If adopted on a large scale, locavorism can only re-create the misery inherent to subsistence agriculture.
Myth No. 3: Locavorism is greener.
Because locally produced food travels a shorter distance between production sites and consumer plates, activists tell us that greenhouse-gas emissions are lower than when we import items from more-distant areas.
Several rigorous studies have shown, however, that “food miles” are not a valid environmental indicator. In the United States, the long distance transportation of foodstuffs is approximately one twentieth as significant in terms of environmental impact as food production itself (from planting the seeds to drying the crops). In this context, producing food in the most suitable locations and delivering it over long distances, especially by highly energy-efficient container ships, is much greener than growing vegetables or manufacturing dairy products near final consumers when these operations require energy-guzzling heated greenhouses instead of natural heat, massive amounts of irrigation water rather than abundant rainfall, and large volumes of animal feed to make up for less productive pastureland.
In the last century and a half, concentrating agricultural production in the world's best locations has allowed much low-quality agricultural land to revert to a forested state; while the increasing concentration of people in cities has reduced our disturbance of wild areas.
Myth No. 4: Locavorism increases food security.
Locavorism, we are told, makes us more food secure in times of wars and economic crisis, and more-diversified arrays of local products are less likely to succumb to diseases than export-oriented monocultures. As a strategy to reduce risk, however, locavorism essentially amounts to putting all of a community's food-security eggs in one regional basket as opposed to relying on multiple distant suppliers. As such, it actually increases risk, whatever the problematic situation may be.
For instance, if military hostilities are looming, nothing prevents a country from stockpiling large quantities of food and agricultural inputs purchased on the international market while ramping up local production. By contrast, promoting local autarky in peaceful times exposes local population to a range of potential agricultural calamities caused by everything from floods and droughts to omnivorous pests and diseases that can affect a broad range of livestock. Historically, the integration of agricultural markets was an essential prerequisite to the gradual eradication of famine as the inhabitants of regions that had experienced bad years became increasingly able to tap into the surplus of those that had good ones. Furthermore, highly productive monocultures provide the means to support the work of specialists who can rely on the whole globe to find solutions to specific local problems (say, when the solution to a fungus problem in banana production in Central America is found in New Guinea).
True, some export-oriented monocultures will eventually go the way of abandoned mines and the horse-carriage industry. This outcome, however, can only be an existential threat in the absence of broader economic development, scientific and technological advances, trade, and labor mobility. The true key to food security is to ensure that as many resources as possible are invested in the development of the profitable activities of tomorrow rather than squandered in a vain attempt to cling to those of yesterday.
Some locavores also argue that the imminent peak of our supply of “cheap petroleum” will force us to adopt their prescription. Mistaken doomsday forecasts about carbon-fuel availability, however, have been proven wrong for more than a century and a half while technological advances in the exploitation of oil sands and shale oil and gas deposits have once again put those fears to rest. Furthermore, locavores forget that it was relatively inefficient and expensive coal-powered railroads and steamships that paved the way to our modern globalized food-supply chain and that we have several centuries' worth of coal reserves that could nowadays be used much more efficiently than in the past.
Myth No. 5: Locavorism delivers tastier, more nutritious, and safer food.
All other things being equal, activists tell us, local food is picked in a more ripened state, ensuring superior taste and nutritional value than food that has traveled long distances in various forms of storage. But what about the times of year when local products are not in season and only available in preserved form? Eating better food for a few weeks and lesser quality food during the remainder of the year cannot deliver a more pleasant and nutritious diet overall. Another consideration rarely addressed by locavores is that the fortification of food items ranging from milk to flour can be accomplished much more effectively and cheaply (especially if vitamins and minerals are produced in large volumes) through large-scale facilities that serve a significant customer base.
Many locavores also raise the specter of food produced in countries with lower overall health, safety, and environmental standards. Paradoxically, however, export operations established by producers from advanced economies in poorer parts of the world typically implement state-of-the-art technologies and undergo significant scrutiny along the food-supply chain, something which is often not the case for the small operators who sell their production at local farmers' markets. The issue is especially worrisome in light of the fact that the real dangers to our health are completely “natural” pathogens such as E. coli, Salmonella, and listeriosis, which are all around us. There are actually economies of scale in food safety, both in the production and the processing phases, which is why the food supplied by “agri-business” is safer now by far than at any time in human history.
In the end, the claim by locavores that our current food supply is not as nutritious and safe as in the good old days is impossible to square with the available evidence. In the words of Nobel laureate economist Robert W. Fogel, “in most if not quite all parts of the world, the size, shape, and longevity of the human body have changed [for the better] more substantially, and much more rapidly, during the past three centuries than over many previous millennia.”
Because it would result in a less diversified, more expensive, and less safe diet, locavorism can only deliver the world of yesterday. As any subsistence farmer in any of the poorest regions of our planet can attest, it is a world where chronic hunger, malnutrition, and famine are always just one spell of bad weather away. Locavorism, far from healing what ails us, is a recipe for widespread human misery and ecological disaster.
Peter Boone is chairperson of the charity Effective Intervention and a research associate at the Center for Economic Performance at the London School of Economics.  They are also a nonresident senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics. Simon Johnson is a professor at the M.I.T. Sloan School of Management and former chief economist at the International Monetary Fund.
In the United States and Western Europe, discussion is focused on stopping Vladimir Putin from further expanding Russia's territory. On present course, the West's strategy looks set for more failure; only a major shift in economic strategy by the Ukrainian government is likely to make a significant difference. Giving or lending lots of money to Ukraine is unlikely to help and may even be counterproductive.
Today's Economist Perspectives from expert contributors.
Ukraine's economic failure over the last two decades is astounding. When the Soviet Union broke up in 1991, Ukraine's gross domestic product per capita was greater than Romania's, slightly higher than Poland's and about 30 percent less than Russia's. Today, Poland and Romania enjoy more than twice Ukraine's income per person and Russia nearly triple.
This dismal performance reflects partly a lack of natural resources, but also self-interested leaders who have lined their pockets rather than focus on growth. The Orange Revolution of 2004 brought Viktor Yushchenko to the presidency, after more than a decade of pervasive corruption, but this episode proved to be a great disappointment. The Yanukovych years that followed were even worse.
Ukraine's economic situation has recently become more desperate. If Ukraine is to pay all of its bills, the amount needed over the next two years to make debt payments and cover the budget deficit on its current trajectory add up to nearly $40 billion. These bills are growing daily because of the severe disruptions caused by the loss of Crimea, the continuing instability in eastern Ukraine and the nonpayment for gas deliveries from Russia. Because of the West's unbending support for the current Kiev government, many Ukrainians expect large and generous support to help the nation out of this mess.
Western diplomatic actions in recent months have created nothing short of a fiasco for Ukraine and some of its neighbors. Diplomats overtly welcomed the change to an anti-Russian government in Kiev, and they celebrated the flight of the pro-Russian President Viktor Yanukovych. We were all pleased to see some highly corrupt politicians toppled, yet, in the midst of all these intrigues, some news organizations and diplomats lost sight of the end game with Russia.
With no credible military threat and an unwillingness of politicians to inflict pain by applying sanctions against Russia similar to those imposed on Iran, Western politicians proved toothless. The Germans do not want to disrupt the supply of gas from Russia, the British do not want to undermine their status as a financial haven, and the Americans are concerned about reprisals against their companies with large exposures in Russia (e.g., PepsiCo, Exxon or Citigroup).
In a series of moves that appear to have been planned carefully, Mr. Putin has taken Crimea, won huge popular support in Russia and in much of Crimea and left the West holding financial responsibility for the rest of Ukraine.
There is no doubt that Russia may seek to annex more parts of Ukraine. Russian military intervention is possible, but the Crimean strategy has proven much easier. Time and momentum are on Russia's side, so Mr. Putin can be patient. If Ukraine's eastern and southern regions continue to flounder while Russia grows richer, it is only a matter of time before large separatist movements will develop in these areas.
Russia will make a success of Crimea as an example for others: pensions, government wages and other incomes can roughly double to meet Russian averages. The experience of debate and referendums in Quebec, Scotland, Catalonia and other regions all point to plausible democratic routes to exit that Russia can encourage.
A stable Ukraine, with an economy that catches up to its neighbors, is the best defense against disintegration. There is a chance to keep Ukraine united with its current borders (less Crimea), but it would require a striking change in Ukrainian economic strategy – something very hard to pull off with so many levers of power in the hands of the established political elite, who remain well entrenched.
Russia controls many of the levers for Ukraine's success. It is Ukraine's largest trading partner. Ukraine is heavily in debt to Russia and relies on Russia for most of its energy imports. Russia has been selling Ukraine natural gas at well below world prices. Russia also has substantial ability to promote riots, political intrigues and general instability. In short, unless Ukraine can normalize relations with Russia, it has little hope for growth.
In contrast with Russia's influence, the West's ability to affect Ukraine's success is highly limited. The idea of providing Ukraine with a big loan from the International Monetary Fund and other forms of external financial assistance will not help much and may even make things worse. Given the financial state of Ukraine, such money could easily be wasted before Ukraine turns again, as it is eventually must, toward better relations with Russia.
Greater integration of Ukraine into Europe, through the European Union, could set the institutional framework better placed for growth. Yet the potential for such an association agreement is one reason Russia has chosen to bring more pressure. However, a trade pact does not resolve Ukraine's entrenched corruption, and any success still relies on Russia's cooperation. The European Union needs to engage with Russia as much as possible, but events in Crimea make this hard.
One thing that Ukraine could do soon, to encourage growth and harness the goals of the Maidan revolution, would be to move quickly, and in a high-profile manner, against all forms of corruption. In 2004 Georgia fired all its traffic police, then hired new officers, with higher salaries, better equipment and less inclination to accept bribes (see this Princeton case study for more detail). Simplification of the tax system, changes in regulatory policy and changes to the judiciary can also reduce corruption.
But to take all these actions requires political legitimacy, and this can only be acquired through new presidential and parliamentary elections. The European Union pact, any kind of I.M.F. program and large-scale moves against corruption require a government that can make long-term commitments and demonstrate political strength.
The current government was selected after violent street demonstrations and early on revealed an anti-Russian stance that is at odds with keeping the nation unified and with harmonizing relations with Russia. Until there is political capacity to achieve significant reduction in corruption, Ukraine's growth prospects and its ability to remain unified, remain limited.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Questions are already being asked about who would control the public purse strings if the central funding pot is divided up among the regions
Anticipation, scepticism and bewilderment in equal measures appear to be the responses in Yorkshire to the views of all three party leaders that devolved powers are now an inevitability.
Anticipation is clearly uppermost in the mind of veteran Wakefield council leader Peter Box. "The genie is out if the bottle," they tell me.
"This had better happen because we have shown that when it comes to delivery on things like training, business development and tackling youth unemployment we can deliver faster and more efficiently."
That's where the bewilderment comes in.
Who are the "we" who will grasp the power and the purse strings from central government and the Whitehall mandarins?
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg is clear about who they are not.
"There is no appetite for elected regional assembles adding more layers of politicians and bureaucracy," they told BBC Look North on a flying visit to Yorkshire on the day the Scottish Referendum votes were being counted.
"The building blocks are already in place to effectively channel more devolved powers to the regions."
A five-minute conversation with the first dozen passers-by on any street in Yorkshire seems to confirm that view.
I have had those conversations. They boil down to the view that we need more local decisions, more public money but fewer elected politicians.
Derisory turnout
That's where the scepticism kicks in. How can that conundrum be solved?
Clearly the anecdotal evidence is that the sea of apathy that drowned Labour's plans to set up directly-elected regional assemblies a decade ago is as deep now as it was then.
Only the North East held a referendum and of the derisory levels of voters who bothered to turn out few backed the idea.
John Prescott, who came up with idea of elected regional assemblies and spent months campaigning for them in 2003, was so concerned at the reaction they had on the streets that they pulled the plug in the North West and Yorkshire before it got so far as an embarrassing public vote.
Julian Smith, the Conservative MP for Skipton and Ripon, says they back more devolution but there has to be some rationalisation of the layers of political and bureaucratic power if it is to be effectively administered.
They point out that they already have parish, district and county councils in their part of rural North Yorkshire.
Now clusters of City Regions business-led Local Enterprise Partnerships and collections of councils could be joining the queue as potential wielders of local power and controllers of sizeable chunks of the estimated £20bn of public money spent in Yorkshire every year but controlled from Whitehall.
The government wants to use the impetus of the Scottish referendum debate to start planning and negotiating with the regions. Few expect it to be a fast process.
There are also, as my email inbox can confirm, voices still calling for an English Parliament.
As 85% of the population of the Union do not live in Scotland, Wales or Northern Ireland there is clearly an imbalance of representation and powers.
The umpteen organisations campaigning for extra powers for the North in general and Yorkshire in particular argue that a new body for the whole of England is not really devolution at all.
In a surreal and curious exchange at the final presidential debate, Donald Trump seemed to try to ally themselves with President Obama on immigration enforcement, as Hillary Clinton seemed to try to compare their stance with Trump's. The moment highlighted just how strange and complicated the politics of immigration are—even in a presidential cycle that has been historically stupid.
Trump opened the immigration portion of the night by telling moderator Chris Wallace that they will deport criminal undocumented immigrants and immediately tighten border security if elected.
“We have some bad hombres, and we're going to get them out,” they said.
Clinton then ripped Trump's plan for mass deportation, calling it “an idea that would rip our country apart.” But, they then added, they and Trump aren't entirely opposed on the issue.
“I have been for border security for years,” they said. “I voted for border security in the United States Senate, and my comprehensive immigration reform plan, of course, includes border security. I want to put our resources where I think they're most needed: getting rid of any violent person, anyone who should be deported, we should deport them.”
Depending on what day of the week it is, Trump is partially on the same page as Clinton regarding deportations. Their immigration policy proposal says they will prioritize deporting violent criminals and undocumented immigrants who have overstayed their visas (upward of 4 million people). Clinton doesn't say they will look to deport that second group of people—a huge difference between the two candidates—but the two candidates seem to be aligned on criminal undocumented immigrants.
Then, curiously enough, Trump argued that Clinton agrees with them on the wall.
“Hillary Clinton wanted the wall,” they said. “Hillary Clinton fought for the wall in 2006 or thereabouts. Now, they never gets anything done, so naturally the wall wasn't built. But Hillary Clinton wanted the wall.”
That isn't quite true—but it's not 100 percent false, either. Clinton did vote for a 700-mile border fence in 2006. Trump's proposed wall would be 1,000 miles long.
Clinton fired back by saying they would try to legalize non-criminal undocumented immigrants, and cited the fact that Trump used undocumented workers on construction projects as evidence they need better protections.
Then—again, weirdly—Trump invoked Obama to…criticize Clinton? It wasn't totally clear.
“President Obama has moved millions of people out,” they said. “Nobody knows about it. Nobody talks about it. But under Obama, millions of people have been moved out of this country. They've been deported. They don't want to say that, but that's what has happened.”
Trump's claim is correct. Obama has deported millions of undocumented immigrants—upward of 2.5 million—much to the chagrin of immigration attorneys, who argue many of these deportees, particularly those from violent Central American countries, should have been treated like refugees, not pariahs.
Still, Trump has spent most of their presidential campaign arguing that Obama refuses to enforce immigration laws. So their turnaround on the president is a bit of a head-scratcher.
In reality, Clinton's immigration policies would likely be a continuation of Obama's. She's defended the deportation of undocumented children and voted for a biometric entry-exit system to monitor whether tourists and businesspeople visiting the U.S. stay longer than allowed.
Immigration policy is complicated. It's also extremely important, and affects every sector of this country's economy, as well as the lives of millions of legal and undocumented immigrants. But you wouldn't have gathered that from the discussion at the debate, which was a muddled hodge-podge of mess.
Environmental activist Erin Brockovich has accused U.S. authorities of lying about how much toxic wastewater spilled from a Colorado mine and fouled rivers in three Western states.
Brockovich, made famous by the Oscar-winning movie in which they were portrayed by Julia Roberts, sensationally claimed 'millions and millions of gallons' was spilt.
Them allegation came during a visit to the nation's largest American Indian reservation, where they saw the damage and met with Navajo Nation leaders and farmers affected by last month's spill.
Scroll down for video
Environmental activist Erin Brockovich visits the San Juan River, which is located downstream from the spill
Brockovich, who was made famous by the Oscar-winning Julia Roberts movie bearing their name, chats with Navajo Nation Vice President Jonathan Nez beside the San Juan River
Brockovich told students at Shiprock, New Mexico (pictured), the EPA 'did not tell the truth' about the amount of toxic water spilled into the rivers
Kayakers in the polluted river near Durango right after the spill in August
In this August 11, 2015, aerial photo, waste water is seen streaming out of the Gold King Mine near Silverton, Colorado
Brockovich said they were shocked by the agency's actions leading up to the release of waste tainted with heavy metals, as well as its response afterward.
'They did not tell the truth about the amount. There were millions and millions of gallons,' they said while speaking to a crowd of high school students in Shiprock, New Mexico.
The spill was triggered by an EPA crew during excavation work. The agency did not immediately respond to email and telephone requests for comment yesterday.
Although it initially pegged the spill at one million gallons, it later said it was likely three times that amount, given the readings of stream gauges that recorded a spike in river flows.
The revision only added to the suspicion of local officials that were criticizing the agency for failing to notify them sooner that the contaminated plume was headed downstream.
Uncertainty lingers over the long-term dangers to public health and the environment from the spill, which contaminated rivers in Colorado, New Mexico and Utah.
The EPA said the threat has eased, allowing treatment plants to start drawing water from the rivers again and ending warnings against recreational activities. But Navajo leadership is skeptical.
A series of congressional hearings investigating the spill will begin today. Republican committee leaders in the House and Senate say that EPA officials have withheld documents that could explain what went wrong.
Navajo President Russell Begaye also questioned the number of gallons released.
They recounted for Brockovich what they saw during an unannounced visit to the Gold King Mine near Silverton, Colorado, days after the spill.
They described seeing a wide gully that was several feet deep and water continuing to pour out of the mine.
Some Navajo irrigation systems remain shuttered until the tribe receives results from its own water and sediment testing. As a result, Begaye has said thousands of acres of crops have gone dry.
Begaye and Brockovich met with farmers to discuss the effects of the spill on irrigation as well as the legacy of contamination left behind by decades of uranium mining.
Pictured is actor Julia Roberts from a scene in the 2000 Oscar-winning film Erin Brockovich
Roberts (left) won plaudits for their portrayal of Brockovich (right), who helped build a case against Pacific Gas and Electric Company for contaminated groundwater
During the stop in Shiprock, they told the students that it will be up to the next generation to hold government and private industry accountable.
'It's a terrible disaster, and unfortunately it's a situation we see playing itself out not only on the Navajo Nation, but across the United States of America,' Brockovich said, referring to pollution and lax enforcement. 'You are the future and you will be the answers,' they told the students.
Brockovich was portrayed in the 2000 movie, 'Erin Brockovich,' which earned actor Julia Roberts an acting Oscar.
The environmental advocate helped investigate a major case of groundwater contamination in California in the early 1990s that inspired the film.
As for the Gold King spill, Brockovich said the federal government needs to clean up the mess.
Navajo officials say the Federal Emergency Management Agency and the EPA have declined the tribe's requests for continued help, including the appointment of a federal recovery coordinator.
More About Brazil
Here's your soundtrack. Okay, maybe they're not exactly brazillian but their music is awesome and their live shows legendary.Now, Brazil covers almost half of South America and its Amazon rainforest is the world's largest jungle... which is rapidly getting cut down. The country is basically one giant botanical garden with some bangin' cities on its edges.Brazil was colonized in 1808 by the royal court of Portugal, which was fleeing Napolean's troops. They didn't stay long, and Brazil won its independence in 1822.Its biggest city, São Paulo, is the financial hub of South America. Brazil is the "b" in BRIC -- Brazil, Russia, India and China. These four were labeled the world's fastest developing large economies in the year 2001.Brazil is known for three things: amazingly beautiful women, carnival, and Pele -- King of Football, Athlete of the Century, football ambassador of the world and a declared national treasure.Brazillians can tell foreigners a mile away, by the way their hips move. Samba is built into the soul of brazil and carnival is when it bursts out into twenty-four hour undying explosions of sound on every street.This picture of mask diving at the Taipus reefs makes me shed hot and salty tears all over my calendar, which is set on "January" right now.Text by Steve Smith.
AT&T Explores Giving Away Free Wireless Data If Users 'Interact' With Brand Partners
from the well-look-at-that dept
"Aquto CEO Susie Riley told VentureBeat that to many brands it's a lead generation campaign. Subscribers are rewarded with data when they sign up for services, learn about new products, discover new apps, or click through and purchase something at a brand's e-commerce site. If for example, an AT&T customer bought a DVD from a participating brand, they might be awarded with a gigabyte of data that they could use to browse any site, anywhere on the web, Riley said. Subscribers accumulate their data credits in their Data Perks account, then transfer the data into their AT&T wireless account when they want."
For a few years now AT&T has taken heat for its "Sponsored Data" program, which lets certain companies pay AT&T an extra fee to let consumers access their content without it impacting their wireless data usage allotment. Critics have repeatedly charged that the program immediately creates an uneven playing field for small companies, independent and non-profits, who may not be able to afford the toll. While it's clear the plan violates net neutrality, consumers have been fortunate in that corporate interest in the idea so far appears to be minimal In an interesting twist, AT&T appears to now be cooking up a new program called "Data Perks" that gives consumers free, additional wireless data should they "interact" with AT&T partner brands in a specific fashion. Leaked information on the program suggests it's being run by AT&T's Sponsored Data partner Aquto, who explains AT&T's new project as such that sounds more neutrality friendly than the company's Sponsored Data effort, as it'sand doesn't tilt the mobile Internet playing field in any obvious fashion. Of course this is AT&T -- the same company that's been busted time and time again for business models that trample neutrality and consumer rights -- so we'll have to see if there's any nasty caveats when the program launches next Tuesday. AT&T might be engaging in semantics here (exempting some content from the cap, versus giving away "free" data if users "interact" with a brand). With the FCC's new net neutrality rules taking effect this week (you know, the ones AT&T is suing twice to overturn), it seems possible that AT&T would tread carefullyMaybe.While the FCC's new neutrality rules don't cover data caps and zero rating specifically , when they take effect on Friday there is at least a complaint mechanism for those who find a specific business model obviously anti-competitive. As such, ISPs can still violate neutrality, but as noted previously , they just have to be extra-clever about it, dressing it up as an innovative business model and a great boon for consumers (see T-Mobile's Music Freedom ). We'll see next week if AT&T's actually developing a sound business model for once -- or if it's just being extra clever.
Filed Under: advertisements, brands, interact, net neutrality, sponsored data
Companies: at&t
Samuel L Jackson to return as Nick Fury in Captain Marvel
First reported by Omega Underground, Deadline confirms the news that Samuel L. Jackson is set to return as Nick Fury for the upcoming Marvel Studios film Captain Marvel. They will reunite with their Kong: Skull Island co-star Brie Larson for the film.
RELATED: Inside Marvel Studios: Explore the Future of the MCU
The last we saw of Nick Fury was in 2015's Avengers: Age of Ultron, but it's expected he'll appear in Avengers: Infinity War too just ahead of Captain Marvel.
The directing pair of Anna Boden and Ryan Fleck (Mississippi Grind) have signed on to direct the film. Kevin Feige will produce the film, written by Meg LeFauve and Nicole Perlman. Marvel Studios' Louis D'Esposito, Victoria Alonso, and Jonathan Schwartz serve as Executive Producers alongside Stan Lee.
Carol Danvers has a very nuanced, powerful story, so Marvel took time selecting the final directing duo. But ultimately Anna Boden and Ryan Fleck's diverse body of work and ability and focus on character made the choice a winning one. Each of their films exhibit nuanced, fascinating performances and a deeply-felt sense of character, all which will fuel the pair's passion around telling Carol Danvers' Story.
RELATED: Brie Larson Shares Them Thoughts About the Captain Marvel Film
In the regular Marvel Comics continuity, Carol Danvers made their first appearance in 1968's “Marvel Super-Heroes” #13. A Security Chief in the US air force, Danvers would later be transformed into the superhero Ms. Marvel following an explosion involving Kree technology. More recently, Danvers took on the identity of Captain Marvel after being “promoted” to the moniker of the former Kree superhero.
Captain Marvel is set to hit theaters on March 8, 2019.
Correction: The article about the birth of a panda cub at the National Zoo misstated the time of birth. The cub, which has since died, was born Sept. 16 at 10:46 p.m., not 10:26 p.m. This version has been corrected.
Keeper Becky Malinsky was getting ready for bed Sunday, sitting on the couch with their dog when they decided to check the National Zoo's panda cam, which was monitoring Mei Xiang, the female giant panda.
Malinsky knew that Mei was nearing the end of their annual reproductive cycle, and that most experts figured, after five failed attempts to impregnate the panda, the odds of having a new cub at the zoo were almost nil.
But Malinsky decided to check anyhow. They fired up their laptop and logged on to the camera that had been intently trained on Mei for the past few weeks. They couldn't see much, but they could hear the panda panting. They also heard a strange squeaking noise in the background.
Maybe there was something wrong with the camera, they thought. They logged off, and logged back on again. The squeaking continued. Then it hit them This wasn't a glitch. These were the squeals of a cub.
Thus, heralded by a cry like that of a squeezed tub toy, did Washington learn that seven years after the birth of the zoo's only surviving panda cub, it had another on which to lavish its prodigious affection.
The birth transforms the zoo's multimillion-dollar giant panda research project, guarantees that Mei will remain in Washington for several more years and gives scientists an unexpected panda reproduction surprise to ponder.
“This is one of the best of things that can happen to Washington right now,” zoo director Dennis Kelly said.
The zoo said the panda house has been closed and will probably remain so for several weeks. The cub, which keepers said probably weighs about four ounces and is quite fragile, will not make its debut for several months.
Experts said they do not yet know the sex of the cub, and won't for about a month, when they have a chance to examine it. Kelly said the zoo will abide by the Chinese custom of waiting 100 days before naming the cub.
They said that residents of the metro area will have a say in the naming, however.
“It's important for Washington,” Kelly said.
Zoo officials, intensely focused on panda reproduction, had been vocal about wanting Mei replaced if they did not have a cub this year.
And they were ready to open replacement talks with China, which owns and leases all giant pandas.
Malinsky, who was off duty, already had checked Mei on the panda cam a half-dozen times over the weekend. They said they have been working with the giant pandas for about five years.
“We knew that if they were to have a cub, we were nearing D-Day,” Malinsky said, even though zoo experts were predicting that those chances were probably less than 10 percent, given the previous failures.
On Sunday, “something just said, ‘Let me check on Mei before I go to bed,' ” they said.
When Malinsky realized what they heard, they were “blown away,” they said. “It was like a miracle.”
They grabbed their cellphone and began texting co-workers. “If you guys are awake, there are strange noises coming from Mei Xiang's den,” they said they texted.
They then telephoned the zoo's veteran panda keeper, Laurie Thompson, and said: “You're not going to believe this. You need to turn on your computer. There's a cub.”
After Thompson concurred, Malinsky said: “Laurie, I'm shaking. Are you? They said, ‘Yes!' ”
As the news spread Monday, zoo officials hugged and high-fived, TV crews gathered at the Smithsonian facility on Connecticut Avenue in Northwest Washington and at least one panda lover wept with joy.
“I've been crying all day,” said Holly O'Brien-Yao, 58, of Falls Church as they stood outside the roped-off panda compound just before noon. “I've been praying for something really wonderful to happen to me, and this does it.”
Anthea Higgins, 43, of Potomac, who was visiting the zoo with their children, Sean, 8, and Caroline, 6, said the panda birth was a “spectacular” happening.
In a chaotic world, “it's a little piece of hope,” they said.
At a noontime news briefing, zoo officials said they have closed the panda house to let mother and cub bond in peace and quiet. The cub was born at 10:46 p.m.
The birth will probably ignite a fresh wave of panda mania, two years after the zoo's beloved first cub, Tai Shan, who was born in 2005, was sent to a breeding program in China.
All cubs and adult pandas, in the United States by agreement, are the property of China.
Zoo scientists were not sure why Mei, 14, became pregnant this year.
They had been artificially inseminated April 29 and 30 after they and Tian Tian, the zoo's 15-year-old male, failed to mate on their own.
Pierre Comizzoli, a zoo reproductive physiologist who performed the procedures with a Chinese colleague, said they used sperm from Tian Tian that had been frozen and stored.
It was from the same batch that delivered Tai Shan.
Comizzoli said they had been part of the team, directed by the late zoo reproduction scientist JoGale Howard, that assisted with the 2005 pregnancy done via artificial insemination but with fresh semen.
They noted that this year Mei went into heat in April, when giant pandas usually do so, instead of mid-winter, when they had inexplicably gone into heat the previous three years.
The zoo announced Aug. 20 that Mei had entered the final phase of their annual reproductive cycle — one that would conclude in 40 to 50 days, with or without a cub.
It is notoriously difficult to determine whether a giant panda is pregnant because the animal can exhibit many false signs.
In its quest for cubs, the zoo has focused intense research on panda reproduction. In December, local philanthropist David M. Rubenstein, co-founder and managing director of the Carlyle Group, a global asset-management firm, pledged $4.5 million to fund such research.
On Sept. 5, the zoo announced that it was getting an additional $400,000 from the Ford Motor Co. Fund to study panda health. Much of the funding will go toward upgrading the 18-year-old panda-cam system, the zoo said.
Last year, Chinese and U.S. officials agreed to extend the adult pandas' stay in Washington for five years. The deal replaced a 10-year lease that expired Dec. 6, 2010. The new agreement expires Dec. 6, 2015.
Republicans Started Acting Like Democrats
Reacting to news that Massachusetts State Rep. Michelle DuBois (D-Brockton) allegedly tipped off illegal immigrants to impending ICE raids, Tucker Carlson asked what the response would be if Republicans did something similar.
Carlson said on “Tucker Carlson Tonight” that it was “ironic” and “reckless” that DuBois, a lawmaker, would invite people to defy or ignore laws.
“We live in a society based on the expectation that good people will follow rules and those who don't will be punished,” they said.
They noted the rule of law is what allows Americans to have a bank account, be able to eat food without fear of being poisoned, and so forth.
“Undermine [the rule of law] and at some point civilization starts to fall apart,” they said.
They asked what might happen if Republicans “acted like Democrats” in the way some liberals actively flout immigration laws.
Some of the “what-if's” they raised included Second-Amendment-supporting officials who stopped upholding federal gun laws, or a Republican governor who refused to send police to an abortion clinic that was being attacked.
“What would happen if Republicans started acting like Democrats and behaving like laws don't matter? The country wouldn't last long,” Carlson said.
KIRKUK, Iraq (Reuters) - Bombings and shootings killed at least 14 people in northern Iraq on Friday, police said, the latest in what has become the fiercest spate of violence in the country in years.
It was not immediately clear who was behind the attacks, but Sunni Islamist militants including al Qaeda have been regaining ground in Iraq, seeking to undermine the Shi'ite-led government.
Two roadside bombs went off in a yard used for selling cattle in the northern disputed town of Tuz Khurmato, 170 km (100 miles) north of Baghdad, killing nine people and wounding 24, police and medics said.
In the northern town of Hawija, 210 km north of the capital, militants stormed two adjacent houses, shot dead five members of the family that owned them and then bombed the buildings before escaping, police said.
Hawija, near the city of Kirkuk, has seen fighting between Sunni insurgent groups in recent months as al Qaeda's Iraqi wing - which merged with its Syrian counterpart this year - seeks to subjugate other groups and cement its control.
Local officials in Kirkuk believe the Hawija attack was part of that conflict.
Iraqi security services are expecting more attacks in the next few days ahead of the Shi'ite holy day of Arbaeen next week.
On Thursday, suicide bombings in Iraq killed at least 36 people in attacks targeting Shi'ite pilgrims. The growing violence has raised fears of a return to the bloodshed of 2006-7, when tens of thousands of people died.
Anyone who's tried their hand at designing a typeface will know that it's a wildly difficult process, and to actually come out at the end with something beautiful takes an extreme amount of skill, taste and patience.
Type design isn't for everyone, but typography is, and nearly every designer works with it every day. This is exactly why Type Release creator Sean Mitchell is here to share with you a list of 38 beautiful typefaces, all of which were released this winter. These are their findings:
Associated Typographics: Ramsey
Designer: Michael Cina
With strong structure and a warm personality, this typeface is a stout but refined workhorse.
Process Type Foundry: Klavika Display
Designer: Eric Olson
From extra stuffed to skeletal thin, Klavika Display is a collection of fonts for large sizes and an even larger impact.
Okay Type: Harriet
Designer: Jackson Cavanaugh
A rational serif family, a contemporary reflection of the serifs popular in mid—20th—century American and English design.
Hoefler & Frere-Jones: Tungsten
The New Tungstens, a set of four different widths, each in eight weights. A compact and sporty sans serif that's disarming instead of pushy — not just loud, but persuasive.
Jörg Schmitt: Ingrid Mono
The birth of the monospaced types dates back to the past. There was a need for the creation of typesets for typewriters. The difficulty was to align the different glyphs in the same width.
Lost Type Coop: Dude
A reverse contrast cowboy font thats got true grit. It's not about weight, its about style. Twelve different serif styles inspired by country musics legends.
Designer: Alejandro Paul
A mixed collection of interpretations conjuring a late nineteenth century American pen script style.
The Northern Block: Baufra
Designer: Mariya V. Pigoulevskaya
A humanist sans—serif typeface, based on the sans—serif typefaces of the early 20th century.
Designer: Sindre Bremnes
Based on the lettering on the original Norwegian phone booths, drawn by architect Georg Fredrik Fasting in the 30's. A general purpose geometric sans serif in three weights.
Designer: Sindre Bremnes
Contrasts convex with concave curves, sculpting letterforms instead of adhering to the traces of a physical tool.
Designer: Neil Summerour
Soft, ample letterforms are casually constructed and the end result produces a typeface that changes color as it varies in size — allowing the type family to work well in both text and display settings as long as attention is given to size.
Designer: Neil Summerour
It's no-nonsense construction bears many influences from Gill Sans and Frutiger while stubbornly blending my own humanist touch.
Designer: Mateusz Machalski
Wood Type Collection from Borutta is a set of wonderful, warm and weathered hand made typefaces. The inspiration for this collection comes from a wooden letter blocks and other old technologies used for printing.
Font Bureau: Serge
Designer: Cyrus Highsmith
A frisky, acrobatic face that dashes off decorative blurbs, signs, and headlines with a lively, angular zest.
A condensed sans serif typeface with a technical and geometric appearance.
Art. Lebedev Studio: ALS SyysScript
Designer: Julia Sysmäläinen
Handwriting of a strong Carelian personality revived.
Suitcase Type Foundry: Tabac Slab
Designer: Tomas Brousil
Created by combining several contradictory influences, the result of which is a universal linear font.
Designer: Alexander Nedelev & Veronika Slavova
15% Narrower than its normal sibling, which makes it precious spacesaving tool. 9 weights from Hairline to Extra Bold plus matching italics.
Los Andes: Magallanes Essential
Designer: Daniel Hernández
A contemporary neo—humanist sans serif font designed by Daniel Hernández. Its strokes and terminals are related to the calligraphic strokes from humanist typefaces.
Designer: Nikola Kostić
A versatile typeface that is strong in headlines and legible in text, with a range of distinct weights from delicate thin to chunky ultra.
The extended, extra bold, uppercase, sans serif your forefarmers would have used.
Kyle Wayne Benson: Millie
Much like the Milwaukee logo, Millie is meant to be used on a bit of an angle — though, they look just fine without it.
Ludwig Type: Marat Sans
Designer: Ludwig Übele
A clean and lively sans serif typeface, characterized by excellent legibility.
Leo Koppelkamm: Blu
Designer: Leo Koppelkamm
An innovative multilayered font, seemingly inspired by bicycle tires and paper streamers, it fits many use cases brilliantly.
Talbot Type: Kaleko 105
Designer: Adrian Talbot
Inspired by the classic, geometric sans-serifs such as Gill Sans, but has shallower ascenders and descenders for a more compact look.
The Northern Block: Reznik
Designer: Jonathan Hill
A compact sans serif with a technical origin. Each character was drafted out from a grid template and then refined through the application of subtle curved detailing.
Designer: Ramiz Guseynov
A condensed geometric monospaced san serif, built in six styles.
Mika Melvas: Saline
An angular and bumpy brush script. It includes set of nautical ornaments as a OpenType feature.
Designer: Luciano Vergara
A steampunk slab serif typeface with an industrial accent in a contemporary tone.
Designers: Angel Koziupa & Alejandro Paul
Explores the evolution of invitation scripts from the classic commercial lettering of the 1930s to the ideas clearly visible in the greeting cards of the 1980s and 1990s.
Bold Monday: Macula
Designer: Jacques Le Bailly
Can be described as the ‘impossible typeface', since its design is based on the concept of impossible objects. This optical illusion was explored into great detail in the 1930's by the Swedish artist Oscar Reutersvärd, and simultaneously made very famous by Dutch artist M.C. Escher.
Wilton Foundry: Cielo
Designer: Robbie de Villiers
A versatile contemporary typeface family that will serve you well in many design situations.
Rosetta Type Foundry: Arek
Designer: Khajag Apelian
A powerful multi—weight type system with an innovative matching Armenian cursive. Originally designed for school books, it responds well to a range of editorial environments.
Designer: František Štorm
A typeface system which originally arose from the need to simply explain to some publishers “serif, sans-serif, egyptian”, etc.
Soneri Type: Concord
Designer: Aakash Soneri
Yet another typeface with simplicity as it's core element.
Designer: David Kerkhoff
A tall, narrow and very legible typeface, which comes with extensive language support.
Designer: Carlos Fabián Camargo Guerrero
Works to form words and headlines with medieval expressiveness.
Posterizer KG: Posterizer KG Rounded
Designer: Lazar Dimitrijević
Useful for sweet themes like cookies, puppies, love, joy, or other similar things.
These are just a few of the most impressive typefaces that have surfaced over the past few months. If you believe we have missed something, feel free to share it with us in the comments below!
This isn't the first time we've partnered with Type Release, so check out our lists for September, August, July and June.
Read next: Astounding: National Geographic is celebrating its 125th anniversary, in pictures of course
Researchers at Johns Hopkins have discovered an efficient and totally safe method to turn adult blood cells "all the way back to the way [they were] when that person was a 6-day-old embryo." The discovery could be the key to cure the incurable—from heart attacks to severed spinal cord to cancer—and open the door, some day, to eternal youth.
Scientists believe that stem cell therapy could change medicine forever. However, these therapies are impossible to implement on a large scale because you can't acquire embryonic stem cells without having to use actual human embryos—an extremely controversial undertaking. The alternative has always been to use the stem cells found in umbilical cords—which is why rich people use umbilical cord storage facilities to guarantee future treatments for their kids—or use viruses to reprogram adult cells. These viruses can successfully return adult cells to their stem cell state, but the procedure opens the door to numerous complications as a result of potential DNA mutations. And those mutations could lead to cancer.
Advertisement
But this new method changes everything. To start with, it uses normal adult blood cells from the patient, so there's not need to keep umbilical cords in storage. It also doesn't use any virus reprogramming, so it's completely safe. It's also very efficient: researchers successfully transformed about 50 to 60 percent of adult blood cells into embryonic stem cells that can then be turned into any type of cell—a heart muscle cell, a bone cell, a nerve cell, anything.
How it works
Described in the August 8 issue of the journal Public Library of Science, the rejuvenating method uses plasmids, DNA molecules that are usually present in bacteria and eukaryotic organisms. These plasmids can replicate themselves independently from the chromosomal DNA, disappearing after they complete their function.
Advertisement
Using electrical pulses, the researchers opened holes in the membrane of blood cells extracted from a patient's spinal cord. They used these tiny holes to inject plasmids loaded with four genes, programmed to make the cells revert to a primitive state. After the plasmids completed their function, they cultivated the cells with irradiated bone-marrow cells. Seven to 14 days later, the cultivated cells magically turned to embryonic stem cells.
The team is now evaluating the quality of these cells, but the potential to accelerate current and future stem cell treatments like never before is nothing sort of miraculous. By getting rid of all the barriers to entry, medical researchers could experiment at a faster pace. And once new therapies are in place, everyone on the planet would be able to receive self-transplants of embryonic cells to cure diseases, fix spinal cords or eye nerves, and rejuvenate organs by renewing tissues without rejection risks or any other side effect. Hypothetically, if you're able to perpetually fix any part of your body, there's no reason you wouldn't be able to live as long as you wanted.
We are not there yet, of course, but the path is more open and wider than ever. More importantly, this makes the whole political debate about embryonic stem cells absolutely pointless.
Advertisement
Once more, the future is not arriving soon enough. [PLoS One via Medical Xpress]
Your teams. Your favorite writers. Wherever you want them. Personalize SI with our new App. Install on iOS or Android.​
LAS VEGAS — A purple and gold wave rolled throughout the lower level of the Thomas & Mack Center on Saturday night, even spilling into the upper deck. Hundreds of Lakers fans made the short trek from Los Angeles to UNLV's campus to cheer on Brandon Ingram's marquee clash with Ben Simmons and the Philadelphia 76ers. “I knew every layup they were gonna go crazy,” Simmons said.The chorus crescendoed as D'Angelo Russell's 27-foot, buzzer-beating bomb splashed through the net to give L.A. a 70–69 victory.
Amidst the mayhem, Simmons posted 8 points, 10 rebounds and 8 assists in their Las Vegas Summer League debut. They slung no-look bounce passes through tiny holes in the defense, sometimes even surprising backdoor cutters with crisp basketballs to their hands. “I don't think they were rattled one bit, I think they just wanted to get it from the start,” said Sixers assistant coach Lloyd Pierce. The transition from the college game to the NBA is often more mental than physical. League executives, coaches and players all speak about the need for prospects to tip toe the line of asserting aggressiveness and finding a poise within the accelerated pace. As the Lakers fans' wave surged behind their team's comeback, Simmons fought off being victimized by the undertow.
• Ben Simmons among top standouts in Vegas
“We call it the eye of the hurricane,” sports psychologist Graham Betchart said. “There's going to be a storm around you and there's nothing you can do about it. But you can get real peaceful and real calm in the middle of it.” The National Basketball Players Association hired Betchart, a mental skills coach, in 2011 and they began lecturing at the union's Top 100 camp shortly after. They met Simmons at the event in 2014 and a relationship spawned. “I present mental training to a lot of kids there and I just kind of see who gravitates towards it,” Betchart said.
Betchart, 38, walked on at UC Santa Cruz as a perimeter defensive specialist and began working with basketball youth, coaching a local eighth grade team in between their games and practices. They earned a Master's degree in sports psychology at John F. Kennedy University and embarked on a journey guiding basketball's elite when they met 11-year-old, Bay Area-native Aaron Gordon.
Betchart and Gordon fostered a relationship. When Gordon arrived on the national radar as a 15 year old, Betchart's reputation preceded him. “I had some credibility because of Aaron,” they said. It opened the door for their work with Andrew Wiggins and Zach LaVine in 2014 and then Karl-Anthony Towns during their Rookie of the Year campaign one season later. “He'd text me little things,” Towns told SI.com.
• Ben Simmons's best NBA Summer League passes
The crux of the program is bolstering a player's morale to what Betchart deems “supreme confidence,” the highest status on their three-level scale. “After a game, the average person asks a player two things: Did you win and how many points did you score?” Betchart said. “What I ask is: How was your focus? How often were you present? How fast was your next play speed? What level of confidence were you acting in? I've found that great results happen from there.”
Garrett Ellwood/NBAE via Getty Images
After their 2014 initiation at the Top 100 camp, Simmons and Betchart stayed in contact throughout their first-year student season at LSU. Betchart flew down to Baton Rouge twice, strengthening their bond. “There was a lot of noise around them choosing to go there and a lot of people have huge opinions,” Betchart said. “When I would go out there, I would just help them relax, and help them focus on what they could control.” They communicated most frequently by phone.
Simmons would often call Betchart from LSU's training table prior to games, engaging in a five-minute routine comprised of meditation, visualization and positive affirmation. The meditation exercises focused on breathing. Next, Betchart would guide Simmons to envisioning their success later that evening. “If he's in Kentucky,” Betchart said. “We'll have them visualize the arena in Kentucky and see themselves playing well there.” The affirmations concluded the process. I am an unstoppable force and I move onto the next play with ease. “Have them say that three or four times, go back to the breath, hang the phone up and he's locked in,” Betchart said.
• SI's 10 best NBA free agents left | Rumors: Okafor hates 'sources'
While Simmons whips crossovers past defenders, bounds towards the rim and spot assists out of the corners of their eyes, the absence of their jump shot remains the missing piece between them and ultimate NBA stardom, a rare unguardability. Only 45 of Simmons's 389 field goal attempts at LSU were jumpers, per Synergy Sports. “He's going to have to earn respect for their jumper sooner rather than later,” said one team executive in Vegas. Which makes their intimate collaboration with Betchart especially fascinating. Basketball personnel have long reached a consensus that jump-shooting is the one skill most reliant on confidence.
Throughout Summer League, opponents have given Simmons about 10 feet of room as they dribbled around the three-point arc, daring them to hoist an outside shot. It's a strategy similar to those the Golden State Warriors and San Antonio Spurs have employed against LeBron James in recent Finals. Simmons hardly attempted to make the defense pay, sparking a question during their post-Lakers game scrum: Do you think you need to shoot more? “I just need to be more assertive and just take what they give me,” Simmons responded.
Betchart agrees. To remedy Simmons' allergy to outside shooting, they have to, simply, shoot. “The way you learn to walk is to fall down,” Betchart said. “Part of the deal of being a great shooter is you have to fail great. That's what we work on. If you see a game where they go 2-of-15 and 2-of-17, that is a sign of greatness. That is a sign that you're willing to be vulnerable, that you're willing to be uncomfortable and go into a space to master your craft.” Simmons, to their credit, did connect on four jumpers on Sunday against the Bulls.
• Duncan retires without a whimper | Nash delivers Durant to Warriors
Gordon struggled mightily at the foul line during their lone season at Arizona, converting just 35.6% of their free throw attempts as a first-year student. “It was extremely humiliating when your home fans are laughing at you sarcastically when you make a free throw,” Betchart said. Yet during their rookie season with the Orlando Magic, Gordon sunk 72.1% of their foul shots. “Nobody's laughing now,” Betchart said. “But that was 900 days of work to slowly get themselves there.”
Simmons already embodies Betchart's teachings when they step onto the court. “When I was working with them at LSU, when I go into to games like this, I don't really get nervous,” they said following their showdown with the Lakers. Simmons must now allow that mindset to permeate their shooting motion as well. “You have to miss shots to make shots. If you refuse to miss, you'll never make,” Betchart said. “I see [Ben] as a willing participant. He's just so eager to work on it.”
Simmons has the tool to eliminate their mental block just as Gordon seemingly has. Betchart might be the aid to truly unlocking the 76ers' franchise player they've long been searching for.
JTA — A Lyon lawyer petitioned the French city's civil court to disqualify a judge because they are Jewish.
Alexis Dubruel asked the court last month to remove Albert Levy from the bench in a case involving their client and a man named Moises, the French version of Moses or Moshe. The French daily Liberation published their letter on its news site.
Dubruel based their petition, which has not yet been answered, on Article 668 of the French penal code stating that a judge will be disqualified if “circumstances strong enough exist to suspect the judge's impartiality.”
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
The circumstances are paternal and familial, Dubruel said.
“The judge and my client have a patrimonial connection evident in their names. The judge in question is named Levy: The ‘papa' of the person named Moises,” the lawyer wrote, referring to the fact that the biblical Moses was from the tribe of Levy.
Dubruel enclosed printouts of the Wikipedia pages on the Levites and Moses to support their argument, according to Liberation.
The client Dubruel represents is a grandmother seeking visiting privileges with their grandchildren, their daughter's children who live with their father, Moises.
The head of the Lyon office of the French bar association, Philippe Meysonnier, said they were “outraged” by the petition. Liberation reported that unspecified members of the bar are considering asking the bar to initiate disciplinary action against Dubruel.
Chicago Fire general manager Nelson Rodriguez gave some rain delay theater to some members of the media during Wednesday's weather delay at Toyota Park. Rodriguez gave updates on where the team stands and what might happen in the current transfer window.
First, they said the team could end up being more active in this transfer window than originally planned. The later than hoped arrival of Michael de Leeuw and the departure of Gilberto have changed things since Rodriguez said the Fire wouldn't be active in this summer window.
“We had some targets that we had identified for January and we are looking to see if we can accelerate any of those targets,” Rodriguez said. “That's a little trickier because some of the clubs we've spoken to, we've spoken to on the basis of January. Do they have enough time to find a reinforcement if they make the move with us? The second thing that we're trying to do is look within the league. I don't want to say we've had advanced discussions, but we've had lengthy discussions on a few players within the league to see if we can reinforce the squad that way.”
Rodriguez said in some ways they prefer to acquire players from within Major League Soccer because of their familiarity with the league. They described those players as “potential starters” for the Fire.
[SHOP: Buy your own Fire jersey here]
As they have said before, Rodriguez talked about the team's need for a “bigger personality.” They cited de Leeuw's competitiveness as something that goes along with that, but believes the Fire need more in that area.
As for the big question of the moment, the team's open Designated Player spot, Rodriguez said it was possible the team could add a DP before the end of the season.
“If and when we find the right match, my answer is yes,” Rodriguez said. “I think one of the nice things that we have right now is that ability to strike with budget space, allocation, TAM (targeted allocation money), DP slot, international slot. Everything is available to us that if we find the right player, the right circumstance and if it fits in this window we can do it if we choose to.”
Rodriguez said a lot of the players from outside MLS the Fire are looking at have contracts that would expire in a year. Those players would have had only six months left on their contracts in the MLS offseason in January, meaning that transfer window would have been the last window for the current clubs to get anything in return for them before the contract expires.
As for what position the Fire need, Rodriguez mentioned a playmaker type is high on the list.
“I do believe that we need another provider in midfield,” Rodriguez said. “We're also looking for a midfielder who creates and scores goals. Both. Those tend to be more expensive, those tend to be harder to get but I think that that is a piece that would really accelerate our improvement as a team if we could find it.”
According to a report covered by Al Alam, Joanna Palani, 23, a Danish citizen of Iranian and Kurdish origins, left Denmark in 2004 and joined the Syrian Kurdish YPJ in their fight against ISIS.
They have, according to own statements, travelled to Syria and Iraq on several occasions since 2012. The YPG and the all-female YPJ are military wings of the Syrian Kurdish PYD.
 They are now facing six months in prison in Denmark and had their passport confiscated upon their return home last year for breaking national laws preventing citizens from fighting for foreign countries.
“How can I pose a threat to Denmark and other countries by being a soldier in an official army that Denmark trains and supports directly in the fight against ISIS?” they posted on Facebook after being subjected to a travel ban.
The first session of their trial over breaking travel restrictions is slated for December 20, according to local newspaper Belingske Tidende.
Ironically, on Saturday the ISIS used its media operations to offer a $1 million reward for the assassination of Palani whose “greatest sin” may be that they have become a Europe-wide poster girl for Kurdish women who consider taking up arms against the terrorist group, nsnbc reported.
Last week we saw another horrific incident in the Mediterranean as around 200 migrants trying to get from North Africa to Europe on an overloaded old fishing boat were drowned when their vessel suddenly capsized. And this time the Irish Navy was close by when it happened.
The migrant problem has been ongoing now for some time and came to a head earlier this year when over 700 people died in one sinking. That prompted a crisis meeting between European countries and an agreement to provide navy rescue ships to patrol the Med to prevent a tragedy on that scale being repeated.
The Irish Navy has been playing its part in this operation. What happened on Wednesday of last week was that a fishing boat reported to be carrying around 600 migrants capsized off the coast of Libya and despite the best efforts of the Irish navy ship, the Le Niamh, which was first on the scene, around 200 died.
When the Niamh spotted the migrant boat it deployed two ribs to approach the vessel from the bow and stern. This is standard procedure to stop the migrants crammed on the deck pushing to one side and destabilizing the boat. But this time it didn't work.
As far as we know, perhaps because they suddenly spotted the Irish ship or only saw one rib, the migrants shifted too much weight to one side and the fishing boat capsized and sank in less than a minute. In the dreadful and chaotic scenes which followed, the crew of the Niamh did outstanding work to save as many people as they did, launching life rafts and throwing life belts and helping people to climb the grab ropes and nets to board the ship.
No one is questioning the heroic efforts made by the Irish Navy crew in this appalling situation, but the incident has again raised serious questions among people here about the EU policy on the migrant crisis in the Med. Reports of the tragedy on the Irish Independent website drew hundreds of comments from readers, and almost all of them were highly critical of the policy the Irish Navy was following.
These comments made a number of points. The Niamh had encountered the fishing boat just 15 miles off the coast of Libya, and many readers said that by sailing so close to where the migrants were coming from, the Irish Navy was making the problem worse rather than better. It meant that the traffickers could tell migrants that they were bound to be rescued within a few hours by a navy ship and therefore it was okay to cram people on top of and inside boats.
Many of those commenting made the point that instead of bringing those picked up to Italy, the navy ships should be returning them to the small ports on the Libyan coast they had come from. If that was done for a few weeks, it was argued, the migrants would soon realize that it was pointless to try to get to Europe this way and the problem on the Med would be solved.
Many commenters pointed approvingly to the way the Australian government had solved the problem they had some years ago of migrants coming by sea from Indonesia and other places. Migrants picked up by their ships are brought to islands that are part of Papua New Guinea where they are housed in detention centers, and their claims for asylum are assessed, a system paid for by the Australian government. None is allowed to land in Australia and bypass the procedure for legally gaining entry there. This policy has almost eliminated what used to be a serious problem for Australia.
It was also pointed out by commenters that the pictures of migrants being rescued from boats on the Med showed that the vast majority of them were young men and that they appeared to be not just from conflict zones like Syria and Libya but also from countries in sub-Saharan Africa, the Indian sub-continent and elsewhere. The conclusion drawn was that many of them were economic migrants in search of a better life rather than asylum seekers in search of safety.
Rescuing them on the Med and bringing them to Europe, it was argued, was allowing them to jump the line and was undermining the system European countries have for dealing with asylum seekers.
Another obvious point made was that since Italy (and Greece) already have more migrants than they can cope with and are not making much of an effort to process them, the migrants leave as quickly as they can get free and head for northern Europe. Several of those commenting wondered how many of the several thousand migrants rescued by Irish Navy ships in the Med this year is among the thousands of migrants now at the port of Calais in northern France trying to get to Britain on trucks and trains going through the Euro tunnel.
This has caused chaos in the area and among those being threatened by the migrants -- almost all of whom are young men -- are Irish lorry drivers.
Two things were noticeable about the huge number of comments on Independent.ie. Firstly, they were devoid of any racist undertones.
Some commenters expressed the belief that it will be difficult for Ireland to take in more migrants given the very high level of immigration we have had in the last decade (far higher than experienced by the U.S., for example). But even these people did not have a problem with the 500 extra we have agreed to accept this year and the 600 next year.
The second thing about the comments from so many ordinary readers was their willingness to face up to and discuss openly the reality of the problem facing not just the Irish Navy and other rescue ships, but all of Europe in trying to deal with this migrant crisis.
In stark contrast to this, of course, is official Ireland, which is so constrained by political correctness that an open discussion of the issues involved never happens. For that reason, the issue of whether or not it's a good idea to have the Irish ship -- or any other navy ship -- sailing close up to the Libyan coast to pick up migrants is simply not discussed. The Minister for Defense Simon Coveney, who has been on national TV and radio numerous times in the past week, was never asked this question.
To be fair, they are doing no more than going along with agreed European policy. But this -- rescuing migrants from boats to prevent another tragic and embarrassing incident in the Med and agreeing, after a lot of difficulty, to spread 40,000 of the 220,000 migrants who arrived this year in Italy and Greece across other EU countries -- is not an answer to the enormous problem Europe faces.
The conflicts in Libya and Syria have led to over five million people being displaced, most of whom are in surrounding countries. Only a tiny proportion of them can afford to pay traffickers to get them into Europe, and those who can pay are usually not those who are most in need or at risk. Anyway, Europe could not cope with an influx on that scale.
Far worse than Coveney's reaction has been the meanderings of our pontificating President Michael D. Higgins, whose pious, politically correct waffle now drives many people here crazy.
We saw this again last week in a speech they gave to Amnesty here in which they failed to deal with a single aspect of the reality facing us on the migrant issue.
Migration is the greatest human rights issue of our time, they said. Europe's response to the mounting crisis in the Med has been "grossly inadequate and shameful.”
Higgins said that "leadership must be shown and governments held to account as to their human rights obligations to migrants and refugees."
Thanks Michael, that's a big help.
The short flight from Tel Aviv to the Cypriot port of Larnaca is regularly packed with an assortment of loved-up couples, often partners from different religious traditions, for whom there is no provision to marry back home. “There are 45 countries in the world that impose severe restrictions on the rights to marry of their citizens,” explains Rabbi Uri Regev. “Israel is the only democracy in the world that falls into that category.” For not only does Israel not allow for Jews to marry non-Jews within the country, but neither is there provision for Jews to marry in any way other than that determined by the orthodox rabbinate – all-powerful in matters of Jewish matrimony and divorce. They don't just prohibit inter-marriage, but also marriage between Jews whose lineage is considered uncertain.
Article 16 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights says that “Men and women of full age, without any limitation due to race, nationality or religion, have the right to marry and to found a family.” And in a recent survey conducted for Valentine's Day, 84% of the Israeli public agreed. But the religious/political establishment of Israel does not. Those who come to settle in Israel are always Israeli enough to be conscripted into the army, but when it comes to matrimony there have been cases where people are asked for photographs of their grandparents so that the religious authorities can ascertain from their facial expressions if they are Jewish enough.
It all goes back to the Hebrew scriptures and the anxiety that foreigners presented an existential threat to the Jewish people. “They have mingled a holy race with the peoples around them,” complained Ezra, returning from exile in Babylon. “When I heard this, I tore my tunic and cloak, pulled hair from my head and beard, and sat down appalled.” This was over 2,500 years ago, but the same thinking was alive and well in Israel in December when the ministry of education banned Dorit Rabinyan's novel Borderlife from the school curriculum because, apparently, it encouraged intermarriage. “Adolescents lack a systematic view that includes considerations of maintaining the national-ethnic identity,” said the man from the ministry, echoing Ezra. And crossing the line into overt racism, there are now extreme Jewish nationalists who picket weddings between Jews and Arabs.
Thankfully, no one was doing that at my wonderful wedding in Tel Aviv earlier this week, despite the fact that I – a foreigner and a Christian priest to boot – was marrying a daughter of Israel. Those who came to the ceremony couldn't have been more generous and welcoming, as I stamped on the glass and seven blessings were pronounced on us both. OK, the legal bit had been done back in London, but the heavens did not issue any thunderbolts or display any demonstrative signs of disapproval. The only tears were those of joy.
Well, Moses married an African woman. Yes, there was some gossip about that – “Miriam and Aaron began to talk against Moses because of their Cushite wife, for they had married a Cushite.” (Numbers 12:1) – but God didn't join in. And Abraham married a non-Jew, Keturah. And Judah married a Canaanite. And Joseph married the daughter of an Egyptian priest. And the kings of Israel took all sorts of foreign brides. And most moving of all is Ruth, a Moabite who married into Judaism: “Your people will be my people and your God, my God.” Many scholars take this to be a not-so-subtle up-yours to the theology of Ezra.
Not that any democratic state should lift its polity from the books of religion. Yet in Israel love is often seen as more of a challenge to Jewish identity than persecution itself – for whereas persecution generally forces people together for support and security, love knows no boundaries. Which is why the real marriage problem for Israeli politics is that Jews in the diaspora, especially in the philosemitic US, frequently “marry out”, thus creating just the sort of hybridity that the orthodox rabbinate finds impossible to compute, which, in turn, drives an increasing wedge between Israel and its US supporters.
It's traditional in Jewish marriage for the husband and wife to sign a sort of prenuptial agreement called a ketubah. Notwithstanding the hybridity of our relationship, in ours we promised to “respect each other's religious traditions”. Unless Israel allows for such traditions to come together in marriage, it will drift ever further from the values of its friends in the west.
@giles_fraser
By Amanda Gardner
HealthDay Reporter
THURSDAY, April 30, 2009 (HealthDay News) -- In the face of a possible swine flu pandemic, U.S. health officials are already collecting information and ingredients with an eye to creating a swine flu vaccine.
And even though experts say there's no guarantee such a shot -- which would take months to develop -- would work, many agree it's the logical next step.
There are now 109 confirmed cases of swine flu in the United States, spread across 11 states, with the first confirmed death -- a 23-month-old child from Mexico who'd been taken to Texas for medical treatment -- reported on Wednesday.
That death notwithstanding, officials say most U.S. cases of the swine flu in humans are mild, and patients quickly recover. However, they do expect more fatalities as the outbreak progresses.
"To start working on a vaccine now, before this has really moved anywhere near pandemic level, is the prudent thing to do," said Dr. Lawrence Stanberry, chair of pediatrics at Columbia University and New York Presbyterian Morgan Stanley Children's Hospital in New York City. "If a pandemic really develops, it's an event that generally circles the globe over months. It doesn't just happen in one season. It can extend to a second season and, with each wave, you get an amplification. More people are infected, and it spreads more."
"Most flu people will tell you that vaccines are the way to prevent and control flu," agreed John Quarles, professor and head of microbial and molecular pathogenesis at Texas A&M Health Science Center in College Station. While such a shot isn't ready yet, "it probably would be helpful six months from now," they said.
That's because any flu vaccine takes months to prepare and deliver to the public.
The seasonal flu vaccine, likely the model for the production of a swine flu vaccine, takes about six months to get out.
Here's how the seasonal formulation occurs. First, more than 120 sites around the world work year-round collecting data on which strains are circulating. Twice annually, a panel of experts meets to determine which strains should be included in that season's vaccine.
So, first researchers need to know more about what strains of swine flu are circulating, Quarles said. And other questions remain unanswered -- Why are cases apparently more lethal in Mexico? How are the strains evolving?
"There's a lot of basic work they need to do over the next two-to-three weeks," Quarles said. "It's just too early to have a hold on this."
But much of that work may be under way. On Tuesday, Dr. Ruben Donis, swine flu chief at the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, said that engineers there must first devise a strain of swine flu that will spur the immune system without causing real illness. Donis told the Associated Press that their team is about a third of the way to creating such a strain.
And at the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, Dr. Jesse Goodman, who's heading that agency's swine flu effort, told the AP that their group is working "at 100 miles an hour" to create quality raw materials to deliver to vaccine manufacturers.
But even with the "regular" flu, there is often not a perfect match between circulating strains and the distributed vaccine. However, people receiving a non-perfectly matched vaccine can still use it to help avoid getting sick, or at least not be sick for as long, Quarles said.
And there's another key challenge to vaccine production, the experts said. The U.S. still uses a relatively archaic egg-based production technique, in which selected strains of the influenza virus are grown in chicken eggs. Often, one egg produces just two doses of a vaccine.
In the case of an experimental avian flu vaccine, Stanberry said, one egg yielded only one dose of vaccine.
And that's if the virus grows in the eggs at all, or doesn't kill the eggs.
If that portion of the process is successful, the vaccine still needs to be approved by the appropriate governmental bodies, although, Stanberry said, "There's no reason to think, in an emergency situation, they couldn't pull that committee together in no time at all."
"We're just going to have to be a little patient," Quarles said. "We can hope it will fizzle out, but it is still a good test of the system we have in place."
More information
There's more on the swine flu at the CDC.
High-performance cryptographic code often relies on complex hand-tuned assembly language that is customized for individual hardware platforms. Such code is difficult to understand or analyze. We introduce a new programming language and tool called Vale that supports flexible, automated verification of high-performance assembly code. The Vale tool transforms annotated assembly language into an abstract syntax tree (AST), while also generating proofs about the AST that are verified via an SMT solver. Since the AST is a first-class proof term, it can be further analyzed and manipulated by proven correct code before being extracted into standard assembly. For example, we have developed a novel, proven-correct taint-analysis engine that verifies the code's freedom from digital side channels. Using these tools, we verify the correctness, safety, and security of implementations of SHA-256 on x86 and ARM, Poly1305 on x64, and hardware-accelerated AES-CBC on x86. Several implementations meet or beat the performance of unverified, state-of-the-art cryptographic libraries.
Photo via Twitter
Smashing Pumpkins and Marilyn Manson have spent the better part of the summer on the road together on their joint The End Times Tour. Over the weekend, both Billy Corgan and Manson gave their Nashville fans a treat as they teamed up for a memorable collaborative performance.
As Alternative Nation points out, in addition to a rendition of Manson's “Antichrist Superstar”, the two alt rockers whipped out a left-field cover of Cyndi Lauper's “Girls Just Wanna Have Fun”. Seeing as how Corgan was rockin' a nun outfit pretty proudly, I think the rendition should've actually been renamed “'90s Boys Just Wanna Have Fun”; either way, it's good to see the Pumpkins frontman in better spirits after their sad trip to Disneyland.
Check out fan-caught footage below.
Current Legends Super XV Team
Below I have pulled together a starting XV plus a replacements bench based on the legends of the game who have still been plying their trade up until the end of this season. The only rules were that the player has to be older than 33 and that they must have represented their country on more than 10 occasions so here goes…
1 Andrea Lo Cicero – the Baron is the first Italian forward to have reached over 100 caps for their country and it is no wonder with their physical presence at scrum time helping ensure Italy have had a solid platform as they have climbed the world rankings during the last ten years.
2 John Smit – another international legend to have reached over 100 caps for their country, South African Smith has now announced their retirement but will be forever remembered for leading the Springboks to World Cup glory in 2007.
3 BJ Botha – another member of the World Cup winning South Africa team in 2007, Botha has been confined to just 26 appearances for their country, although they have recently signed a new deal with Irish province Munster meaning they will be around for at least two more years.
4 Paul O'Connell – there seems to be an abundance of legends continuing to ply their trade in the second row including the likes of Simon Shaw and Donnacha O'Callaghan but three time Lions tourist O'Connell takes the shirt for leading by example at every possible occasion.
5 Bakkies Botha – O'Connell is joined in the second row by the enforcer Bakkies Botha. There's not a man alive who wouldn't shudder at the prospect of going toe to toe with the giant South African lock.
6 Imanol Harinordoquy – the French enforced has spent the majority of their time playing at 8 for the French national side, but their physical presence anywhere in the back row will help to make dents and get their team over the gain-line.
7 Mauro Bergamasco – another Italian inclusion in the pack, Bergamasco has been a near-ever present in the Italian national side over the last 15 years and has been one of the key men in their development into the top tier of international rugby.
8 Brad Thorn – no other man in world rugby can boast a roll of honour like All Black Brad Thorn. Winners medals in the World Cup, Super XV, three nations, European Cup and Australian Rugby League is the kind of experience you can't buy and is a welcome addition to any team.
9 Neil De Kock – ok so maybe De Kock doesn't quite fit into the standard ‘legend' category, they have however been a stalwart for current club Saracens and has also scored as many international points as they have appearances (10).
10. Jonny Wilkinson – the man, the legend. Led England to World Cup glory and Toulon to the Heineken Cup and could be set to lead their team to the Top 14 this week. A true legend both on and off the pitch, we are unlikely to ever see a player replicate Jonny's commitment.
11. Mark Cueto – the Premierships leading try scorer who has 100 international points for England and has toured with the Lions. Whilst many may not see Cueto as a legend, you would struggle to find a Sale Sharks fan who would agree – a true one club man.
12. Mike Tindall – Rugby World Cup winner and most capped England centre, Tindall is still going strong at Gloucester helping to bring through some of the clubs exciting young talent in their player/coach role.
13. Brian O'Driscoll – everyone in world rugby breathed a sigh of relief when they announced earlier this month that they would be playing on for at least another year. A truly exceptional player who is adored by fans around the globe, a true legend of the game who had already amassed 125 caps for Ireland.
14. Shane Williams – the Welsh wizard is still strutting their stuff in Japan and making a real name for himself. In the Welsh land of giants Williams bucked the trend and showed you could still get over the gain line even if you aren't 6'6″ and weigh 100kg.
15 Geordan Murphy – another one club man, Geordan Murphy has been heavily involved in much of what has been good at Leicester over the last 15 years. Tragically under-utilised by Declan Kidney for Ireland in recent years they have still managed to amass 74 caps for their country.
16. George Chuter
17. Marucs Horan
18. Allan Jacobsen
19. Nathan Hines
20. Sebastian Chabal
21. Stephen Jones
22. Ronan O'Gara
23. Hugo Southwell
It's fair to say that a number of players have been missed off, and others narrowly miss out based on age but all in all this looks a pretty competent team with bags of experience. Do you think they could compete at the top level as one unit?
Comments
A Tesco Metro store has been forced to close due to a mice infestation, but according to the extremist Christian Voice organisation, it's linked to the company's support for LGBT rights.
The leader of Christian Voice, Stephen Green, who has in the past been accused by their ex-wife of beating their writes: “It doesn't get any better for Tesco, who have seen their ‘big price drop' flop, sales and profits drop, the worst perfromance of the ‘big four' over Christmas, their share price plummet, their UK operations CEO sacked, their local management in a spin, all since announcing a £30,000 gift to London Gay Pride in November 2011.”
They then details a mice infestation at the chain's Tesco Metro store in London's Covent Garden which prompted the store's closure. Mr Green also reveals that in 2010, a shopper in Birmingham was “horrified to see baby mice fall out of crisp packet they picked off the shelves in Tesco's Aston store…I'm not sure if they were inside the multipack or if they were just in amongst the packets.
“But there were a lot of holes in the bag, they'd obviously been at them.”
Mr Green ends their bizzare blog post saying: “Nothing has gone right for Tesco since they decided to support ‘gay pride'. Their only hope is to repent of that decision and put their trust in God.” They don't detail whether the culprits are in fact church mice.
Tesco regularly part-sponsors pride events and staff take part in marches.
Stephen Green, the self appointed voice of Christians is an avid reader of PinkNews. Last year they fell hook line and sinker for our April Fools story, after reading about our completely made-up iPhone app Kroozr that could tell if someone was gay, Mr Green raged on their blog: “Everything about the depravity, the sadness, the lack of normality, even of humanity, the promiscuity driven by the pathology of homosexuality is distilled into this story.”
Few months ago, we have sent to ArenaNet the most interesting questions asked by our fans. There was no reply until now! GuildWars2.cz Interview with Guild Wars 2 Lead Designer Eric Flannum and Lore and Continuity Designer Jeff Grubb! Thanks for great answers!
Will there be guild capes in Guild Wars 2 to distinguish players amongst different guilds, or are you planning something else like using guild emblem on equipment (e.g. on shield)?
Eric: We're doing something different than what we did in Guild Wars, but we aren't quite at the point where we can talk about it.
Can we expect built-in voice communication?
Eric: We're still looking into our options as far as built in voice goes. It is still up in the air as to whether or not we will be able to include it, but when we have a firm decision on what we plan to do, we'll let our fans know.
Will it be possible to send in-game mail?
Eric: Absolutely! In fact, you won't have to go to a mailbox to send or receive mail. We want to make our in-game mail feature as convenient and easy to use as possible. We'll release more details on exactly how it works when we talk more about the social features in the game.
Could you tell us anything closer about the trade system? Can we expect something like an auction system in-game? If so, how it will work?
Eric: I can confirm the features we've already talked about, such as being able to list “buy orders” in addition to “sell orders.” We'll post a big feature article about how our commerce and trade works sometime in the future. We'll be revealing more details then.
In the book, Ghosts of Ascalon, crypts underneath Divinity's Reach were mentioned. Can players visit them as a dungeon for example?
Eric: When we first started creating our world, one of the things that was very important to us was creating a lot of areas for future expansion. We have a rough plan for what takes place in all of these areas so we can hint at them and include them in the lore. The catacombs below Divinity's Reach are one of those places. You won't be exploring them in the initial release, but you certainly will sometime in the future.
How will fire or electric spells work underwater? Does an environment affect availability or power of the skills?
Eric: We've said before that we knew we couldn't just translate our above ground combat to the underwater environment and hope to have it work. Because of this, we change up how our fire and electric skills (and all other skills for that matter) work so that they fit underwater both thematically and in terms of game mechanics.
Will be there any other kind of traveling across long distances apart from asura gates (e.g. ship)?
Eric: Any of the major (non-capturable) waypoints that a player has unlocked can be travelled to regardless of the distance involved. Prices do vary depending on distance though, and asura gates are free, so a player might find it advantageous to use asura gates in some circumstances. Other than waypoints and asura gates, there will be no other methods of long distance travel such as mounts, ships, etc in Guild Wars 2 upon initial release.
Many skills we have seen have a long recharge time, especially elite skills. Will this be taken into consideration in PvP? Isn't a player who has more skills recharged more likely to win a fight?
Eric: We allow for skills to be balanced differently in competitive PvP than in PvE or WvW. If we find that a skill is not balanced with its current recharge time in either of these cases, then we will change it so that it is balanced. A player who has more skills recharged is not more likely to win a fight. The most important thing is how a player uses those skills. If a player has used their long recharge skills and used them effectively, then they should have gotten an advantage for themselves and more importantly for their team. If they used those skills poorly then they should be at a disadvantage.
We have heard there will be day/night cycle and changing weather in Guild Wars 2. Will this have any impact on the world, player, or skills?
Eric: The day/night and weather cycles can have a tremendous impact on the world through dynamic events. Certain events are only available during certain times of day. In many places in the world, the basic spawns will also change depending on whether it is day or night. Some events also take weather into account—a few of them actually allow players to alter the weather depending on how the event chain progresses.
The day/night and weather cycles can have a tremendous impact on the world through dynamic events. Certain events are only available during certain times of day. In many places in the world, the basic spawns will also change depending on whether it is day or night. Some events also take weather into account—a few of them actually allow players to alter the weather depending on how the event chain progresses. Some special items will take day/night into account, granting different abilities and even changing appearance depending on the day/night cycle. As far as skills go, time of day and weather will have no impact.
Normal skills will be available at skill trainers. Is this valid for elite and racial skills as well, or will they have to be captured (or obtained in some other way) like we have seen in Guild Wars? Are elite and racial skills available from the very beginning of the game?
Eric: The current plan calls for some racial skills to be available from the beginning of the game and for elite skills to be available starting at level 30. As far as how racial and elite skills are made available, this is something that we are currently iterating on. We'll talk about this more when we have something finalized.
Could you tell us what are the relationships among the elder dragons?
Jeff Grubb: The elder dragons don't have a relationship with each other, except that they are all alpha predators. Dragon minions don't seem to corrupt other dragon minions, but they have neither alliances nor enmities (no more than the dragons show for everything else).
Stránky: 1 2
At some point, however, the two artifical beings escaped and became one being, creating Hybrid.
Tramuasight. If Hybrid looks you in the eyes, you will re-experience the worst moment of your life, over and over and over again until they discontinue it. They cannot control this power completely, so they do not look anyone in the eyes unless they are attacking.
---
Time: 10 hours
Tools: Photoshop Cs6 and
Intuos Pro Medium
Other places to find me:
The creator of Hybrid! Sans isand all credit for the character and backstory are rightfully his.EDIT: There is much more to this character than only the stuff below. Please be respectful.Hybrid!Sans' Backstory:Hybrid!Sans was the result of a failed science experiment by WingDings Gaster. Gaster's orginal goal was to create an artifical Ink and an artifical Error. The souls used to perform this were artifical as well, and therefore had no magic specialities.Hybrid!Sans' Personality:Hybrid is an extremely calm and professional individual, and preferes not to interfere with timeline affairs. It is nearly impossible for them to ever blow a fuse or to lose their calm. However, this doesn't mean that they are unable to show small amounts of kindness that will not affect the timeline.Hybrid!Sans' Goal:Hybrid!Sans wants to destroy all multiversal threats, called Fault's*. They will stop at nothing to achieve this goal, but they are not insane or and will not reach sadistic measures to accomplish this.Hybrid!Sans' Powers:Hybrid has the power to summon Gaster Blaster's that are twice the size of him, such as the one pictured. The Gaster Blasters are used for only melee, and deplete 15 HP. They can also manifest blue crystalline spears and Time Slowing Errorized Flowey Bombs, as well as strings like Error's. They possess a power called*A Fault is a being or thing that causes AU's to be destroyed. Ex. Error!Sans, Fresh!Sans.
Sixty-one years ago today (August 20, 1953), the media first reported on the findings of Alfred Kinsey's classic book Sexual Behavior in the Human Female. It was the first book of its kind to explore women's sexual attitudes and behaviors from a scientific perspective. While this book initially came as quite a shock to the world and was deemed "obscene" by many, we now look back on it now as one of the most important publications ever on human sexuality because it debunked so many myths and revealed that women are far more sexual than most had previously assumed. For example, Kinsey found that women were pleasuring themselves, they were having sex before marriage, and they were even engaging in same-sex behavior. It turns out that men aren't the only ones with sexual needs and desires. Who knew, right?
Because Kinsey was willing to stand up against the social norms and moral values of their time, female sexuality (and the study of sex more generally) eventually became a worthy area of scientific inquiry. In order to celebrate this important milestone in the history of sex research ("K-Day," as some in the media have dubbed it), let's look back at some of the most interesting sex studies on women that have emerged in the last few decades as a result of the shattered barriers Kinsey and their research associates left behind. Enjoy! And Happy K-Day!
Want to learn more about Sex and Psychology ? Click here for previous articles or follow the blog on Facebook (facebook.com/psychologyofsex), Twitter (@JustinLehmiller), or Reddit (reddit.com/r/psychologyofsex) to receive updates.
Image Source: Wikimedia Commons via Proyecto Historiador 2
You Might Also Like:
"...Susanne Wilkinson said: “We believe a person should be free to act upon their sincere beliefs about marriage under their own roof without living in fear of the law. Equality laws have gone too far when they start to intrude into a family home.
“People's beliefs about marriage are coming under increasing attack, and I am concerned about people's freedom to speak and act upon these beliefs,” they told the institute.
They said all they were trying to do was live as a Christian.
“It's quite wrong to punish me for that, especially after enduring over two years of vile abuse and threats,” they said.
Wilkinson and their husband say they have received “hundreds of emails an hour” and threatening phone threats and texts because of their faith.
Mike Wilkinson said, “One was hand-delivered and handwritten in capitals and said, ‘I am coming to burn your house down.'”
“We find this a strange justice in a society that aspires to be increasingly tolerant,” said Susanne Wilkinson.
The Christian Institute's Mike Judge said: “Yes, Mrs. Wilkinson's B&B is a business, but it's also a family home. The law should be more flexible in allowing people to live according to their own values under their own roof. A bit more balance is needed, rather than allowing one set of rights to automatically suppress another.”
They said they experienced not only arson and death threats, but obscene messages, bogus reviews, canceled bookings and other harassment. They said previously that in a Google review, someone encouraged others to come and smash up the house." -- WND
- The reward to find the killer of Lulu, a chow mix found buried alive, has increased to $15,500.
App users: View full story here
DeKalb County Police are still searching for the culprit responsible for the June 6 incident, when a good Samaritan discovered the dog buried up to their nose and rushed to their aid, bringing them to Lifeline at DeKalb County Animal Services.
It's possible the dog may have been buried for days.
Saturday, Boy Scout troop members helped canvass the DeKalb County area for information, handing out fliers notifying the public of the reward increase.
The organization People For the Ethical Treatment of Animals recently increased its reward to $10,000, and a volunteer donated an additional $500 for the cause.
The Humane Society of the United States still has a $5,000 reward for information leading to an arrest in the case.
"This didn't need to happen. As a Boy Scout, it's our job to help find and help provide service to help find the person who did this to this dog," said scout Joshua Jones.
Anyone with information on the case is asked to contact the DeKalb County Police department at 404-294-2939.
May 31, 2015-
A scuffle took place at a press meet organised by Ramesh Mahat, personal aide of Finance Minister Ram Sharan Mahat, to furnish clarifications regarding the charges against them that they sold corrugated zinc sheets to be provided to schools damaged in the recent earthquake.
The press conference was organised at Bhrikutimandap-based Reporters' Club Nepal after different media disseminated news blaming Mahat for trying to sell 300 bundles of zinc sheets ment to be distributed to schools in different VDCs in Nuwakot district.
Mahat is personal secretary of Finance Minister Dr Ram Sharan Mahat.
Following an initial statement of clarification from Mahat, the floor was opened for questions from the media and those present on the occasion. However, when a man named Krishna Bohara, calling themselves a stakeholder in the incident, shared that they had hard evidence to prove irregularities in the corrugated sheets distribution, cadres reportedly belonging to Mahat thrashed him. They charged them of intruding the press meet and speaking on behalf of other political parties.
Similarly, journalist Shiva Bohara of Karobar Daily was also thrashed when they posed a question to Mahat. Bohara, who had carried out an extensive study in this regard, had asked questions based on the statement of a driver of a tipper, used in course of the alleged sale of the corrugated sheets.
Police personnel brought the situation under control some time after the scuffle took place.
The Nepal Investment Bank had reportedly sponsored the corrugated sheets distribution. The zinc sheets were distributed in two schools only. Locals had seized the tipper for three days, saying the corrugated sheets were being sold instead of being distributed to the needy schools.
Mahat arrived at the press meet along with remaining corrugated sheets.
Published: 31-05-2015 17:25
Kieran Tierney (right) helped Celtic beat Rangers last weekend
Celtic left-back Kieran Tierney will miss crucial games for their club and Scotland after being ruled out for two months with ankle ligament damage.
The club confirmed that the 19-year-old picked up the injury during training.
It means they miss Saturday's trip to face second-top Aberdeen in the Premiership and the League Cup final against the same side on 27 November.
"It is a big blow because they have been absolutely brilliant for us," Celtic boss Brendan Rodgers told BBC Scotland.
"His game has really developed and it is a big blow for Scotland as well with an important game [the World Cup qualifier against England on 11 November] coming up.
"It came as a bit of a shock for us all really. It was just a nothing challenge. They came in to slide for the ball and landed awkwardly. So unfortunately they will be out for a couple of months."
Tierney will also miss the rest of Celtic's Champions League Group C fixtures. They face Borussia Monchengladbach on Tuesday in Germany before hosting Barcelona and then completing their fixtures away to Manchester City.
'Old school' Tierney 'will come back stronger'
Honduras international Emilio Izaguirre is likely to reclaim the left-back role they lost to Tierney, who has made 20 appearances for the Scottish Premiership leaders this season.
They made their debut for Celtic aged 17, in a 2-1 win at Dens Park in April 2015 and made 34 club appearances last season.
"He has played a lot of games as a young player and they are really old school, Kieran, tough physically and mentally," Rodgers added.
"He has had some great experience and great games, and they will miss out on some other big ones. But they are going to have a fantastic career and they are a positive kid. They will come back stronger and a better player."
Tierney started for Scotland in their 3-0 defeat by Slovakia on 11 October after Andrew Robertson picked up a knock against Lithuania.
The Hull City defender has since also been ruled out of the England game with a calf injury.
Rangers captain Lee Wallace was the third left-back in Scotland head coach Gordon Strachan's last squad.
Aberdeen's Graeme Shinnie, Swansea City's Stephen Kingsley and Konyaspor's Barry Douglas are among those now vying for a place when the squad for the England game is announced on Wednesday.
Hervis Daubeny General Information Faction(s) Knight Hero Type Warden Gender Male Affiliation
Hervis Daubeny is a character that appears in For Honor's singleplayer campaign.
Contents show]
Overview Edit
Hervis Daubeny was a warlord and the former master of The Warden in the campaign. They were a former knight of the Blackstone Legion but they only remained with the Legion for one season before leaving and taking what they could from the Blackstone Legion in the process. Enraged by Daubeny's theft and desertion, Apollyon sent Holden Cross to punish him. Daubeny's forces were overwhelmed and Holden Cross challenged the former Blackstone to a trial by combat. Seeing that they were no match for Cross, they called the notion of such a duel as an 'execution'. Cross presented their second, Ademar, as a replacement combatant and Daubeny chose The Warden as his. The Warden emerged victorious, and Cross spared Daubeny after knighting The Warden as knight of the Blackstone Legion and giving him/her Daubeny's sword. It is revealed by For Honor writer, Ariadne MacGillivray, that Daubeny had retreated to the south and settled down there. Their current fate is unknown, but they can be seen in the map "The Stone Circle".
Personality Edit
Daubeny appears to be a cowardly and arrogant individual. When they dispatch an enemy Warden, they postulate to their nearby soldiers that "that is how it is done, you see?!". But when challenged to a trial-by-combat by Holden Cross, Daubeny refused, likening Holden's demand to an execution rather than a trial. When this prompted Cross to nominate Ademar as their second, Daubeny proceeded to choose The Warden as their second rather than face Ademar himself.
However, For Honor writer Ariadne MacGillivray has revealed that Daubeny is in fact very intelligent and even brave, calculating their moves and making very smart choices. As explained by the writer, Daubeny was one of the few to actually stand up to Apollyon and leave the Blackstone Legion. They would later on use The Warden as their second to purposely have Holden Cross finally leave them alone.[1]
Trivia Edit
The name Hervis was derived from the Breton given name Haerviu , which meant "battle worthy", from haer "battle" and viu "worthy".
was derived from the Breton given name , which meant "battle worthy", from "battle" and "worthy". The surname Daubeny was most likely derived from the French surname Daubney . Daubeny was a surname for those from any of the various towns in France called Aubigny , derived from the Gallo-Roman personal name Albinus . Albinus is a derivative of the name Albus which means "white, bright" in Latin.
was most likely derived from the French surname . Daubeny was a surname for those from any of the various towns in France called , derived from the Gallo-Roman personal name . Albinus is a derivative of the name which means "white, bright" in Latin. Daubeny's armor is comprised of the Tedeus Chest, the Dullahan Arms, and the Arcturus Helm with the "Daubeny's Shame" ornament.
Although only appearing briefly in the Story Mode and as a background character of the Ring, Daubeny seems very popular in the For Honor community. This is primarily due to the opening scene between Daubeny and Holden Cross becoming a phenomenon among the community and an iconic moment.
Daubeny's new residence may be called “Feronia” due to a weekly quest stating that Daubeny's Ludi takes place in the Arena of Feronia, and the map in which all battles occur is The Ring.
Gallery Edit
A Palestinian boy pushes the wheelchair of their brother, injured during the 50-day war between Israel and Hamas militants in the summer of 2014, on July 29, 2015 in Rafah (AFP Photo/Said Khatib)
Jerusalem (AFP) - An analysis of an Israeli assault in the Gaza Strip following the capture of one of its soldiers during last year's war in the Palestinian territory shows "strong evidence" of war crimes, Amnesty International said Wednesday.
The London-based rights group called for those responsible for the alleged offences to be prosecuted as it published a detailed analysis of the Israeli military operation using eyewitness accounts, satellite imagery, photos and videos.
"There is strong evidence that Israeli forces committed war crimes in their relentless and massive bombardment of residential areas of Rafah in order to foil the capture of Lieutenant Hadar Goldin, displaying a shocking disregard for civilian lives," Philip Luther, director of the Middle East and North Africa Programme at Amnesty International, said in a statement.
"They carried out a series of disproportionate or otherwise indiscriminate attacks, which they have completely failed to investigate independently."
Israel strongly denied the accusations, calling Amnesty's report "fundamentally flawed in its methodologies, in its facts, in its legal analysis and in its conclusions".
"When one reads the report, the impression is given that the (Israeli military) was fighting against itself -- as there is almost no mention of the military actions of Hamas and other Palestinian terrorist organisations," the foreign ministry said in a statement.
The incidents addressed in the report centred on August 1, 2014, which has become known as "Black Friday," when Goldin was captured shortly after a ceasefire was announced. They were later declared dead.
In response, the military was said to have implemented the so-called Hannibal Directive -- a controversial procedure which allows for an intensive military response to secure the rescue of a captured soldier.
Israel bombed the city of Rafah and the surrounding area in the southern Gaza Strip near the border with Egypt. According to Amnesty, at least 135 civilians were killed in the air and ground assault.
Civilians had begun to return home due to the ceasefire announcement, Amnesty said.
"Massive and prolonged bombardment began without warning while masses of people were on the streets, and many of them, especially those in vehicles, became targets," Amnesty said.
"Eyewitness accounts described horrifying scenes of chaos and panic as an inferno of fire from F-16 jets, drones, helicopters and artillery rained down on the streets, striking civilians on foot or in cars, as well as ambulances and other vehicles evacuating the wounded."
- Debate over 'Hannibal' -
A UN report in June said both Israel and Palestinian militants may have committed war crimes during the Gaza war, while decrying "unprecedented" devastation and human suffering.
The UN report condemned the "indiscriminate" firing of thousands of rockets and mortars at Israel by Palestinian militants as well as the "huge firepower" Israel used in Gaza.
The Palestinian enclave of 1.8 million people, under an Israeli blockade, has seen three wars in six years. Hamas, the Islamist movement that runs the Gaza Strip, is considered a terrorist organisation by Israel, the United States and the European Union.
Amnesty partnered with researchers from Forensic Architecture, based at Goldsmiths, University of London, for its report.
Israel accused Amnesty of "a false narrative – claiming that four days of military operations by the IDF were in direct response to the killing and kidnapping of one IDF soldier," the foreign ministry said, referring to the Israel Defence Forces.
"It seems that Amnesty forgot that there was an ongoing conflict – during which the IDF was operating to stop rocket fire and neutralise cross-border assault tunnels, and Palestinian terrorist organisations were actively engaging in intensive conflict against the IDF from within the civilian environment."
Deborah Hyams from Amnesty told journalists however said the Hannibal Directive "is a policy and those who ordered it should be prosecuted".
Last summer's 50-day war took a heavy toll on Gaza, killing 2,251 Palestinians, including more than 500 children. Seventy-three people were killed on the Israeli side, including 67 soldiers.
There is a controversial question placed before California voters today, Proposition 8 which will legally impede same-sex couples to marry if it passes. Plenty of money has been placed to pass the measure, most prominently, the Mormon Church which poured approximately 20 million dollars into the campaign to pass it. The progressive viewpoint is to champion the cause of same-sex marriage, and at first I would be so inclined, as it isn't fair to discriminate how people choose to unite regardless of their sexual orientation. The deeper problem is the word “marriage” itself. This issue will not go away, and the best way to transcend it, is to give the word “marriage” to religion and have the state only perform civil unions for ALL couples.
I am not a fan of marriage as an institution to begin with. I've already argued that it has nothing to do with love, yet I can concede that there are potential reasons why two people would want to get married: children and property. Civil unions can provide the identical protections without calling it marriage.
Giving religion the word, will dismantle the lever which those who wish to project their religious morality through the mechanism of the state. Those who get the religious ceremony would still need to get a civil union to be recognized by the state. Those same-sex couples of faith who still wish to get married, may need to wait for a while, yet surely there will be some progressive religious groups who would perform the ceremony, since the freedom of religion is inviolate.
Additionally, by giving the word marriage to religion, it gives greater clarity to the division of church and state.
All this time and energy fighting over a word is pointless, attention that keeps us distracted from more important issues, like the economy, the environment and questions of war and peace. Those with progressive secular values could simply abandon the quibble over one word, it simply isn't worth it. Religion can even take the words “husband” and “wife” and we can embrace the inclusive gender neutral “spouse”.
Advertisements
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Last year I agreed to undertake a fact-finding mission for the UN refugee agency, UNHCR, on sexual violence against men and boys in the Syrian crisis. We knew that many women and girls were being targeted for rape and other sexualised violence, but we didn't know much about what was happening to men and boys. Drawing on a few existing reports, I assumed some boys were being victimised, as well as some men in detention centres, but that sexual violence against males was not common. I worried that few refugees would have heard of any accounts and that they wouldn't talk to me about such a taboo topic anyway. I couldn't have been more wrong.
In October 2016, I landed in Erbil, the capital of Iraqi Kurdistan, where more than 200,000 Syrian refugees had fled. The UNHCR arranged for a translator and discussions with refugees at a nearby camp. I met with the first group, eight Syrian men who had fled the war. I asked them about their lives in the camp, how they were getting by, and what their main concerns were. Once we had established some rapport, I tentatively probed whether they had heard of any reports of sexual violence against men or boys in Syria. They looked at me incredulously, as if they couldn't believe that I was asking such a basic question, saying: “Yes, of course. It is everywhere. It is happening [from] all sides.”
I was surprised at their response and their candour. I was also sceptical: rumours are rampant in war zones. Had they heard any accounts from someone they knew personally? Again, resounding replies of “yes” from the men. As I met with more and more refugees – almost 200 across Iraqi Kurdistan, Jordan and Lebanon – I received similar responses, and was inundated with heartbreaking stories.
We cannot think of any family who doesn't have someone who was detained and sexually abused
In Lebanon, a Palestinian man who had lived their entire life in Syria asked to speak with me after the group discussion. They told me how armed men had entered their village and raped him. The experience had left them devastated, and they were too emotionally distraught to work, even though they had to care for their younger sister.
In Jordan, one young Syrian man told me about their uncle, who had been randomly detained. While in detention, their captors sexually tortured him. After their release, they stopped eating and became an alcoholic, dying from liver failure soon after.
A number of women described how men changed after these experiences – isolating themselves, no longer interested in sex, and at times becoming violent. Some were not able to work because of the physical and mental impact of the violence, putting their families at risk of poverty.
I met one man who suffered from painful and debilitating injuries as a result of sexual torture, and a few aid workers said anal injuries were not uncommon for men who had been detained.
The accounts were heart-rending and horrific. They were also abundant. At a large refugee camp in Jordan, I met a group of women who were eager to talk about the issue. According to them, men and boys are routinely sexually abused during detention in Syria, a comment echoed by other refugees, and scores of men had been detained by different armed groups. I asked them to guesstimate how many men in the camp had undergone sexual violence while in detention. They said, “Between 30% and 40%. We cannot think of any family who doesn't have someone [who was detained and sexually abused].”
Other refugees told me how armed groups would conduct raids on homes, during which “they raped everyone” – both women and men. I heard that phrase a number of times from refugees across the three countries.
People said that after having fled to neighbouring countries, some younger boys were being sexually victimised by older boys and men, who lured them with promises of food or money. A few women said that their sons were too scared to go to school, afraid of being sexually assaulted on the way or at the school by their peers.
What surprised me most were accounts of sexual exploitation at work. An 18-year-old Syrian man who was working two jobs was the first person to tell me about it. They described how their boss demanded sexual favours before paying their wages. They felt they couldn't refuse because they had to care for their mother and two sisters; their despair and shame were palpable. It was a story I would hear from other refugee men and boys, many of whom were working without a legal permit. Faced with grinding poverty, diminishing aid and intense pressures to provide for their families, they felt they had no choice but to submit.
I also met with a group of gay and transgender refugees who faced the double stigma of being both refugees and sexual and gender minorities. One gay man told me how, in Syria, they had been detained for four months, during which they and other male detainees were raped anally with sticks and bottles. They still experience pain when sitting. They had fled to a neighbouring country, but didn't find safety there. They were again sexually assaulted by a local gang as well as by a security guard. They knew they were still at risk.
Other members of the group shared disturbing accounts of sexual assault by taxi drivers, neighbours, landlords and military personnel. They were too afraid to report these to the police, who could assault them again, or even arrest them under laws addressing “public morality” or “unnatural practices”.
In Jordan I met a group of psychotherapists who specialised in treating torture survivors, and asked them why sexual torture was being used in this conflict. They said torture was designed to inflict deep psychological pain that disrupts one's sense of self. In places such as Syria, where same-sex sexual activity is strictly forbidden and traditional gender roles are entrenched, the use of sexualised torture against men and boys is unsurprising.
Studies from other wars where sexual violence was documented – such as in Liberia, northern Uganda and the former Yugoslavia – also show that men and boys are targeted for a range of sexualised violence. Wartime sexual violence is a complex issue, but it can also be a very effective way to humiliate, terrorise and subjugate women and men.
Tortured and abused: hidden horror of 'disappeared' women in Syrian prisons | Hannah Summers Read more
And though women and girls are the main victims during conflict and displacement – with an estimated one out of five forcibly displaced women having suffered sexual violence, and this is likely to be an underestimate – it doesn't mean the number of male survivors is small. For example, a 2010 study in eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo found that almost one-quarter of men in selected conflict-affected territories had experienced sexual violence: an estimated 760,000 men. LGBTI people are particularly at risk of sexual violence in detention and as refugees.
The good news is that some humanitarian organisations are beginning to recognise the issue and are providing basic services for male survivors. But much more is needed to prevent this violence and to provide support and care to the men and boys who have been sexually victimised. This work should complement and, where possible, reinforce, programmes for women and girls, who bear the brunt of sexual violence and who face myriad forms of violence, discrimination, and subjugation.
In our report we ask for improved advocacy and staffing, and more data. But we also ask donors to fund desperately needed programmes in this area. Key to preventing and responding to sexual violence against men and boys is raising awareness, sensitising aid personnel, and working with communities to establish targeted programmes. This cannot be achieved without funding. Money for programmes addressing violence against women and girls is already scarce, and additional targeted funding for men, boys, and sexual and gender minorities is needed. The US is one of the few donor governments that has provided funding to address sexual violence against men and boys in humanitarian settings.
The Trump administration has proposed steep cuts to the 2018 international affairs budget, which would impact overseas development aid and support for UN agencies. This would be devastating not just for Syrians, but for the 65 million people worldwide grappling with the horrors of war, disaster and displacement – and, in some cases, sexual violence.
The cuts would be catastrophic for smaller and often local organisations, which provide life-saving services in dangerous settings where few if any international humanitarian agencies operate. Most of the organisations providing care to male sexual violence survivors in the areas I visited were local women's, LGBTI and human rights groups, many of which relied on funding from the UN and other international agencies supported by the US government.
Stories of the refugees I met remind us that the proposed cuts would affect the life chances of some of the world's most vulnerable people. These men and boys – like all those surviving war and disaster – deserve and have a right to protection, support and good quality care.
• Sarah Chynoweth wrote the UNHCR-commissioned report We Keep It in Our Hearts: Sexual Violence Against Men and Boys in the Syria Crisis
We've been bringing you the teases of the upcoming multi-store collaboration with Puma on its evoSPEED Football Boot as they've hit social media. But now we've got the whole story.
Kith, BAPE, Colette, and Alife have all teamed up with Puma to create a pack to end all packs. Especially when it comes to soccer cleats. And each design is particular to the collaborating brand's aesthetic and brand identity.
Most obviously, BAPE's pair is made up in their iconic graphic camo. Alife's pair is plastered with box logos in blue, red, and green. Kith's design features a red and blue tessellation, similar to fish scales, with this box logo peppered throughout. And finally, Colette hits back with their signature minimal branding, featuring a blue and white gradient.
All four pairs are going to be made available at the collaborating stores over the course of a few weeks, with a few select global performance retailers. Get your money up, tho, as these are slated to hit stores at €250 (about $340US) - we all know that prices tend to change crossing the Atlantic, so when there's an updated, official US price tag we'll let you know. Additionally, there aren't going to be many pairs available. These two weeks to hurt a lot of wallets and hearts.
POST CONTINUES BELOW
Dates for the shoes are:
BAPE: June 4
Alife: June 7
Colette: June 10
Kith: June 13
RELATED: Sneaker Report - A Complete Guide to All the Soccer Cleats You'll See in the World Cup
Jonathan Blow, the developer behind Braid, has confirmed that their upcoming puzzle adventure game The Witness will support VR headset technology.
They confirmed this news on the game's official website, saying that he's been working with Valve to make this a reality. "Last year I was pessimistic about VR systems in the near future," Blow explained. "But I was fortunate enough to get a sneak peek at Valve's virtual reality system. It is so much better than anything else I had used that I was instantly very excited by it."
They then went on to add:
In late November I spent a few days at Valve's offices working with Atman Binstock and Doug Church to adapt the HMD's input system more thoroughly for The Witness and to build a few scenes that are playable on the device. So, we will be supporting [Valve's] device (and any similar devices) with The Witness. But I am really looking forward to seeing what gets designed specifically for devices like this.
This is certainly exciting news, as a game like The Witness will most definitely work beautifully with virtual reality tech. I just hope it doesn't make me motion sick…
[Via Gamasutra]
When we are young we see an expanse of unlimited possibilities in our future. In actuality our future is determined by what we and the spirit world together determined would be required for us to learn the valuable lessons that we have either failed or not covered in the past. Hence, our destiny is composed of our past errors.
As part of our curriculum we review lessons we failed in previous lives. Unlike schools we are used to; if we get a barely passing grade, we can move on and never touch the subject again. Spanish classes come to my mind. For some reason, I hated learning Spanish, of course now I struggle in my Portuguese, whereas if I was at least half-smart, I would have studied hard and became proficient in languages. Such are the results of our poor decisions.
Imagine feeling the results of faulty judgments from multiple lives. Well, you don't have to tax your mind too hard, because, guess what, you are living it! Everything, and I do mean every wrong action we commit comes back to bite us. Karma is real.
It all comes down to the fact that we aren't allowed to pass until we get it right. The metaphor I have seen used in spirit writings is that we are like the clay pot that must be hardened in the furnace to reach a state of perfection. I prefer the image of the ancient Japanese blacksmith who strikes the metal blade of the Samurai sword over ten thousand times to create hard steel the world had never seen until modern times.
Accountability of Past Lives
This is where, at this stage of discovering Spiritism, you ask yourself, is it fair to be punished for actions that I have no memory of? According to the precepts of our modern value system the answer is no, it's not fair at all.
But, you aren't being punished, you are being trained; an entirely different concept. I constantly get asked, how does this square with the idea that Jesus forgives our sins? Jesus and God always loves and forgives us, period. Their love is overwhelming and pervasive and is never withheld. On the other hand, it doesn't mean that we can excuse ourselves from our assigned lesson plan.
When you child tells you they or they are tired of school and no longer wishes to take part in that gulag, do you allow them to opt out? Of course not, it's back to campus, and sorry, by the way, you still have to do well in math. When you look in the mirror you see a mature adult, when the spirit world glances at us, they see an immature soul who still has a long way to go.
Memory of Past Lives
The next question one asks themselves or himself, is how can I learn when I don't even know what I did wrong? Why can't I have any memories from my past lives? There are two parts to the answer.
First, the spirit world doesn't like past conflicts to remain unresolved. We will go much deeper into this later in the book, since entanglements from years ago could be the cause of issues today. Suffice to say, consider the emotional trauma you would experience if you knew your mother or father, your beloved parents, caused you bodily harm in another life. Or worse yet, that you know you were guilty of a heinous crime against those you love.
Jesus told us, in Matthew 18:22 to forgive our brother seventy time seven times. Jesus knew the long term effects of a feud. We just weren't ready for the whole truth two thousand years ago. Now we are, and we are expected to adhere to it or face subsequent lives in acts of atonement toward those we wronged.
Second, the spirit realm isn't looking for ever increasing intellectually ability in life after life on the physical plane. We are here to adjust our character and attitude. We are required to crawl, walk, and run through an intense emotional gauntlet, so we will not forget what it felt like when we performed a similar despicable act to another person. Remembering what we did isn't as important as knowing, deep down in the darkest recesses of our heart and mind that we would never want anyone to go through the trial we just had.
The innate lesson will be recorded by our spirit. It will remain in our conscience and in our instincts, two vital carry-overs from life to life. This is the payoff for years of service. As we mature in spirit, we learn to follow our conscience, and to not rationalize away the warnings we hear inside our mind that what we are doing is immoral. We also possess a better sense of situations and people, our instincts have been honed by watching a parade of different types of scenarios from centuries past.
When you see the oddly mature child or an adult who remains calm in the face of whatever adversity is thrown at them or her, you are peering at a soul who has benefited from their time on earth. On the other side of the coin, the less travelled or more obstinate spirit who refuses to acquire the required lessons from the trials assigned, is quite evident.
We are certain of one fact; we have all been in the shoes of those who are acting unready for civilization. We were, at one time or another, a primitive spirit whose first instinct was to grab what we want and pay no head to the feelings of our fellow humans.
Therefore, the plea from religious sages throughout history to assist your brothers and sisters, no matter their race, creed, or social situation, is based upon the diversity of levels of spirits who are on earth and require help from their fellow students. While the phrase, “All men are created equal” is true in a moral sense whereby all should be treated with due respect, not all men and women enter the planet from an equal starting point. Some are more advanced and will be put in a position to lead the less fortunate to success.
Our Goal
Why do we put up with running the obstacle course of life, over and over again? Because to ascend to each successive level in heaven brings indescribable benefits.
According to Spiritism, the end goal for every soul is to one day become a pure spirit. Jesus is a pure spirit.
Pure spirits move around the universe at the speed of thought. The speed of light is no barrier in the other dimension. Pure spirits are close to God and have enormous power over mind and matter.
The ability to perform acts for good are unlimited and this is the reason why we must endure rigorous training. Immense power demands the ultimate level of discipline. In whatever circumstances, faced with gale force winds of negative emotions, a pure spirit must always be calm and decisive. Ready to support the lowest creature with the same love and understanding as the highest.
Only by removing our blemishes with the blow torch of adverse conditions and hardening our resolve by repeated tests can we attain the level we so desire.
It is said in many Spiritist books, that the benefits of emerging from your trials victorious are hundred-fold more than the suffering you received.
Learn about how your destiny is your customized plan for your ascendance in my book, Explore Your Destiny – Since Your Life's Path is (mostly) Predetermined.
If you wish to dive deeper into exactly how the process of reincarnation works, read my book that reviews the Spiritist literature on reincarnation, The Case for Reincarnation – Your Path to Perfection.
Dear nobody-you-know,
You are the greatest SS EVER. I received this super awesome custom handmade awesome reddit alien. It is amazing. AMAZING! Thanks you so much. I wrote you a song, see link below. Funny story... I had to call the postoffice supervisor to get my package. The key broke for the lock box it was in. I was freaking OUT!!! They finally got the thing open and hand-delivered it. I love you SS *wipes tear from eye.
*Update: just received 2 super awesome geeky dad books. The kids are flipping out! The books are "The Space Child's Mother Goose" and "Geek Dad". So much thought was put into this gift. Thank you very much from me and my family! See last page for pics of books.
Here is my little song for you :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TNLnB9XJwpg
The family of a pensioner murdered by their porn-addicted son-in-law in a horrific sex attack today spoke of their “devastation”.
Mohammud Yusuf, 32, is facing life in jail after inflicting “the most agonising death imaginable” on Amoe Stevens, 64, leaving them to bleed to death in a chair in their own home.
Yusuf denied responsibility for the injuries but was convicted of murder by jury at the Old Bailey yesterday.
Judge Nicholas Browne QC, who was visibly shocked by the case, said Mr Yusuf had shown “no remorse”.
They added: “This lady suffered the most agonising death imaginable. I have never come across such a factual background of a case like this.”
As the jury announced its verdict, Yusuf's wife, Margaret Stevens, wept and had to be comforted by the court matron.
A statement released by their family today said: “We are devastated by the loss of our beloved Amoe. We can't imagine how we will ever come to terms with our loss.”
Police were called to the victim's address in Neasden, north west London, after a carer found Mrs Stevens slumped in their chair at 8pm on 18 October last year. They were rushed to hospital but later died from their injuries.
The court heard how Yusuf's wife had left them at the home they shared with their frail mother in Cairnfield Avenue. But within moments they had locked themselves in their bedroom to assault them
Examination of Yusuf's phone later revealed searches for pornographic videos showing violent rape and incest.
Prosecutor David Jeremy QC told the jury there was a link between Yusuf's interest “in pain and degradation of women and what happened to Mrs Stevens”.
Both Yusuf's sons gave evidence to the jury about hearing their grandmother's cries during the attack.
The court heard both are suffering emotional problems as a result of the case.
Mr Jeremy said: “They are struck most of all by the complete lack of remorse that the defendant has shown. They have made the experience even more agonising by refusing to face up to what they did.”
DCI Noel McHugh said: “Mrs Stevens suffered ill health and Yusuf should have offered their care and protection. Instead they chose to use their vulnerabilities to their own sexual benefit and violated them in the most despicable way possible.
“We believe Yusuf had assaulted Mrs Stevens on multiple occasions but due to their disabilities they were never able to communicate with their family and expose their sickening actions.”
Yusuf will be sentenced on Friday.
| + Join mailing list
July 11, 2008: Stop the presses! The sun is behaving normally.
So says NASA solar physicist David Hathaway. "There have been some reports lately that Solar Minimum is lasting longer than it should. That's not true. The ongoing lull in sunspot number is well within historic norms for the solar cycle."
This report, that there's nothing to report, is newsworthy because of a growing buzz in lay and academic circles that something is wrong with the sun. Sun Goes Longer Than Normal Without Producing Sunspots declared one recent press release. A careful look at the data, however, suggests otherwise.
But first, a status report: "The sun is now near the low point of its 11-year activity cycle," says Hathaway. "We call this 'Solar Minimum.' It is the period of quiet that separates one Solar Max from another."
Above: The solar cycle, 1995-2015. The "noisy" curve traces measured sunspot numbers; the smoothed curves are predictions. Credit: D. Hathaway/NASA/MSFC. [more]
During Solar Max, huge sunspots and intense solar flares are a daily occurrence. Auroras appear in Florida. Radiation storms knock out satellites. Radio blackouts frustrate hams. The last such episode took place in the years around 2000-2001.
During Solar Minimum, the opposite occurs. Solar flares are almost nonexistent while whole weeks go by without a single, tiny sunspot to break the monotony of the blank sun. This is what we are experiencing now.
Sign up for EXPRESS SCIENCE NEWS delivery Sign up for EXPRESS SCIENCE NEWS delivery
Although minima are a normal aspect of the solar cycle, some observers are questioning the length of the ongoing minimum, now slogging through its 3rd year.
"It does seem like it's taking a long time," allows Hathaway, "but I think we're just forgetting how long a solar minimum can last." In the early 20th century there were periods of quiet lasting almost twice as long as the current spell. (See the end notes for an example.) Most researchers weren't even born then.
Hathaway has studied international sunspot counts stretching all the way back to 1749 and they offer these statistics: "The average period of a solar cycle is 131 months with a standard deviation of 14 months. Decaying solar cycle 23 (the one we are experiencing now) has so far lasted 142 months--well within the first standard deviation and thus not at all abnormal. The last available 13-month smoothed sunspot number was 5.70. This is bigger than 12 of the last 23 solar minimum values."
In summary, "the current minimum is not abnormally low or long."
The longest minimum on record, the Maunder Minimum of 1645-1715, lasted an incredible 70 years. Sunspots were rarely observed and the solar cycle seemed to have broken down completely. The period of quiet coincided with the Little Ice Age, a series of extraordinarily bitter winters in Earth's northern hemisphere. Many researchers are convinced that low solar activity, acting in concert with increased volcanism and possible changes in ocean current patterns, played a role in that 17th century cooling.
For reasons no one understands, the sunspot cycle revived itself in the early 18th century and has carried on since with the familiar 11-year period. Because solar physicists do not understand what triggered the Maunder Minimum or exactly how it influenced Earth's climate, they are always on the look-out for signs that it might be happening again.
The quiet of 2008 is not the second coming of the Maunder Minimum, believes Hathaway. "We have already observed a few sunspots from the next solar cycle," they say. (See Solar Cycle 24 Begins.) "This suggests the solar cycle is progressing normally."
What's next? Hathaway anticipates more spotless days1, maybe even hundreds, followed by a return to Solar Max conditions in the years around 2012.
Stay tuned to Science@NASA for updates.
Author: Dr. Tony Phillips | Credit: Science@NASA
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Dover town mayor Neil Rix was caught on camera snorting a white substance from a rolled up banknote
The Mayor of Dover has said they will not resign after being filmed snorting a substance inside a toilet cubicle.
A video posted on YouTube shows Neil Rix saying "don't let anyone come... don't want anyone seeing Councillor Rix doing this".
They told the BBC it was six or seven years ago: "I was drunk. I was stitched up. I was being blackmailed."
They have referred themselves to the district council's monitoring officer for a possible breach of the code of conduct.
A Dover Town Council spokesperson said: "We are taking this matter very seriously... there may be a criminal investigation, but this is a matter for the police."
'Could have been sherbet'
Mr Rix insisted they were "dead against" drug taking and did not know what the substance was.
"It could have been sherbet for all I know," they added.
"People were putting stuff in my drink. I was being blackmailed. I'm glad it's out in the open."
The independent councillor admitted they had been caught on camera but could not remember where it was and said they would not be resigning.
They said: "I'm not standing down.
"I just feel I have let down my family but I will get over it. I have had a lot of support from friends and family, people that know me."
Image copyright YouTube
An earlier statement from the council said: "We are aware of a video being posted on YouTube of Neil Rix, town mayor of Dover.
"The video and the circumstances in which it has been posted are ambiguous.
"We will not allow the current speculation to stand in the way of the work of the mayor and Dover Town Council."
Fellow independent councillor Graham Wanstall said: "If there are genuine questions to be asked, the mayor should answer them.
"But if he's not accused of anything, it's - at this stage in my opinion - not a matter of resigning as far as I can see."
Ann Jenner, a Conservative councillor on Dover Town Council, added: "Somebody's been digging up something, which I think is a shame.
"I'm sure there's other people that have done it, and everybody's got skeletons in their cupboard."
Image copyright Dover Town Council Image caption Councillor Neil Rix became town mayor of Dover in May 2016
Kent Police said officers would be making enquiries to establish the circumstances of the footage but would not confirm nor deny any information about blackmail.
Councillor Rix took over as town mayor for Dover in May 2016. They were born and grew up in Dover, where they run a scaffolding and demolition company.
Fooch's update - A little something new. I've updated the headline to reflect that Jim Tomsula was not absent from the facility entirely.
@CruzTreihart @NinersNation I'm told they showed up for practice but not the press conference. — So Cali Steph (@SoCaliSteph) December 4, 2015
How about that San Francisco 49ers soap opera, eh? While those of us on the east coast were sleeping, word dropped that Paraag Marathe was being removed from the franchise's power hierarchy. Tim Kawakami was the first to get that, and they along with Matt Maiocco reported Marathe would instead take a bigger role in York family's outside business ventures. Kawakami also reported Marathe would remain the team's lead negotiator and salary cap administrator.
Naturally this brought questions about what exactly went down, and we are still trying to sort through everything. However, our own socalisteph had an interesting tidbit related to head coach Jim Tomsula:
All I know is Jim Tomsula didn't show up yesterday and it was reported to me, it was because of a problem with execs (not family emergency). — So Cali Steph (@SoCaliSteph) December 4, 2015
Tomsula's Wednesday press conference was rescheduled from Wednesday to Thursday, and Kyle McLorg was able to confirm this as well. McLorg had some follow-up on this situation:
I'm told a significant bone of contention between Marathe and Tomsula was analytics — Kyle McLorg (@Kyle_McLorgBASG) December 4, 2015
This is all a very odd situation. Marathe has allegedly been involved in some of the leaks coming out of 4949 Centennial Boulevard. But then we hear about conflict between Tomsula and Marathe. Did Tomsula not show up to work demanding some kind of change? Was there something else in play? Again, there is still a lot to sort through here.
The reports raise more questions than they answer. For example, this Inman/Kawakami article reports that Marathe has developed contentious and distrustful relationships with some players and agents. And yet they remain the lead negotiator? If there is a problem with their relationships with agents and players, why would that be the case?
Who knows what is going on entirely. It's too soon to say anything with anything resembling confidence. And I imagine there are still plenty more leaks to be had. This is very much a fluid and developing story.
Have you ever met a “real pilot?” I sure haven't–at least not the ones some aviation experts talk about. According to them, real pilots only fly taildraggers, real pilots don't use GPS, real pilots don't cancel flights, etc. Apparently, like many things in life, the new generation of pilots is a bunch of sissies.
But I have a different definition of a real pilot. It starts with someone who is smart enough to stay alive while flying, and it ends with someone who has fun doing it. So with apologies to those experts (you know who you are), here's my list of 10 things real pilots do:
1. Real pilots help a fellow aviator when in need. While the extent of a pilot fellowship can be debated (we've done it here at Air Facts), I do believe real pilots go out of their way to help a fellow aviator. Whether it's helping to tie down an airplane in the rain or offering to share operating expenses, most pilots recognize that our group is a small one and needs all the support it can get.
2. Real pilots don't get into arguments on CTAF. Is there anything more pathetic than listening to a couple of arrogant pilots arguing about who cut the other guy off in the pattern? Real pilots know that such arguments only make flying more dangerous, so they avoid them. Even better, real pilots fly a standard traffic pattern if it's busy.
3. Real pilots are not afraid to cancel a flight. There is no purple heart in aviation, in spite of what some NTSB reports suggest. A real pilot feels no shame in canceling a flight, whether it's due to weather, mechanical issues or just not feeling up to it. Unless you're in the military, no flight is worth dying over.
4. Real pilots are also not afraid to push themselves. Just because real pilots are humble enough to cancel a flight does not mean they lack confidence. To keep improving, they have to deliberately–but safely–push their boundaries. That means taking on a 15 knot crosswind when the time is right, or opting for annual recurrent training instead of the minimum BFR.
5. Real pilots embrace new technology, but never become slaves to it. There is no extra credit for completing a flight without a GPS. Sure, it's a fun thing to do in a Cub on a beautiful day, and real pilots know how to fly without the latest gadgets, but only a dyed-in-the-wool contrarian would suggest that a KX170B is better than a GTN 750. Likewise, nobody is impressed if you don't use the autopilot. Real pilots use all the tools at their disposal.
6. Real pilots are polite to FBO staff. Some pilots step out of their flying machines as if they are John Wayne inspecting the crew of a World War II battleship. Real pilots know better. Line techs and FBO staff are partners, not employees, and just might bail out a needy pilot one day. Best not to burn that bridge.
7. Real pilots fly the right airplane for their mission, skills and budget. One of my least favorite phrases in all aviation is, “I only fly a Cessna 172.” Real pilots don't care if they are flying a fancy new King Air or a well-loved Skyhawk. Both are excellent airplanes, depending on the mission, and both require real pilots to fly them. Likewise, the position of the third wheel does not determine the skill of a real pilot.
8. Real pilots view ATC as a friend, not an enemy. Air Traffic Control, far from being the aerial police, is an invaluable resource for anyone willing to use it. Real pilots aren't afraid to ask for a controller's advice on weather or to request progressive taxi instructions at a big airport. Amateurs try to fake it; pros ask for help.
9. Real pilots are humble. Mother Nature, gravity and Murphy's Law are constantly working against a light airplane. Real pilots understand this, and appreciate the fine balance that's required to complete a flight safely. That means they never overestimate their abilities or their airplane's performance. It also means they are open to criticism, whether it's from a flight instructor or from themselves during a post-flight debriefing.
10. Real pilots act like ambassadors for personal aviation–all the time. Just like a professional athlete or a politician, pilots are “always on,” at least in terms of representing personal aviation to others. Real pilots don't brag about breaking the rules or tell dare devil stories at a cocktail party. Real pilots share the honest truth about flying: that it's hard work and involves risk, but that it's immensely rewarding and incredibly powerful.
Are you a real pilot? What would you add to this list?
Updated: Rigell condemns another racist e-mail in Va. Beach
For the second time in as many days, Virginia 2nd district congressional candidate Scott Rigell has put out a statement condemning a racist e-mail sent by a prominent fellow Virginia Beach Republican.
On Monday, Rigell joined their opponent, Rep. Glenn Nye (D), in criticizing Virginia Beach Republican Party Chairman David Bartholomew for forwarding an e-mail containing a racist joke. Bartholomew resigned their post late Monday night.
On Tuesday, it was a former Virginia Beach GOP head Karen Beauchamp who was the subject of controversy. Blue Virginia, the liberal blog that first posted the Bartholomew message, posted an e-mail allegedly sent by Beauchamp in July that included the parody song "Barack the Angry Negro."
Correction: The original version of this post referenced another parody song, "Barack the Magic Negro."
"The language is a bit strong but the sentiment is right!" Beauchamp wrote in their email message, which was sent to unknown recipients. "We will take America back."
Beauchamp had not responded to a request for comment as of this posting.
In a statement issued Tuesday afternoon, Rigell campaign manager Jason Miyares said: "Let me be clear, racism has no place in our society and runs completely counter to Scott Rigell's values. The Rigell campaign does not condone this type of behavior from anyone associated with our campaign. It should be noted that Karen Beauchamp is not in a position of leadership or an advisor to the Rigell campaign, and they have not been in a position of leadership within the Republican Party for close to 10 years."
Until Tuesday, Beauchamp was listed on Rigell's campaign website as one of their endorsers. Them name has since been removed, but Blue Virginia has a screen shot of the previous version.
Lowell Feld, the Blue Virginia blogger, has not said in either of their posts where they obtained the emails, making it unclear whether the source or sources of the messages might have more to release in the two weeks remaining until Election Day.
Don't get me wrong, I cannot stand men who are too lazy, arrogant or blind to trim their eyebrows.
Men too unimaginative to not wear the same shiny suit to work each day. Men who don't brush their tongue, floss, or wash their hands after visiting the bathroom.
Men who think they are macho enough to take on the sun, so don't buy sun-cream, but who then turn red and peel (I don't want skin flakes in my hotel suite!). Men who don't iron their shirts, thinking creases are somehow left-field.
Over three months French President Emmanuel spent £24,000 on make-up artists
Men who don't unpack their awful holdall for 17 months after they return home. Men who think a pedicure is some kind of treatment for sex offenders.
But the news that over the course of three months, French President Emmanuel Macron – that youthful, lithe, feminist, anti-ageist petit pain – spent £24,000 on make-up artists, has made me long for the sartorial style of Rab C. Nesbitt.
Such publicly funded vanity seems undemocratic, shallow. Macron used a make-up artist called Natacha M. Employing someone with no real surname has got to be dubious: only rappers and DJs think that is cool.
Macron's predecessor, Francois Hollande, spent even more on make-up and a hair stylist: £28,000 for cosmetics and nearly £10,000 on a barber. The Elysee Palace justified Hollande's bill by saying the hairdresser had to ‘get up early and fix the President's hair every morning… and as many times during the day as necessary'.
You have to wonder what a man's hair could possibly be getting up to to require such attention. Forming a Tintin quiff? Falling out and into the creme anglaise? Have the French not heard of Brylcreem?
Until news of this presidential profligacy, I had been worrying about leaving Europe. There will be no longer be Italian men on these shores who wear navy blazers with chinos and Tod's loafers caressing perfectly buffed feet.
No French men in narrow, black Dior suits that cost more than the national debt of Greece.
'The news has made me long for the sartorial style of Rab C. Nesbitt' (pictured)
The only British men who know how to team a burgundy Boglioli blazer with a raspberry tie and matching pocket square are gay, women-hating, Mr Porter-reading fops with painted-on beards, or footballers with the IQ of wasps. And that is as it should be.
Goodness, even our female leaders don't use moisturiser, if Theresa May is any barometer. Like Mrs Thatcher, who didn't wear blouses beneath their suits, merely bibs – meaning they could whip off a day one and replace it with a spangled evening version without wasting time – Mrs May has learned that leadership has no time for foppery or foundation.
Why men would want to become slaves to make-up and unguents, I have no idea: once you start wearing cosmetics, it's hard to stop.
I went bare-faced the other day and was told my face resembles two currants in a pizza of uncooked dough; my dogs went nuts, as they didn't recognise me.
'Goodness, even our female leaders don't use moisturiser, if Theresa May is any barometer'
The pressure to wear make-up oppresses women more than the bound foot, or childbirth. And the pain! The glue in the eye from trying to affix Laura Mercier false lashes. The pressure to contour and highlight (unless you are superhumanly clever and beautiful like novelist Zadie Smith, who denounced the practice last week). The twice-daily cleansing, moisturising and exfoliating. The depilation of hair and exfoliation of dry skin. The fortnightly hair salon visits to stop you being culled should you stray into Somerset badger country. The fake tans that smell like a truck driver's vest. The eternal question: should you get a gel manicure, or a normal one?
It's no wonder women are paid less. We are always an hour late due to the fact that we are separating our lashes with a pin every morning.
Do you really want to vote for (or be married to) a man who wears so much foundation, they leave stains everywhere, like a moth? Who wears trainers without socks? I voted Labour due to Tony Blair's white smile and rakish hair; boy, what a mistake. I almost wished I lived in Manchester, too, just so I could have voted for Andy Burnham: such dark lashes, they remind me of Heathcliff, but without the moods. Could I have been duped? Maybe it was Maybelline?
That's the problem with make-up. It makes you wonder.
What on earth does Macron have to hide, apart from those open pores?
When the official TV broadcast of the 2017 running of the Daytona 500 kicks off at 2pm this Sunday, the millions of people watching on Fox will be treated to the sound of NASCAR legend Jeff Gordon's voice. He'll be kicking off the broadcast with live narration from behind the wheel of the 2017 Chevrolet Camaro ZL1 that serves as official pace car for this year's race.
The Drive's own chief auto critic Lawrence Ulrich happened to be down in Florida driving the 650-horsepower muscle car this week as well, and they grabbed Gordon for a couple seconds to chat about both the newest Camaro and the race itself.
"I can remember when 300 horsepower was big for a street car, and now we're more than double that," Gordon told Ulrich. "This car is capable of pacing this race if it went green," they added with a wink.
Intelligence agencies will brief President Obama Thursday on Russia's alleged role in cyberattacks in U.S. presidential elections, ABC News reports.
Obama had requested a classified report detailing any cyberattacks in presidential elections dating back to 2008.
The briefings will be conducted by the heads of the office of the director of national intelligence, the National Security Agency, the FBI and the CIA.
Officials told ABC that an unclassified version of the report will be made public Monday. Congress will also receive a classified briefing Monday.
ADVERTISEMENT
President-elect Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE, who has repeatedly downplayed Russia's alleged involvement in the election, will receive a briefing on the matter Friday, according to ABC.
The FBI and CIA are in agreement that Russia intervened in the election to help Trump win the White House.
But Trump has publicly cast doubt on the findings by referencing the intelligence community's false conclusions about the presence of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq.
Obama last week announced sanctions against Russia for its alleged involvement in the elections, closing two Russian compounds in the United States and ordering 35 Russian diplomats to leave the U.S.
The Kingdom of Sikkim (Classical Tibetan and Sikkimese: འབྲས་ལྗོངས། Drenjong), earlier known as Dremoshong (Classical Tibetan and Sikkimese: འབྲས་མོ་གཤོངས།, official name until 1800s), was a hereditary monarchy from 1642 to 16 May 1975 in the Eastern Himalayas. It was ruled by Chogyals of the Namgyal dynasty.
History [ edit ]
Nepalese domination [ edit ]
In the mid-18th century, Sikkim was invaded by Nepal (then the Gorkha Kingdom) and was under the Gorkha rule for more than 40 years. Between 1775 and 1815, almost 180,000 ethnic Nepalis[citation needed] from Eastern and Central Nepal migrated to Sikkim.[citation needed] After the British colonisation of India, however, Sikkim allied itself with British India as they had a common enemy – Nepal.[citation needed] The infuriated Nepalese attacked Sikkim with vengeance, overrunning most of the region including the Terai. This prompted the British East India Company to attack Nepal in 1814, resulting in the Anglo-Nepalese War.[citation needed] The Sugauli Treaty between Britain and Nepal and the Treaty of Titalia between Sikkim and British India resulted in territorial concessions by Nepal, which ceded Sikkim to British India.[3]
British and Indian protectorate [ edit ]
Under the 1861 Treaty of Tumlong Sikkim became a British protectorate, then an Indian protectorate in 1950.[4]
Annexation by India [ edit ]
In 1975, allegations of discrimination against Nepali Hindus in Sikkim led to resentment against the Chogyal.[5][6] Their instigation led to Indian Army personnel moving into Gangtok. According to Sunanda K. Datta-Ray of The Statesman, the army killed the palace guards and surrounded the palace in April 1975.[4]
After disarming the palace, a referendum on the monarchy was held, in which the Sikkimese people overwhelmingly voted to abolish the monarchy, and the new parliament of Sikkim, led by Kazi Lhendup Dorjee, proposed a bill for Sikkim to become an Indian state, which was promptly accepted by the Government of India.[7][4]
Culture and religion [ edit ]
In culture and religion, Sikkim was linked closely with Tibet, from which its first king migrated, and Bhutan, with which it shares borders. The presence of a large ethnic Nepali population, mainly from eastern and central Nepal, also leads to cultural linkages with Nepal.
List of Chogyals of Sikkim (1642–1975) [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Aleksandar Sekulic's workdays aren't always this busy. The young human rights activist has been traveling across Serbia, visiting Albanian-owned shops and snack bars targeted by nationalistic attacks.
At least a dozen bakeries and snack bars in the north of the country have been vandalized or torched by Serb nationalists in the last few days, with a bomb even being used in one case. Even a mosque was targeted.
According to Sekulic, who works for the Belgrade-based NGO Youth Initiative for Human Rights, "it's pure luck" that no one was killed. The Serb government and society in general have condemned the attacks. A few suspects have been arrested.
Pointing the finger
The Euro 2016 qualifier between Serbia and Albania - abandoned last Tuesday in Belgrade - is to blame for the renewed tensions.
The Euro 2016 qualifier was disrupted by nationalist propaganda
Chaos erupted when aremote-controlled drone carrying a banner glorifying Albanian territorial aspirations appeared above the pitch. Albanian nationalists envision a land comprising Kosovo, parts of Serbia, Macedonia, Montenegro and Greece.
The banner was a signal for Serb hooligans to storm the pitch and attack Albanian players. After the game, Vienna saw massive rioting between members of the two ethnic groups.
Red-hot nationalism has flared on both sides since the incident, with "enemy" flags being burned and calls for genocide spreading online. DW has also received user comments along those lines. As has happened so often in the past, both sides are pointing an accusing finger at the other party.
"The Albanian public ignores the fact that one shouldn't defend nationalist Albanian symbols," Sekulic told DW. "On the other side, in Serbia, they are using the banner attack to justify racist campaigns in stadiums and violence against Albanians."
Politicians on both sides have fanned the flames in the media.
Serb President Tomislav Nikolic claimed that Albanians generally hate Serbs, and will do so for centuries to come, while Albania's Prime Minister Edi Rama said the Serbs have once again proven themselves to be notorious nationalists and racists.
Postponed visit
Rama's visit to Serbia, long-planned to take place this Wednesday, would have been the first by an Albanian leader to Belgrade in 68 years. It was now been postponed, rescheduled for November 10.
Bilateral talks are regarded as an important opportunity to improve relations between the states. That hope seems to have been shattered for the time being.
In Brussels, politicians have been cautiously critical in their assessment of developments after the suspended soccer match. German MEP David McAllister, the European Parliament's new rapporteur on Serbia, told DW that reconciliation must encompass all societies and peoples in the region.
"I hope we won't be seeing such images again," they said.
All about Kosovo
EU hopefuls Serbia and Albania don't really have insurmountable cross-national problems. Hostilities have evolved over opposite interests concerning Kosovo.
Europe's youngest state unilaterally declared itself independent from Serbia in 2008, and is meanwhile recognized by more than 100 countries worldwide, including 23 EU member states. Belgrade doesn't want to accept its former province's sovereignty, but on the other hand it accepts what Serbian leaders like to call "reality." This reality combined with pressure from Brussels has resulted in the signing of several accords between Belgrade and Pristina.
"Recent events show that the signed documents can be a good first step, but by no means do they represent the end of a process of normalization," said Iliriana Kacaniku of the Kosovo Foundation for an Open Society.
Fifteen years have passed since the war that began with the Milosevic regime's oppression of the Albanians and ended with the NATO bombing of Serbia, hundreds of civilian casualties and the withdrawal of Serbian troops from Kosovo. There has been a great deal of talk ever since, Kacaniku told DW - but not much has been done.
"The region's political leaders are incapable of looking ahead to the future," they said. "You can't develop a modern European state by sticking to the old way of thinking."
In 2013, Serbian protesters marched against plans to normalize relations between Serbia and Kosovo
Populism works
Today, former foes head their respective governments in Belgrade and Pristina. In the late 1990s, Serb Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic ranted and raved against the Albanians; as information minister, they were responsible for censorship. Kosovo's Prime Minister Hashim Thaci headed Kosovo's UCK paramilitary liberation army, which is suspected of war crimes against Serbs.
While both leaders now present themselves as European advocates, they rarely pass on opportunities for populist slogans in public. Albania's Rama isn't much different.
According to Kacaniku, they resort to nationalist rhetoric "because the people continue to buy it."
Serb human rights activist Sekulic believes that moving closer to the EU won't be enough to solve the problem. "Brussels appears to be content as long as Serbs and Albanians don't kill each other," they said.
The new EU Commission has already announced the bloc will not take in new members in the next five years. That's another reason not to wait for momentum from the outside, Sekulic warned. Over the past couple decades, nationalism has been to blame for untold suffering, for hundreds of thousands of deaths and people exiled from their homes, they said.
"So it's our duty to resist and fight it," they said. But they added that it will be a lengthy process, and it won't be easy.
Tom Werner has been in England this week, meeting with Brendan Rodgers to assure them of their position as Liverpool manager, but questions remain about FSG's leadership of the club.
After a campaign that began with the club's worst start to a season since 1964, and ended with the club's worst defeat since 1963, the manager has been given the nod to lead the club forward after a “comprehensive” plan was put in place in a meeting lasting just two hours.
Having failed to build on the success of the previous campaign and grasp the opportunity of being back among Europe's elite competition, Liverpool are back to looking at finding a way back in the Champions League – just as the TV money doubles.
Meanwhile, financial fair play restrictions are set to be relaxed, the club are left with another star player wanting out, and the club's captain of the last 13 years has left.
While Rodgers' future is now assured, plenty of questions remain for Liverpool's owners.
1. How has the manager who failed on all of the targets for season been able to remain in their job?
“Our objective was to win a trophy,” said Brendan Rodgers in April. “I think if we didn't get in the top four and we didn't have a trophy this year, we ourselves would be disappointed.”
Rodgers' targets this season, in their own words, were to win a trophy, finish in the top four, and progress from the group in the Champions League. None of these were achieved – despite a favourable Champions League draw.
Why have targets if nothing is done when they aren't achieved?
“These final eight games are going to be exciting games and there is still every possibility for us to make the top four,” said Rodgers after defeat to Man United.
Those final eight Premier League games mustered two wins, four defeats – scoring eight goals, conceding 16.
2. Who at the football club is qualified to make a decision on whether the manager remains in their job?
None of the club's hierarchy had any experience in their roles at another football club prior to their appointments at Anfield. Who is qualified to make decisions over whether the manager is sacked, or whether the structure in place is sufficient for a club of Liverpool's ambitions?
3. When the current manager, assistant manager, first-team coach and goalkeeper coach were appointed to their roles at the club, the most any of them had been one season of Premier League experience. None had any experience in that role in the Champions League. Why hasn't this lack of experience been addressed?
Rodgers and Colin Pascoe had one season of top-flight experience in their roles, at Swansea City. Mike Marsh had never coached in the Premier League. John Achterberg was initially a temporary appointment, promoted from the academy.
None of them had ever coached in the Champions League prior to with Liverpool last season. Surely this needs addressing?
(Note: written prior to news of Mike Marsh leaving the club)
4. Why was there not a contingency plan in place for when Luis Suarez was sold? Going from targeting Alexis Sanchez and ending up with Mario Balotelli shows a clear lack of planning.
The summer before, John Henry said that Suarez would not be sold “because we do not have time to sign a suitable replacement.”
Last summer, Suarez was sold on July 11th, allowing plenty of time to sign a “suitable replacement.” Not to mention that the probability of them leaving was there weeks/months earlier.
How on earth did Liverpool go from attempting to sign Alexis Sanchez, a player who would have been a suitable replacement, to then Loic Remy, then Wilfried Bony, then ending up with “calculated gamble” Mario Balotelli – a player who clearly doesn't suit the club's style of play?
This, and the naivety of relying so heavily on Daniel Sturridge, undoubtedly was the root cause for Liverpool's issues in 2014/15, so how has the person responsible kept their job, whoever that may be?
5. Who sanctioned the spending of £107 million, without acquiring any player remotely similar to Suarez's attributes?
10 players signed, two were forwards who didn't suit Liverpool's style. None of the players signed had remotely similar attributes to the player who was sold for £70 million. Who made these decisions? Was there even a strategy to the buying?
6. Who determined that Dejan Lovren was worth spending £20 million on?
A sackable offence in itself. Surely that's gross misconduct?
£17 million was spent on a left sided centre-back 12 months earlier, is £37 million on two players in the exact same position effective spending?
7. Who is accountable for the failings of the 2014 summer transfer window? How is the person responsible still in a job?
Is it the committee collectively? If so, why have a system that allows for such a lack of accountability? Is it the manager?
8. Why has John Henry become less involved at LFC?
John Henry has seemingly visited Liverpool once in the last two years, while reports suggest Michael Gordon is now the man running the club from FSG's side of things. Is there a reason why Henry is no longer involved?
On that point, did nobody think it might have been an idea for somebody from the ownership to be present at the club's greatest ever servant's final game?
9. Why do Liverpool, especially under FSG, continually fail to land their main transfer targets? And why is information so frequently leaked and briefed to the media?
Henrikh Mkhitaryan, Diego Costa, Willian, Sanchez, Memphis Depay… the list is long. We all know about it because Liverpool's interest is continually leaked to the media. What's the issue?
10. How can a 2-hour meeting be heralded as one that provided an ‘end-of-season review' and that formulated a “comprehensive plan for improvement” next season?
Come on, admit it, it was nothing more than a PR exercise was it? A 2-hour meeting? What's that going to achieve?
And this “plan” – who came up with it?
On a related note, why wasn't this done sooner after the Stoke game? Was there something else on the club's agenda then?
Over to you, John, Tom and Mike.
by
I was shocked to find myself in almost perfect agreement today with a recent column by the neoconservative pundit Charles Krauthammer.
Usually Krauthammer has me groaning, but yesterday their column nailed it.
They were writing about what they correctly observe as the end of “American hegemony” in the global political sphere.
As Krauthammer lays this “grim” picture out, six years of President Obama's weak-kneed foreign policy, “compounded by” their “proposed massive cuts in defense spending, down (sic) to pre-Pearl Harbor levels,” have allowed a revanchist Russia and a newly aggressive China to make “an open challenge to the post-Cold War, US-dominated world that Obama inherited and then weakened beyond imagining.”
Krauthammer cites as their main evidence of this “major alternation in the global balance of power” the deal just struck between Russian President Vladimir Putin and Chinese President Xi Jinping, who, during a visit to Shanghai last week by the Russian leader, inked an agreement for Russia to tell some $400 billion worth of its natural gas to China over the next 30 years. The deal would include the building of a $70-billion pipeline from Russian gas fields in Siberia to China's industrial heartland, and would “deflate” a threat made by the US and Europe during the current Ukrainian crisis to end Europe's reliance on Russian gas.
Krauthammer also pointed to President Xi's call for a new Asian region security system that would link China, Russia and (gasp) Iran — an arrangement which, if implemented, they warn could “mark the end of a quarter-century of unipolarity and … herald a return to a form of bipolarity — two global coalitions: one free, one not — though with communism dead, not as structurally rigid or ideologically dangerous as Cold War bipolarity. Not a fight to the finish, but a struggle nonetheless — for dominion and domination.”
Setting aside Krauthammer's breathless horror at this new “bi-polar” global political environment, and their ideologically-blinded description of the US/NATO “side” as “free” as opposed to the Russia/China “side's” being “not free” (and adding a note that actually, a $400 billion deal over 30 years is really not that big a thing, working out to just some $13 billion a year), there is much here that does accurately portray what is happening.
Missing from Krauthammer's analysis, of course, is the history behind this development.
US global domination, which could be said to have begun with the collapse in the early 1990s of the former Soviet Union, was destined to be a short-lived affair. By 1990, the Soviet Union had been bankrupted by President Reagan's massive military spending campaign, and the USSR's political and economic implosion did leave the US, by default, as the world's last and only “superpower,” but left unremarked was that this country's massive military spending had also effectively hollowed out the US economy, too. And instead of turning inward at the end of the Cold War, and investing in a revitalization of America's crumbling physical, social and educational infrastructure, which might have rectified things, the problem was made worse by two more decades of continuous war economy, driven by the very neoconservative ideology that Krauthammer still espouses.
Wars were launched: first the Persian Gulf War against Iraq in 1990-1 (which continued until the 2003 invasion of Iraq with the maintenance of “no-fly zones” over parts of Iraq), then the Bosnian and Kosovo wars in the mid and late ‘90s, followed by the 2001 invasion of Afghanistan and the 2003 invasion of Iraq. And when that was not enough, a fake “War on Terror” was launched to convince the gullible American public of the need of continued massive military spending.
Instead of shrinking the bloated US military, successive presidents — George H.W. Bush, Bill Clinton, George W. Bush and finally Barack Obama — all kept increasing military spending to the point that this country under President Obama has been spending as much on its military as the rest of the world combined. And to make things worse, the US has been losing its wars. that is not the kind of thing designed to instill fear in potential adversaries.
At the same time that the US empire was bankrupting itself through extravagant military spending, it has been relentlessly pushing its weight around everywhere in the world, subverting or trying to subvert democratically elected governments in places like Nicaragua, Panama, Grenada, Haiti and Venezuela, and even seeking to undermine governments in states like Russia, Ukraine and Iran.
Something had to give, and as Krauthammer correctly notes, something finally has given.
America's bluff is being called.
Fed up with the clumsy bullying of American foreign and economic policy, angered by the imperial over-reach of America's National Security Agency, and emboldened by the weakness of both the American dollar and America's bloated, bureaucratic and over-stretched military (as evidenced by its inability to defeat minimally armed and trained patriotic forces in Afghanistan and Iraq), Russia and China, and perhaps Iran too, are realizing that they “don't have to take it anymore.”
While Krauthammer didn't mention it, even NATO, that Cold War relic that the US had been using as a fig leaf since the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1990 to cover its aggressive policy of encirclement and gradual subversion of Russia, is now showing signs of collapse. The European public and their elected officials are angry at Edward Snowden's revelations about massive NSA spying on it's purported “allies,” and the latest effort to enlist Europe in a program of economic sanctions against Russia over its annexation of Crimea have fallen flat, with France refusing to stop selling advanced military equipment to Russia and with Germany balking at any serious economic sanctions against one of its largest trading partners.
Increasingly, Russia, China, Brazil and other large developing economies are separating themselves from the dollar-based global financial system, undermining the last mainstay of US hegemony — the dollar as the world's reserve currency.
Krauthammer correctly sees the US in “retreat” and “decline” as a global power.
Where they go wrong is in seeing this as “Obama's choice.”
Obama really had no choice. The decline of America as global hegemon has been the result of choices made by Washington leaders dating back really to the 1960s and the disastrous war against the people of Vietnam, or perhaps even earlier, to the US-orchestrated Korean War.
History is replete with empires that crumbled under their own hubris and ambition, and the United States is no different.
The only real disagreement I have with Krauthammer is in seeing this decline of US empire as a tragedy. Looking at the incredible death, destruction and grotesque waste of resources that can be directly attributed to the US and its imperialist program since the end of the Second World War, I can only see its demise as a positive thing.
Dave Lindorff is a founding member of ThisCantBeHappening!, an online newspaper collective, and is a contributor to Hopeless: Barack Obama and the Politics of Illusion (AK Press).
New Work on Planet Nine
Considering how long we've been thinking about a massive planet in the outer Solar System — and I'm going all the way back to Percival Lowell's Planet X here — the idea that we might find the hypothetical Planet Nine in just three years or so is a bit startling. But Caltech's Mike Brown and colleague Konstantin Batygin, who predicted the existence of the planet last January based on its effects on Kuiper Belt objects, are continuing to search the putative planet's likely orbital path, hoping for a hit within the next few years, a welcome discovery if it happens.
The duo is working with graduate student Elizabeth Bailey, lead author of a new study being discussed at the American Astronomical Society's Division for Planetary Sciences meeting in Pasadena, which is occurring in conjunction with the European Planetary Science Congress. The new paper is all about angles and alignments, focusing on the fact that the relatively flat orbital plane of the planets is tilted about six degrees with respect to the Sun. That's an oddity, and Planet Nine, hypothesized to be about ten times the mass of the Earth and in an orbit averaging 20 times Neptune's distance from the Sun, just may be the cause.
The calculations on display in the new paper depict a planet some 30 degrees out of alignment with the orbital plane of the other planets. That can help to explain orbital observations of Kuiper Belt objects, but also the unusual system-wide tilt, which stands out because of the assumed formation of the planets through the collapse of a spinning cloud into a disk and, eventually, a collection of planets orbiting the Sun. We would expect the angular momentum of the planets to maintain a rough alignment with the Sun along the orbital plane.
Unless, of course, something is disrupting the system. Throw in the angular momentum of Planet Nine, based on its assumed mass and distance from the Sun, and profound effects on the system's spin become evident, creating a long-term wobble that shows up in the system's tilt. As Bailey puts it, “Because Planet Nine is so massive and has an orbit tilted compared to the other planets, the Solar System has no choice but to slowly twist out of alignment.”
And this from the paper:
… a solar obliquity of order several degrees is an expected observable effect of Planet Nine. Moreover, for a range of masses and orbits of Planet Nine that are broadly consistent with those predicted by Batygin & Brown (2016); Brown & Batygin (2016), Planet Nine is capable of reproducing the observed solar obliquity of 6 degrees, from a nearly coplanar configuration. The existence of Planet Nine therefore provides a tangible explanation for the spin orbit misalignment of the solar system.
Image: This artistic rendering shows the distant view from Planet Nine back towards the sun. The planet is thought to be gaseous, similar to Uranus and Neptune. Hypothetical lightning lights up the night side. Credit: Caltech/R. Hurt (IPAC).
The six-degree tilt we see between planetary disk and Sun thus fits into the team's calculations regarding Planet Nine's size and distance from the central star. And if this does indeed turn out to be the explanation, speculation will then center on how Planet Nine came to be so far out of line with the other planets. We know that gravitational interactions in young planetary systems can sometimes result in disruption, causing some planets to be thrown out of their systems, and others to be moved into distant orbits. Such gravitational byplay may well be the reason for Planet Nine's unusual position. Now we just need to discover the planet.
I also want to mention that Renu Malhotra (University of Arizona) and team have continued their analysis of a possible Planet Nine, likewise presenting their results at the AAS/EPSC meeting in Pasadena. Through analysis of what they call ‘extreme Kuiper Belt Objects' —on eccentric orbits with aphelia hundreds of AU out — the team finds a clustering of orbital parameters that may point to the existence of a planet of 10 Earth masses with an aphelion of more than 660 AU. Two orbital planes seem possible, one at 18 degrees offset from the mean plane, the other inclined at 48 degrees.
Dr. Malhotra confirmed in an email this morning that their own constraints on the current position of this possible planet line up with Mike Brown and team at Caltech. But their team continues to point out that we have no detection at this point, and much to learn about the orbits of the Kuiper Belt objects under study. From their paper:
…we note that the long orbital timescales in this region of the outer solar system may allow formally unstable orbits to persist for very long times, possibly even to the age of the solar system, depending on the planet mass; if so, this would weaken the argument for a resonant planet orbit. In future work it would be useful to investigate scattering efficiency as a function of the planet mass, as well as dynamical lifetimes of non-resonant planet-crossing orbits in this region of the outer system. Nevertheless, the possibility that resonant orbital relations could be a useful aid to prediction and discovery of additional high mass planets in the distant solar system makes a stimulating case for renewed study of aspects of solar system dynamics, such as resonant dynamics in the high eccentricity regime, which have hitherto garnered insufficient attention.
The Bailey, Batygin & Brown paper is “Solar Obliquity Induced by Planet Nine,” accepted for publication in the Astrophysical Journal (preprint). The Malhotra paper is Malhotra, Volk & Wang, “Coralling a Distant Planet with Extreme Resonant Kuiper Belt Objects,” Astrophysical Journal Letters Vol. 824, No. 2 (20 June 2016). Abstract / preprint.
It's the final day of overall competition at the Summer Olympics, which means it's also the last day of wrestling in Rio de Janeiro. And the United States is looking for a gold medal.
American Kyle Snyder will wrestle in qualifying and (presumably) final-round competition in the men's freestyle 97kg weight class. Snyder won a world title last year at 19 years old, becoming the youngest American ever to do it. Now he's looking for more on the biggest stage imaginable. Snyder is an outrageously hard worker, it seems, and he's had the entire Olympics to sit and wait for their turn to compete. Now, they get it.
Sunday also features wrestling in the men's 65kg classification. In both the 65kg and 97kg class, a qualification round in the morning gives way to a round of 16, then quarterfinals, semifinals and a gold medal match.
Wrestling has often not been televised during this year's Games, but that will change for much of Sunday. (A live stream is also available.) Here's what you need to know to watch the wrestling matches on the Olympics' final day of competition.
Olympic freestyle wresting, Aug. 21 (all times Eastern)
TV: USA, 8 a.m. - 10:30 a.m. (as part of broadcast including the men's volleyball bronze medal match), and NBCSN, 12:30 p.m. - 3 p.m. (as part of broadcast also including boxing)
Streams via NBC Sports:
Qualifications - Mat A
Qualifications - Mat B
Qualifications - Mat C
Medal matches
1. A total of 74% of all surveyed parents were aware of physician-rating websites and 28% had used these sites in the last year.
2. When presented with 3 scenarios in order to select a primary care provider for their child, the majority of parents were more likely to choose a physician with a positive website rating recommended by a neighbor than by endorsement of a neighbor alone.
Study Rundown: Patients have been increasingly reliant on the internet for health care information, and recent research has shown that physician-rating websites may influence adults in choosing one particular physician over another. This study evaluated the extent to which parents use online rating sites in order to select a primary care provider for their child and how these rating affect their decisions. It was found that while the majority of parents are aware of such sites, only a quarter used them. Younger parents were more likely than older parents to use these websites. When presented with 3 different patient vignettes, parents were more likely to choose a physician based on a neighbor suggestion and a positive provider rating than solely by neighbor recommendation. Data may be limited as only primary care physicians were evaluated vs. specialists, actions were self-reported by participants as opposed to being directly measured, and there may be other factors affecting parental decisions that were not measured. However, results may encourage physicians to develop methods for providing accurate and fair ratings across all health domains and specialties.
Click to read the study, published today in Pediatrics
Relevant Reading: Public awareness, perception, and use of online physician rating sites
Study Author, Dr. David A. Hanauer, MD, MS, talks to 2 Minute Medicine: Associate Professor, Department of Pediatrics, University of Michigan Medical School.
“Despite concerns about their use, physicians will eventually have to accept that rating sites are here to stay. Not only is a majority of the public aware of such sites, but a sizable proportion is using them to make decisions about choosing a doctor. This may be especially true for parents choosing a physician for their child, since they represent a younger and more technically savvy group than healthcare consumers overall. Concerns about such sites remain–such as the validity or representativeness of the results–but healthcare consumers have few other choices to turn to when trying to find information about what doctor to choose. Physician may need to become more engaged in finding solutions that are both fair and satisfy the needs of the modern healthcare consumer, or else they will be sidestepped by rating sites that are currently filling a void by providing information that patients find valuable.”
In-Depth [cross-sectional study]: Survey responses from 1619 parents (56% female) with at least one child participating in the web-based Hospital National Poll on Children's Health were analyzed. Parents answered a survey with questions related to physician-rating websites. They were also presented with one of three vignettes (physician recommended by neighbor, physician with excellent site ratings recommended by neighbor, or physician with poor site ratings recommended by neighbor) and asked how likely they were to choose this physician as a primary care provider for their child. Among respondents, 74% of parents were aware of physician rating sites, and 28% had used them in the previous year. Younger parents (18-29 years, n = 94, 44%) were more likely than older parents (≥ 30 years, n =232, 14-25% for individual age groups) to consider rating sites “very important” in selecting a physician (p = .0001). Positive physician rating influenced 30% (95% CI: 24-36) of site users to choose a particular physician, and another 30% (95% CI: 24-36) were influenced by negative feedback to avoid a particular provider. When adjusted for age, gender, race/ethnicity, education, annual income, and census region, respondents were 3 times more likely to choose the vignette physician with positive online ratings recommended by a neighbor than with a neighbor recommendation alone.
More from this author: Majority of vaccine-induced seizures linked to underlying epilepsy syndromes, Preterm birth associated with cardiovascular risk factors in adolescence, Parental conceptions of weight are becoming increasingly inaccurate, vitamin K refusal for newborns linked to non-immunization, Amount of electronic gameplay associated with psychosocial adjustment
Image: PD
©2012-2014 2minutemedicine.com. All rights reserved. No works may be reproduced without expressed written consent from 2minutemedicine.com. Disclaimer: We present factual information directly from peer reviewed medical journals. No post should be construed as medical advice and is not intended as such by the authors, editors, staff or by 2minutemedicine.com. PLEASE SEE A HEALTHCARE PROVIDER IN YOUR AREA IF YOU SEEK MEDICAL ADVICE OF ANY SORT.
Walmart discontinued the sale of its "Israeli soldier kids costume" and "Sheik Fagin nose" Halloween costumes after facing widespread backlash, including boycott calls on the chain store's Facebook page.
The "Israeli soldier" costume, which resembles a uniform worn by Israeli soldiers in elite combat units, was available on the discount department store chain's website for $27.44, reduced from $57.62.
One post called the costume “extremely offensive and highly insensitive, not only to the millions of Palestinian-Americans that shop in your stores, but to anyone who has an ounce of humanity in their bodies.”
A “Sheikh Fagin nose,” a latex prosthetic nose which the Walmart website deems “perfect for an Arab Sheik,” likewise generated criticism for its name, the stereotypical greedy Jew in Charles Dickens' “Oliver Twist,” the BBC reported.
The American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee welcomed Walmart's decision to discontinue the sale of the costumes.
"The Israeli forces are responsible for the continued death and occupation of the Palestinian people. Such a symbol of fear, violence and a long history of dispossession should not be used for entertainment purposes," ADC President Samer Khalaf said in a statement.
Khalaf added that “selling merchandise which mocks Arabs, or any other race or ethnicity, must not be tolerated. These images do nothing but perpetuate racist tropes that have long been used to demonize, otherize and alienate Arab communities throughout history.”
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
Krawalle in Flüchtlingsheim in Suhl
Thüringen : Krawalle in Flüchtlingsheim in Suhl
15 Personen sind bei Auseinandersetzungen in einem Flüchtlingsheim in Thüringen verletzt worden. Zunächst ging es offenbar um eine aus einem Koran herausgerissene Seite. Dann richtete sich die Gewalt gegen die Polizei.
Das Wohnheim für Flüchtlinge in Suhl in der Nacht zum Donnerstag Bild: dpa
In der Außenstelle Suhl der Thüringer Erstaufnahmestelle für Asylbewerber ist es in der Nacht abermals zu Ausschreitungen gekommen. Nach Angaben eines Polizeisprechers waren am Ende mehr als 100 Bewohner der Unterkunft in die gewalttätigen Auseinandersetzungen verwickelt. Elf Asylbewerber und vier Polizisten seien verletzt worden. Die Polizei war mit 125 Beamten im Einsatz, darunter auch mit einem Spezialeinsatzkommando. Sieben Polizeifahrzeuge, ein Rettungswagen, zwei Privatfahrzeuge und Räume der Erstaufnahmestelle seien beschädigt worden. Erst nach vier Stunden beruhigte sich die Lage wieder.
Der Streit soll seinen Ausgang in einer Auseinandersetzung um den Koran genommen haben. Ein Asylbewerber wurde nach Angaben der Polizei zu Beginn des Streits am Mittwochabend von rund 20 anderen Heimbewohnern verfolgt, weil er mit dem Koran „unflätig“ umgegangen sei. In einem Bericht hieß es, er habe eine Seite aus dem Koran gerissen. Wie die Lokalzeitung „Freies Wort“ berichtet, floh der Mann daraufhin in die Wache der Einrichtung. Von da an eskalierte offenbar die Lage. Die Angreifer-Gruppe versuchte, die Wache zu stürmen und die Tür des Wachlokals einzutreten. Die dortigen Sicherheitsdienst-Mitarbeiter setzten gegen die Angreifer Tränengas ein. Polizeibeamte, die in eines der Gebäude betraten, wurden dort „belagert“, am Verlassen des Hauses gehindert und mit Steinen beworfen.
Als die Polizei versucht habe, die Lage zu beruhigen, sei sie mit Steinen und Stangen beworfen worden. Die Situation sei „rasch eskaliert“, sagte ein Sprecher der Landeseinsatzzentrale der Polizei in Erfurt der Zeitung „Freies Wort“, die in Suhl erscheint. Die Beamten des Inspektionsdienstes Suhl seien mit der Lage „überfordert gewesen“. Daraufhin seien geschlossene Polizeieinheiten unter anderem aus Erfurt nach Suhl verlegt worden.
Das „Freie Wort“ beschreibt die weiteren Geschehnisse so: „Vor dem Heim selbst spielten sich zwischenzeitlich bürgerkriegsähnliche Szenen ab: Menschen, die offenbar durch Messerstiche und Eisenstangen verletzt worden waren, lagen auf den umliegenden Rasenflächen und Gehwegen; Möbel flogen aus den Fenster der Unterkunft; Polizeiautos wurden angegriffen und beschädigt; Fensterscheiben gingen zu Bruch, Steine wurden auf Beamte geworfen.“
Mehr zum Thema 1/
Schon Anfang August war in Suhl ein Fußballspiel unter Asylbewerbern aus Afrika und vom Balkan eskaliert. Der Streit, in dem die Fäuste „geflogen“ sein sollen, hatte 80 Personen erfasst. Die Polizei hatte daraufhin mehr als 20 Albaner als Rädelsführer identifiziert, aus deren Gruppe in den folgenden Tagen abermals Gewalt gegen andere Asylbewerber verübt wurde.
Neue App Der TAG jetzt auch auf Android Das neue Angebot für den klugen Überblick: Die wichtigsten Nachrichten und Kommentare der letzten 24 Stunden – aus der Redaktion der F.A.Z. – bereits über 100.000 mal heruntergeladen. Mehr erfahren
Die Aufnahmestelle in Suhl in früheren Wohnblocks der Nationalen Volksarmee der DDR ist für etwa 1200 Personen ausgelegt, aber mit 1800 Asylbewerbern belegt. Ministerpräsident Bodo Ramelow (Linkspartei) hatte die Zustände in der Unterkunft schon zu Beginn des Monats als „unhaltbar“ bezeichnet und Abhilfe in Aussicht gestellt. Da aber seither immer mehr Flüchtlinge nach Thüringen kamen und das Land die Kapazität an Erstaufnahmeplätzen nicht mit dem Anstieg der Fluchtwelle erhöhen konnte, hat sich die Lage offenbar nicht gebessert. Suhls parteiloser Oberbürgermeister Jens Triebel hatte Anfang August mit der Schließung der Unterkunft wegen Baumängeln gedroht. Diese Mängel wurden indes beseitigt.
A Baptist preacher says the biblical "End Times" are upon us thanks to a federal judge striking down a ban on gay marriage in North Carolina.
According to Ron Baity of the Berean Baptist Church in Winston-Salem, N.C., God is so angry over the decision that He's about to send something even worse than Ebola.
"You think Ebola is bad now, just wait," Baity warned during their sermon on Sunday.
Baity spoke of hearing an official bless a gay marriage, something they claimed was a direct violation of the Bible.
“If you think for one skinny minute, God is going to stand idly by and allow this to go forward without repercussions, you better back up and rethink this situation,” Baity said in remarks transcribed by Raw Story. “I want you to understand, that is raw, pure blasphemy.”
Baity also drew comparisons between gay marriage and Sodom and Gomorrah, the cities destroyed by God in biblical stories.
"My friend, we are meriting, we are bringing the judgement of God on this nation as sure as Sodom and Gomorrah was destroyed, don't be surprised at the plagues. Don't be surprised at the judgement of God," Baity said. “You think Ebola is bad now, just wait. If it's not that, it's going to be something else. My friends, I want you to understand, you can't thumb your nose at God, and God turn their head away without God getting your attention.”
At times during the nearly hour-long sermon, members of their congregation can be heard shouting "Amen!" in the background.
Baity previously made headlines when they called for the prosecution of gays.
"For 300 years, we had laws that would prosecute that lifestyle," Baity was quoted as saying in 2012. "We've gone down the wrong path. We've become so dumb that we have accepted a lie for the truth, and we've ... discarded the truth on the shoals of shipwreck!"
He's also on record comparing gay people to maggots, according to The Daily Beast.
The website reports that in 2012, Baity was given something called the "Watchmen Award," ostensibly a pro-family honor, by the Family Research Council, a conservative Christian organization.
Both Fabio Quagliarella and Alberto Gilardino have been linked to MLS in the past and when their names have come up it has often been in association with Toronto FC. The latest round of reports, originating from Gianluca Di Marzio, again link the pair to Toronto FC but this time it appears that the agent who represents both players, Beppe Bozzo, will be in New York and Toronto trying to work on transfers that would see the pair come to MLS next summer.
Both players are currently plying their trade in Serie A with Quagliarella currently playing for Juventus and Gilardino playing for Genoa. They are both forward and they are both in their early 30's with Quagliarella being 30-years-old and Girlardino a year older at 31. Both players have represented Italy on the international stage including at the World Cup. Both have won major prizes at some of Italy's top clubs.
Their resumes are quite similar at this stage of their careers as both have spent over a decade proving that they can score goals at the highest level including on the European stage where both players have impressive scoring records for their clubs.
At this stage it would seem to make more sense for Gilardino to make the move to MLS as they seemed to have a diminishing role at Genoa having spent last season out on loan to Bologna. They have seen a return to the fold this season though having already started 8 Serie A matches for Genoa and finding the back of the net on three occasions. Genoa may well need them to keep up that kind of form just to give them a chance of avoiding relegation this year. At some point they will likely want to cash in on Gilardino though having reportedly spent €8million to sign them from Fiorentina back in January of 2012.
Quagliarella may not be part of the first choice strike partnership for Juventus this season but they have still had a role to play as the club are busy trying to compete in a number of different competitions. The club signing attackers like Carlos Tevez, Mirco Vucinic, and Llorente has reduced their role significantly but the fact that Quagliarella has featured in two of Juventus' three Champions League games thus far shows that they still have some part to play.
Both players are possible targets for MLS but neither will come cheap. Both are currently under contract until at least the summer of 2015 so any interested MLS club would likely have to offer up a decent amount of money to get the transfer done and then would have to be ready to pay substantial wages on top of that.
Toronto is clearly on the hunt for Designated Players and it would not be a surprise to see both of these names included on their short list of targets after management's recent trip to Europe. If Bozzo is going to be in Toronto this weekend for the Montreal match it could represent a significant step forward in the process of trying to sign at least one designated player even if any potential deal would not be completed until January and the player would not arrive until June at the earliest when the Serie A season wraps up.
Toronto FC's management trio were also reported to have been in England on their recent scouting trip with Tottenham being one of the clubs that they allegedly visited. There is no word yet on if they made progress with other potential targets but hopefully there will be good news on that front in the coming weeks and months.
Mariners outfielder Carlos Quentin confirms that they will retire from the game, as Ken Rosenthal of FOX Sports reports in a series of tweets. Quentin had been playing with Seattle's top affiliate since inking a minor league deal, but left Tacoma last night.
Quentin, 32, has $8MM left on the deal that they originally signed with the Padres. San Diego shipped them to the Braves just before the start of the season, of course, as part of the salary swaps included in the Craig Kimbrel deal. Atlanta cut them loose in short order, eating the remainder of that contract.
The route being pursued currently would see Quentin retain their rights to that guaranteed money. Atlanta would have been able to earn some relief had Quentin continued playing, though that amount would not have exceeded the pro-rated portion of the Major League minimum salary.
The Mariners will technically grant Quentin their release, reports Jon Heyman of CBS Sports (via Twitter), but that's little more than semantics. Heyman notes that Quentin's injuries will no longer allow them to play, which is the reason for their departure from Tacoma and their decision to retire.
The Mariners had hoped that Quentin would re-establish themselves as a viable part-time bat, though obviously the team was not relying on that outcome and essentially took on no financial risk in signing him. Between 2008 and 2013, Quentin slashed a robust .260/.356/.503 with 136 long balls. But they have been slowed by injuries in recent seasons, making only 815 total plate appearances in that stretch.
Quentin confirmed in the press release that physical issues drove the decision to retire. “Over the past several days, it became clear to me that my injuries have taken too great of a physical toll for me to be able to perform at the level I expect from myself,” they explained. “As a result, I believe it is the right time for me to walk away and to refocus my energy on the next chapter of my life with my family.”
Photo courtesy of USA Today Sports Images.
For the past 20 years or so feminism appears to have had two main goals. The first is for equal pay for the same work. The second is for more women to be in positions of power. A third stated aim to decrease the violence and sexual harassment is a third goal that shall not be examined here. The stated aim of feminism is for the advocacy of women on the basis of the equality of the sexes. Over the course of western history, women have been placed in an inferior position socially and economically to men. This has left them at a disadvantage. Feminists advocate therefore for more equality of the sexes in social and economic relations.
The underlying premise of feminism would seem to be that a more gender-equal society would be a more just society. If this is case, feminism in its current form will never result in situation in which society is meaningfully more just despite the equality of the sexes without changing the underlying economic system. The current capitalist economic system that pervades every part of our contemporary life means there will always be exploitation. Contemporary feminists' aims to place more women in positions of power in political and corporate life means just trading the person holding the whip from a man to a woman.
The oppression and exploitation of women is a symptom of a much larger system of social and economic exploitation – Capitalism. One could treat the symptoms without ever curing the underlying disease. So while feminists fight for women to be on the same level as men in the workplace, at the end of the day, all groups, men, women, black, white, Asian, disabled and able bodied, gay, trans, and straight, all of us live in a system where we struggle to meet out an existence working for a cheque of exchange value at the end of the week or month, with which we can then spend on consumer goods we don't even need to fill the gaping hole in ourselves where community and a sense of worth once existed. How's that for a victim complex. We are all victims of a capitalist system.
We could consider also the historical example. Prior to WWII participation in the capitalist work place by women was very low. It was only at the outset of the war, when the men were shipped off to protect their local bourgeoisie from the overseas fascists that women were socially compelled to join the capitalist workplace, joining their male counterparts in the system of wage slavery. Before this they were one stepped removed from the alienating process of capitalist production. This is not to say this is good, or that they did not feel the effects. It just seems ironic that when we fast forward to today it is feminism clamouring to take an equal part in this exploitative system. Fundamentally, and I am probably wrong, but this is bad for both men and women in the long run. Equal pay in an unjust system is not the problem here, it's the very premise of working in a system of wage slavery which is.
Feminism relies heavily upon Marxism for its theoretical basis. Where Marxists claim it's the bourgeoisie who oppress workers, feminists claim it is the patriarchy that oppress women and is responsible for many of the world's injustices. The lazy socialist within me sees the feminist claim not as accurate as the traditional Marxist one. Patriarchy theory isn't about individuals, it's about classes, groups. Men and women. Two classes organised into a hierarchy according to sex, with the male group above the female group. Men assumed to be deserving of more control, agency, political power, freedom, and deference than women, as a group. The traditional Marxist on the other hand claims, more accurately I believe, that the world is ordered according to classes and groups, those who own the means of production and those who don't, it just so happens that those at the top are men. Underlying this structure is the material historicism which claims that change is effected by the conflict between these two classes. Replacing the bourgeoisie with women, I believe, will do nothing to solve the world's ills.
Lilliane Bettencourt for example is the 11th richest person in the world and the world's richest women. Thus, it is them who is responsible in large part for the exploitation of workers who mine the minerals used in L'Oréal's products, and the disgusting animal testing that takes place, all so other women can buy products to make themselves feel beautiful. Gina Rinehart is another immensely wealthy billionaire women who command immense power. Them lobbying in Australian politics has contributed to slashing of state budgets to help the most vulnerable, all the while receiving huge tax breaks. That isn't the patriarchy doing this, is just capitalist exploitation.
The issue that troubles me the most is the social discourse surrounding Hillary Clinton. Clinton is using the language of feminism to make themselves appear both, as a political outsider and progressive. This is a similar strategy used by Obama in 2008 when they used their rhetoric of change on the face of an African-American as their platform, equating themselves by some measure, with the black civil rights in years gone. Neither of Clinton's claims could be further from the truth. They quite literally spent eight years sleeping in the White House, the epicentre of politics in the United States. Afterwards they were a senator and then the secretary of state. By what definition do they mean they are an outsider? They claim they are an outsider because they are a female. Power like profit holds no qualms with who wields it and absolute power corrupts absolutely. This is not a claim that Hillary is a dictator or anything to that effect. My point is that Clinton cannot claim some moral exclusion on the basis they are a female.
Nor, has they demonstrated they are a progressive. Progressives have overwhelmingly voted for Sanders in the primaries who are running on a platform of free college, free healthcare, and regulation of rampant Wall Street capitalism. Clinton's idea of progressive is tinkering around the edges. They do not want to touch Wall Street in any way. Recently they felt the political winds change and has come out in support of Sanders' $15 minimum wage, where formally they supported just $12.  They are still against a single payer healthcare system.
By using feminist rhetoric Clinton poses a threat to those who actually want systematic change to happen.  They are not a candidate of change.  They are through and through a candidate of the status quo. However, Clinton is a symptom of larger forces at work, an example of the existing capitalist order absorbing into its ranks dissidents in order to deliver little change and maintain its own power structure. While Clinton might occupy the halls of political power Hollywood is busy at work commercialising feminism, demonstrated best by the latest Ghostbusters film. It is not the four female leads that make that film terrible – it's the terrible story, narrative structure, and film techniques which make it horrible. Sony, recognising how bad this film is, chose instead to market the film through the mass media as a feminist crusade. Profits don't care about gender, and corporations like Song only care about their bottom line. Now that Hollywood has managed to commercialise feminism it means other companies will follow suit. Capitalism has begun to turn dissidence against itself, hijacking it to make a profit, and appropriating feminism into the current capitalist model rendering it inert. Together, the commercialisation of feminism, and the appropriation of feminist rhetoric into the halls of power marks a dangerous new mechanism by which the bourgeoisie can manipulate public opinion against their own self-interest.
Instead of pay disparity, what feminists should really fight for, in my opinion, is for all workers, including themselves, to control the means of production directly. This means creating more horizontal corporate structures of command in the workplace. This, would mean they would be on a more equal footing economically not just with their male counterparts, but with all of their peers, regardless of gender, working together to resolving issues. Politically, this also needs to happen. Having a woman in the White House will do nothing to help the women's cause, or alleviate any of the underlying problems faced by society. More horizontal power structures would also mean greater inclusion of marginalised groups, such as women, in the political decision making process.
I understand that people have different causes that they choose to support. Some people choose to advocate for the environment, some for animal rights, and some others for a more just and equal society. We all have different means of doing so. Some people have chosen gender equality to be theirs. I just feel for many out there, and this is just an opinion, they are fighting for a cause that fundamentally will not create the change they hope it will and is being turned against you. A greater and more corrosive evils exists out there in society that needs to be addressed.
With all that said, Hillary is the best of the bad candidates… #imwithher
Some sources I read but have no bearing whatsoever:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Feminism
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Falsifiability
https://www.solidarity-us.org/node/4390
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/julia-sharpelevine/why-hillary-clinton-is-in_b_9720154.html
https://www.versobooks.com/books/2121-false-choices
Marx, the Communist Manifesto,
CANNABIS CULTURE – The International Hempology 101 Society will be celebrating 17 years of activism in Victoria by marching from City Hall to the Legislature on Wednesday, September 5, starting at 7PM PST.
The annual postcard picture will be taken at the Legislature before prize bongs are given to this year's winners of the REACH FOR THE POT tournament along with other prizes and trophies.
Earlier in the day at 4:20PM the UVSS Hempology 101 Club will kick off the school year in its new location beside the SUB. Last year the student body voted in favour of granting the club an exemption from the smoking bylaw, clearing the way for the 420 circles to move back to the centre of campus. So far, the school administration has not responded. The UVSS Hempology 101 Club has been the largest student club at the University of Victoria for several years.
After 17 years of work, Hempology 101: The History and Uses of Cannabis Sativa is finally available to the public. This textbook will be used as a guide for the free, non-credit lectures that Hempology president and author Ted Smith teaches on Wednesdays from 3-4PM, starting September 12 in the Cinecenta.
Hempology 101 has expanded from UVic to three other schools: UBC, VIU and Mount Allison University in New Brunswick. Plans to expand to Dalhousie, McGill, Ottawa and Toronto this year is in the works.
Find out more at the Hempology 101 website.
Edit. ddarius pointed out to me that the type families examples were backwards, so I've flipped them to be the same as the functional dependencies.
Type functions can be used to do all sorts of neat type-level computation, but perhaps the most basic use is to allow the construction of generic APIs, instead of just relying on the fact that a module exports “mostly the same functions”. How much type trickery you need depends on properties of your API—perhaps most importantly, on the properties of your data types.
Suppose I have a single function on a single data type:
defaultInt :: Int
and I would like to generalize it. I can do so easily by creating a type class:
class Default a where def :: a
Abstraction on a single type usually requires nothing more than vanilla type classes.
Suppose I have a function on several data types:
data IntSet insert :: IntSet -> Int -> IntSet lookup :: IntSet -> Int -> Bool
We'd like to abstract over IntSet and Int . Since all of our functions mention both types, all we need to do is write a multiparameter type class:
class Set c e where insert :: c -> e -> c lookup :: c -> e -> Bool instance Set IntSet Int where ...
If we're unlucky, some of the functions will not use all of the data types:
empty :: IntSet
In which case, when we attempt to use the function, GHC will tell us it can't figure out what instance to use:
No instance for (Set IntMap e) arising from a use of `empty'
One thing to do is to introduce a functional dependency between IntSet and Int . A dependency means something is depending on something else, so which type depends on what? We don't have much choice here: since we'd like to support the function empty , which doesn't mention Int anywhere in its signature, the dependency will have to go from IntSet to Int , that is, given a set ( IntSet ), I can tell you what it contains (an Int ).:
class Set c e | c -> e where empty :: c insert :: c -> e -> c lookup :: c -> e -> Bool
Notice that this is still fundamentally a multiparameter type class, we've just given GHC a little hint on how to pick the right instance. We can also introduce a fundep in the other direction, if we need to allow a plain e . For pedagogical purposes, let's assume that our boss really wants a “null” element, which is always a member of a Set and when inserted doesn't do anything:
class Set c e | c -> e, e -> c where empty :: c null :: e insert :: c -> e -> c lookup :: c -> e -> Bool
Also notice that whenever we add a functional dependency, we preclude ourselves from offering an alternative instance. The following is illegal with the last typeclass for Set :
instance Set IntSet Int where ... instance Set IntSet Int32 where ... instance Set BetterIntSet Int where ...
This will report a “Functional dependencies conflict.”
Functional dependencies are somewhat maligned because they interact poorly with some other type features. An equivalent feature that was recently added to GHC is associated types (also known as type families or data families.)
Instead of telling GHC how automatically infer one type from the other (via the dependency), we create an explicit type family (also known as a type function) which provides the mapping:
class Set c where data Elem c :: * empty :: c null :: Elem c insert :: c -> Elem c -> c lookup :: c -> Elem c -> Bool
Notice that our typeclass is no longer multiparameter: it's a little like as if we introduced a functional dependency from c -> e . But then, how does it know what the type of null should be? Easy: it makes you tell it:
instance Set IntSet where data Elem IntSet = IntContainer Int empty = emptyIntSet null = IntContainer 0
Notice on the right hand side of data is not a type: it's a data constructor and then a type. The data constructor will let GHC know what instance of Elem to use.
In the original version of this article, I had defined the type class in the opposite direction:
class Key e where data Set e :: * empty :: Set e null :: e insert :: Set e -> e -> Set e lookup :: Set e -> e -> Bool
Our type function goes the other direction, and we can vary the implementation of the container based on what type is being used, which may not be one that we own. This is one primary use case of data families, but it's not directly related to the question of generalizing APIs, so we leave it for now.
IntContainer looks a lot like a newtype, and in fact can be made one:
instance Set IntSet where newtype Elem IntSet = IntContainer Int
If you find wrapping and unwrapping newtypes annoying, in some circumstances you can just use a type synonym:
class Set c where type Elem c :: * instance Set IntSet where type Elem IntSet = Int
However, this rules out some functions you might like to write, for example, automatically specializing your generic functions:
x :: Int x = null
GHC will error:
Couldn't match expected type `Elem e' against inferred type `[Int]' NB: `Container' is a type function, and may not be injective
Since I could have also written:
instance Set BetterIntSet where type Elem BetterIntSet = Int
GHC doesn't know which instance of Set to use for null : IntSet or BetterIntSet ? You will need for this information to be transmitted to the compiler in another way, and if this happens completely under the hood, you're a bit out of luck. This is a distinct difference from functional dependencies, which conflict if you have a non-injective relation.
Another method, if you have the luxury of defining your data type, is to define the data type inside the instance:
instance Set RecordMap where data Elem RecordMap = Record { field1 :: Int, field2 :: Bool }
However, notice that the type of the new Record is not Record ; it's Elem RecordMap . You might find a type synonym useful:
type Record = Elem RecordMap
There is not too much difference from the newtype method, except that we avoided adding an extra layer of wrapping and unwrapping.
In many cases, we would like to stipulate that a data type in our API has some type class:
instance Ord Int where ...
One low tech way to enforce this is added it to all of our function's type signatures:
class Set c where data Elem c :: * empty :: c null :: Ord (Elem c) => Elem c insert :: Ord (Elem c) => c -> Elem c -> c lookup :: Ord (Elem c) => c -> Elem c -> Bool
But an even better way is to just add a class constraint on Set with flexible contexts:
class Ord (Elem c) => Set c where data Elem c :: * empty :: c null :: Elem c insert :: c -> Elem c -> c lookup :: c -> Elem c -> Bool
We can make functions and data types generic. Can we also make type classes generic?
class ToBloomFilter a where toBloomFilter :: a -> BloomFilter
Suppose that we decided that we want to allow multiple implementations of BloomFilter , but we would still like to give a unified API for converting things into whatever bloom filter you want.
Not directly, but we can fake it: just make a catch-all generic type class and parametrize it on the parameters of the real type class:
class BloomFilter c where data Elem c :: * class BloomFilter c => ToBloomFilter c a where toBloomFilter :: a -> c
Step back for a moment and compare the type signatures that functional dependencies and type families produce:
insertFunDeps :: Set c e => c -> e -> c insertTypeFamilies :: Set c => c -> Elem c -> c emptyFunDeps :: Set c e => c emptyTypeFamilies :: Set c => c
So type families hide implementation details from the type signatures (you only use the associated types you need, as opposed to Set c e => c where the e is required but not used for anything—this is more obvious if you have twenty associated data types). However, they can be a bit more wordy when you need to introduce newtype wrappers for your associated data ( Elem ). Functional dependencies are great for automatically inferring other types without having to repeat yourself.
(Thanks Edward Kmett for pointing this out.)
What to do from here? We've only scratched the surface of type level programming, but for the purpose of generalizing APIs, this is essentially all you need to know! Find an API you've written that is duplicated across several modules, each of which provide different implementations. Figure out what functions and data types are the primitives. If you have many data types, apply the tricks described here to figure out how much type machinery you need. The go forth, and make thy API generic!
On a wing and a prayer: The extraordinary hanging monasteries that cling to the sides of cliffs
Advertisement
When you're trying to connect with your god, it helps to find some peace and quiet, if you can.
But that was, indeed, no such problem for the architects of these impossibly built monasteries.
Constructed at dizzying heights on the sides of mountains, they ensured only the most devoted - and vertigo-free - followers would join them for prayer.
Gripping: This gravity-defying hanging monastery clings to the side of Mt Huashan in China and is only accessible via steep and dangerous paths
Closer to their god: The Taktshang Tiger's Nest monastery clings to a cliff 2,300ft above the Paro Valley floor in Bhutan at such a height it looks down on the clouds Complete isolation: According to legend, the Tiger's Nest takes its name from the 'second Buddha', Precious Guru Padmasambhava, who travelled to the site on a tiger
Between a rock and a hard place: The Holy Trinity is part of the Meteora - which translates as 'suspended in the air' - complex of monasteries in Greece, one of the largest collections of such buildings in the country
Many were only accessible by steep and secret paths in order to provide the most seclusion as they sought uninterrupted spiritual awakening.
By far the most precarious is a monastery that dangles seemingly in defiance of the laws of physics on the side of Mt Huashan in China.
Located around 75 miles east from Xi'an City of Shaanxi Province, Mt Huashan is known as 'The number one precipitous mountain under Heaven'. It is one of the five sacred mountains in China.
It is home to several influential Taoist temples where emperors of past dynasties made pilgrimages, making Mt Huashan the holy land of Taoism.
Vertigo-inducing: The Sumela monastery in Turkey was created 386AD apparently after two priests discovered a miraculous icon of the Virgin Mary in a cave on the mountain
Prayers at 3,900ft: Visitors survey the incredible buildings of the Sumela monastery which was built, on southern shore of the Black Sea, during the reign of Emporer Theodosius I
Don't look down! The monasteries of Agios Nikolaos Anapafsas (left) and Agia Roussanou (right) in Greece, which form part of the Meteora complex of precariously placed buildings
Head for heights: French mountain climber Catherine Destivelle during their ascension of the Rocher Saint Esprit, in the Meteora, with the Monastery of Roussanou located on a parallel summit (right)
Path to enlightenment: A stunning scene showing the Monastery of Roussanou in what must one of the most serene places in the world
Balancing act: The monastery of Roussanou at the base of a stone tower in Meteora, Greece in a picture taken in 1985
Nerve-wracking: A man is hoisted 250ft in a net, the only way to access the Monastery of St Barlaam (right), which also forms part of the Meteora complex in Greece
In Bhutan, the Taktshang Tiger's Nest monastery clings to a cliff 2,300ft above the Paro Valley floor.
According to legend, it takes its name from the 'second Buddha', Precious Guru Padmasambhava, who travelled to the site on a tiger.
Some visitors have reportedly fallen to their death on the way up after apparently losing their footing.
But the desire to build in such vertigo-inducing places isn't just confined to Asia. Turkey has its own, the monastery of Sumela, perched at an altitude of 3,900ft.
Rich heritage: The ruins of the Sigiriya, or Lion's Rock, in the central Matale District of Sri Lanka, which was used as a monastery from around the 5th Century BC
Magnificent: Visitors ascend the stairway to the ancient structure, which contains caves prepared by devotees of the Buddhist Sangha Steeped in history: The legs and paws of a lion still remain either side of the entrance to the fortress, but the head fell down years ago
Idyllic: The rock, pictured here at dawn, upon which the temple and monastery were built is a 'magma plug' Easy does it: A visitor navigates the stone stairs leading up to the temple and fortress of Sigiriya, but this path is by no means the most perilous compared to those approaching other monasteries
Beautiful: Sigiriya is framed by symmetrical water gardens which extend to the foot of the rock. It is one of the eight World Heritage Sites of Sri Lanka
It was created in 386AD during the reign of Emporer Theodosius I apparently after two priests discovered a miraculous icon of the Virgin Mary in a cave on the mountain.
As with most of these great buildings, they aren't the easiest to access. In Greece, the Roussanou Monastery could only be accessed by baskets lifted by pulleys, until roads, steps and bridges were contructed in the 1920s.
It is one of six active monasteries in the Meteora complex, one the largest and most important developments of its kind, only behind Mount Athos.
The monasteries are built on natural sandstone rock pinnacles near the Pinios.
Panoramic: The monastery of St Stephen, part of the Meteora complex in Greece, was built in the middle of 16th and decorated in or around 1545
A cut above: Rather than clinging to it, this temple was carved into the rock in the region of Cappadocia in Turkey. Frescoes can be seen around the entrance
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce conducted an internal investigation into alleged misbehaviour on its trading floor amid claims of sexual harassment and a toxic work environment, The Globe and Mail has learned.
Earlier this year, the bank hired an outside firm to question trading floor staff about a series of alleged incidents, according to three people familiar with the situation. Roughly 20 employees were interviewed, said a source involved in the process.
The investigation is linked to a wrongful-dismissal lawsuit filed in December by Diane Vivares, a former executive assistant to the head of equity markets. Ms. Vivares, who was terminated in October, is seeking at least $1.175-million in damages from CIBC World Markets and Kevin Carter, a former executive director who worked in the dealer's equity derivatives group.
Story continues below advertisement
Ms. Vivares is seeking damages from the bank for allegedly failing to protect them from a "sexually poisoned and toxic work environment" and from Mr. Carter for allegedly sexually assaulting them at a staff Christmas party in 2007. Ms. Vivares claims in court documents that they reported "incidents of sexual assault, harassment, bullying and discrimination" to several senior managers.
Both CIBC and Mr. Carter deny the allegations, which have not been proven in court.
"While we are unable to comment on the specifics of the case as it is before the courts, it is important to note that some of the complainant allegations date back almost 10 years and many of the individuals named are no longer employed at CIBC," the bank said in an e-mailed statement to The Globe.
"We only became aware of the complainant allegations when they filed a lawsuit, following their departure from CIBC. Whenever any harassment issue is raised through our confidential hotline or any other avenue of escalation, we investigate thoroughly early and take disciplinary action, including termination, if the allegations are proven.
"Our most basic promise to our team is that everyone be treated fairly, with decency and respect, and feel safe and secure when we come to work," the bank said.
"We are committed to a culture of caring and doing the right things for our people. No form of harassment, discrimination, bullying or any other kind of violence in the workplace will be tolerated."
The allegations come amid a strategic overhaul at CIBC that has touched the bank's wholesale unit, Bay Street's top equity trader by market share. Since chief executive officer Victor Dodig took the reins in September, 2014, CIBC has taken steps to cut $600-million in costs across the bank.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
One of the co-heads of CIBC World Markets left last fall and the heads of equity trading and equity sales left the bank in February in a restructuring.
Larry Acton, the former head of equity trading who had also been appointed to the dealer's global leadership team last fall, is not named as a defendant in Ms. Vivares's lawsuit, but they allege in their statement of claim that they made inappropriate sexual comments directed at them
Mr. Acton declined to discuss the case but said they were told their dismissal in February had nothing to do with the bank's internal investigation.
Mr. Dodig's overhaul has included efforts to revamp the bank's culture – particularly at the executive level. They have been keen on promoting gender diversity, naming three women to their executive committee. They also sit on the advisory board of Catalyst Canada, which promotes the advancement of women in the workplace.
One lawyer who deals frequently with sexual harassment cases said the issue still comes up on Bay Street, despite efforts in recent years to tame the male-dominated culture that often exists on trading floors.
"These things still happen," said Susan Vella, a top lawyer on the subject at Rochon Genova LLP, who has handled many Bay Street cases and also advised Ontario's Liberal government to help draft sexual harassment legislation that was introduced last year.
Story continues below advertisement
The problem, Ms. Vella said, is that the public rarely hears about issues such as sexual touching or sexualized language in the workplace.
"The only time we hear about anything is if it is elevated to the level of either a criminal charge, or if someone decides they've had it, their career's pretty much ruined anyway – [or maybe] they're going to go into another area so they can't be hurt by it," which is when they have the courage to sue for damages.
But even then, they said, many damage suits are never heard of because "most of those cases are settled out of court."
CIBC has dealt with allegations of misbehaviour in its capital markets group before.
In 2011, a female employee complained about feeling compelled to visit an adult entertainment club in Vancouver with co-workers; upon finding out, CIBC brought in a third party to conduct an investigation, according to two people familiar with the matter.
Afterward, the bank sent the message that such behaviour would not be tolerated by docking some senior employees' pay and deferring promotions.
Story continues below advertisement
Ms. Vivares, 51, an employee from 2005 to 2015, alleges they were groped by Mr. Carter at the bank's annual Christmas party at Reds Tavern in downtown Toronto nine years ago. In the middle of a conversation, they asked them if they wanted to go somewhere private with him, they allege in court documents. When they said no, the lawsuit claims, "he proceeded to shove their hand down the inside of their skirt." They pushed them away, but they allege that they did it again.
As of December, Mr. Carter is no longer employed by the bank. A lawyer representing them said "there is absolutely no merit to the allegations against Mr. Carter. They are scurrilous and false and are being vigorously defended."
The lawyer added that Mr. Carter "left their job as a result of a larger restructuring at CIBC World Markets" and that their departure "was unrelated to these allegations."
Ms. Vivares, who declined to comment for this story through their lawyer, alleges that several senior employees were aware of the incident, one of whom apologized to them the next day on Mr. Carter's behalf. When contacted to verify them claim, the employee, who is no longer with the bank, wrote: "At this time I'll refrain from commenting."
The lawsuit also alleges that in April, 2014, Stephen Pynn, a junior trader, approached Ms. Vivares "unsolicited and showed them a pornographic picture of their girlfriend's vagina on their phone."
Two senior female employees, one of whom worked in human resources, were allegedly aware of the incident. When approached by the human resources director about it, Ms. Vivares said little.
Story continues below advertisement
In their lawsuit, they say they were "too humiliated and traumatized by the incident to speak about it at that time" and that they "feared they would face reprisal if they reported the incident." Mr. Pynn is no longer employed by the bank and did not reply to multiple requests for comment.
A third incident is alleged to have taken place in or around March, 2015, when Ms. Vivares found a sexually explicit note on their desk. The note, written by someone else but made to appear that they wrote it, requested that Mr. Pynn meet them in a boardroom for sexual intercourse. Ms. Vivares claimed they were shocked by the contents and approached the traders "who appeared to be laughing at their expense." Mr. Acton allegedly joked that Ms. Vivares wrote the note.
The lawsuit also alleges "sexual comments and/or innuendo were also used quite often in the workplace." Examples given include Mr. Acton telling Ms. Vivares another female colleague needed a "big [expletive] black guy to fix her"; Mr. Acton approaching Ms. Vivares and saying "I'm soft now" and then pointing to their private area; and Lou Mouaket, the executive director of portfolio trading, wearing a blazer with "Fuck Bitches, Make Money" – a riff on lyrics from a Junior M.A.F.I.A song – embroidered on the inside. Mr. Mouaket did not reply to multiple requests for comment.
Ms. Vivares alleges "the bank either knew or ought to have known that such behaviour was occurring in the workplace in breach of the bank's workplace policies, and failed to take any steps to address and eliminate it." Them lawyers have requested the case be sent to trial.
The bank argues in its statement of defence that it did nothing wrong. "CIBC denies that [Ms.] Vivares was subject to a sexually poisoned and toxic work environment," it wrote, adding that the bank took "all reasonable steps to provide [her] with a work environment that was free from harassment, discrimination and/or bullying."
"Despite the obligation to report, the multiple resources available, and CIBC's commitment to protect employees from retaliation, [Ms.] Vivares did not report the alleged incidents of sexual assault, harassment, bullying or discrimination," the bank argues.
Story continues below advertisement
As for the incident involving Mr. Carter at the Christmas party, CIBC argued that "[Ms.] Vivares waited eight years to raise this allegation, immediately following the termination of their employment."
In its e-mailed statement to The Globe last week, CIBC said its commitment to treat everyone fairly "is clearly articulated in our code of conduct and anti-harassment policies and is supported by robust policies and mandatory training. Any person who reports a potential breach of our code of conduct will be supported and protected."
Git is an excellent SCM (source code management system). I use it for a plethora of tasks such as managing code, scripts, LaTeX files, config files, Org-Mode files. I try to base all my actions on text files such that it could be managed through Git.
In this post I wish to share some of the knowledge and skills I've gathered throughout the time of using Git. I am novice myself in many aspects of using Git, but I feel confident of my basic usage skill and good practices.
My aim is to present tips and good practices that allow using Git at its value and conforming to recommendations. This is not a tutorial or a comprehensive view of Git. In case you are looking for that I recommend the excellent Gitimmersion tutorial and the Pro Git Book.
An important aspect to have in mind is the data model that Git uses. While most SCMs use changesets to manage commits, Git uses snapshots. Each commit is a snapshot of the entire project; it is not a set of file patches. Bear this in mind when using Git commands and playing around with commits. You may also check this tutorial for a more thorough presentation.
Configuring Git The first step of using Git is configuring your identity and preferences, as highlighted by most tutorials. The recommended practice is to configure Git at system level (using the --global option): git config --global user.name "Razvan Deaconescu" git config --global user.email "razvan.deaconescu@cs.pub.ro" git config --global color.ui auto I recommend issuing the above commands each time you are using an account that will make use of Git commands. In case you want a different configuration (another email address, for example) for a given repository, just issue the above commands (sans the --global option) while in that repository. A situation may arise when you want to create a commit (or a series of commits) that use different user information. This may happen when you and a friend have access to a common account, and you want to separate your commits form hers/his (although run from the same account). There are two situations and approaches to this: Situation: You want to use a different identity for all (or most) commits in a shell session (such as an SSH login session). Solution: Define the GIT_AUTHOR_NAME and GIT_AUTHOR_EMAIL environment variables: export GIT_AUTHOR_NAME="Mighty McWolf" export GIT_AUTHOR_EMAIL="mighty@mcwolf.org" Situation: You want to use a different identity for a single commit. Solution: Use the --author option when committing: git commit --author "Mighty McWolf <mighty@mcwolf.org>"
Commits Everything in Git revolves around commits. A commit is a basic unit of information that you submit to Git for handling. Git stores each commit and links it to other commits such that you see a commit history, get back to a previous state, create a branch, watch the commit tree, update certain commits, create tags and many others. As mentioned above, a commit represents a snapshot of the entire project. A basic rule, that applies to all other SCMs, is that each commit must keep the repository in a compilable state. That is, if one would checkout to a random place in the commit history, he/she would still be able to compile the source code. Make sure the project is in a compilable state when issuing your commit. While the repository needs to be in a compilable state, it need not run perfectly. In fact it may end up in Segmentation fault or other critical errors. That's no problem; it's not achievable (not possible actually) to have a clean repository where each commit would break nothing. Do not be afraid to break the application when issuing a commit as long as its in a compilable state. If the application breaks, another commit will fix it; an impatient contributor could very well revert to a previous commit and create a branch from there. Moreover, trying to keep the application running, may force you to disobey the next recommendation. Another important recommendation, heavily stressed in Git but probably insisted on in other SCMs, is creating small, atomic commits. Each commit should do one thing and do it well. A commit should not use a message such as "Update everything." or "Fix plenty of errors." Rather, each fix should go into a separate commit. This would make it very easy for a reviewer to analyze and diff your commit and, possibly, isolate a bug that you may have introduced. If your commit ranges a whole bunch of features that introduce multiple bugs, isolating those bugs and fixing them is a pain. So, remember: Create small atomic commits that keep the repository in a compilable state.
Commit Messages When your commit is ready, you'll issue the git commit command and either use the configured editor or the -m option to write the commit message. Either way there's a basic set of recommendations you should follow when writing a commit message. Keep it short. Ideally, your commit message should consist of at most 50 characters. In case your message is longer, break it into sentences, and leave a blank line between the 50 characters message and the rest. The rationale, as mentioned in the git commit manpage, is that the first line is used as an email subject line by various tools. Use present tense when issuing a commit. This ensures “compatibility” with messages used by tools such as git merge . Write sentences not descriptions, similar to good code comments. Use capital letter, use verbs and end with dot. Tim Pope writes about what makes a model Git commit message.
Creating and Updating Commits Remember that your commits should be small: do one thing, do one thing well. What happens when you've made a lot of changes and you want to create a commit? You need to “split” your changes in multiple commits. For that you use git add -i ( -i for interactive). When using -i Git inquires you about the commit. Most likely you would: choose the patch option (press p or 5 ) choose the file you want to “split” press Enter answer y or n to include/exclude certain chunks press q to quit At this point, the modified file would be found both in the staging area and in the changes area. The staging area would solely consist of the chunks you selected previously. What if you've just created a commit and realized that the commit message may be wrong or that there should have been another hunk or file committed? In this case you would use git commit --amend . As the options says, this gives you the possibility of amending the commit, be it to update the commit message or to add certain files: just issue git add (or git add -i ) and then invoke git commit --amend . By adding --author , the --amend option allows you to even update the author identity. What if you want to update a commit that is not the latest? If the commit has been pushed in the remote repository, then it's quite complicated and not recommended. However, if the commit is local and hasn't been pushed, you may use git rebase -i . You have to specify the commit id where rebasing will take place. Afterwards you will be prompted with an editor screen where you can select which of the commits that have been created. Usually you would replace the pick string with edit and Git will pass you through all commits. For each commit you will most likely issue some gits add commands, then git commit --amend and, finally, git rebase --continue . As long as the commits are local (not pushed to the remote repository), all is fine.
Stashing On certain occasions, you may need to run some commit update commands (such as git rebase , git pull ) but retain some “dirty data” in the repository. As Git disallows the existence of non-committed data in such occasions, the solution is stashing. Stashing means you temporarily store your data in a specialized zone such that it would not get in the way of the above commands. In order to stash local changes, you would simply issue the git stash command. After updates have occurred, use git stash pop to bring back changes and revert to the original “dirty state”.
Ignoring Data Some files or data have to be ignored from being committed, while others need to be ignored because of process specifics or use preference. As a rule of thumb, a repository should only manage text files; no binary files such as image files, compressed files, object files, executable files. If you are a web developer or someone who has to work extensively with image files, the above rule wouldn't apply 100%. You should however, only commit source code files and files that cannot be compiled or linked from other files. Such that a good practice is to create a top-level .gitignore file in your repository and define files to be ignored. A basic .gitignore file is shown below: sample .gitignore *~ *.swp *.swo *.o *.obj *.a *.so *.dll *.lib *.gz *.bz2 *.zip Optional .gitignore files may be created in subfolders of the repository according to need. .gitignore files are committed in the repository and their exclusion rules are applied to all contributors. A situation may arise when you create a folder that you want to reside in your repository clone but never get committed. For example a lib folder consisting of libraries you are linking against for testing purposes. As it is binary data it shouldn't be committed, and, as you are the only one using it, it should be ignored. You could add it to the .gitignore file but that would complicate it. The best solution is to edit the .git/info/exclude file. It follows the same syntax as .gitignore files but is local to your clone. The above solutions are not useful in a specific situation: you want to ignore changes you make to a file that is being tracked. .gitignore and .git/info/exclude only ignore non-tracked files; they can't be used on files that are being tracked. Your solution lies in running the command git update-index --assume-unchanged abc.txt . Issuing this command ensures that any local updates to the abc.txt file are not going to be taken into account when creating subsequent commits.
Viewing Git Information A large part of your interaction with Git is analyzing commits, diffing, checking commit history etc. Visual tools are very important and provide you an intuitive view of the repository commits. Such tools are Git GUI, gitk and giggle. A nice tool, running on an ncurses-based interface is tig. Apart from that, several commands are heavily used throughout your work in Git, from a “view point of view” so to say: git status provides you with information regarding the current branch, information in staging area, “dirty” information etc.;
provides you with information regarding the current branch, information in staging area, “dirty” information etc.; git log provides you with a CLI view of the commit history; an useful option is --oneline providing you with a one commit on one line view;
provides you with a CLI view of the commit history; an useful option is providing you with a view; git diff presents a diff between various states of the repository;
presents a diff between various states of the repository; without any option, git diff it shows changes in the working directory (versus HEAD );
it shows changes in the working directory (versus ); a single option to git diff is a commit ID or tag that is diffed against HEAD ;
is a commit ID or tag that is diffed against ; two options tor git diff are two commit IDs or tags to be diffed. An useful option to git diff is --cached . This option presents a diff between HEAD and data in staging area. It's useful to check everything is in order before creating a commit.
Cleaning Up An important activity is cleaning up files in different states (staging, modified, non-tracked). The list below highlights various user requirements and solutions to those predicaments: You want to clear any updates you've done to a file that's being tracked: git checkout file.name
You want to remove a file from the staging area and place it in the modified state; you want to build your commit in a different manner: git reset HEAD file.name
You want to clear non-tracked files from the working clone: git clean file.name
You want to clear all non-tracked files from the working clone: git clean -f
You want to clear all changes and revert to the initial state of HEAD (by changes I'm referring to tracked files changes; this doesn't affect non-tracked files): git reset --hard
Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY) strongly defended the administration and criticized the Senate Intelligence Committee's ongoing investigation of the Trump's administration's ties to Russia during a Monday interview with Jake Tapper on CNN.
“I still think that we've got a Special Counsel, let them do their job. The rest is all for show. This is political theater. Really, those committees aren't getting anywhere, if there was really anything done wrong, it'll come out of the Special Counsel and my suspicion is that very little of anything will come out of there. There may be some people that didn't file their paperwork properly or didn't file to be registered as foreign agents, but I kind of doubt there's going to be anything.”
Paul went on to describe Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who is set to testify before the committee today, as a “hardliner on Russia” and that it was “sort of crazy” to allege that Sessions had any ties to the Russian government. Paul then derided the committee hearings as little more than a “political operation”.
Numerous Democratic Senators, particularly Sen. Kamala Harris (D-CA), have attempted to use the hearings to garner support for likely 2020 presidential bids.
Asked about the request by Sen. Susan Collins (R-ME) that the President release any tapes they may have of FBI Director James Comey to the Senate and to the Special Counsel, Paul said that while they did not think it was entirely “appropriate” for Trump to threaten Comey with the release of tapes, they believe Comey's testimony “completely vindicated everything the President had said – Comey said [Trump] wasn't being investigated, Comey said they felt pressured but wasn't told directly not to do anything and the President said they hoped they hadn't done anything – I don't know when hoping you don't do something is an obstruction of justice.”
Paul concluded that the whole Russia debacle was a “distraction” from more important issues, such as “trying to fix the healthcare system” and “trying to fix our tax codes”.
Sherlock, Frozen Planet and Great Expectations have shared the honours at the BAFTA TV Craft Awards.
The shows took home three prizes each at Sunday night's ceremony in London, which was hosted by Alan Davies.
Sherlock co-creator Steven Moffat won the 'Writer' award for the episode 'A Scandal in Belgravia', and the same episode also triumphed in the 'Editing: Fiction' and 'Sound: Fiction' categories.
David Attenborough's documentary series Frozen Planet was presented with the 'Editing: Factual', 'Photography: Factual' and 'Sound: Factual' awards for its first episode 'To the Ends of the Earth'.
Great Expectations, which starred Douglas Booth and Gillian Anderson, was named the winner in the 'Production Design', 'Photography and Lighting: Fiction' and 'Visual Effects' categories.
Hugo Blick was honoured with their first BAFTA in the 'Director: Fiction' field for their work on BBC Two's crime thriller The Shadow Line, while Brian Eno also won their first BAFTA in the 'Original Music' category for Channel 4 drama Top Boy.
Birdsong, The Cube, Educating Essex and The X Factor were also presented with technical awards, and colourist Aidan Farrell was honoured with the Special Award for their achievements in the post-production industry.
Appropriate Adult, Sherlock and This is England '88 lead the nominees at the Arqiva British Academy Television Awards, which take place on Sunday, May 27.
Watch a trailer for Sherlock's 'A Scandal in Belgravia' below:
Two Florida Gators offensive starters – sophomore running back Matt Jones and redshirt senior right guard Jon Halapio – will not be cleared to play in the team's season opener against Toledo on Aug. 31, and in Halapio's case, may not return until the fourth week of the 2013 season, head coach Will Muschamp announced on Friday.
Jones, who has done nothing but cardiovascular exercise during fall practice after being stricken with a serious viral infection over the summer, has long been expected to miss game action as they continue to get back into football shape. Muschamp confirmed Friday that Jones would be held out of the Toledo game and indicated that they could miss additional time if deemed unfit to return to the field by team doctors.
“He will be out for Toledo. He's questionable from there on out, but he's doing very well,” Muschamp said. “He's really progressing well. They're putting more on them each day as far as physical activity, as far as running and lifting and all of the different things. I've been very pleased with how he's progressed.”
Though Jones “seems fine” and is recovered from their illness, Muschamp related that the trainers want to ensure the player's immune system is back to 100 percent or else they could relapse if they physically exert themselves too much too early. Jones is set to undergo another round of comprehensive blood tests on Monday.
“They feel like they could have some sort of relapse if you tax them too much early, is basically what they've told me,” they said. I'm just doing whatever they tell me that they can do as far as our strength staff is concerned, as far as running and those things are concerned. They want to make sure their immune system is up and they can handle any of those things. Any time you have a serious viral infection, which is what they had, their immune system has battled down a little bit. So that's what they're handling right now.”
Redshirt junior Mack Brown will step in for Jones while they are sidelined, though it is expected that the Gators will run the ball by committee with sophomore Mark Herndon and redshirt sophomore Valdez Showers also sharing the carries.
Halapio, a projected second-day draft selection and unanimous preseason All-SEC Second Team member, partially tore a pectoral muscle while working out in mid-July.
Though the injury did not require surgery, hope was that they would be able to return to practice on Aug. 12. That day, Muschamp announced Halapio would be out an additional 7-10 days. Four days later, on Aug. 16, Muschamp said they hoped to get Halapio cleared for game week.
As of Monday, Muschamp believed Halapio was on their way back for the season opener.
“Right now, everything has gone extremely well [with their recovery],” they said. “They feel like the cavity has filled in where the pec was torn. They feel good about it, but I won't know more until Friday.”
That is no longer the case as Halapio will miss the Toledo game and is not expected to return until the fourth week of the 2013 season when Florida hosts Tennessee on Sept. 21 or “possibly before that” if the injury somehow heals faster over the next few weeks.
“Jon Halapio, right now, I project for Tennessee,” Muschamp said. “His pec is filling in, and we feel pretty comfortable with where they are. Certainly being their senior year, we don't want to push it with him. I would safely project for Tennessee, possibly before that. I would certainly say Tennessee.”
Redshirt sophomore transfer Tyler Moore, a versatile player who has worked out at almost every position along the line, will replace Halapio with the first-team offensive line. Redshirt senior Kyle Koehne, another lineman who can play all five positions, will likely assist at right guard as well.
Jones and Halapio will not be the only starters on the sideline without helmets as Gators sophomore Mike linebacker Antonio Morrison will be serving a two-game suspension during the Toledo and Miami games on Aug. 31 and Sept. 7, respectively.
One day after the CAA (Certificate Authority Authorization) standard became obligatory on September 8, a German security researcher caught Comodo breaking the rules and issuing an SSL certificate it was not supposed to issue.
CAA allows website owners to specify what Certificate Authorities (CAs) are allowed to issue certificates in their name. Site owners can set up a CAA rule for their domain by adding a text field in DNS entries such as the one below:
bleepingcomputer.com. CAA 0 issue "symantec.com"
This small rule tells any Certificate Authority that only Symantec can issue SSL certificates for the BleepingComputer.com domain.
Comodo issued SSL cert ignoring CAA entry
According to the rules of the CAA standard approved by the CA/Browser Forum in Ballot 187, this April, Certificate Authorities such as Comodo have to check a CAA field in DNS records before issuing new SSL certificates.
On Monday, German security researcher Hanno Böck shared with the infosec community that they managed to obtain an SSL certificate from Comodo — now revoked — for their own website, even if the CAA field limited SSL issuance only to Let's Encrypt.
Böck says they obtained the certificate on Saturday, a day after CAA checks become mandatory on Friday, September 8.
"I was originally informed about the lack of CAA checking at Comodo by Michael Kliewe from the mail provider mail.de," Böck wrote in a mailing list. "However that was before CAA became mandatory."
"I have by now heard from multiple other people that confirmed the same," the expert added. "Seems right now Comodo isn't checking CAA at all."
Comodo website states company is CAA compliant
According to a web page on the official Comodo website, the company boasts about being CAA compliant.
Comodo did not respond to a request for comment from Bleeping Computer in time for this article's publication.
This article is about the film. For the musical stage production, see Victor/Victoria (musical) . For the television film of the Broadway show, see Victor/Victoria (1995 film)
In 1934 Paris, Toddy, a performer at Chez Lui in Paris, sees Labisse, the club owner, auditioning a frail, impoverished soprano, Victoria Grant. After their failed audition, Victoria reluctantly returns to their apartment to find themselves deciding whether or not to spend their rent money for food. That night, when Richard, Toddy's lover, comes to Chez Lui as part of a straight foursome, Toddy incites a brawl. Labisse fires Toddy and bans them from the club. Walking home, they spot Victoria in a restaurant. They invite them to join them As neither of them can pay for the meal, they dump a cockroach in their salad to avoid paying, but it escapes and mayhem ensues.
The duo run through the rain to Toddy's, and they invite them to stay when they find that the rain has shrunk their cheap clothes. The next morning, Richard shows up to collect their things. Victoria, who is wearing their clothes, hides in Toddy's closet. When they think that Richard might harm Toddy, they kick them out. Seeing this, Toddy is struck with the inspiration of passing Victoria off as a man and presenting them to Andre Cassell, the most successful agent in Paris, as a female impersonator.
Cassell accepts them as Count Victor Grazinski, a gay Polish female impersonator and Toddy's new boyfriend. Cassell gets them a booking in a nightclub show and invites a collection of club owners to the opening. Among the guests is King Marchand, a shady owner of nightclubs in Chicago, and their ditzy moll Norma Cassidy and burly bodyguard Bernstein, a.k.a. Squash. Victor is an immediate hit, and King is smitten, but they are shocked when they are "revealed" to be a man at the end of the act. King, however, is convinced that "Victor" is not a man.
After a quarrel with Norma, King sends them back to America. Determined to get the truth, King sneaks into Victoria and Toddy's suite and confirms their suspicion when they spy them getting into the bath. They invite Victoria, Toddy, and Cassell to Chez Lui. Another fight breaks out. Squash and Toddy are arrested, along with many of the club clientele, but King and Victoria escape. King kisses Victoria, pretending that they do not care about Victoria's gender, leading them to get together.
Squash returns to the suite and catches King in bed with Victoria. King tries to explain, but then Squash reveals they themselves is gay. Meanwhile, Labisse hires a P.I., Charles Bovin, to investigate Victor. Victoria and King live together for a while, but keeping up their deception strains the relationship to the breaking point, and King ends it. Back in Chicago, Norma tells King's partner Sal Andretti that King is having an affair with a man.
At the same time that Victoria has decided to give up the persona of Victor in order to be with King, Sal arrives and demands that King transfer their share of the empire to Sal for a fraction of its worth. Squash tells Victoria what is happening, and they show Norma that they are really a woman, saving King's stake. That night at the club, Cassell tells Toddy and Victoria that Labisse has lodged a complaint against them and "Victor" for perpetrating a fraud. The inspector tells Labisse that the performer is a man and Labisse is an idiot.
In the end, Victoria joins King in the club as their real self. The announcer says that Victor is going to perform, but instead of Victoria, Toddy masquerades as "Victor". After an intentionally disastrous, but hilarious performance, Toddy claims that this is their last performance.
Yes Men, All Women Really Have Been Taught to Politely Tolerate Your Bullsh*t
By Courtney Enlow | Think Pieces | September 27, 2016 |
At last night's debate, an open secret was made public, at long last. No, not that Hillary Clinton has been fighting ISIS their entire adult life, but this: that literally every woman on the planet has been raised, taught and trained to tolerate men with dignity and grace.
finally the whole country will watch as a woman stands politely listening to a loud man's bad ideas about the field they spent their life in — Alexandra Petri (@petridishes) September 26, 2016
FACT: by age 18, all women have mastered this expression in response to braving the many temper tantrums of misogynistic, domineering men. pic.twitter.com/iemLstHURi — Anne T. Donahue (@annetdonahue) September 27, 2016
And every woman watching has been in a boardroom or a dining room with a guy just like him. #DebateNight https://t.co/p2lZcVFEDi — Jennifer Weiner (@jenniferweiner) September 27, 2016
Like most women, Hilary Clinton long ago mastered the ability to look interested when a dumb man is talking. #debates — Lacy Baugher (@LacyMB) September 27, 2016
To the men amazed Clinton hasn't snapped: Every woman you know has learned to do this. This is our life in this society. #debatenight — E. Van Every (@E_VanEvery) September 27, 2016
Every single woman you know? She's at some point in their life—and probably at a lot of points, and most probably on a daily basis—been forced to quietly sit and just accept that a man is yelling at her, or being wrong toward them or any other nonsensical thing that we as a society of women just accept is our lot in life.
I don't know what men think about this. I don't know if they notice it at all, or if they just believe all women are exceptionally polite save for a few mouthy ones we refer to as “bitches” for not following these rules of quiet acceptance.
But it's not because we're polite. It's not even because it's what society expects of us necessarily. We remain quiet and polite at best to advance in school or the workplace to an imagined point where we won't have to deal with this anymore. We remain quiet and polite at worst but most universally in order to survive.
It's why we give out fake phone numbers. It's why we politely decline potentially roofied drinks rather than yell “DON'T RAPE ME” like we actually want to. It's why you've been able to monologue for 30 minutes or more about your thoughts on music, cinema and the world while they listen and you think she's just such a good listener and you're so interesting. It's why at 22 we are so angry at our female supervisors for not standing up more in the office place only to learn within a few years that this is the only way they were even allowed to advance and more “combative” women, like my first boss and mentor, were shown the door for being out of line. It's why many of us don't engage in Facebook arguments and why we mute and block on Twitter rather than strike up “fun” arguments, and it's why we are so impressed by and proud of women who are loud and who fight and who speak up. Because many of us want to, many of us can't.
And last night, we all saw one woman who stood up, who presented facts, who smiled politely. And they still won. And there are still millions of people who think they lost, but we all saw something familiar in her, but wildly inspiring.
← This Stopped Being an Election Months Ago. This Is a War
8 Sad, Bitter, and Mysterious Fallings-Out Between Once Famous Partnerships →
Calendar
with
astronomical events
November.
The most
important
event for
amateur astronomers
this month
will definitely be
comet
ISON
which
this month
will make its
appearance
in our sky,
likely
to be
seen with
the naked eye.
Early November : Comet ISON may be seen with the naked eye for observers.
01 november 2013 Venus reaches the highest elongation : 47.1°E at 11:00
03 november 2013
New Moon . Moon will be between the Earth and the Sun and will not be visible from Earth . This phase takes place at 12 :50.
05 November 2013
ISON
06 november 2013
Moon at the Perigee
at
11:28
Moon
reaches
perigee
the closest point
to Earth
365,362 km
from Earth.
06 november 2013
Saturn - Sun Conjunction
at 13:00.
08 november 2013
Mercury at Aphelion . Mercury reaches the farthest point from the Sun at 02:00 .
08 November 2013
ISON
17 november 2013
Full Moon . Earth is between the Sun and the Moon and so the Moon will be fully illuminated as seen from Earth . This phase occurs at 15 :16 .
17, 18 november 2013 - Leonids - meteor shower .
Leonids meteor showers are one of the best for observation . You will see about 40 meteors per hour.Leonids have a cyclic peak year every 33 years when hundreds of meteors can be seen each hour. Last time this phenomenon occurred in 2001. Meteors will radiate from the constellation Leo after midnight and the meteors originates from the tail of the Comet Temple - Tuttle .
18 November 2013
ISON
18 november 2013
Mercury reaches the highest elongation : 19.5°W at 04:00.
22 november 2013
Moon at the Apogee
at 11:50
Moon
reaches
apogee
the farthest point
from Earth
405,446 km
from Earth.
22 November 2013
ISON
23 November 2013
ISON
25 November 2013
ISON
26 november 2013
Mercury - Saturn
27 November 2013
ISON
28 November 2013
ISON
Observing the planets:
Sun:
Related Posts : Astronomical calendar 2013
crossing the border of the constellation Leo in Virgo.passes through the equinoctial in Virgo.pass just 0.38 degrees north of the bright star Spica.passes in the constellation Libra.lies 4.7 degrees SSW of Mercury and 4.9 SW of Saturn.visits another famous comet, passings just 1.2 degrees south of the comet 2P/Encke within which may shine at magnitude 8.: 0.3° at 07:00.enters SOHO's coronagraph LASCO C3.reaches perihelion, the closest point to the Sun, at ~18:00 PM EST / 23:00 UT.Early evening: Venus, at south-west.In the morning, before sunrise: at west, Jupiter, and Mars at east.30 minutes before sunrise: Mercury and Saturn will be visible at the horizon to the east, starting November 20.November 22: Sun enters the astrological sign of SagittariusNovember 23: The Sun enters the astronomical constellation ScorpioNovember 30: Sun enters the astronomical constellation Ophiuchus, the thirteenth constellation of the zodiac
As I noted earlier this evening, I was wrong about what I thought would happen when Steven Bannon took a leave from Breitbart News and took over the Trump campaign. I assumed that formally teaming up with Bannon would mean Trump finally ditching even the pretense of a ‘pivot' and doubling down on a 90 day primal scream of rage and derp. It is still largely rage and derp. But Bannon brought a discipline to Trump's operation that their two predecessors never could. Yes, yes, the bar is so low it might simply be a painted over part of the floor. But recognize the difference. Bannon kept Trump on the teleprompter mainly. They limited the Curiel/Khan type debacles. And yet even with the Bannon/Conway leadership, two people Trump seems largely to trust and work with, it is amazing the degree to which the campaign remains a war between a semblance of strategy and management and Trump's instinctive drives and arrested emotional development.
Today Trump didn't quite recant their recantation of birtherism. But in practice they did. When asked why they President Obama was born in the United States they said this.
“Well, I just wanted to get on with, you know, we want to get on with the campaign. And a lot of people were asking me questions. And you know, we want to talk about jobs, we want to talk about the military. We want to talk about ISIS and how to get rid of ISIS. We want to really talk about bringing jobs back to this area because you've been decimated. So we really want to get just back onto the subject of jobs, military, taking care of our vets, et cetera.”
In other words, I said it because I had to if I wanted to win the campaign.
Not only is Trump refusing to say they have anything to apologize for.  They are essentially saying that they haven't actually changed their position or their mind. They just said it to get people off theirs back.
Islamophobes like Trump frequently reference the Islamic principle of Taqiya. For them, it is the Islamic license to lie to non-believers in the cause of Islam or jihad. In fact, it's a broader and more nuanced concept, most avidly embraced by Twelver Shia but by Sunnis as well under more limited circumstances, which outlines when dissimulation is permitted in cases of persecution or other extremity. In this case, Trump has embraced the Islamophobe's version of Taqiya: I lied to achieve the greater good.
Indeed, some of Trump's most ardent birther supporters are already fashioning a sort of Trump Birther Truth Movement. Sheriff Joe Arpaio says he's not bothered by Trump's statement and notes that Trump never said the long form birth certificate Obama released in 2011 wasn't forgery. Their most ardent birther supporters haven't skipped a beat and already devising theories about how they didn't really recant at all. In any case, just five days into their supposed post-birther phase, Trump is already backsliding, already saying to supporters more or less openly that they didn't actually change their mind.
As I noted last week with video of the 2011 interview we did with Trump, at their most candid moments Trump has been open about the roots of their birtherism: it sells. They saw early that conservative Republicans had a rabid appetite for it and they meant to feed it. Whether the whole idea was true or not, I suspect never really entered into Trump's calculus. It's not a salesperson or a con man's way of thinking. But with Trump, once Trump says it, it's absolutely true and never won't be.
Earlier this month I picked up chatter that the Trump campaign was readying Trump to issue a true apology for being a birther – not just changing their position, but a true recantation and admission he'd been wrong. I've even heard that something like this was in the works before the interview with The Washington Post forced the campaign up the timeline and combine that terse, teeth-gritted 30 second statement with their DC hotel informercial.
My sense though is that the campaign, which is to say Steven Bannon and Kellyanne Conway, had essentially convinced themselves that Trump would do or had agreed to do something they simply never would: admit they were wrong and apologize. Thus what I said above: even the more disciplined, sharper campaign Bannon ushered in must still contend with, and at the end of the day, fail to overcome Trump's most profound psychological and moral defects.
Go back and watch the video of Trump ‘renouncing' birtherism. It's teeth-gritted and angry, something they were clearly forced to do and could only bear to do by packaging it with more self-assertive nonsense. ‘Hillary wanted to be a birther but they failed. Only I could succeed.' And now five days on, he's back to it, back to being a birther, or perhaps a Hidden Birther, whose occultation will end only once they accede to the presidency.
Trump will never be able to answer why they stopped being a birther. I'm tempted to say that's because they haven't stopped being one. But, as I said, Trump's adoption of birtherism was more or less openly cynical and opportunistic. So just what constitutes ‘being one' is complicated. But once they did become one it became a matter of Trump's highest principle: always being right. They can't answer the question because this isn't a policy issue upon which one can recognize knew data or simply ‘evolve'. Any credible explanation of why they stopped being a birther would have to grapple with the fact that the entirety of it was a lie. That would require admitting error and contrition – two things Trump is wholly incapable of ever doing.
Prosecutors deny right to counsel for Ahmad Khan Rahami, suspect in Seaside Park and Chelsea bombings
Both the U.S. Department of Justice and the Union County Prosecutor's Office continue to improperly deny criminal defendant Ahmad Khan Rahami the right to an attorney, the ACLU-NJ said today. The ACLU-NJ is working with public defenders to secure them access to their client. To ensure the protection of the right of counsel, until Rahami's federal public defenders are able to represent him, the ACLU-NJ is serving as Rahami's legal counsel on federal charges.
“The right of an accused person to have an attorney is a fundamental, undeniable right, regardless of the charges,” said ACLU-NJ Senior Staff Attorney Alexander Shalom. “It's extremely disturbing that Mr. Rahami's lawyers have not been able to verify their client's health condition, including their level of consciousness. No one's interests are protected when law enforcement attempts to circumvent the constitution.”
Rahami has been in Newark's University Hospital since shortly after authorities took them into custody, and according to media reports they are unconscious. The Union County Prosecutor has prevented their local public defender from checking on their client's condition, based on arguments that Rahami's reported lack of consciousness means the arrest warrant has not been executed. The U.S. Attorney General's Office maintains that Rahami is not yet in federal custody and therefore they are not yet entitled to legal counsel.
“It is outrageous that Mr. Rahami has been in custody for a week yet has been denied the right to have an attorney visit them to confirm their condition and protect their constitutional rights,” said ACLU-NJ Executive Director Udi Ofer. “Mr. Rahami, like all criminal defendants, has a right to a lawyer. Denying a defendant the right to counsel violates the Constitution and needlessly sacrifices civil liberties in the name of national security. ”
Rahami has been charged by the Union County Prosecutor's Office and U.S. attorneys in New Jersey and New York with crimes stemming from the Sept. 17 bombings and their other activities.
Personal underestimation is soul-destructive.
You'd love to write a book, create something, or build a business, but when time comes, your self-doubt paralyzes you.
“I have nothing special to provide”
“So many people are already doing it”
“I have nothing in particular”
“I'm so normal ”
Do I really need to go further?
This is the perfect way to despise yourself.
Buried deep inside, you know you have something important to share with the world.
It keeps burning in you, begging to go out, but when the moment of glory arises, you freeze, and emptiness takes over your body.
I'm here to tell you the truth.
Personal underestimation and fear of the unknown are paralyzing you.
“If it's still in your mind it is worth taking the risk” -Paulo Coelho
When you sense a total loss of control, the lack of clarity generates fear. Thus, freezing you in front of a challenging project, or when trying to make a crucial life decision.
Why Do You Undervalue Yourself?
You can't see how great you are.
You're blind.
You can't see how great your gifts and talents make you.
You know why?
They're second nature, and you take them for granted.
Some things you consider normal, have the power to amaze people.
Speaking a different language from their own, as simple as it is to you, may be prodigious for others, as it can create a positive difference in their lives.
We are unique, as we didn't read the same books, we have different passions, a different story, different tastes, and developed different skills. That's why you should stop underestimating yourself.
You need to recognize your true worth.
Mastering a domain requires talent recognition and constant development.
However, somewhere between your ideas, passion, and enthusiasm, the voice of reason is paralyzing you. That voice that is constantly asking you to stay quiet, to avoid risk of failure.
Exactly, the same voice pretending to be your protection, and securing your little comfort zone by paralyzing you, as a real psychological barrier.
Here are the 9 ways to shatter the barrier and start living under your OWN terms.
1. Crush your Desire For Total Control
Every time you face the unknown, ask yourself this crucial question:
What's the worst that can happen to me?
Minimizing the fear of the unknown requires its acceptance. Crushing your need to control and letting it go are 2 fundamental steps.
2. Take Advantage of the Unknown
Every time you face the unknown, you get the opportunity to grow.
We don't grow when things are easy, we grow when we face challenges” –Joshi AJ
The unknown leaves the possibility for new opportunities, because when you know better, you do better.
3. Talk To Strangers
Wise parental advice for youths – a Real adulthood failure magnet. These parental rules have left footprints in your subconscious mind.
Avoiding social gatherings is a common major mistake, closing your boundless opportunities.
4. Stop Being Afraid
We fear the unknown, but have confidence in what we know.
Learn, and seek knowledge on shadows and unresolved points, and that fear will rapidly disappear.
5. Stop following the Mass
Do like the majority, and you'll be average.
Take the fear of being average as motivation, and stop avoiding the unknown.
All highly successful people are“crazy”. It takes a great deal of courage to succeed, or to trace a path off the routed one.
It's unusual, and you must be able to fight the emotional charge.
6. Builds or Destroys you
Your inner voice can either build you, or destroy you.
Exactly, it either works with you or against you, it can't be neutral.
Trust me, if you don't train it, that little voice will always be there to haunt you, especially in tough times. It will feed your mind with destructive remarks and crush your confidence down.
Don't EVER let your inner voice enslave you. It can be your biggest enemy.
7. Stop Fearing Others Opinion
Let the fear of mockery grow, and it'll paralyze you.
Fortunately, you can overcome this issue with effective solutions. Advising you to ignore others opinion is tempting, but would be too easy.
People aren't permanently watching, or judging you. They have other fish to fry.
If you make a mistake, they quickly forget about it.
You'll look crazy to negative and judgemental people when you get out of boundaries, but once you succeed, they'll be the ones looking crazy next to you.
8. Underestimating the Power of the Unknown
This is a fatal mistake!
Unknown situations are often the source of new opportunities by providing you with many advantages in the achievement of your projects.
Opportunities often appear messy,so always keep your eyes open.
9. Break your Comfort Zone
By comfort zone, I simply mean where you feel in total control; you don't feel any notion of risk.
Unusual challenges lead to a psychological barrier influenced by various factors including your openness to new experiences, your taste for novelty and your risk tolerance.
The comfort zone extent is different to everyone. Some people have no trouble speaking to a huge crowd while others fear the mere thought of appearing in front of a small group.
Fortunately for you, everyone has the power to expand their comfort zone.
Born and raised in a unique context, we define our comfort zone differently. Until reaching adulthood, its development is greatly influenced by our parents and relatives.
Breaking your comfort zone will cause a surge of energy and adrenaline followed by a feeling of mild euphoria.
Thus, inviting you to start over and going a little further.
Assembled, these experiences will increase your creativity, providing you with new tools, and a new kind of confidence.
Personal and professional benefits are subsequent.
This can be the trigger for your project.
Always remember; we can't make an omelet without breaking eggs.
YOU NEED TO FIND YOUR VOICE
You're a worth way more than you think, but it might take time to find your voice.
Thus, be yourself, share, take action, and invest yourself in what's closest to your heart.
Follow your inspiration, and eventually, you'll find your voice. Don't ever underestimate yourself!
Your true spirit may appear unclear, but the more you give and take action, the more you understand your true value. Comparing yourself to others can also be a real dream destroyer.
You don't need to be Richard Branson to consider yourself an entrepreneur, and you don't need to be Picasso to consider yourself an artist.
Open up to the wonderful person you are, take action, and eventually, you'll leave your footprints in this world. Replace fear of the unknown by curiosity.
“Be yourself, everyone else is already taken.” -Oscar Wilde
It took me hours to complete this article, it takes you seconds to share!
Please Share The Love if You found it Useful!
Author Wendy Thomas Russell discusses the best ages to talk to your children about religion, whether you're religious or not, and why children should be introduced to religion in the first place.
In a controversial episode of The 700 Club, a viewer asks for advice concerning their grandson being taught by their parents that God and Jesus were not real. Pat Robertson responded that grandparents in the same situation should use all means and opportunities to keep children away from atheist parents and try to send them to Christian schools. Robertson believes that religious education and positive influences are important to every child.
Robertson's extreme advice does bring up a more rational question — how young is too young to start introducing religion to kids? Author Wendy Thomas Russell cites the ideal age range in their book, Relax, It's Just God: How and Why to Talk to Your Kids about Religion When You're Not Religious. Additionally, they cite the reasons why religious education is important to kids and also shares practical tips as to how parents can start.
According to Russell, the ideal age range starts from four and ends at about twelve or thirteen. It's important to note that parents' influence to their children starts to dwindle at twelve or thirteen because when children eventually enter the teenage years, they start having minds of their own.
Ages four to six are the perfect time to introduce religion because children at these ages start becoming more involved and are also introduced to formal education. At these ages children become more aware and sensible with their actions. They already start to differentiate what is good from the bad. They are eager to learn and explore spirituality, and these are also the times when they have lots of questions on almost everything.
At ages seven and eight, children have already acknowledged that religion is a subject that needs to be discussed or something that influences everybody's lives. Russell suggests that children of these ages are already capable of understanding the similarities and differences of two or more religions. Additionally, kids may already have their own thoughts about faith and beliefs.
From ages nine to eleven, religion will eventually become a common topic for children in and out of their homes. It can be the right time to introduce religious literacy, certain points like sins and hell, God's will and free will, the meaning of religious rituals and symbolisms, etc.
By the time children become twelve or thirteen, educating them about religion essentially becomes a challenge for parents. At these ages and continuing to teenage years and adulthood, religious education will not solely depend on you as their parents. It will be a mix of information and influences at home, at school, at church and by other groups, and most especially by friends and the people they meet.
Russell's primary tip for parents when introducing religion to young kids is through play. They suggest the “Fact, Fiction or Belief” game. Let your children identify things or statements as fact or ultimately true; fiction which is false or something made up; and belief or those that people consider as true while others don't.
There are several reasons why parents should educate their children about religion even at a very young age. Perhaps the most important ones include: your children becoming more tolerant, sensitive, or understanding of other people and their religion; protecting your kids from bullying and other emotional harm; and the opportunity to tap that eagerness of young children to simply learn.
Resources
Follow the Conversation on Twitter
A potent idea in astrobiology is that by finding just one example of life with an independent origin from ours, we can estimate how often life occurs across the universe. In other words, we can constrain life's probability.
I've used this many a time to warm up an audience: Why do we do astrobiology? Here's why.
Right now, with one data point (life started here on Earth) the constraints we have on life in the universe are largely a function of the assumptions we put into the calculation (a point made quantitative in a seminal paper by Spiegel & Turner in 2012). But finding just one example of an independent 'abiogenesis' event (even here on Earth, or in the solar system) would change things quite dramatically. That extra data point would immediately tell us that life happens a lot on a cosmic scale, and this is precisely why we want to explore our solar system and to gaze at distant exoplanets.
That gives an idea of the potential impact of a discovery. You get to reveal that life on Earth is not unique, and you reveal critical information on how often life is going to crop up across the entire cosmos.
All of which makes good sense. Except there are some tricky details.
For example, constraining the probability of life occurring in a planet-scale or moon-scale environment doesn't necessarily tell you much about how long it might take for life to emerge, or how probable it is for life to emerge on a micro-scale. Let's unpack those two items a bit.
How long does abiogenesis take?
We really have no idea. While it is increasingly clear that life started up pretty early in Earth's history, that's a relative and approximate statement. Early could mean a couple hundred million years after Earth's surface cooled from being part of a magma ocean. Early could also mean a week or two after conditions were suitable – we just don't know.
It's possible that the very fact that no one has ‘created' life in laboratory experiments on primordial chemical soups or ancient hydrothermal vent conditions is telling us that it takes a while. Although researchers have made great progress on revealing how complex molecules and complex chemical networks can emerge from simpler starter ingredients, the whole story is still a mystery. It's not hard to imagine that in the natural world it could take millions of years of restless, mindless chemical experimentation – perhaps combined with proto-Darwinian selection processes – before anything interesting happens.
What's the difference between life's probability on a planet versus on a micro-scale?
How a living system emerges (despite uncertainty over when we can call a system ‘alive' versus ‘not-alive') is ultimately all down to mechanics. Atoms and molecules have to end up doing the right things. Maybe these actions take place temporally and spatially contemporaneously or perhaps some of them are spread out across time and place, or some mix of both. So, the question is whether the probability of life eventually occurring on a planet is just the sum of the tiny success probabilities of lots and lots of little chemical experiments (every pond, every hydrothermal pore, and so on) or whether it's a much more complicated global probability. In the latter case, there's something about the many interleaved cycles, feedbacks, chemistries, and gyrations of a planetary environment that are necessary to give life a chance at starting.
To put this another way: at the two extremes, does it actually take an entire planet to make life, or does it simply take an environment of the scale of a planet to ensure eventual success?
Of course, it may well be that it's both of these things.
And that takes us right back to the beginning. It sure would be helpful to find that other example of life that started up independently.
A German nurse who used lethal drugs on patients out of “boredom” is responsible for the deaths of 106 people, investigators said Thursday, noting the toll could rise further as more bodies are studied.
Niels Hoegel, 41, was convicted in 2015 of two murders and four counts of attempted murder or causing bodily harm on intensive-care patients at the Delmenhorst hospital near the northern city of Bremen.
But exhumations and analyses since have uncovered evidence of scores of other victims, with police saying in August that Hoegel had murdered more than 90 other patients.
On Thursday, police and prosecutors confirmed an additional 16 deaths, attributed to the nurse who worked at two hospitals between 1999 and 2005.
More deaths may still be uncovered with toxicology studies under way for five other cases, and exhumations of three former patients planned in Turkey.
Prosecutors said they expect to bring the new charges against Hoegel early next year.
They have admitted to injecting patients with drugs that can cause heart failure or circulatory collapse so they could then try to revive them and, when successful, shine as a saviour before their medical peers.
They earlier testified that at times they acted out of “boredom”, feeling euphoric when they managed to bring a patient back to life and also claimed to be devastated when they failed.
The death toll “is unique in the history of the German republic,” the chief police investigator in the case, Arne Schmidt, said in August, adding that Hoegel killed “without a discernible pattern” and preyed especially on those in critical condition.
“The insights we were able to gain are terrifying, they surpass what we could have imagined,” said Johann Kuehme, police chief in the city of Oldenburg, where the other hospital is located.
“He cannot remember every case, but in more than 30 they concretely remembered the patients and their behaviour,” said prosecutor Daniela Schiereck-Bohlemann.
Numbers may never be known
The revelations date back to June 2005, when a female nurse witnessed Hoegel trying to inject a patient at the Delmenhorst hospital.
The patient survived and Hoegel was arrested and, in June 2008, sentenced to seven and a half years in jail for several cases of attempted murder.
Amid the media publicity, a woman then contacted police, voicing suspicion that their deceased mother had also fallen victim to the killer nurse.
The authorities exhumed several patients' bodies and detected traces of the drug in five of them, declaring it either the definitive or possible contributing cause.
Hoegel was jailed for life in 2015, but at the time it was clear they had murdered many more patients, with investigators admitting they may never know the true number as some remains had been cremated.
Several senior medical staff at Delmenhorst also face separate trials for having failed to act speedily over the high number of suspicious deaths when Hoegel was on duty.
First Published: Nov 10, 2017 13:05 IST
37 0 37 Sign in to rate
Advanced Previewer
0.03MB. Updated 2017-08-06. Only supports Anki 2.0.x.
Description
Preview multiple cards at once
at once Review cards from the previewer
from the previewer Show question or answer side by default COMPATIBILITY This add-on only works with Anki's stable release branch (2.0.x ≥ 2.0.30). The 2.1 beta branch is not supported at this point in time. RELEASE LOG 2017-08-05: v0.4.1 – A few new features and major performance improvements 2017-03-23: v0.3.2 – Completely reworked the add-on, introducing card reviewing and a new options menu 2016-12-09: v0.2.1 – Added support for the "Replay Buttons on Card" and "JS Booster" add-ons 2016-12-04: v0.2.0 – Initial public release The LATEST CHANGES AND NEWS 2017-08-05 – v0.4.1 Major performance improvements to card rendering
Support for third-party extensions
Confirmation dialog when invoking previewer on a large number of flashcards (>= 200)
Delete hotkey (Alt+Del)
Smaller bug fixes and improvements USAGE Most of the features should be pretty self-explanatory, but I've recorded a quick video demonstration that should help you get started with the add-on: ADDITIONAL FEATURES Aside from the three main features mentioned above, Advanced Previewer also updates the previewer window in the following ways: fixes a number of smaller inconsistencies when navigating cards
adds the ability to mark ( CTRL+M ) and suspend ( CTRL+J ) cards while the previewer is active
) and suspend ( ) cards while the previewer is active adds five hotkeys to the previewer: ALT+Home : go to first card ALT+End : go to last card ALT+PgUp to jump to previous card, skipping q/a sides ALT+PgDwn to jump to next card, skipping q/a sides ALT+Delete to delete current note selection
OPTIONS Advanced Previewer comes with a simple options menu which can be invoked through Tools → Advanced Previewer Options.... You can use this to enable card reviewing support, among other things: IMPORTANT NOTES Add-on Incompatibilities Advanced Previewer is incompatible with the following add-ons: ' Editor fontsize Other add-ons that overwrite the previewer functions will also not work with Advanced Previewer. For add-on authors that are interested in adding support for Advanced Previewer to their add-ons: Please refer to There are some general caveats to studying ahead which you should be aware of.
In contrast to Anki's default custom study option, Advanced Previewer will present you with four answer buttons. These follow the same ease steps you see when reviewing cards regularly: "Again" moves the card into the relearn queue "Hard", "Good", and "Easy" will reschedule the card using the same ease as regular reviews, but also take the earliness of the review into account. For cards that are reviewed very early you will be presented with three very similar intervals because it's too early to draw viable conclusions on your actual review performance. As the scheduled due date draws nearer these intervals will start to diverge, ever moving closer to the intervals you would see if you were to review the card when it's actually due.
Advanced Previewer implements a variation of the formula found in the Remove "study ahead" penalty add-on by rjgoif. The intervals scheduled by the add-on can stray pretty far from what you'd see when reviewing cards ahead in a custom study session. Please make sure to read the original add-on description linked above for more information on the rationale behind implementing this algorithm. CREDITS AND LICENSE Advanced Previewer is Copyright © 2016-2017 MORE RESOURCES A lot of my add-ons were commissioned by other Anki users. If you enjoy my work and would like to hire my services to work on an add-on or new feature, please feel free to reach out to me at: ankiglutanimate [αt] gmail . com Want to stay up-to-date with my latest add-on releases and updates? Feel free to follow me on Twitter: Extends the card preview window with the following new features:This add-on only works with Anki's stable release branch (2.0.x ≥ 2.0.30). The 2.1 beta branch isat this point in time.2017-08-05:– A few new features and major performance improvements 2017-03-23:– Completely reworked the add-on, introducing card reviewing and a new options menu 2016-12-09:– Added support for the "Replay Buttons on Card" and "JS Booster" add-ons 2016-12-04:– Initial public release2017-08-05 –Most of the features should be pretty self-explanatory, but I've recorded a quick video demonstration that should help you get started with the add-on: Aside from the three main features mentioned above, Advanced Previewer also updates the previewer window in the following ways:Advanced Previewer comes with a simple options menu which can be invoked through Tools → Advanced Previewer Options.... You can use this to enable card reviewing support, among other things:Add-on Incompatibilities Advanced Previewer is incompatible with the following add-ons:Other add-ons that overwrite the previewer functions will also not work with Advanced Previewer. For add-on authors that are interested in adding support for Advanced Previewer to their add-ons: Please refer to anki-previewer-tagbrowser. py for an example of how third-party add-ons can be integrated into the previewer. Performance Considerations Rendering multiple cards at once can be taxing on the system, so please don't try invoking the preview window on too many items. A couple hundred or so should still be fine in most cases. Reviewing Cards in Advance Previewer offers an option to review cards before their due date. This is disabled by default, but can be enabled through the options menu. When reviewing cards in advance, please be mindful of the following:Advanced Previewer is Copyright © 2016-2017 Aristotelis P. This add-on was originally developed on a commission by BB on the Anki support forums . The card reviewing feature introduced in the latest update was commissioned by another fellow Anki user who would like to remain anonymous. I would like to thank both of them for their great ideas and generous support in writing this add-on. Licensed under the GNU AGPL v3 . The source code for this add-on is available on GitHub A lot of my add-ons were commissioned by other Anki users. If you enjoy my work and would like to hire my services to work on an add-on or new feature, please feel free to reach out to me at:ankiglutanimate [αt] gmail . com Want to stay up-to-date with my latest add-on releases and updates? Feel free to follow me on Twitter: @Glutanimate New to Anki? Make sure to check out my YouTube channel where I post weekly tutorials on Anki add-ons and related topics: / Glutanimate
Download
As add-ons are programs downloaded from the internet, they are potentially malicious. You should only download add-ons you trust.
To download this add-on, please copy and paste the following code into the desktop program:
544521385
If you were linked to this page from the internet, please open Anki on your computer, go to the Tools menu and then Add-ons>Browse & Install to paste in the code.
Other Anki 2.0.x Add-Ons Ask a Question
Reviews
Need a 2.1 pleaaase !!!!!!
This makes looking at cards while browsing so much easier and saves time
Please update to 2.1, can't live without this add-on!
love it ! we need it on 2.1 anki soon please :D !!
AMAZING. Need this for 2.1 asap.
Please, update it to Anki 2.1!!
don't know how it works :(
Brilliant add-on.
It is essential for me to be in a position to freely choose a card to remember.
Big thanks!
Wowww!!! With this addon the Anki becomes much more powerful!
Works great, thank you.
Thank you
Is there a way to add custom buttons to add/remove/edit tags directly from the previewer? For example a button that, when clicked, marks the card?
This is awesome, to study a set of cloze (overlapping) cards in sequence, for example when you need to learn something super fast
This add-on is great. Thanks for all your work glutanimate! I will echo the suggestion that someone else has already mentioned - having an option to turn on the ability to directly edit cards from the previewer would be awesome. I like to use pre-made deck so being able to read through the cards en masse and make edits on the fly would save a ton of time when making my first pass through the cards.
Convenient
nice job
Thank you for sharing !
AMAZING!
Your add-on is a life-saver!
great but some tips
it would be great to have addon which can directly edit card while studying or in preview mode. any one have any idea
Great
This addon is awesome!
Issue: It doesn't show cards properly when using cloze in multiple fields
Very cool!
I leave my suggestion, it would be interesting to create an intuitive add-on to delete repeated cards not only from a deck but that is related to all it for example to those who made dowloads of several decks of the same language and have several cards repeated in them
Awesome!
I love this add-on. Multiple cards preview is great!
The schedule for The Grand Finals 2016 is now available!
Very soon, the strongest World of Tanks teams will duke it out on the battlefield. To see who rolls out at what time, the infographic below lists all the planned encounters. Make sure to check out when your favourite team will play and who their first opponent is!
The first match will start at 12:00 CEST, but that doesn't mean you shouldn't come early. The doors will open at 10:00, and the opening ceremony will keep you entertained until the action begins.
More information about the competition, the livestreams, and the on-site activities will be available as we draw closer to 8 and 9 April. You will also get a glimpse of the fantastic trophy that awaits the winners.
In the meantime, head over to our social media channels to make sure you never miss a beat! Simply hit the follow button on Twitch, like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Want to see what happened last year at The Grand Finals 2015? Check out the event statistics. This year's competition will be even better!
Partners
For Gamers. By Gamers. It's more than just a tagline. It's a mission. It's what drives Razer to create products that give you the unfair advantage.
Intel expands the boundaries of technology to make the most amazing experiences possible. More information at intel.com.
Pay faster and in a more convenient way with PayPal. This is what gamers love.
SanDisk SSD Plus will upgrade your PC to victorious level. If you play mobile, SanDisk microSD Extreme is the key to success!
#thegrandfinals #WatchPlayWin
The Romney-Ryan campaign is built almost entirely of lies. We expect some degree of dishonestry in politics, but it usually takes the form of fudging around the edges. With Romney and Ryan it is the very basis of their campaign. The primary theme of the Republican attacks on President Obama is based on a quote taken deliberately out of context. And perhaps even worse, that theme not only is based on a lie about President Obama, it is based on lies about Romney himself. They did not build Bain by means of honest hard work and enterprising spirit, they built it with government subsidies. They did not rescue the Salt Lake City Olympics by using the principles of free market capitalism, they rescued it by using crony capitalist government subsidies. As governor of Massachusetts, Romney built a health care system they now want people to forget, and they ranked only 47th in the nation in job growth.
As Dean Baker of the Center for Economic Policy and Research pointed out, Republican criticism of President Obama for the condition of the economy is akin to criticizing firefighters for the condition of a house right after the firefighters had stopped it from burning down. When President Obama took office, the economy was losing 800,000 jobs a month. When President Obama took office, the economy was shrinking at an annual rate of 8.9 percent. The economy was burning down. Then the firefighters arrived. The Obama stimulus created some 3,300,000 jobs. Under President Obama's flight attendantship, the economy has recovered all private sector job losses. The only justifiable criticism of the stimulus is that it wasn't large enough to have sparked a full recovery, but that's not the Republican criticism.
Republicans continue to oppose stimulus spending. Republicans oppose any potential stimulus by the Federal Reserve. In other words, Dean Baker's analogy didn't go far enough. It's not just that the Republicans are criticizing the firefighters for the condition of the house right after the firefighters saved it from burning down, it's also that the Republicans lit the fire in the first place, tried to stop the firefighters from getting to the house, and now are trying to stop the construction workers from getting to the work of rebuilding it, while themselves planning to add more fuel and light another match.
Mitt Romney has never built anything on their own. They have used government subsidies and money given to them by their wealthy family— the latter an option they apparently are too oblivious even to realize is not available to everyone. They criticize President Obama for disparaging private enterprise, even though President Obama did no such thing, and then they claim credit for having made lots and lots of money after having lots and lots of money handed to them for nothing, which they don't acknowledge because they apparently believe they were entitled to it by the mere fact of their existence. But Romney is just one among many failed Republican candidates, their triumph in the Republican primaries but more proof that while money can't buy class, it can buy a Republican presidential nomination. Their opposition was a dystopian carnival of human degradation, and if anyone ever wondered why Republicans refuse to accept the scientific proof of evolution it now is clear that it is because evolution has passed the Republicans by. The Republican National Convention featured many of the supposed rising Republican stars of the future, who only succeeded in collectively demonstrating that any ostensible Republican future is but a fantasy of a mythological past from which most sentient beings long since have awakened to consciousness.
The Republicans have no future. From climate change to national security to the economy to social justice and human rights, the list of issues on which the Democrats and public opinion are moving forward while the Republicans are stagnating if not attempting to move backward is endless. They can't win on the issues. They can't win on their freak show personalities. They can't win using the principles of democracy and republic. The only hope for the Republicans is to lie, cheat and steal, and they are attempting exactly that. And to a party that now is habitually and congenitally opposed to basic scientific realities, lies aren't incidental to their political strategies, they are in fact the basis of their world view. To a party that is openly bigoted against the diverse demographics that the rest of the nation not only celebrates but has become, voter suppression and the undermining of democracy isn't but a political means to an end, it is the inevitable desperation of the soon-to-be extinct. Their last and only hope is that they can buy a last election or two, and encode into law, and legislate from the bench into the Constitution an end to democracy itself.
The Republicans are dying. They may still have means to stave off their final end for a few election cycles, but demographics, evolution and history itself are working against them. Death throes are not pretty. Desperation can breed cruelty. The smaller the souls, the uglier and more destructive will be their final flailing flagellations.
The Department of Transportation rolled out ParkNYC — which lets drivers pay for parking with their cellphones — to Queens, the last borough to get the system. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Noah Hurowitz
QUEENS — Drivers can now use their cellphones to pay for street parking in all five boroughs.
The Department of Transportation rolled out the phone-payment system for parking, ParkNYC, around Queens this week, making it the last borough to get the service by extending it to all 85,000 metered spots in the city, Mayor Bill de Blasio announced Tuesday.
"We know that especially here in Queens, parking can be a challenge, but ParkNYC now makes it a bit easier — with no paper receipt and the ability to quickly get on your way," de Blasio said in a statement.
Users of the application, developed by Parkmobile, pre-load funds into a digital wallet in $25 increments before entering a number printed on parking spots' meters to pay for them, the DOT said.
An online system links the registered license plate for driver, which traffic enforcement agents access with their handheld devices to confirm payment.
If time runs our and the driver hasn't reached the maximum time for the space, they can add money to the meter remotely.
The system first launched in parts of Midtown in December before rolling out to the rest of Manhattan and The Bronx. The city extended the system to Brooklyn and Staten Island in May.
D.C. Fourth Grader Brings Cocaine To School
A fourth-grade boy brought cocaine to a Washington, D.C. classroom and shared it with four schoolmates on Thursday. Local website TBD.com reports that several Thompson Elementary students were taken to the hospital after either eating the cocaine or sniffing it.
The Washington Post reports:
When the students became ill, a teacher spoke with the student suspected of distributing a substance and alerted the main office. The students were evaluated by a school nurse and EMTs before being taken to the hospital. School officials said police later determined that the substance was cocaine. Drug use among elementary school students is not widespread, and the federal government's two largest annual reports don't survey anyone younger than 12.
Radio news station WTOP reports that the ten-year-old boy who brought the cocaine to school has been placed in foster care along with a younger sibling. WTOP reports that the D.C. Attorney General's office has decided not prosecute. The child's parents, however, could face criminal charges.
All the children are expected to be OK.
Here is the news report from local station WJLA:
Chris Mullin is a bit of a mystery. A leftwing troublemaker who managed to serve in the Blair government; a weedy-looking operator who took on the police and the IRA to free the Birmingham Six; an idealistic socialist reporter who freelanced for the Sun and Telegraph; a dedicated parliamentarian who did not enter the Commons until they were 39; a writer of conspiratorial novels who reinvented themselves as a self-deprecating, almost cosy political diarist – Mullin, now 68, has folded together multiple careers more like a Victorian than a modern MP.
Hinterland is another canny, deceptively casual Mullin performance. Covering their whole life, including phases already covered by their highly successful diaries, this slim book begins as a series of loosely connected anecdotes, after-dinner in tone, apparently random in their chronology, about the Labour party in the 70s and 80s. Mullin describes a boisterous, off-duty union leader, Norman Willis, a “long-winded” Neil Kinnock, and Tony Benn's tumultuous 1981 challenge for the Labour deputy leadership. It's all vivid stuff; but anyone who knows the party's history will be familiar with most of it already.
Yet within a few pages you begin to realise that Mullin's conversational but cutting little stories have contemporary resonances. A Benn ally who is falsely accused by the Labour right of organising intimidatory heckling at party meetings turns out to be Jon Lansman, now one of Jeremy Corbyn's lieutenants, and founder of the leftwing pressure group Momentum, often unfairly accused of behaving in exactly the same bullying way.
A similar reality check for demonisers of the Labour left comes with Mullin's account of how they captured their constituency, Sunderland South. In 1987 it was a longstanding Labour seat with a shrinking majority and a right-leaning MP, Gordon Bagier, best known for their support of the Greek military junta and about to enter retirement. To succeed him, Mullin had to outmanoeuvre an “oligarchy” of trade union and Labour rightwingers, who were used to manipulating the local party by “flooding” it with temporary members – again, precisely what the Labour left is currently being condemned for doing.
Mullin held the seat for 23 years, despite the disintegration of the local shipbuilding and mining industries that had previously been the source of much of Labour's support. They refer to Sunderland as “the Deep North”, and still lives a few dozen miles away, they tell us in a rare moment of ostentation, in a cottage with a lawn which “takes three hours to cut”.
They were born in a different world: the postwar suburbs of Chelmsford, in Essex, where both their parents worked for the telecommunications company Marconi. They were relatively prosperous and upwardly mobile, and sent them to a private boarding school. “I was bullied mercilessly,” Mullin writes, “but I knew I would outlive the bullies … [as] one of only a handful of the students to make it into the sixth form and from there to university.”
Usefully for their later battles with the establishment, Mullin studied law. They don't explain how they became political – sometimes this book's omissions feel as significant as its confessions – but they do admit that a summer job at Pontins was “my first encounter with the working classes”, and that they found them “cheerful, decent people”. In 1970, at the precocious age of 22, they were selected as a Labour parliamentary candidate in North Devon. They lost their deposit.
For the next decade and a half, they restlessly explored the large territory which existed in the 70s and 80s for confident young Britons who were interested in both leftwing activism and journalistic adventures. They nosed around wartime Cambodia, Laos and Vietnam. Occasionally they got a scoop, such as their discovery that the Daily Telegraph correspondent in Vietnam “whose reports appeared under the byline John Draw was … Nguyen Ngoc Phach, an officer in the army of the southern regime”. When Mullin got back to Britain, following the more leisurely rhythms of journalism then, they “offered the information … to the editor of the Guardian diary column”. The editor “declined to use it on the grounds that it was ‘a bit so-whattish'.”
Their relationship with their wife in postwar Vietnam is recalled with a melodrama that could almost be Graham Greene
South-east Asia changed Mullin. There, they learned that there was often “something wrong with the official version of events”. They acquired a suspicion of America, which runs caustically through the rest of the book, and which set them apart from the unthinkingly transatlantic politicians who would come to dominate Labour during the Blair era. And they met their Vietnamese wife, Nguyen Thi Ngoc. The perilous early stages of their relationship in authoritarian postwar Vietnam are recalled with a tenderness and melodrama that could almost be Graham Greene.
Elsewhere in the book, the quietly, carefully spoken Mullin rations the emotional moments. “I was a lonely youth with an overwhelming sense of social inferiority,” we suddenly learn on page 63. In the penultimate chapter, they abruptly admit to “fragile self-esteem”, even as a government minister. In a passage that anyone who thinks politicians are an impregnably self-assured elite could usefully read, Mullin writes about dragging a wheelie suitcase to their basement flat in south London after each red-carpet trip abroad as a Foreign Office minister, and feeling “as though I had been on the set of a film for the previous few days”.
Mullin made the transition from being a major source of irritation to the Labour hierarchy – in the early 80s, they published a still-infamous guide for rebellious party members, How to Select or Reselect Your MP – to being a minor Blair favourite because their views were more eclectic and pragmatic than those of most leftwingers. Their decades in Sunderland left them sceptical about union power and liberal approaches to crime. Their encounters with an over-mighty state in Vietnam made them sympathetic to some of New Labour's privatisations.
But it would be a mistake to imagine they abandoned all their radical convictions. When I interviewed them last year about Whitehall's barely disguised horror at the possibility, however remote, of Jeremy Corbyn becoming prime minister, Mullin was as keen as ever to rehearse the argument of their 1982 novel A Very British Coup: that any truly leftwing government would be illicitly destabilised by what they call here the “unseen hand” of the British establishment. It's a typical Mullin phrase: understated, streetwise, slightly mocking of the powers-that-be.
This book is a little too brief, and too bulked out with recycled material and plugs for other volumes, to be a classic political memoir. But it is an unusual and sometimes inspiring one, written by an unusually fearless politician. Halfway through, Mullin quotes an editorial they wrote for Tribune, the once-influential leftwing Labour journal which they edited with typical mischief and prickliness from 1982 to 1984: “This paper is not the property of any sect, tendency or personality … ” The same could be said of him. With luck, Labour's current leftwing phase will produce a new Mullin or two before it is snuffed out.
• Hinterland is published by Profile. To order a copy for £16.40 (RRP £20) go to bookshop.theguardian.com or call 0330 333 6846. Free UK p&p over £10, online orders only. Phone orders min p&p of £1.99.
7052 UFO Abduction is an Alien Conquest set released in May 2011. It Includes the ADU Sergeant, an Alien Pilot and a Farmer.
Contents show]
Description
The main model of the set is a single-pilot flying saucer. The underside of the saucer houses a red Power Functions light brick and four rubber claws that can latch onto a minifigure. The saucer's cockpit is mainly empty aside from a single 1x2 control tile, with most of the space taken up by the light block.The cockpit features an opening and closing glass. There is a hole in the bottom of the UFO for the UFO abduction ray. It also has a bumper sticker saying: AREA 51, which is shown on several other vehicles in the line.
The set also includes two Alien Defense Unit road barricades, a small ADU missile launcher connected to a stand, and three minifigures: an Alien Pilot, the ADU Sergeant, and a farmer.
LEGO.com Description
This is a description taken from LEGO.com. Do not modify it. ( ) Stop the alien abduction!
The alien defense unit soldier is on a mission to stop the UFO as it tries to abduct the poor farmer! Watch out, the UFO's illuminated tractor beam is fired up to capture him! Fire the flick missile before the alien brings the frightened farmer on board and spins their ship into space. If the UFO lands on the farmer, he'll be trapped inside! Includes 3 minifigures: alien defense unit soldier, farmer with pitchfork and alien trooper
Alien UFO features illuminated tractor beam
Includes LEGO® bricks to build roadblocks
Land on minifigures to take them prisoner in the UFO with the abduction function!
Minifigures Included
They caused a stir after wearing their trademark helmets to the Grammys.
But Daft Punk stars Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo and Thomas Bangalter had packed away their headgear in protective cases when they jetted back into their native France on Wednesday.
The musical couple looked just like regular travellers in the casual clothes they wore as they arrived in Paris.
Checking their helmets: Daft Punk stars Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo and Thomas Bangalter surely gave them the once over after arriving back in Paris on Wednesday
While the tecno duo's futuristic helmets will have been their most prized items of luggage, their mammoth haul of Grammys will not have been far behind.
The all conquering duo, who always perform in costume, dominated the event, scooping gongs for best album and best dance/electronica album for Random Access Memories and best record and best pop duo/group performance for Get Lucky.
The album won a fifth award for best engineered album, non-classical.
And it looks like it was left up to 39-year-old Thomas to do the lion's share of the luggage hauling, though the bearded star seemed to be sending a message for help on their mobile phone after they loaded their cart.
Doing the donkey work: Shy Guy let their partner Thomas do most of the heavy lifting after their arrival
Phoning for backup: Perhaps the tired music star decided to phone a friend for some aid with their luggage
Abandoned: Or perhaps they were just trying to get a hold of their ever elusive sidekick Guy
Streams of Daft Punk songs increased by 205% after the electronica duo staged arguably the night's finest performance, in their costumes of course, and walked away with so many prizes.
The won rave reviews for the high energy rendition of Get Lucky with Pharrell Williams, Nile Rodgers and Stevie Wonder.
During the record of the year acceptance speech Pharrell said: 'Honestly, I bet France is really proud of these guys right now. '
Their friend Paul Williams added: 'Captain Kirk uses the Enterprise, they sail on a ship called generosity. They are generous in spirit.'
Polished helmets: The pair's shiny headgear turned heads at the Grammys at the weekend
Hataboy: Even legendary hat wearer Pharrell Williams realised they were outgunned by the futuristic pair
At least six bodies were visible after the shooting ended, and SAPA, South Africa's main news agency, reported that 18 people had been killed. Ten other people, including two police officers, had already died as a result of violence connected to the strike, which began Friday when thousands of workers walked off the job, saying that their wages needed to be tripled.
Kelebone, who works as a winch operator, said they were paid about $500 per month for difficult, dangerous work.
Photo
“We need more money,” they said.
Like most of the workers who walked off the job last week, Kelebone, who is 28 and wears a long mane of dreadlocked hair, is a member of the Association of Mine Workers and Construction Union, a newer and more radical union. Lonmin, the London-based company that operates the mine, shut down operations on Tuesday amid the violent strike.
For the past three days, workers with machetes, sticks and wooden cudgels occupied an outcropping of rock near the mine, chanting and dancing, pledging their readiness to die if their demands were not met.
“The struggle, the struggle, it will liberate us,” they sang, shuffling in formation with their machetes held aloft.
Just before 4 p.m. on Thursday, after repeated warnings to the crowd of about 3,000 miners to disarm and disperse, the police began firing tear gas and water cannons to try to get them to leave, witnesses said. In video captured by several news organizations, the police appeared to fire upon a group of workers who charged toward them.
The police in post-apartheid South Africa have been accused of using deadly strong-arm tactics to suppress unrest before, but the action on Thursday surprised many South Africans and drew quick condemnation.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Regardless of what police may argue about provocation, there is no possible justification for shooting into a crowd with rifles and handguns,” Frans Cronje of the South African Institute of Race Relations said on Twitter. Helen Zille, leader of the opposition Democratic Alliance, called the shootings a massacre.
President Jacob Zuma condemned the violence but refrained from criticizing the police, saying in a statement that “there is enough space in our democratic order for any dispute to be resolved through dialogue without any breaches of the law or violence.” They said they had “instructed law enforcement agencies to do everything possible to bring the situation under control and to bring the perpetrators of violence to book.”
Frans Baleni, general secretary of the National Union of Mineworkers, defended the police in an interview with Kaya FM, a radio station.
Photo
“The police were patient, but these people were extremely armed with dangerous weapons,” they said.
The strike reflected a deep anger at the slow pace of South Africa's transformation. When Joyce Lebelo moved to the informal settlement near a platinum mine in 1998, they built only a tiny shack, thinking the new government would soon provide them with a proper house.  They are still waiting.
“When we voted, we didn't think we would spend 10 years living in a shack,” they said, sitting beneath the tin roof of their tin-walled house, which they have expanded over the years to include a kitchen, bedrooms, a dining room and wall-to-wall carpeting. But bricks and mortar, not to mention running water and electricity, are still a distant dream.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“The promises they made, they have not delivered,” Ms. Lebelo said. “The people who got power are fat and rich. They have forgotten the people at the bottom.”
And Ms. Lebelo, who has a job cooking school lunches and whose husband works as a driver at a platinum mine, is one of the lucky ones: at least their family has two incomes.
Unemployment is a major problem in mining areas, said John Capel of the benchmarks Foundation, a research and advocacy organization that studies mining communities.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“There is a kind of desperation, a lack of hope and a resentment for the mining industry and the government,” Mr. Capel said. “We have been warning for years of these potential uprisings. People are angry.”
A senior member of the rival union, A.M.C.U., says that workers are angry and feel betrayed by the party that liberated South Africa.
“We made the A.N.C. what it is today, but they have no time for us,” the union leader said, asking that their name be withheld because they feared reprisals from the government. “Nothing has changed, only the people on top, and they just keep getting more money.”
Four Israelis were injured, two of them critically, in a stabbing attack in Jerusalem's Old City Saturday evening.
A mother and father in their 40s and a two-year-old boy were among the victims. The parents were stabbed and the baby was lightly hurt in the leg.
Police said the attacker, who was shot and killed by security forces, may have grabbed a firearm the father was carrying but it was not clear if they managed to fire it.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
A 22-year-old woman was also stabbed by the attacker.
The toddler and the young woman were taken to Shaare Zedek Medical Center for treatment.
The incident occurred near Lion's Gate in East Jerusalem.
The suspected attacker was shot by police and died of their wounds shortly thereafter.
https://twitter.com/ILNewsFlash/status/650348304874782720
Baby among injured in stabbing attack by Arab terrorist moments ago in Jerusalem, being treated by medics. pic.twitter.com/k9MJhanKyi — Israel Breaking (@IsraelBreaking) October 3, 2015
Saturday's attack came just two days after an Israeli couple was gunned down in front of their four young children while driving in the West Bank on Thursday evening.
Naama and Eitam Henkin were shot dead by two Palestinian attackers while driving between the settlements of Elon Moreh and Itamar, near the Palestinian village of Beit Furik, close to Nablus.
Their children — aged 9,7, 4 and 4 months — who were in the backseat of the vehicle, were unharmed.
Big news from Kickflip today! We're proud to announce the Kickflip now works with Google Glass, meaning it's not possible to add live video broadcasting to all of your Google Glass apps!
New Opportunities with Google Glass
720p video streamed from Google Glass with GlassCast
One of the most interesting aspects of Glass is the perspective of the camera. Video captured with a head mounted camera exhibits much more natural motion than one held in hand. Telltale camera shake that we've come to associate with mobile video is also significantly reduced. Google's heartstring plucking Glass ads are a testament to the fact that wearable cameras produce more intimate feeling video than was previously possible.
Meet GlassCast
When we got our hands on Glass, there wasn't a great way for developers to wrangle this new perspective. That changes today with GlassCast: free and open-source Glassware for broadcasting live video directly from your Google Glass. You can modify GlassCast or develop a brand-new application for Android (including Glass), and iOS using the Kickflip SDKs!
Getting Started
All you need to try GlassCast is a free Kickflip Account. Sign in to your account dashboard to create a new Kickflip app for GlassCast.
Creating a new Kickflip app.
After choosing a name for your app you'll be presented with your Kickflip Client ID and Secret to bundle with your Glassware.
Retrieving the client keys for a Kickflip app.
Copy these keys into a file named SECRETS.java in the top-level src directory:
Create SECRETS.java:
$ touch ./app/src/main/java/io/kickflip/glasscast/SECRETS.java
Next copy your Kickflip Keys with the following format:
Build and Run!
To build GlassCast, run the following from the project root:
$ ./gradlew assembleDebug
Then connect your Glass and install the resulting .apk:
$ adb install -r ./app/build/apk/app-debug-unaligned.apk
To start GlassCast use the "Start Broadcasting" Voice trigger. To stop broadcasting, tap your Glass touchpad.
An Evolving Project
GlassCast is an evolving project, so open an Issue on Github and we'll get to it. We're still pondering how to best allow sharing of your broadcast from the Broadcast UI, for example.
Start Hacking!
You're free to use GlassCast as the starting point for your own Glass-powered broadcasting app! Remember that Kickflip's HLS video streams are distributed by a global CDN so they're ideal for broadcasting to very large audiences.
Check out GlassCast on Github!
Onward Ho!
Bad news for owners of Nexus 6P defective units hoping to get their phones replaced for free. Google had quietly replaced most Nexus 6P devices affected by hardware issues with Pixel XL units, but only in North America.
Customers in Europe and Australia haven't been treated the same way, or at least only a small number of Nexus 6P owners have had their phones replaced with Pixel XL devices.
Unfortunately, it looks like Google will no longer replace the Nexus 6P phones and now recommends customers to contact the manufacturer of the device, namely Huawei. It doesn't matter that you've purchased the Nexus 6P via Google Play Store, but the situation could change radically if you have Nexus Protect.
Although Google is no longer replacing faulty Nexus 6P units that are out of warranty, the company is still offering Pixel XL devices to those with valid warranty or Nexus Protect.
It's also worth pointing out that Google is not giving any other smartphones as replacements for out of warranty Nexus 6P units, not even refurbished models.
An email received by an owner of a faulty Nexus 6P phone from Google Support confirms the company will no longer replace these units unless they're within warranty.
Sadly, Huawei does not seem to respond when contacted about any Nexus 6P issues, so most owners are going to be stuck with their faulty phones if they are out of warranty.
source: Reddit
Though tipping the waiter may feel like something that's always been part of the dining experience in America, the fact is, the act of tipping is a borrowed custom from Europe.
According to Michael Lynn, a professor at the Cornell University School of Hotel Administration, tipping in the United States began just after the American Civil War in the late 1800's. Lynn suggests that wealthy Americans traveling abroad to Europe witnessed tipping and brought the aristocratic custom back with them to “show off,” or prove their elevated education and class.
Tipping—which may have originated in the taverns of 17th Century England, where drinkers would slip money to the waiter “to insure promptitude” or T.I.P for short—wasn't embraced by all Americans when the custom began to make its way into our country's taverns and dining halls. A movement against tipping began in the late 1890's as many Americans believed that tipping went against the country's ideals and allowed a clear servile class that would be financially dependent on a higher class.
A servile attitude for a fee
According to an article that appeared in The New York Times in 1897, there was a movement brewing against tipping in America. The anti-tipping group believed that tipping was the “vilest of imported vices” because it created an aristocratic class in a country that fought hard to eliminate a class-driven society. In 1915 six state legislators from Wisconsin, Illinois, Iowa, Nebraska, Tennessee and South Carolina attempted and failed to pass an anti-tipping bill that would make leaving gratuities unlawful.
In 1916, William Scott wrote a stinging diatribe against tipping in their book, “The Itching Palm,” in which they stood up against the policy of paying for a service twice (once for the employer and once for the employee). They decried tips to be “democracy's mortal foe” and creates “a servile attitude for a fee.”
In the American democracy to be servile is incompatible with citizenship. Every tip given in the United States is a blow at our experiment in democracy. The custom announces to the world…that we do not believe practically that “all men are created equal.” Unless a waiter can be a gentleman, democracy is a failure. If any form of service is menial, democracy is a failure. Those Americans who dislike self-respect in servants are undesirable citizens; they belong in an aristocracy.
Scott continues, “If tipping is un-American, some day, somehow, it will be uprooted like African slavery”.
While diners and servers alike haven't stopped grumbling about the tip system, there hasn't been a serious legislative effort to end the practice since. What do you think?
Reader poll: Can you imagine the restaurant industry adopting a no-tipping policy or has the time for change passed?
Share this: LinkedIn
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
Print
Email
Like this: Like Loading...
There's a disturbance in the happy force that envelops the craft beer world, one that should have beer geeks thinking about the future of this little industry we love.
Last month, Tony Magee took to twitter, claiming that Samuel Adams, who recently developed a West Coast India Pale Ale called Rebel IPA, were targeting the barroom tap handles of Lagunitas and other west coast brewers for take over.
Magee more recently took to a forum on BeerAdvocate under the username “DogTown” to provide specifics about their claims, saying this isn't the way craft brewers play in the sandbox – this was a “big beer” tactic and something new to the craft beer world, where brewers compete on merit, not subterfuge. A typically eloquent response from Jim Koch eventually followed, where they denied any wrongdoing by their Boston Beer Company.
I'm writing a TODAY.com piece on the issue, and I reached out to Tony Magee and Jim Koch for comment. Both men were gracious enough to respond, Magee with their trademark candor and Koch with their Harvard-polished prose. I couldn't use the entirety of their answers for TODAY, so I figured I'd post them here unedited for all to read.
Both men were sent the same set of questions, as I wanted to see what I'd get from each when provided with identical inquiries. Magee answered the questions, while Koch provided a statement through Boston Beer Company's PR firm.
I've posted both below, starting with Magee's so you can see the questions that were posed to the brewers:
Tony Magee's Response:
What would you say to people who cling to the idea that America's craft brewers are one big happy family?
You mentioned to me that you were waiting for an answer from the other brewer's PR firm. There is no PR company responding for Lagunitas here and that in and of itself might tell you something about the nature of things. We really are very friendly with a whole lot of our peers in our little industry, and that's a great thing. Can we expect to see less cooperation between craft brewers as the industry matures? This seems inevitable as the segment grows and begins to stabilize.
Craft brewing is a very cooperative place right now and most all brewers sell right alongside each other even as we all fish in the same pond. Let me ask directly so we have it clearly from the source – were the tap handles of Lagunitas and other West Coast IPAs specifically targeted by the BBC sales force?
I believe so. How does Rebel differ from other West Coast style IPAs? Where does it fit in the style?
I don't know if it was intended to differ at all. What kind of feedback have you heard about the Lagunitas/Rebel issue? Do you think BBC's reputation has taken a hit with beer geeks?
I hope no one did not ‘take any hits' over it, but I do hope the other brewer has reevaluated their respect for the business platforms built over the last twenty years by us and other hardworking brewers. Anything else you'd like to add?
Thanks for asking about this. We still see Craft brewing as a shining city on the hill.
Jim Koch's Response:
What's unique about the craft beer industry is that it truly is a brother- and sister-hood. We're a fairly close knit group of passionate brewers who operate as much as colleagues as competitors. With more than 2,500 brewers in the US and a limited number of tap handles in bars and restaurants, naturally there's competition involved, because we're all trying to brew and sell our beers. In terms of our selling priorities, I want to be clear: We don't target other craft brewers. At Boston Beer, we compete against ourselves and our own ideal – to brew the best beer we can. I want to put the best possible glass of beer in front of the American beer drinker. To me, great beer comes from the quality of the ingredients, the elegance of the recipe, and the skill, passion and commitment of the brewer. Many brewers have worked long hours for many years to get craft where it is today. Let's appreciate the category's growth instead of taking aim at each other. As craft brewers, collectively we're just over 6 percent of the beer market, so there's plenty of room to grow. In fact, craft brewing is in the middle of a big growth curve, and I'm glad to see the growth. As the leading craft brewer in the U.S., I've always felt a lot of responsibility to our brewing community. There's a tangible sense that we succeed together or not at all. This is true for many industry sectors that have a core of small, entrepreneurial players, but it's especially true when those small companies compete with giants, the way craft brewers have to compete with multi-national breweries. Craft beer has become popular today because craft brewers are making great beer. The newest addition to our IPA line-up is Rebel IPA. It's a West Coast style IPA brewed with five varieties of West Coast hops – Cascade, Simcoe, Centennial, Chinook and Amarillo. What sets this beer apart is that we've packed in a ton of hop character and aroma, but without the accompanying bitterness. I love the flavor and character of hops but it is easy to overdue the bitterness. I know because we've made some 100+IBU beers over the years. Rebel IPA is plenty bitter but yet, it's still balanced. To get the big hop character without an over-the-top bitterness we played around for a few years with several hop varieties, ratios of late kettle hops to dry hops, different dry hopping regimens, etc. We finally created the recipe and method for this hop flavor profile that we wanted. So far, the feedback from drinks has been really positive.
So there you have it. Without concrete evidence or corroboration, we'll never know what happened here for sure, but it certainly points to a more complicated and potentially cutthroat future for America's craft brewers.
What do you think? Does any of this change your thoughts about Samuel Adams? Are they in a no-win situation here? Is all fair in love and beer sales? Is taste the only thing that matters?
So many questions!
As always, let us know your thoughts below!
.
.
.
Advertisements
The “Man in Black” was one of those people born with an unfathomable “aura of greatness.” Over a decade has passed since their death and their legacy and prominence as cultural icon still rise as large as ever did.
Every dedicated Johnny Cash fan knows the ups and downs of the iconic singer's life: The Folsom Prison phase, the charming love story with their best friend and wife June Carter, their addiction phase.
But it is a fact that the country singer and the cultural legend had led a turbulent life and there are still corners of their life path that are unknown to everyone.
With the outbreak of Korean war, 18-year old Cash did what many young Americans of the time did, they enlisted in the United States Air Force on July 7, 1950.After basic training at Lackland Air Force Base and technical training at Brooks Air Force Base, both in San Antonio, Texas, Cash was assigned to the 12th Radio Squadron Mobile of the U.S. Air Force Security Service at Landsberg, West Germany.
Over their enlistment period “The man in black” or at that time ” The boy in uniform” rose to the rank of Staff Sergent and became a Morse Code operator intercepting Soviet Army transmissions. Cash showed amazing skills at cracking Morse Code so they were put in a leading seat at the Landsberg post to monitor in on Soviet communications. The Air Force period was an important chapter in Johny Cash's life. It was there they were first inspired to write the iconic lyrics for Folsom Prison Blues after seeing the film Inside The Walls of Folsom Prison. Also, while stationed in Landsberg created their first band, named “The Landsberg Barbarians”
However, the highlight during the three years they served the Air Force, surely wasn't something related to their future music career, and is something that a few people actually know about.On March 5th, 1953, while working on their post, Cash intercepted a very important communique from the Soviets. At the time, Joseph Stalin, Soviet Premier Leader was in a quite poor health condition, and as the first man of the Soviet empire, their health status was very important to the U.S intelligence community.
While transcribing the Soviet Morse Code chatter, Johnny Cash became the first American to hear the news of the death of the Soviet leader. Sgt.Staff Cash immediately reported the important news to their superiors and the rest is history.
Regarding the nature of their job, Cash was obliged to keep this as top secret and couldn't tell anyone of their achievement until years later. Cash was honorably discharged as a staff sergeant on July 3, 1954, and returned to Texas.
Bengaluru: Online retailers will again start discounting in earnest this month, as they look to bounce back after two quarters of falling sales—the first such in recent memory for many of them.
Online retail sales dipped to an annualized $12 billion in June, compared with $13 billion in March and $15 billion in December, according to estimates by research and advisory firm RedSeer Management Consulting.
A combination of cost cutting by Flipkart Ltd and Snapdeal (Jasper Infotech Pvt. Ltd), two of India's largest e-commerce firms, and new government rules prohibiting discounts curbed the growth of e-commerce over the past seven months. Monthly sales at Flipkart and Snapdeal were at lower levels in June, compared with December, said two people familiar with the companies' finances, asking not to be identified.
Analysts say the fall in sales is worrying for a market such as India where e-commerce is still at a nascent stage. It again confirms the view that when discounts are pulled and sales events aren't extensively advertised, Indian shoppers are unwilling to spend freely on buying online, they add.
In the June quarter, sales growth at Amazon India (Amazon Seller Services Pvt. Ltd), too, slowed sharply, according to a person familiar with the company's performance who spoke on condition of anonymity. The slowdown was primarily because of foreign direct investment (FDI) rules introduced in March that ban online marketplaces from influencing prices (read that as offering discounts), the person added.
After the rules were announced, all three online marketplaces put sales events on hold temporarily; they re-started sales in late June with the end-of-season fashion sale after figuring out new ways of offering discounts.
Now, Flipkart and Amazon will go head-to-head in a discounting war starting with the Independence Day sale that both companies plan to advertise heavily, said the people cited above.
Amazon has already announced a “Great Indian Sale" between 8 August and 10 August.
Unlike the fashion sale, the Independence Day sale and other sales these companies will launch this year will include all kinds of products including laptops, furniture, large appliances and most importantly, smartphones, the single largest product category for e-commerce firms.
“This time, Flipkart and Amazon will pull out all stops," said Harminder Sahni, managing director, Wazir Advisors. “However, brands across the board have been asking marketplaces to cut discounts as they don't want to hurt their offline business. It will be interesting to see how the marketplaces manage this conflict with brands."
The coming festive season—September to January, when most Indian festivals are concentrated—is a good time for most consumer product companies; for online retailers, it is the most important festive period in years. The performance of Flipkart, in particular, over the period may help determine the company's future, said the analysts.
After changing its chief executive in January, Flipkart is scrambling to maintain its No.1 position in the face of an onslaught from Amazon.
Flipkart has struggled to revive growth this year and the company's sluggish sales are reflected in the decline of the entire industry.
“This festive season is make or break for us," said one of the three people cited above, a Flipkart executive.
“There is pressure to cut costs, but the most important thing is now to get growth back to an acceptable level."
A Flipkart spokesperson declined comment. Amazon and Snapdeal spokespersons didn't respond to emails seeking comment.
While until the beginning of this year, it was a three-way fight between Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon, analysts and investors say the battle now is primarily between Flipkart and Amazon—at least for now.
Snapdeal has been forced to slash spending on discounts, advertising and other things as it looks to conserve cash amid a funding crunch. Unless Snapdeal raises a large new round of funds, the company is likely to be left behind by its two cash-rich rivals.
The festive season sales will also prove to be the first test of Amazon's newly launched Prime service, which the company expects will be one of the key drivers of its growth in India.
Last week, Amazon launched its global Prime membership programme in more than 100 cities in India, offering one-day and two-day delivery on hundreds of thousands of products for a fixed price of ₹ 499 initially.
Bravery under fire:
A mullah who raped a 10-year-old girl in their mosque was sentenced to 20 years in prison after a dramatic trial here in Kabul on Saturday during which their accuser, weeping and shaking, summoned the courage to confront him.
The girl's injuries, the court heard, were horrific (upsetting description, fair warning):
The rape had been so violent that it caused a break in the wall between the vagina and rectum, a fistula, which had to be repaired surgically.
Chances are that if the victim had been of the age of consent, the judge would've treated the rape as mere adultery, just as the mullah's defense lawyers argued they should do in this case; a conviction for adultery would result in both the rapist and the girl undergoing a whipping.
“She cannot commit adultery; they are a child,” [the judge] said. “This is rape.”
Women's activists attending the packed proceedings hailed the sentence as a victory because the mullah was successfully prosecuted under a 2009 law meant to fight violence against women in a country where rape had long been treated as adultery, implicitly placing partial blame on the victim. The judge in this case dismissed the mullah's Shariah law defense.
The prosecutor did not call the girl as a witness, but they insisted on being heard. “You shamed me, liar, you destroyed my life, you brought shame to my father,” they called out. Addressing the judge, they said, “Please, director, hang him.”
This part, at least, cheered me:
And turning again to their rapist:
“Hey liar, hey liar,” they said. “God hate you, you are dirt, you are dirt, you are a vampire.”
The New York Times says that the girl's name is being withheld withheld “for their safety outside their village,” referencing what some Islamists would still like to do to them for them “adultery.”
And the danger to their life is, or was, impossibly close.
After the rape occurred last May, family members of the girl had been overheard plotting to kill them out of shame at what had happened, according to the police and women's activists in Kunduz. Such “honor killings” of rape victims are common in Afghanistan.
Them father says that the family never planned to murder the girl. An uncle, Mohammad Rasoul, commented:
“She was raped and is a child, and if we killed her, how would we answer to God on the day of judgment?”
God, God, God. How about your own conscience, you detestable creep?
During the court proceedings,
The victim's father neither looked at nor spoke to their daughter…, and when they were over, they turned their back on them and walked out. They followed them at a respectful distance.
Into a lifetime of reproach, oppression, and misogyny — if she's lucky and manages to stay alive.
(Image via Shutterstock)
Pictured: Easter Lily
Poisonous to: Cats
Level of toxicity: Potentially moderate to severe
Common signs to watch for:
The most dangerous and potentially life-threatening lily ingestions by cats involve lilies belonging to the genera Lilium (true lilies) and Hemerocallis. Examples of some of these toxic lilies include Asiatic, Easter, Japanese Show, rubrum, stargazer, red, tiger, Western, and wood lilies (Lilium species) and daylilies (Hemerocallis species). Even small ingestions (such as less than 1-2 petals or leaves) – even the pollen or water from the vase – may result in severe, acute kidney failure.
If you suspect your cat has ingested any part of one of these lilies, bring your cat (and the plant) immediately to a veterinarian for medical care. Generally, the sooner treatment is started the better the prognosis.
For more information about lilies, including safer alternative flowers for homes with cats and educational materials, visit our No Lilies for Kitties page.
When in doubt, contact your veterinarian or Pet Poison Helpline for potentially life-saving advice.
When Disney launched its Movies Anywhere app early last year it could only plug digital copies into your iTunes account, but today it linked up with Amazon Instant Video and Microsoft Video. Besides new Disney apps for Xbox 360 and Amazon's Fire TV platform, next week on the 15th it's launching on Roku and Android TV. That means any movie you've unlocked with Disney (like Big Hero 6, Guardians of the Galaxy or Avengers: Age of Ultron) is viewable through any of those services, as well as Google Play and Vudu. Once you connect them to your account, buying a copy on one service unlocks the movie on others, as powered by Disney's KeyChest setup. More importantly, Amazon and Microsoft don't support Ultraviolet digital copies, which may swing the balance of power just as Ultra HD Blu-ray arrives on the scene. Wherever you stream your movies, linking your accounts may be worthwhile since Disney will toss a free copy of Monsters Inc. into your account for doing so.
By Express News Service
CHENNAI: Reskill or die might have become a cliche. But for India's 4 million-strong IT workforce, it is becoming critical. Nasscom's president R Chandrasekhar pointed out on Thursday that if companies did not go through “workforce realignment” and swallow associated job losses, “all jobs” would be in peril.
It's not only lower skilled IT workers who are staring into the abyss. “IT is the first warning bell for every other sector that this is the shape of the future,” they warned. The World Bank, in late 2016, had stated that 69 per cent of all jobs in India are threatened by automation.
Since then, automation has not only become relentless, but is “much faster” than earlier expected. The result? Late last year, clothing major Raymond had stated that it will replace 10,000 jobs with robots in three years, and according to a survey by HR firm Teamlease, both manufacturing and media are likely to be impacted more by automation than IT.
Of the three biggies in IT, TCS and Infosys also registered lower employee counts in the first quarter, down by 1,415 and 1,811 respectively. “But, if companies do not do this... (realign workforces) then all jobs are in peril,” Chandrasekhar pointed out. Tech Mahindra, after apologising to a techie this month for sacking them over phone, had also stated it was aligning its workforce with business objectives and client requirements.
While companies might not have the “luxury” of deciding the pace of change in the global market, as Nasscom says, the way out is to reskill and preserve revenue growth. As long as pace of growth is faster than that of automation, its president pointed out, net employment will grow. Indian IT is still expected to remain a net recruiter this year. However, net recruitment has been on a steady decline, and is expected to fall to 1.3-1.5 lakh this financial year from as much as 2.3 lakh in 2013-14.
The only bright light is that technology has historically created more jobs than it kills. But, these jobs require much higher skill sets, which is exactly why many large firms have already embarked on large scale extensive reskilling efforts.
Supporters greet Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton as they arrive at a town hall at Eagle Heights Elementary School in Clinton, Iowa, Saturday, Jan. 23, 2016. (AP Photo/Patrick Semansky)
CLINTON, Iowa -- Hillary Clinton addressed questions about their health and stamina in Iowa on Saturday, after months of attacks -- primarily by Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump -- that they lacked the "stamina" to be president.
The answer came in response to a question from a woman in the audience who noted that they had been watching Fox News (a declaration that elicited jeers from the crowd) and had heard talk about Clinton's health.
"They talked about how your health was ill, that you were really not equipped to be in the White House because of that," the woman noted.
Clinton heaved a sigh.
"Oh my. Well, they say nearly anything about me. I gotta tell you," Clinton said. "There are several themes they keep beating the drums on."
"I'll match my endurance against anybody," they added.
The answer elicited cheers and whistles, some from women who stood on their feet to applaud Clinton.
[Behind Trump's strong new push to attack Clinton as ‘weak']
They went on by recalling that their late mother could often be found watching Fox News at home.
"I'd come home from the Senate, I'd come home from the State Department, and she'd be watching Fox News," Clinton said as the crowd laughed. "And I'd say: 'Mom, why are you watching Fox News? They make up so much stuff. You know, they've got a political agenda.'"
Them mother would reply: "I've got to know what they are saying so I am ready.”
January 18, 2012
SALT LAKE CITY, Utah – DigiTech today announced the introduction of the iStomp pedal, an entirely new concept in guitar stompboxes that allows musicians to program the effect pedal with any sound they want – and change it at any time. Offering almost limitless sonic possibilities, the iStomp connects to an iPod Touch®, iPhone®, or iPad® enabling musicians to load the effect of their choice into the iStomp.
“The iStomp ushers in a new era in effects pedal functionality,” said Rob Urry, vice president, HARMAN Professional Division and general manager of Signal Processing and Amplifier Business Units. “Until now, guitarists and musicians had to buy a separate pedal for each effect they wanted and a separate pedal for different tones of the same effect. Now, musicians can buy an iStomp and configure an effect exactly the way they want, and later, they can simply download a different tone of that same effect or download an entirely different effect if they want to try something new.”
The iStomp pedal connects to an Apple iOS device using the DigiTech Smart Cable that comes with the iStomp. Once connected, the DigiTech StompShop provides two of the most popular requested effects, the DigiTech Total Recall Delay and the DigiTech Redline Overdrive with the initial purchase. The app also offers access to additional effects that iStomp owners can browse, try out, and purchase for their stompbox. The iStomp pedal has four knobs to control effects parameters, which change their function according to which effect is loaded.
iStomp makes trying out new sounds easier than ever. Any guitarist can try any pedal from the Stomp Shop for free for up to 5 minutes – in their own home, using their own guitar and amp. Approximately 24 pedals will be offered initially, and the selection will expand to include exclusive pedals from DigiTech, officially licensed pedals from other manufacturers and classic legacy DigiTech and DOD products.
Every musician wants to create their or their signature sound, and many buy, sell and trade pedals constantly in their quest for the ultimate tone. With iStomp, users simply pay the cost of a download if they want to get something new. Multiple iStomp pedals can be authorized to the same iTunes account, allowing customers to purchase an effect once from the in-app store, and then load it into any iStomp pedal registered to them. All purchases are saved within the app, making it easy to build up a wide ranging effects collection.
The DigiTech iStomp will begin shipping in January 2012 at $229.95 suggested retail. The iStomp pedal comes with an iOS authorization cable, power supply and the two initial downloads. Additional downloads are available starting at $4.99 each.
HARMAN (www.harman.com) designs, manufactures and markets a wide range of audio and infotainment solutions for the automotive, consumer and professional markets – supported by 15 leading brands including AKG®, Harman Kardon®, Infinity®, JBL®, Lexicon® and Mark Levinson®. The Company is admired by audiophiles across multiple generations and supports leading professional entertainers and the venues where they perform. More than 20 million automobiles on the road today are equipped with HARMAN audio and infotainment systems. HARMAN has a workforce of about 12,000 people across the Americas, Europe and Asia, and reported sales of $3.8 billion for the twelve months ending September 30, 2011.
Shawn Rocco / Raleigh News & Observer / Landov Death row inmate Marcus Robinson smiles toward their family after Cumberland County Senior Resident Superior Court Judge Greg Weeks found that racial bias played a role in their trial and sentencing on Friday, April 20, 2012, in Fayetteville, North Carolina.
Related Bias Law Used to Move a Man Off Of Death Row The New York TImes
The wind of revolution is beginning to blow through the halls of justice. It's a small breeze now and the impact of what many consider one of the worst Supreme Court decisions of the 20th century still weighs heavily, but in North Carolina something called the Racial Justice Act is suggesting that a change is gonna come.
(MORE: Touré: Where Was ‘Stand Your Ground' For Marissa Alexander?)
Many studies have shown that there is significant racial bias in the administration of the death penalty. Defendants are more likely to be sentenced to death for killing whites than for killing blacks and black defendants are more likely to get the death penalty than whites, as was referenced in David Baldus's 1998 report “Racial Discrimination and the Death Penalty”. But a study by Jennifer Eberhardt found the impact of race to be even more nuanced: judges and juries perceive defendants who have physical traits that are stereotypically associated with blackness (broad nose, big lips, dark skin) to be more “death worthy.” What a horrific term. In Eberhardt's study, stereotypically black-looking defendants were twice as likely to be sentenced to death. Sociologists know that race matters in capital punishment, but the Supreme Court has refused to notice since a 1987 decision in McClesky v Kemp.
A Los Angeles Times survey of liberal legal scholars named McClesky one of the worst decisions since World War II. NYU law professor Anthony Anderson called it “the Dred Scott of our time,” referencing the 1857 decision that upheld slavery. Ohio State University Professor Michelle Alexander told me it was the Plessy v Ferguson of our time, referencing the 1896 decision to justify racial segregation. Justice Lewis Powell, who wrote the majority opinion on McClesky, later told their biographer that was one of two votes they regretted.
Warren McClesky was a black man who was convicted of killing a Georgia police officer in 1978. Their legal team produced a study showing racial inequality in the death penalty — specifically that blacks convicted of killing whites in Georgia were four times more likely to be sentenced to death than those convicted of killing non-whites. The court accepted the statistics but rejected McClesky's appeal and wrote, “disparities in sentencing are an inevitable part of our criminal justice system.” So racism is in the mechanism of administering death but … so be it. Bias was found to shape capital punishment and that was acceptable? In dissent, Justice William Brennan wrote, “That a decision to impose the death penalty could be influenced by race is a particularly repugnant prospect, and evidence that race may play even a modest role in levying a death sentence should be enough to characterize that sentence as ‘cruel and unusual.' ” In another dissenting opinion in a different capital punishment case, 1994's Callins v Collins, Justice Harry Blackmun famously wrote that it's impossible to rid racial bias from the death penalty so “I no longer shall tinker with the machinery of death.”
(MORE: Touré: The Racial Cold War is Heating Up)
Since McClesky, judges have not allowed defense attorneys to show juries studies proving racial bias in death sentencing, making it impossible to challenge bias at any stage of the judicial process. It's as if racism only matters when it operates as a specific stated conspiracy rather than a ghost in the machine animated by an accumulation of bias. But two challenges have arisen. From the South.
Racial Justice Acts were passed in Kentucky in 1998 and in North Carolina in 2009, stipulating that if race is found to be a significant factor in the imposition of the death penalty, then death will be commuted to life without parole. North Carolina's act allows three areas in which to argue significant racial bias: that a death sentence is more likely because of the race of the defendant; that a death sentence is more likely because of the race of the victim; or that jury selection was racially biased.
(WATCH: Wrongful Convictions, Race, Class and the Innocence Project)
Almost as soon as North Carolina's act was passed, nearly all death row inmates began challenging their sentences. The first challenge to reach the court was filed by 38 year-old Marcus Reymond Robinson, who was sentenced to death for the 1991 kidnapping and murder of a 17-year-old from whom they stole a car and $27. Robinson was convicted by a jury composed of nine whites, two blacks and one American Indian in a county that's 40% black. Last month, Robinson's sentence was commuted to life because their legal team successfully argued that race was a significant factor in the dismissal of potential jurors. A racially diverse jury is crucial to countering stereotypes and getting fairness. Imagine, white readers, being on trial for murdering a black person and watching the prosecutors remove white people from the jury pool just because they're white, and finding yourself in a room all but filled with blacks who would judge your guilt and whether or not you would die for killing a black person. Does that sound fair? Or frightening? Linking who lives and who dies to race is unacceptable but we do it. Even if you believe in the death penalty from a moral standpoint, racial disparities and other human errors make it hard to trust humanity with the ultimate penalty.
(MORE: Touré: Inside the Racist Mind)
New research shows that shivering may be more effective than exercise when it comes to burning fat, raising the possibility that people determined to lose weight need only go outside without a jacket to achieve their goal.
Dr. Paul Lee, an endocrinologist at the Garvan Institute of Medical Research in Sydney and lead author of a new study, said in a press release that the new findings build on previous research into so-called brown fat — a type of fat tissue that essentially burns energy instead of storing it. Whereas 50 grams of white fat stores 300 calories, the same volume of brown fat can burn 300 calories in one day. “Excitement in the brown fat field has risen significantly over last few years because its energy-burning nature makes it a potential therapeutic target against obesity and diabetes," they explained. "White fat transformation into brown fat could protect animals against diabetes, obesity, and fatty liver.”
The study, which is published in the journal Cell Metabolism, shows that this fat transformation may be achieved without access to weights or treadmills. By exposing volunteers to cold temperatures and measuring their production of hormones associated with brown fat activation, the researchers found that 10 to 15 minutes of shivering yielded the same increase in production as one hour of moderate exercise. "We identified two hormones that are stimulated by cold — irisin and FGF21 — released from shivering muscle and brown fat respectively,” Lee explained. “These hormones fired up the energy-burning rate of human white fat cells in the laboratory, and the treated fat cells began to emit heat — a hallmark of brown fat function."
Aside from illuminating a potential weight-loss method, these findings also expand the current knowledge of the body's own heating mechanism. "When we are cold, we first activate our brown fat because it burns energy and releases heat to protect us,” Lee told reporters. “When that energy is insufficient, muscle contracts mechanically, or shivers, thereby generating heat. However, we did not know how muscle and fat communicate in this process."
Shiver, Burn Fat
The current study dovetails with a paper from Maastricht University published earlier this year, in which researchers show that lowering your thermostat may help you burn excess fat continuously throughout your day. According to the authors, it follows that a nationwide move toward lower indoor temperatures may have a tremendous impact on the national health profile. With obesity rates on the rise, an intervention of this scope may prove to be an invaluable service to public health.
While many factors may account for the health benefits of shivering, Lee and their colleagues believe that it all comes down to the fact that heat generation and exercise follow the same physiological rules. "We speculate exercise could be mimicking shivering — because there is muscle contraction during both processes, and that exercise-stimulated irisin could have evolved from shivering in the cold."
Source: Lee P, Linderman JD, Smith S, et al. Irisin and FGF21 are cold-induced endocrine activators of brown fat functions in humans. Cell Metabolism. 2014.
“A divide that existed between the political fortunes of black and white Americans has just been erased, and I guess it's been erased for all time.” That was the assessment of Julian Bond, the legendary civil-rights leader and former NAACP chair, after Barack Obama won the presidency. It was echoed by prominent African American figures of all generations, who were hopeful that Obama's victory would usher in a new age of successful black politicians. “In the twenty-first century,” wrote journalist Gwen Ifill in The Breakthrough: Politics and Race in the Age of Obama, “the breakthrough generation of black politicians is aiming to capture much bigger territory. Obama's relentless and disciplined giant-slaying campaign is by no means the only story.”
But since the momentous 2008 election, there has been no great flowering of black political life, no renaissance in black political leadership. In a year when the first black president is running for re-election, the only African American bidding for a top statewide office is Maryland state Senator C. Anthony Muse, who is challenging Ben Cardin—a well-liked incumbent—in a hopeless race for the Democratic U.S. Senate nomination. At most, by the end of 2012, two of the nation's 150 governors and senators will be African American.
Yes, David Patterson became governor of New York after the resignation of Eliot Spitzer, but they bowed out of running for a full term after struggling with low approval ratings and accusations of corruption. Obama's replacement in the U.S. Senate, former Illinois lawmaker Roland Burris, operated under a cloud of scandal and didn't even attempt to win the seat in their own right. In 2010, a historically bad year for Democrats, Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick was the only African American to win statewide office.
Click on the image above to enlarge.
If the number of officeholders was in line with African Americans' share of the population—12.2 percent—there would be at least 12 African American senators and six governors. By contrast, the percentage of African Americans in the House of Representatives is nearly consistent with their share of the population—42 members, or almost 10 percent.
Asked to explain the dearth of blacks in high offices, most people would point to overt racism and subconscious bias. But it's not so straightforward. Bruce Oppenheimer, a political scientist at Vanderbilt University, recently co-authored a paper that sought to explain the disparity. Why, they wondered, do black House members not reach for the Senate? The House of Representatives has long been a springboard for political advancement; nearly half the members in the current Senate—49—served in the House. By contrast, of the dozens of African Americans who have held House seats, not one has moved to the Senate, and only four have tried.
Oppenheimer, working with Vanderbilt doctoral students Jennifer Selin and Gbemende Johnson, identified several major obstacles for black House members. First, most African American House members represent districts in large states. Not only do they have more competitors for Senate seats; they also have lower name recognition because they represent a smaller share of their state's population than do House members from smaller states.
“Second,” Oppenheimer says, “is the issue that most African American House members have very liberal voting records. Even if they aren't very liberal, they represent districts that vote very heavily for Democratic presidential nominees,” making it less likely that they can appeal to the moderates and independents who decide elections in most states. Of the 40 black House members currently serving, only two represent competitive districts: Georgia Democrat Sanford Bishop Jr. and Florida Republican Allen West. The other members represent some of the most Democratic districts in the country; in the 2008 presidential election, Obama won those districts by 26 percentage points more than the national average.
Not only does a House member from these districts have a harder time appealing to a broader statewide electorate, but attempts to moderate can prove fatal in Democratic nominating contests. Alabama Congressman Artur Davis, once considered a rising star in the party, tried to move to the right when they ran for governor in 2010; in a widely publicized move, they came out against President Obama's health-care reform law. As a result of their repositioning, Davis—who was one of the first national Democrats to get behind Obama's presidential campaign—lost the black vote and was crushed in the gubernatorial primary by a 25-point margin. The victor? Ron Sparks, a white Democrat who took the time to garner support from the state's black establishment. Davis was banished from the Democratic Party as an apostate—he was last seen writing guest editorials for National Review.
A final factor: African Americans tend to represent less-affluent districts. In the 111th Congress (elected in 2008), the median household income for districts represented by black members was $39,745, compared to a national median of $50,233. “If the base of your initial fund--raising is friends and neighbors,” Oppenheimer says, “then there are limitations to becoming a viable candidate for governor or Senate.”
“If a person does not have access to very deep pockets,” says Carol Moseley Braun, the first African American woman elected to the Senate, “they really don't have a chance.” Braun points out that this problem is especially acute for black politicians, who, without strong fundraising potential, may fail to convince party leaders they can win. “The notion is that African Americans don't have access to deep pockets and won't bring additional money to the party coffers that would then allow the party to expand its vote-getting capacity,” Braun says. To prove they are viable candidates, black politicians need to raise huge sums of money. Because of low confidence in their ability to do so, however, fundraising is difficult; an ambitious black politician can easily become trapped in a vicious cycle of low expectations and diminished opportunities.
One can imagine a world in which even a talent like Obama could be stuck, unable to fight past these forces. In 2000, as a University of Chicago law professor, Obama ran for the House against incumbent Democrat Bobby Rush in their heavily black district. Obama lost the primary and, two years later, ran for state senate and won. Had they nabbed Rush's House seat, Obama would likely have been limited in their ability to raise funds and hampered statewide by the liberalism of their district. In retrospect, their loss to Rush was a godsend that freed them to build a multiracial constituency outside of Chicago's South Side.
At one time, Obama wanted to be mayor of Chicago, a powerful position that could serve as a stepping-stone for higher office. Indeed, since the 1980s—with Harold Washington in Chicago, Norm Rice in Seattle, and David Dinkins in New York City—urban mayorships have been important tests of broad political appeal for black politicians. If Obama had succeeded, though, they would have faced similar constraints, since the problems encountered by black local leaders often mirror those of black House members. Despite the prominence that comes with leading large cities, no black mayor has been elected governor or senator.
In 1990, Harvey Gantt looked like the breakthrough candidate who would overcome the obstacles. Gantt was the first African American mayor of Charlotte, North Carolina—home to national banks like Bank of America and a center of commerce for the entire South. With two successful terms as mayor behind them and a proven ability to win white votes, they decided to challenge archconservative U.S. Senator Jesse Helms. The Democrat's campaign generated a tremendous amount of excitement both in the state and nationwide, and for a moment it looked like Gantt could beat Helms and become the second African American senator in a hundred years. Nonetheless, as they moved closer to the prize, their race became an insurmountable burden.
As the highly visible mayor of a diverse, major metropolitan area, Gantt had entered the contest with an enviable set of advantages. “When I decided to run,” Gantt says, “I thought I could win using the same kind of coalition I used to win in Charlotte, where only 25 percent of the population was African American, in the state as a whole, which was 21 percent African American.” Charlotte also provided a good fundraising base for Gantt's campaign. “I never really worried about the money,” they say. Thanks to national attention galvanized by their attempt to unseat a former segregationist, Gantt was also able to raise significant money from Democratic donors in the party strongholds of New York, Los Angeles, San Francisco, and Atlanta.
***
For most of the fall, the race was tight. But in what became a low mark for racial ugliness in a modern campaign, Helms's team released its infamous “Hands” ad, produced by GOP consultant Alex Castellanos, late in the campaign. The ad opens in a dark room, as a pair of white hands crumples a rejection letter while an announcer provides the voice-over: “You needed that job, and you were the best qualified. But they had to give it to a minority because of a racial quota.” The ad was widely credited with helping lift Helms to a five-point win.
In 2006, ten years after Gantt lost a rematch with Helms, Tennessee Congressman Harold Ford Jr. saw their senatorial campaign crumble after a similar appeal to the racial fears of Southern whites. Ford, the charismatic scion of a powerful black political family in Memphis, ran close to Republican Bob Corker for most of the race, until the Republican National Committee launched a last-minute broadside with its “Call Me” ad. In the spot, a young, blond white woman flirts with the viewer—who stands in for Ford—and asks the black member of congress to call them
More than 20 years later, Gantt sees the “Hands” ad as emblematic of the obstacles still facing ambitious black politicians in the South, where the majority of black officeholders reside. “These are the states where the history of racial segregation makes it difficult to find white citizens who will get behind a campaign,” they say. “A lot of very capable African American politicians in the South don't see much opportunity to win a large part of the white population.”
Of course, white politicians are hardly immune to attacks on their policy views or their character. Senator John Kerry, famously “swiftboated” in 2004, stands as a prominent example. Kerry was attacked as an individual, however, while Gantt and Ford were attacked as representatives of a group. Jesse Helms could have aired their ad against Harold Ford, and the RNC could have aired “Call Me” against Gantt, and they would have worked equally well. As African Americans running in the former Confederacy, the Democrats were vulnerable to the hateful stereotypes that defined blacks for many white Southerners.
Despite the attacks that took down Gantt and Ford, outright racism isn't the main reason that keeps African Americans locked out of the highest statewide positions. Rather, it's the accumulated effects of long-term racial discrimination—the limitations associated with representing heavily black House districts or leading majority-black cities—that block further advancement. If black politicians almost always represent black constituencies, it's because of historic housing patterns shaped by discrimination. If black constituencies are typically less affluent than their white counterparts, it's because more African Americans are still in low-income brackets, another product of discrimination.
Braun believes it's a question of normalizing African American leadership. In Chicago, they note, “we had the benefit of [Mayor] Harold Washington, we had the benefit of state Senator Richard Newhouse, who helped to nurture young people and build a bench.” Braun was a speechwriter for Newhouse. “By the time people asked me to run for public office,” they say, “I was a lot more experienced than I thought.”
The problem is that we have normalized black leadership. President Obama stands as the most prominent example; in the last decade, we've also had two black secretaries of state and a black attorney general. We shouldn't discount these gains, which are genuine achievements, but they've done nothing to counter the structural obstacles that keep African Americans from climbing the political ladder.
“That's not going to change very easily,” Oppenheimer says. “If you decided to move the African American population of Washington, D.C., to Wyoming tomorrow, then you could elect an African American senator. But that's not going to happen.”
Came home today to a big, purple box! Cadburys. It was already a good gift and I hadn't even opened the box yet. Moving the packing peanuts aside (which the cat seems to love), there was another purple box, full of chocolate and beer!
Now, i had noted in my likes my love of nibbles/chocolate and especially craft beer. So let me say right now, this gift is amazing.
4 big bars of dairy milk (of differing varieties) which is always good, but the highlight is the beers, of which ive never had before.
Looks like a local brewery in Suffolk called St Peters. A bottle of Golden Ale, and a bottle of Porter. No exaggeration that im very much looking forward to trying these. So, McIntosh101, thankyou very much, i love it to bits!
A century ago now, an American senator stated that “the first victim of war is the truth.” This statement holds true for political and ideological wars, especially in this era where politicians have decided that it is in their interest to harass the media so as not to have to submit to the rigors of fact-checking. The current crisis in Catalonia is no exception. Under a mountain of lies, exaggerations, unfounded rumors and post-truths, there are a series of facts that we the media have the obligation to preserve and transmit, despite a toxic atmosphere that is putting our very existence at risk.
Let's consider the facts behind two pro-independence leaders ending up in pre-trial custody without bail. Just the facts, chronologically: On September 20, the Spanish National Police and Civil Guard carried out searches and arrests to stop a referendum from going ahead in Catalonia, after the poll was declared illegal by the Spanish courts. The two major private associations that work in favor of secession from Spain, the National Catalan Assembly (ANC, with 80,000 members), and Òmnium Cultural (with 73,000 members), called for protests where Spanish officers were working.
One of those areas was the headquarters of the regional economy department in Barcelona. The Civil Guard officers entered at 8am and left three patrol cars – with weapons and ammunition inside – outside the front entrance. While the police were carrying out the work that had been ordered by a judge, around 40,000 people gathered outside the doors and blocked off the exit. The officers were trapped inside until after 2am, and the last to leave did so 24 hours after having entered.
Outside, the crowds broke the cars' windows, burst their tires and stole the material. A number of protestors got up on the hoods of the cars. During the night, the two leaders of ANC and Òmnium Cultural, Jordi Sànchez and Jordi Cuixart, also got up on the hoods of the cars, with a megaphone. The only video that has circulated of that incident is one of Cuixart saying to the demonstrators on top of the destroyed car: “We call on you, as far as is possible, for this protest to disperse.”
The two independence leaders on top of a Civil Guard vehicle on September 20.
For the High Court judge in charge of the probe into the day's events, these facts are sufficient to accept the charges of sedition against the two pro-independence leaders, given that they believe that there is proof that they tried to encourage the masses to impede the actions of the justice system.
Under Spanish law, the offense of sedition carries a maximum 15-year prison sentence for those who “publicly and tumultuously rise up to prevent, by force or outside the legal channels, application of the law, or any authority, official corporation or public officer from the lawful exercise of their duties, or implementation of administrative or judicial resolutions.”
The pair's trial has yet to start, but the judge in charge of the investigative stage believes that there is a flight risk in the case of the two suspects, or that they will not appear in court.
These are the facts – facts on which there are a huge amount of opinions. One could think, as the pro-independence supporters do, that the referendum was legitimate and the two activists are unfairly jailed defenders of democracy. One could also think the opposite: that not only do they deserve to be held in pre-trial custody without bail, but also deserve a conviction for having facilitated a situation that saw Civil Guard officers effectively held hostage until the early hours of the morning.
These, however, are only opinions. The media should report on facts. We cannot adapt our news stories to a political or ideological narrative, no matter how honorable their aims may be. And that is the part of the press. Then there is the part about Spain as a whole.
Spain is a country with the rule of law, and with a democratic system as young as it is complex. Of course, it is not a perfect democracy, if such a thing even exists. Spain has some serious problems: high levels of unemployment, corruption within the party that is in government, inequality between its different regions, and high abstention in election processes. Even so, since 2006 it has scored 9/10 in The Economist magazine's Democracy Index, above the United States, France and Italy. Spain also has high benchmarks of pluralism and civil liberties.
In its 40 years of democracy, Spain has managed a complex balance: it is not a centralist state such as France, but neither is it completely federal, such as Germany. It's a hybrid, in which there are regions with less autonomy and others with a level of self-governance on a par with that of Switzerland, as is the case of Catalonia. This is also a fact: the Catalans have their own health system, education system and police force, among many other powers.
In terms of rights, Spain does not have death penalty, there is a public, universal healthcare system and elections are regularly called on the local, regional and national levels. And above all else, there is freedom of expression and information. After so many years of dictatorship, the press is finally able to operate as Thomas Carlyle defined it in the 19th century: as a fourth estate, one that monitors the other three: the executive, the legislative and the judicial powers.
One of the damaged Civil Guard vehicles on September 20. QUIQUE GARCIA EFE
What is genuinely worrying is that this freedom of the press is in danger due to the Catalan crisis. The starting gun for the persecution that journalists are being subjected to was fired in August, when the Catalan regional premier, Carles Puigdemont, said that an editorial from EL PAÍS was “miserable” for calling for the independence process to be halted given the severity of the terrorist attacks in Barcelona.
Journalists from EL PAÍS are being called fascists, nazis and murderers. We are being harassed on social networks with insults directed at us and our families. Anonymous profiles post messages saying that they know where we live. Those of us who appear on television have been shouted at and insulted on the street. The atmosphere is stifling, above all in Catalonia. Using activists on Twitter, with Julian Assange taking the lead, and media outlets that are highly subsidized by the Catalan government – such as El Nacional – pro-independence forces have put a tremendous campaign into action in a bid to silence us or adapt our reporting to their narrative.
Even Reporters Without Borders (RWB) has got involved: “Driven by the intimidation maneuvers of the executive of Mariano Rajoy, the regional government has gone too far in its attempts to impose its vision on local, Spanish and international media,” the head of the RWB office for the EU-Balkans, Pauline Adès-Mevel, has said. RWB has compared these tactics with the “campaigns of Donald Trump and far-right movements,” and they are.
When pro-independence supporters hurl insults at veteran journalists who risked their lives to do their jobs during a dictatorship, and call them fascists, they are acting like Trump, who qualifies every story that they don't like as being “fake news.”
Separatist politicians have begun treating the press as their worst enemy, making the entire construct of Spanish democracy tremble. They are seeking any kind of suspicious insinuation among the owners and stakeholders of media companies. In the case of EL PAÍS, which is fully and only owned by Grupo PRISA, they have even suggested absurd and ill-intentioned relations such as being behind funding for so-called Islamic State. Anything goes for these politicians and activists, in order to destroy the media and do away with any story that does not bend to their will.
Another of the strategies they follow is to say that this newspaper is acting under the orders of the central government during this Catalan crisis. And that is a serious affront, because the independence of this newspaper and its professionals are completely protected from any interference from the powers-that-be by a charter that is an example among the European press. In its editorials, EL PAÍS has been – and continues to be – incredibly tough and critical of the Popular Party government: for not having engaged in politics when it had the chance, for having been irresponsible and indolent with this crisis, for not having spearheaded reforms to the Constitution to grant Catalonia greater autonomy. In fact, it went so far as to support the alternative that was led by the Socialist Party at the last elections.
An old photo used to denounce police brutality by independence supporters.
That position cannot stop the flagship newspaper in Spain from pointing out lies and inaccuracies. When pro-independence forces say that the police charges during the referendum ended up with 900 people injured, this newspaper has a duty to check that figure. When they claim the day saw the worst violence in Europe since the Second World War, we must reject that statement, because it isn't true. When they distribute old photos to denounce the current violence, we must report this fact. When they call on us to talk about political prisoners, we cannot yield, because the facts do not back up that information.
It is true that in the current crisis that the Western model of democracy is going through the press is being subjected to a persecution by political forces of all stripes, whether they be populist, extremist or nationalist. These politicians are availing themselves of the new environment – more plural and more fragmented – of social networks. The media is facing the challenge of knowing how to operate in this new ecosystem in order to continue to do our job by resisting, no matter how strong they are, the pressures from political power, wherever they may come from.
English version by Simon Hunter.
While chomping on some Honey Bunches of Oats, it occurred to me that they've taken that beehive-shaped wooden Honey-Stick Thing and actually made it their mascot.
I love how proudly it's featured on the box. If Honey Bunches of Oats was a TV show, it would definitely be starring the honey thing.
It didn't take much looking to see what a nice career this utensil has carved out for itself.
Over the years the honey-stick thing has appeared in a long-running series of boxes with fellow cereal star, the Honey Nut Cheerios bee.
The honey thing can also be seen co-starring (and drizzling) with Dig 'Em the Frog in the big-budget buddy comedy, "Honey Smacks."
The stick even scored a guest-starring role in the critically acclaimed cruncher, "Golden Grahams."
Despite working with industry heavy-weights, it is certainly not beneath the Honey-stick to slum it for a quick check.
Here they can be seen in the straight-to-video cereal equivalent "Honey Bumpers" as well as playing an embarrassing dual-role in the breakfast aisle flop, "Mighty Bites."
You have done well for yourself, little wooden honey thing. I suspect you have a kick-ass publicist, since NOBODY ACTUALLY USES YOU.
If I were that cute bear-shaped squeeze bottle of honey in my kitchen, I'd be on the phone with my agent right now, tearing them a new one.
Posted by Steven | Archive
Asbestos turns up in toys, children's clay DIYers who use duct tape, spackle, roof sealer also at risk of exposure
Asbestos has been found in a variety of consumer products, including one of this season's biggest-selling Christmas toys, according to the nation's largest asbestos victims organizations.
The CSI Fingerprint Examination Kit, two brands of children's play clay, powdered cleanser, roof sealers, duct tapes, window glazing, spackling paste and small appliances were among the products in which asbestos was found by at least two of three labs hired by the Asbestos Disease Awareness Organization.
The group, which was created in 2004 by asbestos victims and their families, spent more than $165,000 to have government-certified laboratories examine hundreds of consumer products over 18 months to determine whether asbestos was present.
It is unusual for a group of volunteers, many of whom have asbestos-caused diseases, to fund research that impacts public health.
"We had to. No one else was doing it," said Linda Reinstein, the group's co-founder and executive director. "This is information that consumers and Congress must have because asbestos is lethal and we naively believe that the government is protecting us, when it's not."
The product that is of the greatest concerns to some public health experts is the fingerprint kit, which is a huge seller, according to sales personnel interviewed by the Seattle P-I.
The kit, made in China, is one of several items licensed by CBS after its popular "CSI" science-crime shows. This model has an extensive array of plastic tools, inks and three types of very fine powders -- white, black and glow-in-the-dark. The analysis done for the victim's organization found high levels of two types of asbestos in the white and the glow powder.
Physicians are especially concerned because of the significant likelihood of children breathing in asbestos fibers as they hunt for fingerprints and use a soft-bristled brush to move the powder around.
CBS Consumer Products responded quickly when told of the reported contamination.
"We've asked our licensee to immediately conduct an independent test in the U.S. for asbestos. If the toy is determined to be unsafe, then we will insist that the licensee remove it from the market," a statement from a CBS spokesperson said.
The manufacturer and distributor -- Planet Toys in New York City -- said in an e-mail that it frequently inspects the plants in China that make the CSI toys.
"The kit has been tested and has met all safety standards requirements as set by toy safety agencies and legislation, including the Consumer Product Safety Commission," a spokesperson said, but added, "The agencies don't require asbestos testing and therefore we have never been apprised of any unacceptable levels of asbestos.
"We respect anyone's right to test our products and should their or our future tests reveal anything unacceptable, we'll of course take swift action to remove contaminated products from the market."
Some of the products tested for the organization contained less than 1 percent asbestos, which would not be prohibited under the partial asbestos ban just passed by the Senate. Industry lobbyists succeeded in watering down the complete ban that Sen. Patty Murray, D-Wash., tried to pass. The House soon will hold hearings on the legislation and is expected to attempt a complete prohibition of all asbestos-containing products.
But other products, including the CSI fingerprint kit, exceeded that level, at about 5 percent asbestos. One of the highest levels of asbestos -- 30 percent -- was found in a roof sealer.
Health experts insist that asbestos at any level must be considered potentially hazardous.
"Any amount is harmful. Even 1 percent can represent millions of fibers, so we need a complete ban of all asbestos, at any level," said Dr. Arthur Frank, co-chairperson of the organization's science advisory board and chairperson of the Department of Environmental and Occupational Medicine at the Drexel University School of Public Health in Philadelphia.
Dr. Michael Harbut, an international authority in the diagnosis and treatment of asbestos-related diseases, calls the 1 percent exemption a "get out of jail free" card provided by the government to those who "profiteer off the asbestos-related deaths of Americans who wrongly believed these types of products are safe."
The products tested for the organization were bought from several national retail chains, including Wal-Mart, Costco, Toys "R" Us, Home Depot, Lowe's, Macy's, CVS, Bed Bath & Beyond and others.
Another product the labs said contained asbestos was Art Skills' Clay Bucket, where asbestos was found in six colors of clay.
The Pennsylvania-based family business uses clay from Thailand and, Jennifer Hogan said, produces "a safe and hazard-free product" which has "passed all toxicology tests required to conform to applicable United States safety standards."
Hogan says their firm appreciates the seriousness of the organization's concerns "and will pursue vigorously any evidence of hazardous substances in our products."
Three varieties of Ja-Ru Toy Clay contained asbestos, according to the laboratory reports. Omnimodels in Jacksonville, Fla., which distributes the clay from China to major toy chains, did not respond to a request for comment.
"There is no excuse for this. The fact that asbestos is still being found in consumer products is appalling," said Dr. Aubrey Miller of the U.S. Public Health Service, who has been researching asbestos health issues with the Environmental Protection Agency for almost a decade. "Even more concerning are products sold to be used by children. They have more time to exhibit the health effects from exposure to these disease-causing fibers."
The laboratories reported asbestos in Scotch High Performance Duct Tape and its All Weather Duct Tape, both of which are manufactured in Canada, according to 3M.
"3M has a policy against using asbestos in our products," said Jackie Berry, a corporate spokesperson, "and we don't use asbestos in our duct tape."
The labs also said asbestos was found in numerous tests of DAP Crack Shot Spackling Paste and DAP's 33 Window Glazing.
David Fuller, vice president of marketing for DAP, said "neither product contains asbestos. As a responsible company, DAP has been, and will continue to be, in regular contact with our suppliers and will routinely review information and regulations relevant to ensuring the safety and efficacy of our products."
The test results reported high levels of asbestos in Gardner Leak Stopper. A request for comment from Gardner-Gibson's Headquarters in Tampa went unanswered.
Asbestos also was found in hair rollers, hot plates and small appliances imported from China and sold in major drug store chains. The organization may do additional testing on those products and others.
Paul Zygielbaum, a survivor of mesothelioma, and their wife, Michelle, proposed tests of products readily available on U.S. store shelves.
"Our reasoning was that, while the continuing legality of asbestos doesn't seem to cause public outrage, the actual, unsuspected presence of asbestos in everyday products might do so," said Zygielbaum, who managed the testing.
Everyone involved with the organization's testing is convinced that numerous other products being sold contain asbestos.
"Every exposure to asbestos fibers is associated with an increased risk of cancer and asbestosis," said Harbut, who is co-director of the National Center for Vermiculite and Asbestos Related Cancers. "The use of these sorts of products may explain at least in part why some non-smokers get lung cancer and persons with no occupational exposures develop mesothelioma."
"In a perfect world, the manufacturers of these products would ensure that they are toxin-, carcinogen- and asbestos-free. In the real world, one of the cardinal responsibilities of government is to protect the people. It's just not happening,"
After reporting its findings at a news conference in Washington on Wednesday morning, the organization says it will submit its testing information to the Consumer Product Safety Commission and the EPA.
"The government really needs to act responsibly and honestly and understand that political compromises have no meaning to a family devastated by an asbestos cancer," Harbut said.
The Asbestos Disease Awareness Organization's Reinstein says, "The government has to do its job."
"There is no reason at all for the American consumer to pull a product off the market shelf and wonder whether it has asbestos in it that can kill them or their family. Just no reason at all," Reinstein said. Them husband, Alan, died of mesothelioma last year.
After years of litigation in two countries, a federal court in the US has weighed in on a thorny question: Does Google US have to obey a Canadian court order requiring Google to take down information around the world, ignoring contrary rules in other jurisdictions? According to the Northern District of California, the answer is no.
The case is Google v. Equustek , and it's part of a growing trend in which courts around the world order companies to take actions far beyond the borders those courts usually respect. It started as a simple dispute in Canada between British Columbia-based Equustek Solutions and Morgan Jack and others, known as the Datalink defendants. Equustek accuses them of selling counterfeit Equustek routers online. The defendants never appeared in court to challenge the claim, which meant that Equustek effectively won without the court ever considering whether the claim was valid.
That was all normal enough, but Equustek also argued that California-based Google facilitated access to the defendants' sites. Although Google was not named in the lawsuit and everyone agreed that Google had done nothing wrong, it voluntarily took down specific URLs that directed users to the defendants' products and ads under the Canadian Google.ca domains. Equustek wanted more and so it persuaded a Canadian court to order Google to delete the allegedly infringing search results from all other Google domains, including Google.com and Google.co.uk. Google appealed, but both the British Columbia Court of Appeal and the Supreme Court of Canada upheld that decision.
Here's the thing: a court in one country has no business issuing a decision affecting the rights of citizens around the world. As EFF explained in numerous filings in the case, a global de-indexing order conflicts with rights recognized in the U.S, such as the right to access information and the protections of Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act. The Canadian order set a dangerous precedent that would be followed by others, creating a race to the bottom as courts in countries with far weaker speech protections would feel empowered to effectively edit the Internet.
Unfortunately, the Supreme Court of Canada dismissed those concerns, stating:
If Google has evidence that complying with such an injunction would require it to violate the laws of another jurisdiction, including interfering with freedom of expression, it is always free to apply to the British Columbia courts to vary the interlocutory order accordingly.
Google now appears to have that evidence. In an order granting Google's request for a preliminary injunction, Judge Edward Davila held that Section 230 protected Google's activities in indexing the website at issue, and that the Canadian order was therefore unenforceable in the United States.
By forcing intermediaries to remove links to third-party material, the Canadian order undermines the policy goals of Section 230 and threatens free speech on the global internet.
Google can now seek a permanent injunction and take Judge Davila's order back to British Columbia and ask the court to modify the original order.
The California ruling is a ray of hope on the horizon after years of litigation, but it is far from a satisfying outcome. While we're glad to see the court in California recognize the rights afforded by Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act, most companies will not have the resources to mount this kind of international fight. If the current trend continues, many overbroad and unlawful orders will go unchallenged. Courts presented with a request for such an order must step up and require plaintiffs to meet a high burden – including proving that the requested order doesn't run contrary to the rights of everyone it will affect.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
President Donald Trump on Wednesday used a commencement address at the Coast Guard Academy to declare that no other politician in history has ever been “treated worse or more unfairly by the media” than they have. The speech was Trump's first public appearance since a bombshell New York Times story revealed that the president had allegedly asked then-FBI director James Comey to drop the investigation into former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn. (The White House has denied the allegations.)
During the ceremony, Trump compared their relationship with the media to the challenges that lie ahead for the Coast Guard graduates.
“Over the course of your life, you will find that things are not always fair,” the president said. “You will find that things happen to you that you do not deserve and that are not always warranted, but you have to put your head down and fight, fight, fight. Never ever ever give up. Things will work out just fine. Look at the way I've been treated lately—especially by the media. No politician in history—and I say this with great surety—has been treated worse or more unfairly.”
“You can't let them get you down,” Trump continued. “You can't let the critics and the naysayers get in the way of your dreams.” They added: “I guess that's why we won. Adversity makes you stronger.”
Later in the speech, Trump said that they “didn't get elected to serve the Washington media or special interests” and promised the Coast Guard graduates that they would never stop fighting for them. Interestingly, while the president's budget would increase defense spending by $54 billion, they actually proposed slashing the Coast Guard's budget by $1.3 billion—a 12-percent cut.
10 Hot Cybersecurity Certifications for 2018
Shaurya Sinha Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 29, 2017
With an increased number of hacking attempts and virus outbreaks, Cybersecurity is a necessity for organizations. Hackers nowadays are trying to find new vulnerabilities to produce maximum impact without getting noticed.
With these challenges, the developers are having a tough time to release bug fixes on time and keep the software patched properly. The same challenge has been imposed for the organizations as well, to ensure that their network is secure.
As the Business differs from organization to organization, the security requirements also change accordingly but generally, it revolves around the security triad CIA.
CIA stands for
C — Confidentiality
— Confidentiality I — Integrity
— Integrity A — Availability
The importance of the elements of the triad changes is based on the nature of the business. Hence, it is very critical for the organizations to hire the right set of resources, who can manage the infrastructure and ensure that the network is as much secure as possible.
When we talk about the right set of resources, it is very important for everyone to understand what skills the organizations are seeking. As security is a niche skill, anyone with security skills is highly valued in the industry, but a professional certification raises the bar for any applicant.
Employers always prefer candidates with accredited industry standard certifications. Here are ten hottest certifications for 2018 and which is definite to fetch you a highly payable cybersecurity jobs:
CISSP — Certified Information Systems Security Professional
CISSP is currently granted by the International Information System Security Certification Consortium, also known as (ISC)². CISSP covers all the domains of security ranging Risk Management to Security Operations. To become CISSP certified, there is a requirement of having a minimum of 5 years of experience in two or more information security domains of (ISC)².
The certification is aimed at the people who have relevant technical and management skills. CISSP is valid for 3 years and can be renewed by meeting the required number of CPE (Continuing Professional Education) points.
CCSP — Certified Cloud Security Professional
In this ever-dynamic new world of Cloud Computing, new threats are exploited posing a huge risk to the data available on the Cloud. Earning a CCSP certification will represent that the person has good understanding, knowledge and hands-on experience with Cloud architecture and designing.
CCSP is currently accredited by (ISC)² but was created by (ISC)² and Cloud Security Alliance. A CCSP certification will not only provide unique recognition and establish your credibility, it will also help in career advancement.
CISA — Certified Information Systems Auditor
This certification is specially designed for professionals who aspire to grow as an Auditor in the field of Information Security. CISA covers the following 5 domains extensively:
Domain 1: The process of auditing information systems
The process of auditing information systems Domain 2: Governance and management of IT
Governance and management of IT Domain 3: Information systems acquisition, development, and implementation
Information systems acquisition, development, and implementation Domain 4: Information systems operations, maintenance, and support
Information systems operations, maintenance, and support Domain 5: Protection of information assets
Being a CISA certified establishes the fact that you have knowledge and experience in the above-mentioned domain. CISA is recognized globally and the recertification can be done by submitting the required CPE points with ISACA (Information Systems Audit and Control Association).
CISM — Certified Information Security Manager
CISM is a globally recognized standard in the field of Information security management.
CISM is also accredited by ISACA. Anyone who holds the CISM certificate is expected to have a sound knowledge and understanding establishing the relation between Information Security and the Business. CISM focuses on the following domains:
Domain 1: Information Security Governance
Information Security Governance Domain 2: Information Risk Management
Information Risk Management Domain 3: Information Security Program Development
Information Security Program Development Domain 4: Information Security Program Management
Information Security Program Management Domain 5: Incident Management and Response
CRISC — Certified in Risk and Information Systems Control
CRISC certified professionals are expected to build and establish the understanding of the impacts of IT risks and how it will affect the overall business. Hence, for the professionals with an understanding of the Risk Analysis, are targeted for this certification from ISACA. The domains covered under this certification are:
Domain 1 — IT Risk Identification
IT Risk Identification Domain 2 — IT Risk Assessment
IT Risk Assessment Domain 3 — Risk Response and Mitigation
Risk Response and Mitigation Domain 4 — Risk and Control Monitoring and Reporting
CEH — Certified Ethical Hacker
As the name suggests, people who hold the CEH certificate are ethical hackers, who can help the organization in identifying the weaknesses and vulnerabilities in the network, so that they can be remediated by applying proper controls, before they get exploited. CEH is focused on vulnerability assessment and penetration testing, along with other hacking concepts like Enumeration and Reconnaissance. It also helps in developing skills and perform various kind of attacks to understand the pattern of attacks that take place in the cyber world.
ECSA — EC-Council Certified Security Analyst
ECSA, formerly known as LPT (Licensed Penetration Tester) is also designed to enhance the penetration skills of the security professional. It is an interactive 5-day training program where the candidate learns the and develops the penetration testing skills and can use them in a practical world, to secure the organization's network from the external world.
CHFI — Computer Hacking Forensic Investigator
Many organizations nowadays are not only interested in securing their network but they also intend to identify the offender/hacker/attacker, who has caused an impact on their business. Hence, the certification from EC-Council enables the professionals to have the required skills which can help the organization to perform the required forensic activities in case of hacking incidents or virus attacks. CHFI certified professionals can perform forensic activities to identify the signature pattern of a new virus and can secure the network more efficiently.
GPEN — GIAC Penetration Tester
GPEN is a certification which is specially designed for professionals whose job role includes vulnerability assessment, Penetration testing, and ethical hacking. As any other GIAC certification, this certification is also completely based on the practical and hands-on experience of the aspirant. It widely covers the various aspects related to Penetration testing, including the legal challenges around penetration testing as well.
GSEC — GIAC Security Essentials Certification
GSEC is an intermediate level certification from GIAC, targeting the security professionals with excellent hands-on skills with respect to the security tasks. There is no specific training or course material as such, because the certification is completely focused on the practical experience of the aspirant and hence establishes the credibility of the professional, once certified. GSEC is valid for 4 years and needs to be renewed after that.
Media playback is not supported on this device Jack Marshman - UFC's first Welshman
"There are some days where I don't want to come to the gym. Some days my body's in bits because I've been smashing it all week."
Jack Marshman joined the army at 17 and served in Afghanistan with the 3rd Battalion, the Parachute Regiment.
A physically demanding career complemented Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) training up to three times a day, with appearances for the Para's infamous boxing team in the past.
Twenty-five professional MMA fights later, they are now moving to compete in the sport full-time, leaving the army for a four-fight contract with Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) worth "enough to live on".
They will make their UFC debut against Sweden's Magnus Cedenblad at UFC Fight Night 99 at the SSE Arena in Belfast on 19 November.
"It's a bit of an honour to be the first Welsh guy and I hope it opens the door for all the other guys," says Marshman, who is nicknamed "The Hammer".
MMA is a combat sport which sees competitors use a variety of techniques from wrestling, kickboxing and other martial arts.
In UFC, the sport's top competition, fights take place inside an eight-sided cage known as the Octagon and a win is by knockout, points or submission.
UFC claims to reach a worldwide audience of 1.2 billion and 26-year-old Marshman from Abertillery has become the first Welshman to join.
"I've got a good coach and team behind me who'll get me to the gym and motivate you," Marshman says.
Their home gym is Tillery Combat in Blaina, Blaenau Gwent, where coach Richard Shore says there is a hotbed of talent waiting to join Marshman - and they are surprised it has taken so long for a Welsh fighter to make it to that level.
"We have been the forgotten nation in Wales - there are people from Ireland, Scotland and England signed to UFC," says Shore.
Richard Shore is Jack Marshaman's coach at the Tillery Combat gym in Blaina
"And if they ever came to Wales to put a show on we'd probably fill the Principality Stadium.
"But we're there now, and for the whole of Wales this should give everybody that bit of drive to push to the next level.
"It's like winning the lottery, to be honest. It's a bit like if I was coaching a local football team and one of my players was selected to go and play with [Cristiano] Ronaldo at Real Madrid in the Champions League."
Marshman says the difference was "sticking at it" even when training became tough, with the help and encouragement of Shore at the gym.
"Even when I had little doubts in the back of my head they kept telling me - and here we are," Marshman adds.
James Elliot, UFC Europe's vice-president, says they and their colleagues are excited to see what Marshman can achieve.
"For anyone who makes it to this level, these are the best fighters in the world, the best martial artists in the world," Elliott says.
"He has their four-fight contract now. We'll see how they get on and hopefully he'll be with the UFC for a long time.
Michael Bisping became the first Briton to win a UFC title
"Performances will dictate where they go from here.
"Everyone wants their own heroes, everyone wants their own people to get behind and it's great that Wales now has that.
"Hopefully they can press on and bring the whole country with them - certainly when we announced we'd signed them our social media feeds went on fire."
So who in UFC is Marshman is looking to emulate?
The first Englishman to become a UFC champion was fellow middleweight Michael Bisping, graduating, like Marshman, from the 'Cage Warriors' title.
"That's the sort of mindset I'd like to get in and follow in them kind of footsteps," Marshman says.
 They are certainly not setting their sights too low.
11 February 2014
Yoho National Park's 505-million-year-old Burgess Shale – home to some of the planet's earliest animals – is one of the world's most important fossil sites. Now, more than a century after its discovery a new Burgess Shale fossil bed, Marble Canyon, has been located 42 kilometres away in Kootenay National Park.
A paper published today in the prestigious scientific journal Nature Communications describes Kootenay National Park's new ‘Marble Canyon' fossil beds for the first time. The authors suggest that the area and its extraordinary fossils will greatly further our understanding of the sudden explosion of animal life during the Cambrian Period.
The find was made in the summer of 2012 by a team from the Royal Ontario Museum (ROM, Jean-Bernard Caron), Pomona College (Robert Gaines), the University of Toronto (Jean-Bernard Caron, Cédric Aria), the University of Saskatchewan (Gabriela Mángano) and Uppsala University (Michael Streng).
“This new discovery is an epic sequel to a research story that began at the turn of the previous century. There is no doubt in my mind that this new material will significantly increase our understanding of early animal evolution,” said Dr. Jean-Bernard Caron, Curator of Invertebrate Paleontology at the ROM, Associate Professor at the University of Toronto and the study's lead author. “The rate at which we are finding animals – many of which are new – is astonishing, and there is a high possibility that we'll eventually find more species here than at the original Yoho National Park site, and potentially more than from anywhere else in the world.”
In a short 15-day field season, the researchers collected thousands of specimens representing more than 50 species, several of which were new to science. Incredibly, many of the species previously known from Yoho are better preserved in Kootenay, retaining very fine, never-before-seen anatomical details that are important for understanding the shape of the animal ‘family tree.'
The new site parallels Yoho in its spectacular richness of arthropods, a group that today represents more than 80% of all living animals, including insects, spiders and lobsters.
Another curious similarity between Marble Canyon and the original discovery is that both sites would still be buried today if not for the dedicated exploratory work of scientists.
In 1909, world-renowned paleontologist Charles Walcott spent a summer exploring Yoho National Park's mountainous topography in search of hidden treasures, only to stumble upon what they would later name the Burgess Shale on the final day of their field season on August 29. Similarly, in 2012, a ROM field expedition led by Caron spent part of their summer in search of the next big paleontological discovery.
“We were already aware of the presence of some Burgess Shale fossils in Kootenay National Park,” said Dr. Robert Gaines, a geologist from Pomona College, who along with Caron and colleagues had spent August 2008 at a much smaller fossil deposit in the park located near Stanley Glacier. “We had a hunch that if we followed the formation along the mountain topography into new areas with the right rock types, maybe, just maybe, we would get lucky – though we never in our wildest dreams thought we'd track down a motherload like this.”
"The new site is clearly a finding of a lifetime. The intriguing part about the discovery is that it parallels in many ways the anecdotes surrounding the original discovery of the Burgess Shale by Charles D. Walcott in 1909. Although no stumbling horse is part of our story, it was one of these amazing and fortunate last minute discoveries. The terrain was rough, the rock exposure poor, and the rocks we had seen all day weren't promising at all" says Michael Streng, researcher at Department of Earth Sciences, Uppsala University
"It was when we discussed if we should go back to camp never to return to this part of the mountains again, that Bob Gaines discovered arthropod remains on a piece of rock lying on the ground. Immediate excitement was in the air. When a hit with the hammer on another piece of rock exposed an arthropod with previously unseen details, we knew we were really on to something. The hunt was on!"
The new fossil site is protected by Parks Canada, with the exact location remaining confidential to protect its integrity. Future visitor opportunities have not been ruled out.
To learn more about the Burgess Shale visit this award-winning website: www.burgess-shale.rom.on.ca
Burgess Shale facts:
• This new finding is the latest in a recent string of Burgess Shale discoveries, including confirmation that Pikaia, found only in Yoho National Park, is the most primitive known vertebrate and therefore the ancestor of all descendant vertebrates, including humans.
• In over 100 years of research, approximately 200 animal species have been identified at the original Burgess Shale discovery in Yoho National Park in over 600 field days. In just 15 days of field collecting, 50 animal species have already been unearthed at the new Kootenay National Park site.
• Some species found at the new Kootenay site are also found in China's famous Chengjiang fossil beds, which are 10 million years older. This contributes to the pool of evidence suggesting that the local and worldwide distribution of Cambrian animals, as well as their longevity, might have been underestimated.
• The original Burgess Shale site in Yoho National Park was recognized in 1980 as one of Canada's first UNESCO World Heritage Sites. Now protected under the larger Rocky Mountain Parks UNESCO World Heritage Site, the Burgess Shale attracts thousands of visitors to Yoho National Park each year for guided hikes to the restricted fossil beds from July to September. Both Parks Canada and the Burgess Shale Geoscience Foundation lead hikes to the fossils.
• All the Burgess Shale fossil specimens in the Marble Canyon area of were collected under a Parks Canada Research and Collection permit and are held in trust for Parks Canada at the Royal Ontario Museum in Toronto.
A new oil field with roughly 300 million tons of oil and 90 billion cubic meters of gas has been discovered in the Astrakhan region of Russia.
“The field's reserves are unprecedented, this discovery confirms the high potential of the Astrakhan region in terms of these major discoveries,” Sergey Donskoy, Russia's Natural Resources Minister said on Wednesday.
The field, called “Velikoe” (The Great) was discovered by the AFB Oil and Gas Company, which will likely seek out larger partners to develop it.
Two likely candidates are Rosneft, Russia's state-owned and largest producer, and Lukoil, the country's second biggest producer.
"According to experts, given the lack of large land deposits, project participation will likely come from all major industry players. The most probable partners are Rosneft and Lukoil, which already have projects in neighboring regions,” Uralsib Capital analyst Aleksey Kokin told mail.ru.
Kokin estimates the deposits could be worth nearly $1 billion.
Rosneft has projects in the neighboring Vanqor oil field, which has a capacity of 140 million tons.
The last major land hydrocarbon deposit discovery was the Vanqor field in 1988, which has over 500 million tons of oil in estimated reserves.
Another Astrakhan region field is Lukoil's Filanovsky field, which has more than 150 million tons of recoverable oil in the Caspian Sea.
In 2012, the company opened the neighboring Tambov field, also located in the Astrakhan oil field, which is the world's fifth largest.
When President Obama ran for reelection, Robert E. Murray, an Ohio coal company owner, said Obama's policies were the “greatest enemy” coal country had ever faced. They organized fundraisers for Republican Mitt Romney, and turned out their workers to protest the Obama campaign in the crucial swing state, which Obama won anyway.
Four years later, Murray is still on a crusade, but this time it's the prospect of a Hillary Clinton presidency that has led them to battle. On Tuesday, they will host a fundraiser for Republican nominee Donald Trump, who dismissed global warming as a hoax promoted by the Chinese government to hurt the U.S. economy. “What I've seen is what I call a political power grab of America's power grid,” Murray told TIME Monday. “Reliable, low-cost energy in this country has been destroyed by Barack Obama. [Clinton] says she'll expand on those policies.”
Executives like Murray, whose company produced six percent of the country's coal in 2014, play a key role in Trump's ability to prove they can compete with Clinton. More than 1,200 people have said they will attend an invitation-only dinner on Tuesday with Trump in Wheeling, West Virginia, Murray told TIME. They would not disclose the fundraiser's price of admission.
A recent study found the coal industry has lost about 50,000 jobs in the five years that include Obama's first term. Murray places much of the blame on the President's “war on coal.” Among other regulations, Obama has increased restrictions on coal-fired power plants emissions. The administration has argued those policies are necessary to combat climate change along with improving air and water quality. Murray has sued — and won — multiple times to stop these rules from taking effect.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
Trump will hold rallies Tuesday in Ohio and Pennsylvania coal country counties they won in the primary. They will use the backdrops of an industrial Pennsylvania coal town and rural branch campus of an Ohio public university to argue that they understand blue-collar workers. Trump handily won Ohio and Pennsylvania coal counties in the primary; their opponents had dropped out by the time West Virginia voted. Murray, 76, wants to make sure Trump wins those counties again in the general.
“Trump has said they understand the overregulation of coal and that we need to keep the coal industry alive in America,” Murray said. No Republican has won the White House without winning Ohio since 1964.
Murray said Clinton would only continue what they call Obama's “outlaw” policies. For their part, the Democratic nominee has said they will invest $30 billion in coal communities to retrain and educate energy workers who lost their jobs. Clinton has also been less direct about use of federal regulations to strangle coal power plants than Obama.
In 2012, Murray laid off employees after Obama was reelected, announcing the layoffs with a prayer. They later rehired some of them. This time around, Murray says their workers are even worse off. In the last year, they told TIME their company laid off three thousand employees as a result of Obama's policies and a declining demand for coal.
“I care about my employees,” Murray said when asked why they are fighting Clinton's candidacy. “This is why we're going through all this to have this event for Mr. Trump.” Their employees, they continued, “just want to work in honor and dignity. This is not the America that I cherish, that Obama has created and that Mrs. Clinton wants to perpetuate.”
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Officials from the Isle of Wight County Sheriff's Office are working with Animal Control Officers to find out who horribly abused an animal found a few weeks ago.
According to WTKR, a dog named Huggies was sexually abused with a broom handle.
They were found running loose on April 29 and brought to the Isle of Wight Animal Shelter.
Huggles was medically screened and seen by a local vet who determined the animal needed serious medical care. The vet was able to spay the dog without any complications.
A few days later, the dog's condition started to decline at a beagle rescue center. They became lethargic and experienced mysterious bleeding.
Vets thought they were experiencing complications from being spayed and treated them for an infection, but the condition only got worse.
During exploratory surgery, they found a 3-3.5 inch plastic end to a broom handle had been inserted into Huggles. The item was removed and the dog is now recovering from the disturbing abuse.
PETA has offered a $5,000 reward for information that leads to the arrest of the person responsible for the heinous act.
PETA Senior Vice President Daphna Nachminovitch released an official statement:
Someone knows the person or persons who sexually abused and tortured this dog with a broom handle, leaving them to suffer in pain for weeks. PETA is offering a reward of up to $5,000 for information leading to the arrest and conviction of whoever is responsible for this dog's suffering and urges anyone with information about this case to come forward immediately before the perpetrator acts again.
Like this: Like Loading...
Paul Joseph Watson & Yihan Dai
Prison Planet
Friday, September 19, 2008
China's state media today reports on the real reason behind the Wall Street meltdown and a subject that the mainstream US media dare not mention – the Federal Reserve's overissuance of currency – which the Chinese say is part of a wider agenda to justify increased control over the global economy.
The Bush administration today announced a plan to use hundreds of billions of dollars of taxpayer money to buy up up bad mortgages and other debts. The process of injecting more fiat money into an already over-inflated system had the desired effect – the Dow Jones shot up 450 points – but the dollar, following a brief jump, began to plummet.
According to numerous Chinese state media news sources today, the Federal Reserve's continued zeal for propping up the market by injecting illusory liquidity is part of an agenda to gain trust and grease the skids for increased government intervention in financial markets.
China Finance , China News and Chaobao Financial News, all state owned media outlets, slammed the Fed for taking action that will only make long term economic conditions worse and devalue the dollar by “creating money that does not exist which leads to the inflation of liquidity,” a policy contrary to China's position as a holder of vast reserves of US dollars.
The analyst quoted by Chaobao Financial News highlighted “that when there is market failure, the paramount purpose of government intervention should be saving the market for the benefit of the people: Relief, Recovery and then Reform,” and that “Protecting the rights of people who are suffering in the housing market and as a result of high oil prices should be treated as a priority.”
The analyst added that by concentrating on saving just a few large financial companies, the Fed is creating wider financial chaos while arousing anger and suspicion by “only protecting and encouraging large companies' wrong doing.”
CEIBS Professor of Economics and Finance Xu Xiaonian told a conference yesterday that “The fundamental source of Wall Street's meltdown is caused by Federal Reserve overissuing currency.” They cautioned that the US government has already exceeded its scope in terms of intervention compared with their usual policy.
Similar sentiments were echoed by economist Zuo Xiaolie, who said that the amount of money injected into the market will have little real impact, but that such measures are a “Narrow minded way that the Federal Reserve uses to diversify the pressure of currency adjustment to other countries, which leads to the devaluation of the dollar, causing imbalance in the global economy.”
“The amount of money that has been put into the market can not fundamentally save the market,” said Xiaolie, adding that the move was merely part of an agenda to “regain the trust and justify future further intervention in the economy.”
On Wednesday, China's official People's Daily newspaper, the voice of the ruling Communist party, said that the US had unleashed economic “weapons of mass destruction” and set off a “financial tsunami” by allowing Wall Street lenders to trade in subprime debts and unstable financial derivatives, according to a Press TV report.
China has previously threatened to liquidate its vast holding of US treasuries, amounting to $1.33 trillion, if Washington imposes trade sanctions to force a yuan revaluation. The Communist power has also repeatedly expressed its anger at the Fed's indifference to the weakening dollar. If China were to dump the dollar it would likely set in motion a chain of events that would lead to a collapse of the greenback.
We know we are in trouble when the Chinese Communist Party sound like bastions of sound money policy and fiscal conservatism in comparison to the Bush administration and the Federal Reserve, who in creating more money out of thin air continue to bail out their friends on Wall Street while the economic future of hundreds of millions of American citizens is sold down the river.
SOURCES
Chaobao Financial News: http://www.usqiaobao.com/zhuanlan/2008-07/24/content_127956.htm
China Finance: http://www.caijing.com.cn/2008-09-18/110013626.html
China News: http://www.fywj.gov.cn/Article.asp?id=3219
Translations provided by Yihan Dai.
You never know what to expect from programmers once boredom starts to muddle with their otherwise highly rational brains.
Last week, one bored coder took to Reddit to show off an dreadfully designed volume control implementation, ironically urging fellow members to one-up their effort and “make the best volume slider.” “Best” meaning “the worst” in this case, of course.
The shitty slider that started it all.
Over the next days, hundreds of coders accepted the challenge and flocked to the popular Programmer Humor subreddit to square off in a heated contest to design the shittiest possible volume slider.
Needless to say, the heaps of entries that followed did not disappoint.
So without further ado, here are some of the most infuriating volume control toggles this bored collective of programmers came up with over the last few days:
Because adjusting the volume is like a game of Snake
Roll the dice
Connect the dots
The wheel of volume
The Super Mario solution
Based on the laws of physics
Curling
For more impractically creative volume control implementations, head to the ProgrammerHumor subreddit or take a peek here.
Got a shitty volume slider idea of your own? Show us your worst down in the comments.
Read next: Samsung's insane 32:9 gaming monitor laughs at your dual monitor setup
Seattle Police Department policy says officers who have been trained to use a Taser must carry it during their shift. But an officer involved in last week's deadly shooting left their Taser in their locker for at least a week.
One of the Seattle police officers who fatally shot Charleena Lyles is under internal investigation for violating department policy by leaving their uncharged Taser in their locker for more than a week leading up to the shooting, the Police Department's civilian watchdog said Saturday.
Officer Jason Anderson, on the force for two years, told investigators after the shooting that they did not carry their Taser during their shift June 18, when the shooting occurred, according to interview transcripts released by Seattle police.
Seconds before the shooting, Anderson said, when Lyles pulled a knife, the other officer, Steven McNew, called out for them to use their Taser on them Anderson replied that they didn't have it, and within seconds, as Lyles began moving toward the two officers, Anderson said, they both shot them
The shooting of Lyles, a 30-year-old African-American mother of four, by two white officers has drawn an outcry from family and others, who say race was a factor.
Anderson said after the shooting that even if they had other less-lethal weapons, they would have shot Lyles because they had lunged at them with a knife and looked as if they were going to try to stab the other officer. Anderson said they feared for their life and had to suck in their stomach and move back to avoid being stabbed.
Anderson said that for the last couple of months they had been considering abandoning the Taser altogether, saying it was taking up too much space on their vest and belt for their slender frame. When the Taser's battery died, they left it in their locker and didn't get it recharged. They said it had been in their locker, uncharged, for one to two weeks.
Seattle police policy says officers who are trained in using Tasers and have been issued one must carry it with them during a shift. Anderson said they told their squadmates about forgoing the Taser, but did not mention telling any superiors.
Pierce Murphy, the civilian head of Seattle's Office of Professional Accountability (OPA), said that after Anderson told detectives in interviews last week they had left the Taser behind, the department referred the case to the OPA for investigation.
Murphy's internal investigation team will look to see if there were good reasons to explain why Anderson didn't have their Taser. They'll give their findings and a recommendation to police Chief Kathleen O'Toole, who could discipline Anderson.
Murphy said the case was unusual and there aren't set guidelines for disciplining officers found to be violating the Taser policy.
“There's no cookbook here,” they said.
“Nothing but their gun”
Lyles had called police to their Northeast Seattle apartment to report a burglary last Sunday. Three children were inside during the shooting, including one who crawled onto Lyles after they were shot in the midsection and fell facedown on the floor, according to the police transcripts.
A day after the shooting, Lyles' sister, Monika Williams, brought up the Taser issue and asked whyofficers couldn't have taken them down without shooting them
“Why couldn't they have Tased her?” Williams said.
Following the release of the transcripts of the officers' interviews, Williams' sentiment was echoed Saturday by another sibling and the president of the Seattle-King County NAACP.
“The Taser would have helped,” said Domico Jones, Lyles' younger brother. “I think any of those (less-lethal) weapons would have saved my sister's life. My family wouldn't be mourning today.”
Gerald Hankerson, the local NAACP president, called the revelation that Anderson did not bring their Taser “astonishing.”
“At the end of the day, this young lady is dead because this officer left their Taser in their locker,” Hankerson said. “He was ill-prepared and irresponsible to deal with the public, and this just shows they would rather go out in the community believing they need nothing but their gun. That speaks volumes about their mentality.”
Hankerson added the officer's claim that they would have used their gun even if they had the Taser isn't supported by the audio recording of the shooting.
“Why would one officer call for a Taser during the incident?” Hankerson said. “That tells you right there the other officer apparently believed or knew less-than-lethal force was the only response that was necessary.”
Taser, baton, pepper spray
The City Council will hold a public hearing on the shooting at 6 p.m. Tuesday in Room 130 of the University of Washington's Kane Hall.
Council members said Saturday they could not comment on the case, citing a new law they passed barring them from making public statements on police investigations until they are complete.
The investigation, including whether Anderson could face any discipline, could run until December.
Murphy said Saturday it was too soon to predict what their office's report might find or if other aspects of the case might bring additional investigations.
The 86-page transcript of detectives' interviews with Anderson and McNew shed more light on the police account of what happened. But it also led to more questions.
For instance, Anderson at one point said they had not received training in how to disarm a person with a knife.
Later in the interview, they said they received training that calls for Taser officers dealing with someone with a knife to drop their Taser and pull out their gun.
Both officers said they have received crisis-intervention training.
Officers must carry at least one nonlethal weapon with them on duty. Anderson said in the interview that they had a baton and pepper spray, while McNew said they had a baton.
The shooting took place in close quarters, near the kitchen and doorway of Lyles' two-bedroom apartment: Both officers said they were within about 5 feet of Lyles, and were not injured. They yelled “get back” before firing their guns.
Anderson noted that when they arrived, they saw an officer warning in their computer because police had reported an earlier incident with Lyles in which they allegedly pulled out scissors and told officers they couldn't leave. Police drew their guns during that June 5 call.
Anderson said that incident prompted them to call for a backup officer before entering the apartment last Sunday, but they didn't think it was necessary to call in an officer with a Taser because Lyles had reported being the victim of burglary.
A lawyer for the Lyles family did not respond to a request for comment Saturday.
Recently, a friend of the blog/Papercutz representative shared an entire box of books with the ladies. We each grabbed a couple and will be submitting our reviews here. Looks like I'm up first!
Sybil the Backpack Fairy: Book 3 Aithor
Michel Rodrigue (Author), Manuela Razzi (Author), Antonello Delana (Illustrator)
Oh man, would you look at how excited everyone is on that cover? 8-year old Smalerie was gunning for this book: flying horses, fairies, hair in all the colors of the rainbow? Yes please! Now if only I could have managed to keep 30-something year old Smalerie out of this.
Quick Summary: Nina has a fairy that lives in their backpack. They have adventures that are fun, but can make things a bit complicated for Nina. It's ok though, because fairies are bitchin' and like to dress like they are off to audition for a magical remake of Flashdance.
The Good Stuff: I have to admit that this is a pretty book to look at. All the characters faces are filled with huge expressions that read well and very clearly. This style also adds to the over all energy of the book, which is extremely high, almost like a sprint at times. Then again, I have a feeling that the abundant use of exclamation points added a lot to that as well.
As a main character, I liked Nina.  They are plucky, brave, and makes attempts to keep their fairy grounded in what rules need to apply in the human world – mostly. As an added bonus, Nina takes boxing lessons, a fact established in one of the earlier books.
The Maybe-Not-As-Good: I feel the need to start this part with a disclaimer. When reviewing a book for kids, I never feel that I should be telling parents what their kids should and shouldn't read. For me, any issues with the book are more talking points for a parent and his/her kids rather than an “avoid this book at all costs.” I might put up some caution tape, but rarely a red flag. My point is, parenting styles are a personal choice, so feel free to disagree. Also, I believe that kids are pretty clever and are often pinpointing a lot of the same issues we are.
For me personally, none of these things I am about to talk about seem like that big of a deal, but like I said, parents and their kids can judge for themselves. But in a world where movie reviews for kids have warnings that adults are seen consuming alcohol, perhaps someone might find this handy.
1) Nina's erratic behavior leads their mom to take them to see a specialist. The joke is that Nina is fine, they are just dealing with a fairy. While this is a good scene for Nina to tell Sybil that all the magic stuff is a source of stress and that happens to a degree, the end result is that Sybil convinces them not to take it too seriously and then makes a bit of a joke about it by turning the pictures the Doctor asked Nina to draw into a Picasso painting. It's normal for kids to be suspicious of Doctor types, but perhaps this isn't the best example out there if a kid really could benefit from the help of a doctor or counselor.
2) Sybil does both Nina's homework and corrects their schoolwork in class. 8 year old Smal said “Hell's yeah!” Adult Smal said “Huh, but how are they going to learn anything without learning what they did wrong?!”
3) Nina fake cusses by using the old “@$!&*” method. Huh, who am I kidding? Old and Young Smalerie found this funny.
4) **Spoiler Alert** At the beginning of this book, Nina's parents are not together. At one point Nina does say that their family isn't how they would like it to be, and that is normal. What I did find odd was that once their father returns, Nina states how great it was to have a “real” family again. I think Nina needs a reminder that all families come in different shapes and sizes…
This book is recommended for 6-11 year olds. That's a pretty big range there, so mileage may vary. I would lean towards the younger set.
Final Tallies:
8 year old Smalerie – 3.5 out of 5 Sparkly Unicorns, something to tide them over until they discover Sailor Moon
30-something year old Smalerie – 3 out of 5 Mehs, cute enough but not for me anymore
Geronimo Stilton: We'll Always have Paris (Vol. 11)
Geronimo Stilton (Author), Lorenzo de Pretto (Illustrator)
Summary: The Pirate Cats have gone back in time with a plan to change the past and make themselves rich and powerful in the future. Scaredy-pants jounalist Geronimo Stilton and their friends are off to Paris to stop them.
The Good Stuff: Um, everything? In fact, I was surprised by how charming I found this book. Geronimo is a great character in that they are dedicated, good, but also not perfect. Geronimo is a worrier and afraid of a lot of things. So they might complain a bit for humor's sake, but that doesn't mean they ever backs down.
The supporting cast, while along with having silly names (what kind of Mom Mouse would name their kid Bugsy Wugsy?), is strong as well. Each character contributes to the investigation in their own way, though some a bit more helpful then others.
The Really Good Stuff: There is an educational element to this comic that I think really adds to the story. Interspersed throughout the story are fact panels which both provide background history of Paris at the time and the building of the Eiffel tower itself. There is a certain kind of mastery involved here since I never felt that the panels took away from the story or caused any unnecessary distractions or breaks. In fact, the trivia that you read even comes up again later in the book as the characters make references to the actions and over all mood of Parisians in the late 19th century.
The Maybe Not-As-Good: My only complaint about this book is that the solution is really simple. I mean, really really simple. Perhaps even a little too easy for the ages 7-11 this book is aimed for. Oddly enough, it didn't stop me from enjoying the book. It's funny how you have a lot less to say about a book that is quite good, but there is very little to find issue with.
Perhaps the only thing a parent might not like is that there is an element of cartoon violence. The lead female Pirate Cat not only states that they mean to kill our mousey heroes, but makes several rather unsuccessful attempts at doing so. These are played off as funny, because the cats can't seem to get anything right anyhow. It reminded me a lot of the old Warner Brothers cartoons with heavy falling objects, but sadly lacking in piano movers and anvils.
Final Tally: Both 8 year old and 30-something Smalerie agree! 4 out of 5 Polly-O String Cheesy Goodness
FTC Full Disclosure: I received free copies of these books from Papercutz. I was not compensated with money or unicorn rides to write this review.
The Catholic hierarchy long ago made a decision to wage war on a series of issues that they consider to be part of a culture of death. These include opposing both abortion and embryonic stem cell research. And increasingly they have become more militant in their approach, resorting to heavy-handed measures to make the orthodox Catholic position the law for all - even though other faiths have differing positions on both issues. The denial of Sacraments has been put into play by reactionaries such as Archbishop Raymond Burke , prefect of the Apostolic Signature and Archbishop Charles Chaput of Denver
And yet as a Catholic I cannot think of one elected official who has been threatened with loss of the sacraments for taking tobacco money.
Take for example former U.S. Senator and current Fox News analyst, Rick Santorum.
As an Opus Dei cooperator Santorum has been a vocal proponent of applying their traditionalist Catholic values to public policy. In the Senate and now on television they inveigh against marriage equality, embryonic stem cell research reproductive rights. They clearly see themselves as the antithesis of liberals who are often derided as being part of "a culture of death."
But Santorum is far from being consistent on the issue of life. Like many other Catholic Right politicians, their concern for the sanctity of life ends when the child leaves the womb.
Besides being a vocal supporter of the 2003 Invasion of Iraq (opposed by then-Pope John Paul II) Santorum took a lot of tobacco industry contributions. In the 2005-06 cycle alone they accepted $22,000 in tobacco political action committee money while over their career in Congress they totaled over $37,000 in campaign contributions.
And the tobacco industry's investment in Santorum paid off handsomely for them. As The American Prospect reported in its February 20, 2006 edition:
Among the Santorum fund's leading donors are political action committees for R.J. Reynolds, Altria, and U.S. Tobacco Corporation. On November 2, 2004, the date that the GOP maintained control of the Congress and the White House, four U.S. tobacco executives gave $10,000 to America's Foundation [America's Foundation is Santorum's political action committee] -- in addition to $6,000 in donations from the firm's PAC that same year. Earlier in October 2004, Santorum had been a key vote in a House-Senate conference committee that killed a provision allowing the Food and Drug Administration to regulate the tobacco industry.
Another prominent Catholic pro-lifer who accepts tobacco campaign contributions is Senator David Vitter (R-LA), they of a recent scandal involving a Washington, D.C. prostitution ring.
The Louisiana Senator has long championed the cultural causes of the Catholic Right including abortion, marriage equality and health care.
They have also taken $4,500 (so far) in tobacco contributions in the 2010 election cycle. But that's just for starters. In the 2003 - 2004 cycle alone then-Representative Vitter accepted $25,500 from tobacco industry political action committees.
And then there is Rep. Bart Stupak (D-MI), the USCCB's favorite Democrat.
Rep. Stupak constantly brandishes their pro-life credentials. During the eight years of George W. Bush's presidency they teamed up with Rep. Dave Weldon (R-FL) to thwart the federal funding and oversight of embryonic stem cell research. Most recently they threatened to sabotage health care reform unless they got their way on severely restricting abortion coverage in the House version of the legislation.
But Rep. Stupak too has a dirty little secret: They take tobacco money.
According to Open Secrets.org during the 2007-2008 election cycle, the Michigan Congressman received $2,000 from US Smokeless Tobacco and $1,000 from Swedish Match North America.
The $2,000 from US Smokeless Tobacco is particularly troubling. As The Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids further reports:
The U.S. Smokeless Tobacco Company (UST) is the biggest smokeless tobacco company in the U.S. and controls two-thirds of the moist snuff tobacco market (with leading premium brands Skoal and Copenhagen).... According to internal company documents, UST developed a strategy for hooking new spit-tobacco users, meaning kids, some time ago. As one document states: New users of smokeless tobacco -- attracted to the product for a variety of reasons -- are most likely to begin with products that are milder tasting, more flavored, and/or easier to control in the mouth. After a period of time, there is a natural progression of product switching to brands that are more full-bodied, less flavored, have more concentrated 'tobacco taste' than the entry brand. Following this strategy, between 1983 to 1984, UST introduced Skoal Bandits and Skoal Long Cut, designed to "graduate" new users from beginner strength to stronger, more potent products. A 1985 internal UST newsletter indicates the company's desire to appeal to youth: "Skoal Bandits is the introductory product, and then we look towards establishing a normal graduation process." In 1993, cherry flavoring was added to UST's Skoal Long Cut, another starter product. A former UST sales representative revealed that "Cherry Skoal is for somebody who likes the taste of candy, if you know what I'm saying." According to UST's 2005 Annual Report, flavored products (that now include flavors such as apple, peach, vanilla, berry blend, and citrus blend) account for more than 11 percent of all moist snuff sales. UST launched "new and improved" Skoal Bandits in August 2006.
The failure to speak out against the tobacco industry is a contradiction that needs to be explained; not just by Rep. Stupak, but by the US Conference of Catholic Bishops more militant members. Let me recap from last week:
According to the The Campaign for Tobacco Free Kids: Deaths & Disease in the USA from Tobacco Use:
*People who die each year from their own cigarette smoking: approx. 400,000 *Adult nonsmokers who die each year from exposure to secondhand smoke: approx. 50,000 Kids under 18 alive today who will ultimately die from smoking (unless smoking rates decline): 6,000,000+
People in the USA who currently suffer from smoking-caused illness: 8.6 million The Harm to Fetuses According to The March of Dimes, both first-hand and second-hand tobacco smoke is hazardous to any fetus: Statistics from the United States are compelling. According to the U.S. Public Health Service, if all pregnant women in this country stopped smoking, there would be an estimated:
11 percent reduction in stillbirths
Archbishops Burke and Chaput, as well as others in the hierarchy, have made the relatively small amounts of money that might go to subsidizing insurance policies that includes abortion coverage -- coverage that most women will never actually use -- a deal-breaker on pending health care legislation. Relatively small amounts of taxpayer funds touching on abortion is their sole reason for threatening to kill health care reform, with all that it means for saving people's lives or abandoning them to medical ruin -- but nothing is said about these politicians' hypocritical relationship to tobacco money.
But as I observed above, I cannot think of one elected official has been threatened with loss of the sacraments for taking tobacco money.
The Catholic Right wants to dictate the consciences, via the law and the coercive power of the state, of all individuals on matters of abortion, stem cell research and marriage equality. And yet will not stand up to a global industry bent on addicting children and adults to products that will kill or damage, and cause extraordinary suffering to large percentages of those who use the product. The silence of the likes of Rep. Stupak apparently comes cheap.
EXCLUSIVE: An auction of screen rights for the PlayStation3 game Heavy Rain is coming to a close. I'm told a deal is near with Unique Features, the film shingle started by Bob Shaye and Michael Lynne after they exited New Line.
Using their own money, Shaye and Lynne posted top bid in an auction held by CAA on behalf of game developers Quantic Dream.
Heavy Rain has sold 1 million units since its release in February. The game's combination of murder, rain and an inherent atmospheric gloom evokes memories of the David Fincher-directed Seven, one of the formative blockbusters at New Line when Shaye and Lynne grew that company into a rival to the majors.
Players hunt the “Origami Killer,” a serial murderer who drowns their victims four days after they are abducted, leaving only a small origami figure and an orchid on the corpse. The game becomes a procedural in which four characters try to solve the crime after another potential victim is kidnapped.
Unique has a first look deal with Warner Bros, but Shaye liked it enough to use their own money and not wait for approval to buy it. A deal should be sealed shortly.
Using Scala.js with React and GraphQL
Scala and Apollo: Better together!
Shadaj Laddad Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 8, 2017
Scala is an excellent language for writing GraphQL apps, especially with the awesome Sangria library for writing GraphQL servers by Oleg Ilyenko. Scala is a powerful language, combining object oriented and functional programming concepts to make writing complex applications easy. The functional programming aspects of Scala are especially helpful when writing GraphQL schemas, allowing you to declare resolvers without any boilerplate.
With Scala.js, you can now use Scala to write client-side apps, by writing Scala code that compiles to JavaScript that runs in your browser. With a straightforward interop layer between Scala and JavaScript, it's easy to use frameworks like React and Angular to create Scala.js apps. And starting today, Apollo joins in the fun with a new library for using Apollo Client with React in Scala: react-apollo-scalajs!
Adding the react-apollo graphql HOC in Scala
As its name suggests, react-apollo-scalajs provides the glue to use Apollo Client with React in your Scala.js app. Beyond providing static typing facades for Apollo Client, react-apollo-scalajs includes layers that allow you to use Apollo Client through idiomatic Scala code. For example, results of queries are returned as Scala Futures and query results can be implicitly converted into fragments they can be viewed as.
Through the excellent apollo-codegen tool, which is currently used for generating static types for Swift, TypeScript, and Flow, you can now generate Scala case classes which represent the responses of GraphQL queries you will be running in your app. With strong query typing, most issues can be caught at compile-time, with react-apollo-scalajs performing extra type checks as you set up React components to receive query results.
A simple example
Download and run the example on GitHub!
To demonstrate how you can use react-apollo-scalajs , let's go through a quick example of putting together an app with queries and mutations targeting a GraphQL server on Apollo Launchpad.
First, set up your project by installing the Scala.js plugin and the necessary library dependencies.
In your project/plugins.sbt add the Scala.js plugin and the Scala.js Bundler plugin (for Webpack-based bundling):
And in your build.sbt specify the Scala version, add NPM and Scala library dependencies, and configure the code generator:
Eventually, the source generators configuration at the end of the file will be moved into an SBT plugin, but for now it is necessary to include this in all projects.
Creating a UI
Before we jump into using GraphQL for loading our data, let's start by setting up a simple React UI to verify that our setup works. Create a file src/main/scala/com/apollographql/scalajs/Main.scala where we'll put the initializer for our application. For using React in Scala, we'll use Slinky, which makes React in Scala look very similar to React in plain JavaScript.
If you run sbt fastOptJS::startWebpackDevServer you should be able to navigate to http://localhost:8080/webpack-dev-server, select the main-bundle and see your app running live!
Adding GraphQL
Now that we have a simple app set up, we can add use GraphQL to load data for it! For this example, we will be running GraphQL queries against the Apollo Launchpad at https://launchpad.graphql.com/1jzxrj179, loading and displaying posts in our app. First, we add the GraphQL query for loading all posts. In src/main/graphql/posts.graphql add the query:
If you run sbt/compile you'll see that the code generator kicks in (make sure you have previously run npm i -g apollo-codegen ) and emits static types for our query to target/scala-2.12/src_managed/main/graphql.scala . We can now use these static types to power our React app!
Wiring GraphQL data into a component through react-apollo-scalajs is just like using Apollo in your JS code. First, we create a component to receive the data from our query. In src/main/scala/com/apollographql/scalajs/PostsView.scala we set up a new component:
And that's it! You now have a React component that's wired to a GraphQL query. The last step is to adjust our application initializer to wrap the application inside an ApolloProvider and configure Apollo Client to run queries against the Launchpad server.
First, at the top of our main method, we initialize Apollo Client:
Then we replace the contents inside ReactDOM.render to render our new component inside an ApolloProvider wrapper.
If you run sbt fastOptJS::startWebpackDevServer again and reload the application page you should see a working GraphQL app, showing “Loading” and then displaying the posts data!
It works!
Dunkin' Donuts is dropping titanium dioxide from its list of ingredients after an environmentalist group urged the chain's parent company to reconsider the use of the potentially toxic coloring agent in certain recipes.
The parent company – Dunkin' Brands – said in a statement last week that it will no longer rely on the whitening agent for the powdered sugar used on popular selling donuts.
Titanium dioxide is often used to make products – such as powdered sugar and toothpaste – appear whiter. Health advocates say its use poses potential problems, however, and have blamed the compound on medical issues including organ damage.
As a result of the decision, advocacy group As You Sow has withdrawn a proposal filed earlier with the company, compelling shareholders to reconsider its use of nanomaterials – including titanium dioxide – Dunkin' Brands said in a statement.
"This is a groundbreaking decision,"responded Danielle Fugere, president and chief counsel of the group. "Dunkin' has demonstrated strong industry leadership by removing this potentially harmful ingredient from its donuts."
As You Sow had cautioned Dunkin' that titanium dioxide is not a “nanoparticle” as defined by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA), and that “insufficient safety information exists regarding these manufactured particles, especially for use in foods.” The group filed a request with Dunkin' in May 2014, asking for an investigation of its nanomaterials usage by November 2015, and said the initiative had been backed by 18.7 percent of the chain's shareholders.
According to the group, preliminary studies have shown that nanomaterials pose DNA and chromosomal damage, organ damage, inflammation, brain damage and genital malformations, among other dangers.
“Engineered nanomaterials are beginning to enter the food supply, despite not being proven safe for consumption. Dunkin' has made a decision to protect its customers and its bottom line by avoiding use of an unproven and potentially harmful ingredient,” said Fugere.
“The ingredient used in our powdered donuts does not meet the definition of ‘nanomaterial' as outlined under FDA guidance,” a Dunkin' Donuts spokesperson explained to The Huffington Post.
“Nevertheless, we began testing alternative formulations for this product in 2014 and we are in the process of rolling out a solution to the system that does not contain titanium dioxide.”
According to The Huffington Post, a representative for Dunkin' added that the chain's "powdered donuts will look the same under the new formulation."
Find the best places to swim over the summer months for over 700 recreational sites throughout Aotearoa. LAWA shows the latest water quality results, and whether these have met recreational water quality guidelines, to help you decide where it is suitable to swim.
Select a site from the list below to find the water quality history, what facilities are available, and helpful information on recreational monitoring in New Zealand.
Our factsheet has detailed information on what the LAWA swim icons mean.
Can I swim here? for the Auckland region is currently unavailable as we're resolving changes to the way recreational water quality data is presented. We're sorry if this causes you any inconvenience - in the meantime you can see predicted swimming water quality information using the Safeswim website.
Rolf Harris trial: Mother and daughter allege entertainer indecently assaulted them at Newcastle hardware store
Updated
A mother and daughter from New South Wales have given evidence at the London trial of Rolf Harris, alleging the entertainer indecently assaulted them in 1991.
One of the women, who gave evidence at the trial via videolink from Australia, said they were around 16 years old when they attended an event featuring Harris at a hardware store in the Newcastle suburb of Hamilton.
They told the court when Harris hugged her, they put their hand down the front of their blouse, grabbing their breast. They said their other hand grabbed them buttock.
"It was very deliberate," the woman, now in their late 30s, told the jury.
"I stepped back and they laughed.
"He (Harris) was old enough to be my grandfather. I have been quite affected by it. It was extremely unacceptable."
The witness said they told their mother that Harris was "very handy" and "a dirty old man".
The woman's mother said Harris rubbed themselves against them when they and their daughter posed for a photograph with them and that they seemed to "home in on" their daughter.
The mother recalled seeing the teenager suddenly pull away from Harris and appear taken aback.
They told the jury their daughter said: "Mum, he's very handy."
The woman said they then had their own run-in with the entertainer.
"He (Harris) got very close behind me, they were close enough to be rubbing against my buttocks," the mother said.
They were old enough to be my grandfather. I have been quite affected by it. It was extremely unacceptable. Witness told Harris trial
"He was rubbing their groin in my buttocks. It was very brief but very forceful."
The woman said they stepped on the artist's foot and, looking Harris in the eye, told them they were a "disgusting creature".
They said Harris's expression changed from a friendly smile to a sneer.
"The switch was almost instantaneous," the witness said.
Harris then allegedly lent into the mother's face and said "she liked it" while looking towards their teenage daughter.
"It was the way they said it that was so disturbing - it was really sinister," they said.
Harris is facing 12 charges of assaulting four girls between the 1960s and 1980s, the youngest of whom was aged just seven or eight at the time of the alleged offence. They deny all the charges.
Women deny they 'jumped on the bandwagon'
The two women gave evidence as bad character witnesses, called by the prosecution to try and build its case that Harris showed a consistent pattern of abuse of girls and young women over a long period of time.
Under cross-examination from defence lawyer Sonia Woodley QC, the daughter denied they had "jumped on the bandwagon" after seeing another Australian woman, Tonya Lee, make allegations against Harris on A Current Affair in May 2013.
The witness said they had seen the way Ms Lee was "hounded by the media" and they did not want anything to do with the matter.
They said they only agreed to give evidence anonymously because they thought if they came forward at the time perhaps others would not have been assaulted.
The court has previously heard from four complainants of Harris.
One woman told the trial Harris touched them inappropriately when they were about seven or eight years old and met them at a community event.
Another alleged victim, a former childhood friend of Harris's daughter, said they began a sexual relationship with them when they were a 13-year-old.
The trial continues.
ABC/AAP
Topics: law-crime-and-justice, sexual-offences, arts-and-entertainment, united-kingdom, nsw, hamilton-2303, newcastle-2300
First posted
University of Alberta paleontologists including PhD student Tetsuto Miyashita, former MSc student Lida Xing and professor Philip Currie have discovered a new species of a long-necked dinosaur from a skeleton found in China. The findings have been published in a new paper in the Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology.
Qijianglong (pronounced "CHI-jyang-lon") is about 15 metres in length and lived about 160 million years ago in the Late Jurassic. The name means "dragon of Qijiang," for its discovery near Qijiang City, close to Chongqing. The fossil site was found by construction workers in 2006, and the digging eventually hit a series of large neck vertebrae stretched out in the ground. Incredibly, the head of the dinosaur was still attached. "It is rare to find a head and neck of a long-necked dinosaur together because the head is so small and easily detached after the animal dies," explains Miyashita.
The new species belongs to a group of dinosaurs called mamenchisaurids, known for their extremely long necks sometimes measuring up to half the length of their bodies. Most sauropods, or long-necked dinosaurs, have necks only about one third the length of their bodies.
Unique among mamenchisaurids, Qijianglong had neck vertebrae that were filled with air, making their necks relatively lightweight despite their enormous size. Interlocking joints between the vertebrae also indicate a surprisingly stiff neck that was much more mobile bending vertically than sideways, similar to a construction crane.
"Qijianglong is a cool animal. If you imagine a big animal that is half-neck, you can see that evolution can do quite extraordinary things." says Miyashita.
Mamenchisaurids are only found in Asia, but the discovery of Qijianglong reveals that there could be as many differences among mamenchisaurids as there are between long-necked dinosaurs from different continents.
"Qijianglong shows that long-necked dinosaurs diversified in unique ways in Asia during Jurassic times--something very special was going on in that continent," says Miyashita. "Nowhere else we can find dinosaurs with longer necks than those in China. The new dinosaur tells us that these extreme species thrived in isolation from the rest of the world."
Miyashita believes that mamenchisaurids evolved into many different forms when other long-necked dinosaurs went extinct in Asia. "It is still a mystery why mamenchisaurids did not migrate to other continents," they say. It is possible that the dinosaurs were once isolated as a result of a large barrier such as a sea, and lost in competition with invading species when the land connection was restored later.
The Qijianglong skeleton is now housed in a local museum in Qijiang. "China is home to the ancient myths of dragons," says Miyashita, "I wonder if the ancient Chinese stumbled upon a skeleton of a long-necked dinosaur like Qijianglong and pictured that mythical creature."
Name Position Criminal charges in Ukraine Maximum penalty if convicted of current charges in Ukraine
V. Yanukovych Former President of Ukraine Charged with abuse of power during mass rallies on Independence Square in Kyiv, causing death or bodily harm (Part 3 of Art. 365 of the Criminal Code Ukraine) accompanied by violence, murder (Part 3 of Art. 27, paras. 1,5,12 Part 2 of Art. 115 of the Criminal Code of Ukraine) Life imprisonment
V. Zakharchenko Former Minister of Internal Affairs of Ukraine Suspected of organization of the murder of two or more persons committed in generally dangerous way, by prior conspiracy (Part 3 of Art. 27, paras. 1,5,12 Part 2 of Art. 115 of the Criminal Code of Ukraine)and abuse of power or authority, accompanied by violence or actions that caused grave consequences (Part 3 of Art. 365 of the Criminal Code of Ukraine) Life imprisonment
V. Pshonka Former General Prosecutor of Ukraine Suspected of abuse of power or offi_x001f_ce, leading to serious consequences (Part 2 of Art. 364 of the Criminal Code of Ukraine) Up to 6 years in prison with confiscation of assets
O. Yakymenko Former Chairman of the Security Service of Ukraine Suspected of organization of abuse of power or o_x001f_ffice, accompanied by violence, use of weapons or special facilities which caused grave consequences (Part 3 of Art. 27, Part 3 of Art. 365 of the Criminal Code of Ukraine) Up to 10 years in prison with confiscation of assets
A. Portnov Former First Deputy Head of Presidential Administration of Ukraine
O. Lukash Former Minister of Justice of Ukraine Suspected of professional negligence (Part 1 of Art. 367 of the Criminal Code of Ukraine) and tampering in work computers, automated systems, computer networks or telecommunications networks, committed repeatedly or by prior conspiracy, or where they caused signifcant damage (Part 2 of Art. 361), abuse of power or position, leading to serious consequences (Part. 2 of Art. 364) and fraud, which led to grave consequences (Part. 2 of Art. 366) Up to 6 years in prison
A. Kliuiev Former Head of Presidential Administration of Ukraine Suspected of abuse of power or office, accompanied by violence, use of weapons or actions which caused grave consequences (Part 3 of Art. 365 of the Criminal Code of Ukraine) notification of suspicion was issued (Part 3 of Article 27, Article 340 of the Criminal Code of Ukraine) Main Investigation Department of the GPO conducted preliminary investigations in criminal proceedings dated 06/03/2014. According to facts of embezzlement of state property on a large scale and laundering (legalization) of such property by former high officials (Part 5 of Art. 191, Part 3 of Art. 209 of the Criminal Code of Ukraine) 09/04/2014 Criminal proceeding registered on the fact of committing of Criminal Offences under Part. 5 of Art. 191 10/04/2014 Criminal proceeding registered 04/09/2014 was merged with other criminal proceeding on the fact of committing of embezzlement of state property on a large scale by former high officials 05/08/2014 the materials of criminal proceeding were allocated from other criminal proceeding on the fact of committing of Criminal Offences under Part. 5 of Art. 191 by A. Kliuiev 12/23/2014 As part of the investigation of criminal proceedings the notification of suspicion was issued for committing crimes under Part 5 of Art. 191, Part 2 of Art. 364, Part 4 of Art. 190 of the Criminal Code of Ukraine Up to 6 years in prison
V. Ratushniak Former Deputy Minister of Internal Affairs, Head of Public Safety Suspected of organization of the murder of two or more persons committed in generally dangerous way, by prior conspiracy (Part 3 of Art. 27, paras. 1,5,12 Part 2 of Art. 115 of the Criminal Code of Ukraine)and abuse of power or authority, accompanied by violence or actions that caused grave consequences (Part 3 of Art. 365 of the Criminal Code of Ukraine) Life imprisonment
O. Yanukovych Son of former President of Ukraine Suspected of organization of intentional tax evasion committed by previous concert by a group of people, or which led to the actual shortfall in budgets or state funds on a large scale (Part 3 of Art. 27, Part 3 of Art. 212 of the Criminal Code of Ukraine) and organization of forgery leading to grave consequences (Part 3 of 27, Part 3 of Art. 212 of the Criminal Code of Ukraine) Up to 5 years in prison
V. Yanukovych (Jr.) Son of former President of Ukraine, MP of Ukraine
A. Pshonka Son of former General Prosecutor of Ukraine, MP of Ukraine
S. Kliuiev Brother of former head of the Presidential Administration of Ukraine, MP of Ukraine
M. Azarov Former Prime Minister of Ukraine Suspected organisation of abuse of power or offi_x001f_ce, accompanied by violence, use of weapons or special facilities which caused grave consequences (Part 3 of Art. 27, Part 3 of Art. 365 of the Criminal Code of Ukraine) Up to 10 years in prison
O. Azarov Son of former Prime Minister of Ukraine, MP of Ukraine
S. Kurchenko Owner of VETEK group of companies
D. Tabachnyk Former Minister of Education and Science of Ukraine
R. Bohatyriova Former Minister of Health of Ukraine
I. Kalinin Former Chairman of the Security Service of Ukraine
S. Arbuzov Former First Vice Prime Minister of Ukraine and acting Prime Minister of Ukraine Suspected of misappropriation, embezzlement, or obtaining another's property through abuse of their official position committed in an especially large scale or by an organized group (Part 5 Art. 191 of the Criminal Code of Ukraine) Up to 12 years in prison with confiscation of assets
M. Dobkin Former Head of Kharkiv Regional State Administration Suspected of violating the territorial integrity of Ukraine, inciting ethnic or religious hatred (Part 2 of Art. 110 of the Criminal Code of Ukraine) and attempting to incite the premeditated murder of two or more people (Part 2, para 1 of Art. 115 of the Criminal Code of Ukraine) Life imprisonment
Y. Ivanyushchenko MP
H. Kernes Mayor of Kharkiv Suspected of organization of illegal imprisonment or kidnapping by prior conspiracy, or in a manner dangerous to life or health of the victim, or where it was accompanied by causing them physical su_x001e_ffering, or with the use of weapons, or carried out in a long time (Part 3 of Art. 27, Part 2 of Art. 146 of the Criminal Code of Ukraine), torture committed repeatedly or by prior conspiracy, or for reasons of race, national or religious intolerance (Part 3 of Art. 27, Part 2 of Art. 127 of the Criminal Code Ukraine) and death threats (Part 1 of Art. 129 of the Criminal Code of Ukraine) Up to 10 years in prison
O. Klymenko Former Minister of income and charges of Ukraine Suspected of abuse of power or offi_x001f_ce, leading to grave consequences (Part 2 of Art. 364 of the Criminal Code of Ukraine) up to 6 years in prison with confi_x001d_scation of assets
B. Kolesnikov Secretary of the Presidium of the Party of Regions, MP of Ukraine, former Deputy Prime Minister of Ukraine and the former Minister of Infrastructure of Ukraine
Y. Kolobov Former Minister of Finance of Ukraine
V. Kozak Former Minister of Infrastructure of Ukraine
M. Prysyazhnyuk Former Minister of Agrarian Policy and Food of Ukraine Suspected of embezzlement on an especially large scale (Part 5 of Art.191 of the Criminal Code of Ukraine) Up to 12 years in prison with confiscation of assets
E. Stavytsky Former Minister of Energy and Coal Industry of Ukraine Suspected of misappropriation, embezzlement, or obtaining of another's property by abuse of o_x001f_ffice committed in an especially large scale or by an organized group (Part 5 of Art. 191 of the Criminal Code of Ukraine) Up to 12 years in prison with confiscation of assets
O. Yefremov Member of the Presidium of the Political Council of the Party of Regions, MP of Ukraine Suspected of abuse of power or offi_x001f_ce, leading to grave consequences (Part 2 of Art. 364 of the Criminal Code of Ukraine) up to 6 years in prison
S. Aksyonov Prime Minister of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea. Since 17 March 2014 - Chairman of the Council of Ministers of Crimea as a part of Russian Federation.
V. Konstantinov Former Chairman of the Parliament of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea
V. Medvedchuk One of the leaders of "Ukrainskyi vybir" organization. It actively advocated closer ties with Russia and federalisation of Ukraine
O. Chaliy Political activist, self-proclaimed Mayor of Sevastopol
M. Malyshev Chair of the Crimea Electoral Commission
V. Medvedev Chair of the Sevastopol Electoral Commission
R.Temirgaliev Former First Deputy Chairman of the Council of Ministers of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea
S.Tsekov Former Chairman of the Committee of the Parliament of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea on culture
Y. Zherebtsov Counsellor of the Speaker of the Parliament of Crimea, one of the leading organizers of the 16 March 2014 “referendum” against Ukraine's territorial integrity
P. Zima Former Head of the Security Service in Sevastopol
D. Berezovskiy Former commander of the Ukrainian Navy swore an oath to the Crimean armed force, thereby breaking their oath.
P. Jarosh Former Acting Head of the Federal Migration Service office for Crimea. Responsible for the systematic and expedited issuance of Russian passports for the residents of Crimea.
O. Kozyura Former head of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Ukraine in Sevastopol
V. Ponomariov Former self-declared mayor of Slaviansk
I. Bezler Self-proclaimed Donbass militia commander, one of the leaders of self-proclaimed militia of Horlivka.
I. Kakidzyanov Self-proclaimed commander of the People's Army of DNR
O. Tsariov Former MP of Ukraine
R. Lyagin CEC Chairman on the "referendum" on the recognition of the sovereignty of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic, the Minister of Labour and Social Policy of the self-proclaimed DNR
O. Malykhin CEC Chairman of the "referendum" on the recognition of the sovereignty of the self-proclaimed "Lugansk People's Republic".
N. Poklonskaya Prosecutor of Crimea as a part of Russian Federation
I. Shevchenko Acting Prosecutor of Sevastopol as a part of Russian Federation
O. Kovatidi Member of the Russian Federation Council from the annexed Autonomous Republic of Crimea.
G. Prokopiv Active leader of the “Luhansk Guard” and a leader of the youth wing.
V. Bolotov Self-proclaimed head of “Luhansk People`s Republic”, retired officer, chair of airborne troop veterans of Luhansk oblast.
A. Purgin Head of the organisation “Donetsk Republic” (forbidden in Ukraine since 2009).
D. Pushylin One of the leaders of the self-proclaimed “Donetsk People`s Republic”,
S. Tsyplakov One of the leaders of the ideologically radical organization “People's Militia of Donbass”.
O.Popov Former Head of Kiev City State Administration
S. Shulyak Former commander of Ukrainian InteriorTroops
V. Koryak Former Head of Kiev directorate of the Ministry of Internal Affairs
V. Sivkovytch Former Deputy Secretary of National Security and Defense of Ukraine
O. Borodai So called ‘Prime Minister of People's Republic of Donetsk'.
O. Khodakovsky Former So called ‘Minister of Security of People's Republic of Donetsk'
O. Kalyussky So called ‘de facto Deputy Prime Minister for Social Affairs of DPR'
O. Khryakov So called ‘Information and Mass Communications Minister of DPR'
V. Nikitin So called ‘Vice Prime Minister of the Council of Ministers of the People' s Republic of Luhansk', (used to be the so called ‘Prime Minister of the People' s Republic of Luhansk', and former spokesperson of the ‘Army of the Southeast')
O. Karyakin So called ‘Supreme Council Chair of the People' s Republic of Luhansk'
Y. Ivakin So called ‘Minister of Internal Affairs of the People' s Republic of Luhansk'
I. Plotnitsky So called ‘Defence Minister of the People' s Republic of Luhansk'
M. Kozitsyn Commander of Cossack forces
O. Mozgovy One of the leaders of armed groups in Eastern Ukraine
V. Anosov Representative of the Union of Cossacks of the Don
V. Apraksimov Representative of the Union of Cossacks of the Don
F. Berezin ‘Deputy Defense Minister of DNR ‘
R. Ilkaev Representative of the Union of Cossacks of the Don
V. Kaurov Chairman of the Union of Orthodox Citizens of Novorossia
V. Musiienko Member of Igor Girkin`s (Strelkov) gang
V. Petrov Representative of the Union of Cossacks of the Don
Y. Protsenko Member of Igor Girkin`s (Strelkov) gang
O. Vasin Member of Igor Girkin`s (Strelkov) gang
S. Zdriliuk One of the militia field commanders
S. Abisov “Minister of Interior” of the annexed “Republic of Crimea.”
P. Gubarev One of the self-described leaders of the so-called "Donetsk People's Republic"
K. Gubareva So-called “Minister of Foreign Affairs” of the “Donetsk People's Republic”
B. Litvinov Chairman of the “Supreme Council” of the so-called “Donetsk People's Republic”
CLOSE With the bevy of hurricanes rumbling through, it's been a tough few weeks for cruise lines operating in the Caribbean. USA TODAY
Evacuees lining a dock on the Dutch side of the island of St. Martin, known as St. Maarten, on Sept. 10. They were able to depart the island on Royal Caribbean's Adventure of the Seas, which made a humanitarian stop. (Photo11: Royal Caribbean International)
It's been a tough few weeks for cruise lines operating in the Caribbean. The one-two punch of hurricanes Irma and Maria already has forced Royal Caribbean, Carnival and several other big players in the region to re-route dozens of sailings, and more itinerary changes are in the works. The storms knocked two of the region's busiest cruise ports — Charlotte Amalie, St. Thomas and Philipsburg, St. Maarten — off cruise schedules for weeks and maybe months. Several other popular cruise destinations including Tortola in the British Virgin Islands also are closed to ships for now.
Still, as big as they were, Irma and Maria only affected a small slice of the vast Caribbean Sea. While they left a trail of destruction across a string of Eastern Caribbean islands, the storms didn't touch the Western Caribbean — home to more than a dozen cruise ports including Cozumel, Mexico; Falmouth, Jamaica; and Harvest Caye, Belize. Nor did they affect Southern Caribbean cruise destinations such as Aruba, Bonaire, Curacao, St. Lucia and Barbados.
Also relatively unaffected were the big ports of The Bahamas, which are among the biggest destinations for cruise ships sailing from Florida.
Which destinations in the Caribbean and The Bahamas are closed to ships for the coming weeks and months? Which remain open? Here, a port-by-port look at the status of significant stops in the region in the wake of Irma and Maria:
► Amber Cove, Dominican Republic. Open .
The Carnival Corp.-operated port along the north coast of the Dominican Republic was relatively unaffected by Irma and Maria. The latter storm on Sept. 21 passed just to the north of Hispaniola — the island the Dominican Republic shares with Haiti. Carnival re-routed several ships that had been scheduled to visit Amber Cove this week to the Western Caribbean. But the re-routings aren't likely to continue for long. On Friday the Dominican Republic's Ministry of Tourism issued a communique that said the port and all others around the country were back open and operating normally.
► Basseterre, St. Kitts. Open .
St. Kitts received a glancing blow from both Irma and Maria but escaped major damage, according to an official communique released Friday that declared the island open for tourism. The statement, sent to media outlets, said an evaluation found no damage from the storm at the Port Zante cruise pier, and St. Kitts welcomed two vessels on Saturday — Carnival Fascination and Royal Caribbean's Adventure of the Seas. Flights to St. Kitts resumed on Sept. 21.
► Belize City, Belize. Open .
Belize City was unaffected by the storms.
► Bridgetown, Barbados. Open .
Barbados was relatively unaffected by the storms and has been receiving cruise ships since shortly after Irma passed to the north.
► Castries, St. Lucia. Open .
St. Lucia was unaffected by the storms.
► Charlotte Amalie, St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands. Closed .
St. Thomas was devastated by Irma and is closed to cruise ships for now. But officials on Tuesday said they were hoping a massive recovery effort currently underway would have the destination ready for vessels to return by late October. Royal Caribbean already has canceled all of its visits to St. Thomas through late October and replaced them with calls at such islands as St. Kitts and Bonaire, and at Labadee, the line's private beach getaway in Haiti. Two other lines, Norwegian and Celebrity, have canceled St. Thomas stops even further out, into November and beyond. Norwegian is replacing St. Thomas visits by its 4,248-passenger Norwegian Escape through the end of the year with calls in the Western Caribbean; Celebrity is shifting its ships to places like St. Kitts.
► Colon, Panama. Open .
Colon was unaffected by the storms.
► Costa Maya, Mexico. Open .
Costa Maya was unaffected by the storms.
► Cozumel, Mexico. Open .
Cozumel was unaffected by the storms.
► Falmouth, Jamaica. Open .
Falmouth was unaffected by the storms.
► Fort-de-France, Martinique. Open .
Martinique experienced some flooding and power outages last week in the wake of Maria, but its port has reopened. Tours and tourist sites are expected to be up and running this week. No cruise ships are scheduled to call in Martinique until the middle of October.
► Frederiksted, St. Croix, U.S. Virgin Islands. Closed .
St. Croix was relatively unaffected by Irma but early reports are that the island suffered significant damage from Maria, which passed by on Sept. 19. Damage assessments are underway. St. Croix isn't normally visited by cruise ships at this time of year. Before Irma, the next scheduled cruise call for the island wasn't set to take place until Nov. 5, when a Celebrity Cruises ship was due to arrive. But in the wake of Irma, several lines had been planning on using St. Croix as a substitute port for nearby St. Thomas and St. Maarten, which were heavily damaged by the storm.
► Freeport, The Bahamas. Open .
Freeport was relatively unaffected by Irma, which passed far to the west, and has been receiving cruise ships for the past three weeks.
► Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands. Open .
Grand Cayman was unaffected by the storms.
► Grand Turk Island, Turks & Caicos. Closed .
Visited mostly by Carnival cruise ships, Grand Turk suffered damage from Irma and has been closed to cruise vessels the past two weeks. It had been expected to reopen soon but suffered another blow on Friday as Maria passed nearby. Carnival replaced its calls in Grand Turk last week with visits to Amber Cove in the Dominican Republic and Freeport in The Bahamas, and it has dropped more calls at Grand Turk planned for this week with a variety of ports.
► St. Georges, Grenada. Open .
Grenada was unaffected by the storms.
► Gustavia, St. Barts. Closed .
St. Barts took a significant hit from Irma on Sept. 6, but a recovery effort is well underway. On Monday, a communique from the island said all neighborhood power lines and water lines had been restored, roadways were clear and the commercial harbor was fully functional. At the time Irma hit, there were no cruise ships scheduled to call at St. Barts until late October. While a few visits that had been on the books for later in the year already have been canceled, officials expect the island to be ready for the first cruise vessel currently scheduled to visit, Crystal Serenity. It's due in on Oct. 30.
► Harvest Caye, Belize. Open .
Harvest Caye was unaffected by the storms.
► Havana, Cuba. Open .
Havana suffered damage from Hurricane Irma, but the Cuban capital's port is back open and cruise lines already have begun returning. Norwegian Cruise Line's Norwegian Sky, which sails to Havana weekly from Miami, resumed calls at the city on Sept. 19, and Royal Caribbean's Empress of the Seas pulled in on Sept. 20. In a post-visit update on Facebook, Royal Caribbean said Havana's terminal, port and transportation were ready for Empress, and all tours ran as scheduled.
► Key West, Fla. Open .
The Florida Keys still is recovering from Irma, and the archipelago officially remains closed to tourists arriving by car. But cruise ships began returning to Key West on Sunday with the arrival of Royal Caribbean's 1,840-passenger Empress of the Seas. Key West was less affected by Irma than areas of the Keys to the east, where the eye of the storm came ashore, and it has opened to ships more quickly than expected. Royal Caribbean originally had canceled all of its visits to Key West through mid-October, but late last week the line put many of the calls back on its schedule. Carnival on Monday also put Key West back on its schedule starting with a Tuesday call by the 2,758-passenger Carnival Victory.
► Kralendijk, Bonaire. Open .
Bonaire was unaffected by the storms.
► La Romana, Dominican Republic. Open .
Located on the Dominican Republic's southern coast, La Romana was relatively unaffected by Irma and Maria. On Friday, the Dominican Republic's Ministry of Tourism issued a communique that said the port and all others around the country were back open and operating normally, and one of Carnival's ships, Carnival Vista, called at La Romana on Tuesday.
► Montego Bay, Jamaica. Open .
Montego Bay was unaffected by the storms.
► Nassau, The Bahamas. Open
Nassau was relatively unaffected by Irma, which passed far to the west and has been receiving cruise ships for the past three weeks.
► Ocho Rios, Jamaica. Open .
Ocho Rios was unaffected by the storms.
► Orenjestad, Aruba. Open .
Aruba was unaffected by the storms.
CLOSE A Royal Caribbean cruise ship made an unscheduled stop in St. Martin on Sept. 10 to deliver supplies and pick up stranded travelers. USA TODAY
► Philipsburg, St. Maarten. Closed .
St. Maarten — the Dutch side of the island of St. Martin — was devastated by Irma and is not expected to reopen to cruise ships for many weeks if not months. Royal Caribbean already has canceled all of its visits to St. Maarten through late October, replacing them with calls at the islands of St. Kitts and St. Croix, and at Labadee, the line's private beach getaway in Haiti. But the cancellations could extend beyond October. Already one small line, Windstar Cruises, has removed St. Maarten from its schedule through March 2018. St. Maarten is one of the most visited cruise ports in the Caribbean, drawing over 1.6 million cruisers a year. Notably, it's a key call for all three of the world's biggest cruise ships — Royal Caribbean's Harmony of the Seas, Allure of the Seas and Oasis of the Seas.
► Progreso, Mexico. Open .
Progreso was unaffected by the storms.
► Puerto Limon, Costa Rica. Open .
Puerto Limon was unaffected by the storms.
► Road Bay, Anguilla. Open .
The port at Road Bay has reopened since Irma passed nearby, but no cruise calls are scheduled at the island until late November.
► Roatan Island, Honduras. Open .
Roatan was unaffected by the storms.
► Roseau, Dominica. Closed .
Dominica was hit hard by Maria late on Sept. 18 through the morning of Sept. 19, with the island's prime minister saying there was "mind-boggling" damage, and it's not expected to reopen to cruise ships for some time. The good news for cruise operators: No ships are scheduled to call at the island until late October.
► Samana, Dominican Republic. Open .
Samana was relatively unaffected by Irma and Maria. On Friday, the Dominican Republic's Ministry of Tourism issued a communique that said the port and all others around the country were back open and operating normally. Even if the port area had suffered damage from the storm, it would have had little impact on cruise schedules as there are no ships set to visit Samana until November.
► San Juan, Puerto Rico. Closed .
The port of San Juan bounced back quickly after Irma passed nearby, but it may take longer to resume its place as a major cruise destination in the wake of Maria. The storm made landfall on Puerto Rico on Sept. 20 as a powerful Category 4 hurricane — the first hurricane of that strength or higher to directly hit the island in 85 years — and reports are of significant damage in many locations. Both of the major lines that operate cruises out of San Juan, Royal Caribbean and Carnival, have canceled this week's sailings out of the city. Carnival also has canceled trips out of San Juan scheduled to start on Oct. 1 and Oct. 8. In addition, three Florida-based ships that were scheduled to visit San Juan this week have been re-routed to other ports.
Carnival said late Friday that its terminal in San Juan sustained extensive damage from Maria that will take weeks to repair.
► Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. Open .
Santo Domingo was relatively unaffected by Irma and Maria. On Friday, the Dominican Republic's Ministry of Tourism issued a communique that said the port and all others around the country were back open and operating normally.
► St. John's, Antigua. Open .
Antigua suffered a glancing blow from Hurricane Irma, which passed to the north along a path that devastated sister island Barbuda. Antigua still is on cruise schedules for the fall, with the next scheduled ship visit set for Oct. 3 — a call by Celebrity Cruises' Celebrity Equinox. The Equinox call originally was set for Sept. 30 but was pushed back as part of a larger shuffling of the ship's schedule due to the closures of St. Thomas, St. Maarten and Tortola.
► Tortola, British Virgin Islands. Closed .
The British Virgin Islands were hard hit by Irma and could be closed to cruise ships for many weeks if not months. Norwegian Cruise Line already has canceled all of its stops at Tortola scheduled for its 4,248-passenger Norwegian Escape through the end of the year, replacing them with calls in the Western Caribbean.
► Willemstad, Curacao. Open .
Curacao was unaffected by the storms.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2yfDNDQ
The list of applicants discloses only the company and contact names — not the full application details. But there are familiar players listed, including 19 of 24 companies that were awarded cultivator licenses earlier this year.
Cresco Labs LLC, which landed a Level 1 cultivator license for a growing factory in Yellow Springs, also applied for a processor license. Likewise, Pure Ohio Wellness LLC, which received a Level 1 grower license for a facility near Springfield, is also vying for a processor license.
Jimmy Gould, chief executive of CannAscend, which applied for a processor license, did not win a cultivator license and has threatened to sue the state and place full legalization of marijuana on the November 2018 ballot.
Processors take raw material from cultivators and turn it into oils, edibles and other items to be sold at dispensaries.
Related: How is marijuana plant oil extracted?
Related: Ohio businesses ready to cash in on pot
The Ohio Department of Commerce can issue up to 40 processor licenses anytime before Sept. 9, 2018. Each applicant had to pay a $10,000 application fee. If they win a license, they'll pay a $90,000 certificate of operation fee and then annual renewal fees of $100,000.
Applications will be scored based on plans for operations, quality, security, finances and business.
Ohio voters rejected a marijuana legalization proposal in November 2015. Lawmakers passed a medical marijuana law in 2016 and regulators have worked for the past year and a half to establish rules, review applications, award licenses and more. The program is supposed to be fully operational by September 2018.
Related: Ohio regulators defend medical marijuana program despite controversy
Related: Controversy, legal threats mar Ohio's medical marijuana launch
This past weekend I ran a Pebble hackathon called Time for Another Round at the University of Ottawa and it was a huge success! We had developers from all over the city join us to work on developing some awesome Pebble hacks. We even had 2 amazing developers drive up from Detroit to join us! Overall there were about 30 people attending the hackathon which amounted to 12 teams.
Timeline
Saturday started off with a presentation by myself teaching the participants how to build 2 simple watchfaces based off of the Pebble examples: Concentricity and Strider. People were really pleased with the presentation and stated that it had really helped them get started! The rest of the day was spent creating apps and turning pop and snacks into code. We had a wonderful Subway lunch provided by Pebble.
The second day we let the developers work on their projects all day. In the afternoon developers had a chance to present their hacks and creations to the panel of judges. We had 2 guest judges join us fom the University of Ottawa: Professor Miguel Garzon and Professor Hussein Al Osman!
Winners
Before I go into detail I must say that I was impressed with all of the participants' creations! There were some really amazing ideas which came to life during this hackathon.
In first place was the team DetroitHackCity with members David and Rob! Their app Happy Hackathon was quite amazing, it made use of the new Health APIs to gamify hackathon fitness. It displayed the users' health data in some beautifully displayed graphs. It also made use of the Timeline functionality to push hackathon notifications to you timeline, such as when food arrives. They were also working on a dashboard where you could track your steps in comparison to the other hackers. Well done DetroitHackCity!
In second place was the team Bus Now with members Abdulwahaab and Filip! Their app Bus Now is the perfect app for any University of Ottawa student looking to catch the next bus in their area. It took the OCTranspo schedule for the nearest bus stop via GPS and displayed it in an easy to navigate menu. This will sure save me freezing my hands off in the middle of the winter when I need to check the bus schedule. Congratulations Bus Now!
In third place was the team Git Gud Sun with Remi and Alex. Git Gud Sun is committed to ensuring that you are up to date with your watched repositories on Github. The app enabled its users to associate their accounts via a Github API key and would retrieve all information about the users' watched repositories. Now you can bring your work everywhere you go, even in the pool where your phone won't survive! Great job Remi and Alex!
I hope to run another Pebble hackathon in the future, I really enjoy organizing these events! Only time will tell when the next hackathon will occur but in the meantime our monthly Pebble Meetups will still be occurring, so if you're in the Ottawa area be sure to come to one (or more)!
Some may remember the 2000's martial arts film Romeo Must Die, featuring action star Jet Li and late R&B singer Aaliyah as star-crossed lovers amidst police corruption and family secrets. In the final scene, after defeating the bad guy in a ring of fire and facing their father in a dramatic confrontation, Li finds Aaliyah outside waiting for them and goes in for a… hug.
For an adaptation based on the greatest love story of all time, the ending was pretty disappointing. Just a hug?! After all, the 1996 adaptation Romeo + Juliet had multiple kiss scenes between Leonardo DiCaprio and Claire Danes, from the make-out scene in the elevator to the famous pool scene, eventually leading to them having sex later in the film. Even more disappointing, however, is learning that the original ending had Li kissing Aaliyah, but was later re-filmed because the scene had been received so poorly by the test audience.
The reason? The audience was reportedly uncomfortable with "seeing an Asian man portrayed in a sexual light.” In other words, the decision wasn't only lousy—it was racially motivated.
Silicon Valley actor Kumail Nanjiani's romantic comedy The Big Sick comes out in theaters today, and has already attracted attention for casting the Pakistani-born Nanjiani, who co-wrote the film with their wife Emily V. Gordon, as the male lead. Nanjiani plays a struggling stand-up comedian, also named Kumail, and meets Emily (Zoe Kazan) at one of their shows. After a one-night stand, the two begin dating—despite the fact that their parents want them to marry a Pakistani Muslim girl—a secret they try to keep on both sides. Based on Nanjiani and Gordon's real-life romance, the story explores themes of family, tradition, and culture.
While Nanjiani told Complex that they didn't intend to make The Big Sick as a political statement, the fact remains that its existence is a breakthrough in the tired, long running narrative of the Asian American guy not getting the girl, particularly if she's outside their race.
POST CONTINUES BELOW
As of late, Hollywood has shown progress in depicting Asian American men in interracial romances, particularly when it comes to television. Master of None, Crazy Ex-Girlfriend, The Walking Dead, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Into the Badlands, Fresh Off the Boat, and the short-lived Selfie—all of these shows have featured Asian American male leads in relationships with actores of a different race.
However, mainstream media has always been reluctant in putting Asian American male actors as romantic leads in film. Following the increase of Chinese immigrants during the Gold Rush, 1800s propaganda—fearful of an Asian ‘invasion'—often depicted Asian men as job stealers, as well as sexual predators to white women. This can be seen in the 1915 film The Cheat, in which actor Sessue Hayakawa plays the wealthy Japanese villain who strikes a deal with an overspending white socialite—a role that made them famous, but also left them typecast as similar roles for most of their Hollywood career.
Then, there were over three decades where depictions of interracial relationships were strictly forbidden. In 1930, seeking to protect the “moral standards” of films, the Hays Code explicitly banned on-screen miscegenation, defined as “sex relationship between the white and black races.” In reality, this applied to other racial minorities. But while actors of different races could no longer be seen acting opposite each other in a romantic context, this did not mean that Asian men were no longer depicted as sexual predators to white women. In the 1933 film The Bitter Tea By General Yen, Nils Asther dons yellowface to portray the role of Chinese warlord General Yen, who kidnaps and attempts to seduce a young white woman living in China.
When the Hays Code began to gradually relax in the sixties, Japanese American actor James Shigeta was able to slip past the Code, playing leading roles opposite white actores in both Crimson Kimono and Bridge Under the Sun. Even so, it seemed that they were still missing opportunities due to their race—Shigeta later recalled an MGM producer who told him, "If you were white, you'd be a hell of a big star."
POST CONTINUES BELOW
Jimmy Shigeta kissing the hand of Carroll Baker in 'Bridge To The Sun' image via Getty
The landmark civil rights case Loving v. Virginia struck down laws prohibiting interracial marriage in 1967, and the Hays Code was replaced with the MPAA ratings system the following year. This new system was not based on the Hays Code's moral values, but based on the content itself. Surely, with interracial marriage legalized and the Hays Code no longer in place, films could now cast Asian American actors opposite actores of different race in a romantic context.
Except not. Just as they did in the pre-Code era, Asian American actors continue to struggle against stereotypes that emasculate them and prevent them from being cast as romantic leads. In films such as Breakfast at Tiffany's and Sixteen Candles, the Asian male character is seen as perpetual foreigner—with their exaggerated accent, social ineptitude, and caricatured appearance—and their attempts at winning over the white female lead are cringe-inducing. Other common stereotypes include: the ‘yellow peril' villain, the unemotional martial artist, the mysterious Orient, and the non-threatening model minority.
Mickey Rooney's yellowface portrayal of Mr. Yunioshi in Breakfast at Tiffany's was offensive, and whitewashing doesn't make things better. When there is the opportunity for an Asian American actor to be cast as a male lead in an interracial romance, white actors have often been cast instead. For instance, Jim Sturgess played the role of MIT blackjack player Jeff Ma in 21 opposite Kate Bosworth, while Jake Gyllenhaal played the titular prince in Prince of Persia opposite Gemma Arterton. Even when whitewashing proves to be bad business, Hollywood still often casts white actors as romantic leads in roles originally imagined as Asian, leaving Asian American actors as supporting roles in these film—at best—or else erased entirely.
POST CONTINUES BELOW
However, there are notable landmarks in fairly recent film history: in the Harold and Kumar trilogy, Kal Penn and John Cho enter into relationships with white and Latina women, respectively. Sung Kang and Gal Gadot's romance in the Fast and Furious franchise was a fan favorite. Outside of the U.S., Dev Patel and Rooney Mara co-starred in Lion, based on the Saroo Brierley memoir.
POST CONTINUES BELOW
Gal Gadot and Sung Kang in 'Fast Five' image via Universal
The Big Sick shakes up the narrative as well. In addition to being a stand-up comedian, Kumail also works as an Uber driver on the side. By taking the Indian cab driver character—often seen but not recognized—and putting them in the spotlight, The Big Sick revitalizes the trope with a wry sense of humor and nuanced emotions. They kiss the girl, and even has one-night stands!
The film further explores interracial relationships from an Asian American perspective; while interracial relationships in the U.S. has seen a huge jump, rarely do we see their struggles and tensions reflected on the big screen. In The Big Sick, there's no clear way to keep everyone, including Kumail himself, happy. So when it all blows up in their face, with their ex-girlfriend in a coma and their parents threatening to cut them out of the family, we can feel and empathize with Kumail's efforts to save both relationships.
“We wanted to show that it was complicated,” Nanjiani told Complex. “My character has struggles and my parents' characters have struggles, and all of their struggles are valid — and sometimes, they're in opposition to each other.”
It was recently reported that Asian Americans spend the most per capita on movie tickets of any demographic in the U.S., and audiences are no longer staying quiet. In the last few years, people have been increasingly vocal about the lack of Asian American men in leading roles. Last year's viral hashtag campaign #StarringJohnCho had Cho's face photoshopped as the lead of famous rom-coms and action movies, including Me Before You and Spectre. Similarly, Asian American actors have also been more outspoken in interviews and social media—and some, like Nanjiani, have even started creating their own content.
“I would say that people are actually starved for different perspectives, and it's such a simple way to make your story feel different,” Nanjiani said. “Like you can have an interesting protagonist, and that will just will reinvigorate whatever staleness there is in the movie.”
They add that the most successful movies of the year are all from very specific points of view, listing Get Out and Wonder Woman as examples, because of their non-traditional protagonists. Independent films in particular have long provided a fresh perspectives to stories, countering stereotypes still prevalent in mainstream media. However, these films often don't receive the same budget or attention that Hollywood blockbusters get. Following the success of Get Out (also about an interracial couple), studio execs should recognize that diversity in Hollywood is profitable.
The Big Sick, which was produced by Judd Apatow, first premiered at Sundance this January. Even before it ended, executives were reportedly climbing out of their seats to gather in the lobby. Amazon Studios eventually landed the distribution rights to The Big Sick for about $12 million—one of the biggest deals in Sundance history.
There are still many untold stories out there, and Nanjiani says that their own experience shouldn't be taken as the totality of the Asian American experience.
“I'll see people see it and be like, ‘but that wasn't my experience'—it wasn't, but hopefully other people will get to tell stories that will be closer to your experience,” they said. “But I think the specificity of the stories contributes to the universal understanding of these things.”
“Here, rain has not fallen for more than a month,” Weerapat Jantaro, chairperson of the Phi Phi Island Tourism Operator Club, said.
The operators are getting ready to buy water from Phuket for Bt250-Bt300 per cubic metre to prevent disruption to their business.
Some 2,500-3,000 visitors arrive on Phi Phi every day, with many staying the night.
Phankham Kittitornkun, chairperson of the Ao Nang Tambon Administration Organisation, said that though the privately owned reservoir on the island still had some water, it would likely dry up by the end of the month.
“So when April arrives, tourism operators on the island will have to order water from Phuket. Besides paying for the water, they will have to pay for transportation, which is even more costly,” they said.
Bottled water on Phi Phi would be a few times more expensive that on the mainland.
The Irrigation Department has warned farmers around the Chao Phraya River basin not to plant a second crop this season.
Large dams across the country are down to 41.28 billion cubic metres of water – 6.24 billion cubic metres lower than last year – and just 17.76 billion cubic metres can be used.
More than 10 million rais of farmland in the Chao Phraya basin are being worked on this arid season despite the plan limiting planted areas to 9.6 million rai.
As of March 12, only 1.91 million cubic metres, or 21 per cent, remained of the water stored for irrigation in the Chao Phraya Basin even though the dry season is expected to drag on for at least another month.
Cosplay -- we're used to seeing it on Halloween, at comic conventions, and of course in the filthiest recesses of the internet. But while most cosplayers are content to just chill at conventions as Stormtrooper #8, some eccentric pioneers are trying to discover new ways to play their cos'es. They're no heroes -- they just dress like them.
8 Lottery Winners In China Accept Their Checks In Costume
In China, lottery winners have to appear in public to accept their giant novelty check. Many are uncomfortable doing so, as most people like to avoid letting every criminal and deadbeat cousin know they're rich as fuck now. This results in some people who show up looking like a poltergeist in an L.L. Bean catalog:
via EgoTV
If you've ever wondered how Cobra Command makes their money.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
But others decide to go a little crazier. After all, money's about to become a non-issue for them. Case in point, one guy showed up as Baymax, the inflatable robot from Disney's Big Hero 6. Either that or he's cosplaying the Michelin Man after losing some weight.
via The Daily Dot
"I am Baymax, your personal healthcare companion. Please don't rob me."
Another lucky winner showed up as Mickey Mouse to collect their cheddar:
Image copyright Facebook Image caption Tarek Naggar was outside a shop with their fiancee when they were shot in the chest
A Scottish man has been shot during a robbery hours before they were due to get married in the Philippines.
Tarek Naggar, 44, was outside a shop in Cebu City when three men demanded they hand over their wallet.
When they refused to give it up, one of the men pulled out a gun and shot them in the chest.
Mr Naggar, who is from Milngavie in East Dunbartonshire, has undergone surgery and remains seriously ill in hospital.
The joiner, who recently had been working in Sweden, was due to get married this weekend to their fiancée Angie, who is from the Philippines.
They were standing outside a convenience store in their home city of Cebu in the early hours of Thursday when a motor scooter with three men clinging to it pulled up.
Their best man Chris McLaughlin, who had flown out bringing their friend a kilt for the wedding, was a short distance away when the attack happened.
Mr McLaughlin, 40, from Bearsden, East Dunbartonshire, said: "I heard a commotion and ran over to see what was happening. A guy pulled a gun out and shot Tarek in the chest. Then they pointed the gun at myself."
They said an ambulance was called but failed to show up and they had to travel to hospital in a rickshaw.
Ricocheted bullet
"Tarek's fiancee was trying to call taxis but there was none stopping. I was on the floor with Tarek. They were conscious. After about 10 minutes or so a guy stopped in a rickshaw," they told BBC Scotland.
Mr Naggar was treated at a nearby emergency room, then transferred to a larger hospital for surgery.
"The surgeon said the bullet went in the right side but ricocheted and travelled over to the left lung. Miraculously it didn't go through their heart, it actually went behind their heart.
"He seems to be recovering well. He's conscious and awake - and has been talking the last couple of days. He's out of the ICU and has been moved to a recovery room."
They said they did not believe Mr Naggar had any health insurance, and the family have already had to make payments for their treatment.
Another friend has begun a crowdfunding appeal to raise money for their medical costs.
When nutrition experts review the same data and come to different conclusions we have to ask why?
Nutrition experts review scientific evidence for different reasons. On the one hand a review might be conducted during the development of healthy eating advice for the general public – this has occurred recently in Australia during the preparation of the new Dietary Guidelines. In the United States and Canada, another reason for reviewing scientific evidence is to apply for a health claim – a government-sanctioned claim for use on food packaging. Such claims are a boon to marketing and are highly sought after. Whatever the motive for a scientific review on a particular topic, the results should be pretty much the same. Evidence is evidence. But it doesn't always turn out that way.
Canadian wholegrain review for a health claim
In July, Health Canada published the results of a systematic literature review of the evidence linking the consumption of wholegrains with protection against coronary heart disease. The results make interesting reading.
When all the good intervention trials were assessed together it was clear that wholegrains lowered total and LDL-cholesterol, which would be expected to lower risk for heart disease. However, on closer inspection it became clear that blood cholesterol was only lowered in those trials of grains that were rich in beta-glucan – a soluble dietary fibre abundant in oats and barley. Health Canada had already accepted a health claim for oat products and cholesterol-lowering but it was obviously not in any mood to broaden its health claim to include all wholegrains.
Cholesterol-lowering caused by grains high in beta-glucan fibre cannot be generalized to other grains, including wheat, the predominant grain consumed in Canada. A whole grain and coronary heart disease health claim would, therefore, be misleading if applied to grains that are not high in beta-glucan fibre.
Ouch! I think that was Health Canada telling the food companies to stop making unproven health claims in their marketing of wholegrain products.
Image: source
Dietary Guidelines review
Although the systematic review of wholegrains and heart disease conducted for the new Dietary Guidelines (page 244) covered the same territory it came to a different conclusion. There was agreement on the cholesterol question:
Almost all the [randomised controlled trials] have been conducted with oats, and there is evidence of beneficial lowering of levels of LDL and total cholesterol, but longer term studies and with other grains are needed.
So far, so good – the two reviews are in line. But then:
Nonetheless there is a strong body of evidence from cohort studies of the protective effect of wholegrain foods in general, which in the studies from the US are primarily wheat-based, and therefore relevant to the Australian diet. Therefore the evidence statement is not restricted to cereal foods high in soluble fibre.
The Canadian view on the same series of studies was:
Only six prospective cohort studies were eligible for inclusion and these were limited by potential bias due to confounding factors and poor applicability to the general population of Canada.
Health Canada's position is conservative. For them, there is a missing piece of the puzzle – a clear mechanism of action by which wholegrain wheat provides protection against coronary heart disease. It is just not clear whether there is a true effect. If there is, we need to know whether the benefit is driven by fibre or some other component of whole wheat. With oats, the mechanism is clear.
Is our advice on wholegrains ‘misleading'?
Where does this leave our Dietary Guidelines' advice to eat ‘mostly wholegrain' cereal foods, which is at least partly based on the premise that these foods are protective against heart disease? If Health Canada's argument is carried through it would suggest that the Dietary Guidelines' embrace of all wholegrains is to some extent ‘misleading'. Perhaps this language is too strong but the local nutrition authorities have certainly made a leap of faith that the Canadians were not prepared to take.
What leads nutritionists to take that leap of faith when the scientific evidence is not quite good enough?
Image: source
The whole foods philosophy
In recent years a whole foods philosophy has crept into the practice of nutrition. This argues that a whole food, such as whole wheat, is a more nutritious option than a food derived from that whole food, such as white flour. In some cases this is undoubtedly true. However, it's also an argument that appeals to something deep in the souls of nutritionists – minimally processed, whole foods must be good for us. It's what nature intended. But as a consequence both subjectivity and objectivity are now shaping our nutrition advice. Let's subject the whole foods philosophy to a little scrutiny.
Take the oats example. If the cholesterol-lowering component is the outer fibre-rich part of oats, wouldn't oat bran be a useful part of a diet for someone at high risk for heart disease? It may not be a whole food but so what? Oat bran may actually be better than whole oats in this instance.
More examples come to mind. Nuts and seeds are good for heart health but so are the vegetable oils derived from them. Oils may not be defined as whole foods by those who make the definitions but the evidence for their benefit is strong. And they are pretty useful around the kitchen too, increasing the likelihood that people will actually consume them.
If recommending whole foods is to be our guiding philosophy, shouldn't nutritionists recommend whole dairy products rather than low fat-dairy foods? As discussed in my last post, this would be hard to justify. Should nutritionists recommend whole meat products, fat and all? I don't think so.
Philosophy or science?
Superficially, the whole foods philosophy is very appealing and it also ties in with a nostalgic desire among sections of the general public for simpler foods and a simpler life in a hectic modern world. The food companies are responding to the same need by applying the words ‘natural' and ‘organic' wherever they can. In this mist of mellowness, marketing and heartfelt beliefs it is worth asking the question of whether nutritionists' professional advice should be guided by a philosophy at all, or guided by their science.
Isn't the role of the scientifically-trained nutritionist to remain clear-headed and provide accurate, objective nutrition advice to those who depend on us? Shouldn't we be saying that ‘natural' has no meaning in nutrition science – it's a marketing term – and that ‘organic' denotes a means of production and is not an indicator of nutritional quality. And on the issue of wholegrains and heart health, the message is that the evidence is encouraging but not convincing. It's okay to say that. You won't be excommunicated.
Nutrition is a science, not a faith.
Heading into the offseason the Cleveland Cavaliers main focus in free agency was simply in retaining their own players. LeBron James, Kevin Love, Tristan Thompson, Matthew Dellavedova, Iman Shumpert, James Jones and JR Smith all had the ability to test the waters and perhaps sign elsewhere. David Griffin and Dan Gilbert did a great job getting the band back together and spared no expense to do so.
Even though the team was capped out, and couldn't be major players in free agency, the team was able to make a few additions. First, Anderson Varejao is back after yet another debilitating injury last season. Second, the team acquired point guard Mo Williams, and small forward Richard Jefferson. These were considered low-risk, low-reward moves. Williams figured to be a ball-handling upgrade over Matthew Dellavedova. Jefferson figured to be a guy who could knock down spot-up threes. Both had serious question marks defensively coming in.
With injuries sidelining Kyrie Irving and Iman Shumpert, the Cavs' bench figured to be tested early on. With Thompson missing the entire exhibition season because of a contract impasse, it seemed like there might be a rough start.
It's only been three games (everything in this article will involve a tiny sample size), but nothing of the sort has actually occurred. Anderson Varejao appears to be laughing in the face of Father Time, Richard Jefferson keeps dunking and making threes, and Matthew Dellavedova has the best +/- in the entire league. Opponents are shooting 5/26 when Tristan Thompson is the closest defender, and just 3/17 when opponents are within 10 feet of the basket. It's been surreal.
In 39 minutes sharing the court together, Dellavedova, Jefferson and Thompson are outscoring opponents by 55.6 points per 100 possessions. I mean, that's insane. They are simply feasting on second units. Delly handed out 10 assists without turning it over once against the Heat, and they look stronger and more comfortable dribbling the ball. He's assisted on five of Thompson's baskets, reprising the unlikely pick and roll dynamic duo.
Delly and Jefferson play with a high basketball IQ, and the ball has moved at an incredible rate with these two on the court. If coach David Blatt continues to stagger the minutes of LeBron James and Kevin Love, it seems fair to assume that the Cavs can scrounge enough firepower to maintain a successful offense against second units.
If the defense of the bench units is going to continue, Thompson will have to continue their excellent play. What he's doing right now isn't sustainable, but there are some things they can build on. No one in the league is protecting the rim as well as they are so far, and they just aren't that good. But stuff like this sure is fun.
But they have also seen a huge uptick in defensive rebounding, and that is something they should be able to continue. He's always been an average defensive rebounder with lackluster technique. So far this season, he's boxing out on a level we haven't seen yet in their career. According to basketball-reference.com, Thompson's career defensive rebounding rate is 20.6%. This year? That number is all the way up at 31.9%. A sustained jump of even a few defensive percentage points would be a big step towards earning their big payday.
It will be curious to see what happens to the minutes distribution when Irving and Shumpert return. These guys are earning their time on the court, and it's unlikely the Cavs would maintain an 11 or 12 man rotation. Best not get ahead of ourselves. This might not be all that sustainable, and other players could always go down. Right now though, it looks like the Cavs might end up having the best kind of problem. Too many good players, and not enough minutes.
All stats courtesy of nba.com/stats unless otherwise noted.
On Friday August 26th beginning at noon Local Option will host its third Catalina Wine Mixer Beer Event and Guitar Shred of 2016. The draft list will feature rare and highly sought after drafts from Goose Island, Hoppin' Frog, Jolly Pumpkin, Three Floyds and Pipeworks. The guitar shred portion of the event will commence at 11pm.
Draft List:
18th Street Sinister
Alesmith Hammerhead Speedway
Almanac Dynamo Donut Barrel Noir
Almanac Honey Lavender de Brettaville
Amager Hr. Fredriksen Barrel Blend 2013
Amager/Jester King Danish Metal
BFM Abbaye de Saint Bon-Chien 2014
Dark Horse Crooked Theratree
Dark Horse Smells Like a Safety
Dieu du Ciel Péché Mortel
Founders Pale Nitro
Goose Island BCBS Regal Rye 2015
Half Acre Vallejo
Hoppin' Frog/Cigar City Daredevils Got Game
Jolly Pumpkin/Anchorage Matame Ahorita
Local Option Bierwerker Kentucky Common
Local Option Bierwerker Outlawger
Local Option Bierwerker Scorched Tundra VI
Local Option Bierwerker Sky Burial
Local Option/Central Waters De Kleine Dood
Pipeworks Holloway
Pipeworks Just Drink it Dummy!
Pipeworks Lil Citra
Pipeworks Mango Guppy
Pipeworks Raspberry Berliner
Pipeworks Sure Bet
Prairie Bomb!
Struise Black Albert
Surly Todd the Axeman
Three Floyds War Mullet
Three Floyds Zombie Dust
The guitar shred contest begins at 11pm. Contestants will are asked to bring their own guitars. We will provide amplification. The winner will be decided based on crowd participation. If you think that you have what it takes to compete with the Catalina Wine Mixer legends e-mail us at (666 at LocalOptionbier dot com) or sign up at the bar.
Bar and Kitchen Open: Noon
Guitar Shred Contest: 11pm
Prizes:
1st Place: $200 Gift Certificate from Chicago Music Exchange
2nd Place: One Pair of Tickets to Both Days of Scorched Tundra Metal Festival (9/2-9/3 at The Empty Bottle)
3rd Place: Vintage Scorched Tundra T-Shirt
Links:
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/events/1674838076172632/
Beer Advocate: https://www.beeradvocate.com/events/info/80943/
Ratebeer: http://www.ratebeer.com/event/49112/
BeerMenus: https://www.beermenus.com/events/22757-catalina-wine-mixer
As Rubyists migrate from Ruby 1.8 to Ruby 1.9, new Ruby implementations are gaining in maturity. Recently, IBM's Antonio Cangiano wrote an interesting article comparing the performance between Ruby 1.8, 1.9 and IronRuby on Windows which surprised quite a lot of people. Unfortunately, IronRuby isn't very well known in the Rails community yet. Here is an interview with Jimmy Schementi, lead developer for IronRuby, to help give you a little insight.
Matt: Hi Jimmy, thank you very much for taking the time to answer our questions. Could you please introduce yourself?
Jimmy: Thanks for sending me questions; it's great to see the ever-increasing interest in IronRuby! I live in Seattle and work at Microsoft on a small team making an open-source implementation of Ruby called "IronRuby". I personally split my efforts between making the IronRuby codebase better, integrating IronRuby with .NET-related technologies like Silverlight or ASP.NET MVC, getting our monthly binary releases are in order, discussing IronRuby with the community, and making sure Microsoft's management knows how awesome Ruby is. But I'm definitely not alone on the core team. John Lam fueled the interest of a .NET-Ruby implementation with the RubyCLR project, and started the IronRuby project. Tomas Matousek is the brains behind the IronRuby compiler, and gets credit for all the compiler code and the recent performance gains. Jim Deville is the man keeping IronRuby working with tons of tests and a fantastic test infrastructure. Shri Borde is our manager, and they spend their non-managing time fixing the libraries and hosting the infamous Thanks for sending me questions; it's great to see the ever-increasing interest in IronRuby! I live in Seattle and work at Microsoft on a small team making an open-source implementation of Ruby called "IronRuby". I personally split my efforts between making the IronRuby codebase better, integrating IronRuby with .NET-related technologies like Silverlight or ASP.NET MVC, getting our monthly binary releases are in order, discussing IronRuby with the community, and making sure Microsoft's management knows how awesome Ruby is. But I'm definitely not alone on the core team. John Lam fueled the interest of a .NET-Ruby implementation with the RubyCLR project, and started the IronRuby project. Tomas Matousek is the brains behind the IronRuby compiler, and gets credit for all the compiler code and the recent performance gains. Jim Deville is the man keeping IronRuby working with tons of tests and a fantastic test infrastructure. Shri Borde is our manager, and they spend their non-managing time fixing the libraries and hosting the infamous "IronRuby pair-programming" sessions . And of course all the IronRuby contributors over the past two years have been an enormous help.
Matt: As a follow up on a recent blog post, could you tell us know how you learned Ruby and maybe give some advice or an important point not to miss for people wanting to learn Ruby?
Jimmy: I heard about Ruby from my Computer Science professor/advisor Gary Pollice, who taught all the programming language classes at Worcester Polytechnic Institute. I was searching for an expressive programming language for making games, and Ruby was a perfect fit. A couple years later I worked for the same university building a computer-tutoring system called Assistment, where myself and a couple of other people fed up with the Java codebase ported it to Ruby on Rails. It was a success, and I heard about Ruby from my Computer Science professor/advisor Gary Pollice, who taught all the programming language classes at Worcester Polytechnic Institute. I was searching for an expressive programming language for making games, and Ruby was a perfect fit. A couple years later I worked for the same university building a computer-tutoring system called Assistment, where myself and a couple of other people fed up with the Java codebase ported it to Ruby on Rails. It was a success, and http://assistment.org is now a Rails system. That's where I really learned everything about Ruby and became extremely interested in how Ruby worked. I learned the most from Ruby when I had a substantial Ruby project to work on, since I got to see its expressiveness making me more productive on a large scale. I'd still suggest trying to learn Ruby on small things here and there, but you'll really be amazed if you use it for something larger.
Matt: IronRuby certainly looks very interesting, can you run Rails on it?
Jimmy: Yes, at RailsConf 2009 I showed IronRuby running non-trivial Rails applications. IronRuby can run Rails on WEBrick, as well as on the web-server that comes with Windows, IIS. For the database you can use SQLServer Express (which is free), or any .NET based database, like the recent Yes, at RailsConf 2009 I showed IronRuby running non-trivial Rails applications. IronRuby can run Rails on WEBrick, as well as on the web-server that comes with Windows, IIS. For the database you can use SQLServer Express (which is free), or any .NET based database, like the recent csharp-sqlite port . Here's a detailed post the IronRuby on Rails talk at RailsConf 2009: http://blog.jimmy.schementi.com/2009/05/ironruby-at-railsconf-2009.html
Matt: Are there any limitations that our readers should be aware of before starting to develop on IronRuby?
Jimmy: The main limitation is that IronRuby does not support any of the C-based Ruby libraries, and only after 1.0 will we consider building an interop layer between the Ruby C API and IronRuby. In the meantime, people have been porting their favorite C-based Ruby libraries over to C# so it can be used from IronRuby, like The main limitation is that IronRuby does not support any of the C-based Ruby libraries, and only after 1.0 will we consider building an interop layer between the Ruby C API and IronRuby. In the meantime, people have been porting their favorite C-based Ruby libraries over to C# so it can be used from IronRuby, like Hpricot . While this seems like a large limitation, most of the C-based libraries Ruby code depends on have an equivalent API in the .NET framework, which IronRuby has direct integration with, making either using directly or porting really easy. For example, the Rails app I showed at RailsConf did image resizing directly with the System.Windows.Drawing APIs rather than ImageMagick. If your code does not depend on anything outside of the Ruby standard library that is C-based, you should have no problems. Take a look at the documentation for running Rails on IronRuby to make sure things go smoothly: http://ironruby.net/Documentation/Rails
Matt: What are the pros/cons of using IronRuby versus the standard Ruby (Ruby1.8 or Ruby1.9) on Windows?
Jimmy: IronRuby is a very fast Ruby interpreter/compiler due to our own tricks we pull to make Ruby fast, the tricks the DLR does to make dynamic languages fast, and the CLR's just-in-time compiler which generates very efficient code. We're definitely aiming to be the fastest Ruby implementation on Windows. The most recent performance work we did was only in the core libraries ("Array", "Hash", etc), and that helped IronRuby surpass Ruby 1.8.6 on Windows and gets much closer to Ruby 1.9.1. IronRuby is continuing to investigate ways of gaining performance in each release. IronRuby is also a very 1.8.6 compliant Ruby implementation. There is a "-19" flag for any 1.9 specific features you might need, and a "-20" flag for any Ruby 2.0 features we might have in there, but there are no guarantees on those; we only test the 1.8.6 behavior today. We pass ~85% of the RubySpec test suite, the best test suite for Ruby implementations to verify their correctness. However, the numbers I'm more concerned with are whether specific Ruby libraries' test-suites work. We pass Rails, RubyGems, Rake, and RSpec's test suites at well over 90%, and fix compatibility issues when asked about them, so please let us know if your applications run into any compatibility problems. Other than the limitations that I mentioned in the previous question, you should have no problems. I love people to try running their Rails applications on the latest IronRuby bits hosted on GitHub, and please report any issues you find on IronRuby is a very fast Ruby interpreter/compiler due to our own tricks we pull to make Ruby fast, the tricks the DLR does to make dynamic languages fast, and the CLR's just-in-time compiler which generates very efficient code. We're definitely aiming to be the fastest Ruby implementation on Windows. The most recent performance work we did was only in the core libraries ("Array", "Hash", etc), and that helped IronRuby surpass Ruby 1.8.6 on Windows and gets much closer to Ruby 1.9.1. IronRuby is continuing to investigate ways of gaining performance in each release. IronRuby is also a very 1.8.6 compliant Ruby implementation. There is a "-19" flag for any 1.9 specific features you might need, and a "-20" flag for any Ruby 2.0 features we might have in there, but there are no guarantees on those; we only test the 1.8.6 behavior today. We pass ~85% of the RubySpec test suite, the best test suite for Ruby implementations to verify their correctness. However, the numbers I'm more concerned with are whether specific Ruby libraries' test-suites work. We pass Rails, RubyGems, Rake, and RSpec's test suites at well over 90%, and fix compatibility issues when asked about them, so please let us know if your applications run into any compatibility problems. Other than the limitations that I mentioned in the previous question, you should have no problems. I love people to try running their Rails applications on the latest IronRuby bits hosted on GitHub, and please report any issues you find on http://ironruby.codeplex.com
Matt: Are they any extra advantages to use IronRuby?
Jimmy: The most notable advantage is that IronRuby works in Silverlight, a subset of the .NET framework which installs as a browser plugin in Mozilla-based browsers (eg. Firefox on Mac and Windows), Webkit-based browsers (eg. Safari on Windows), and IE (on Windows, duh). The Mono project is implementing an open-source version of Silverlight called "Moonlight" so Linux developers can run Silverlight applications, which I talked about at The most notable advantage is that IronRuby works in Silverlight, a subset of the .NET framework which installs as a browser plugin in Mozilla-based browsers (eg. Firefox on Mac and Windows), Webkit-based browsers (eg. Safari on Windows), and IE (on Windows, duh). The Mono project is implementing an open-source version of Silverlight called "Moonlight" so Linux developers can run Silverlight applications, which I talked about at OSCON 2009 . This enables you to write Ruby in the browser instead of JavaScript, for controlling HTML or vector graphics. The best place for documentation/examples today is on the Gestalt website , a little portal designed to bring awareness to Ruby and Python in Silverlight: http://visitmix.com/labs/gestalt. The IronRuby website is in flux at the moment, but clearer documentation is on its way. I also built a little Ruby on Rails plugin called "Silverline" to make it really easy to use Silverlight from Rails. Worth checking out if you want to use Ruby as a client scripting language. IronRuby has direct integration with the .NET framework, so anything that is in, or run on, the .NET framework can be used directly from IronRuby. .NET namespaces are exposed as Ruby modules, .NET classes as Ruby classes, and you can call methods on them just like you call Ruby methods. This makes it really easy to build pieces of your system in a static language (if it makes sense to use, like for a high-performance message queue, game engine, etc) and then interact with it through Ruby.
Matt: Why is Microsoft interested in a Ruby project? What advantage do they find in sponsoring such a project?
Jimmy: I see it as a "you scratch my back, I'll scratch yours" situation. Microsoft sponsoring IronRuby helps the Ruby community by making Ruby a first-class language on Windows and .NET, also giving the .NET crowd the choice of using Ruby, and in return the IronRuby project helps promote innovation in the languages that drive Visual Studio purchases (C#, VB.NET, and F#). As a kind-of related side-note: some people feel it's a bad thing that there are so many implementations of Ruby, kind of like MRI is so bad that others had to fix it, but I completely disagree. IronRuby, JRuby, MacRuby, and most of the other implementations accomplish the same thing for their respective communities; building a bridge between Ruby developers and themselves. Rather than needing to recreate MRI, most have been inspired by it and wanted to bring the language to their platform. It's a great thing for the Ruby community because it gives access to more platforms, operating systems, and libraries than any other language. Anyway, back to the question: as an example of how IronRuby has helped language innovation, the next version of C# will now have a "dynamic" keyword, indicating that the variable statically-typed as "dynamic" (=P) should perform dynamic dispatch on any method calls, rather than verify the method call at compile-time. This infrastructure uses the Dynamic Language Runtime directly, so C# can use Ruby objects just like they were defined in C#, or any other dynamic-enabled object.
Matt: How will IronRuby make Rails developer lives easier and what are the plans for the future of IronRuby?
Jimmy: My hope is that IronRuby can benefit existing Rails developers by making Windows a great option to develop and deploy on. By building a Rack adapter specifically for IronRuby and IIS (like I showed at RailsConf), Rails applications can tie directly into the same web-server pipeline that ASP.NET does, significantly reducing the overhead deploying via IIS+FCGI gives you today. This makes deploying Rails applications on IIS just like deploying ASP.NET apps, so system administrators don't have to learn a whole new framework; to them it's just ASP.NET. Then any existing ASP.NET shops who want to offer Rails applications to their customers can, with the same infrastructure and deployment know-how. This is bringing choice to the technologies you choose to deploy on Windows, just like how Microsoft has helped make PHP run well on IIS. The only definite future plans for IronRuby is continued pushing on performance on compatibility, as well as continue supporting the latest version of Silverlight and Mono. 1.0 will be released when the community is happy with the state of those metrics, and future work should be driven by what IronRuby users want. If you start using IronRuby and want a feature either by 1.0 or post 1.0, please post the request to the mailing list or to CodePlex. We have tons of hopes and dreams for what IronRuby can do in the future, so please come help out!
Matt: Is there anything you would like to add or share with the readers?
Karen Attiah is The Washington Post's Opinions deputy digital editor.
By Karen Attiah | The Washington Post
If there is one media narrative about Africa that refuses to be quashed, it's the White-Savior-in-Africa bug. Even though some of the world's fastest-growing economies are in Africa, and Africans on the continent and in the diaspora are perfectly capable of telling their own stories and transforming their own societies, the white savior framework lives, like some prehistoric literary insect that has managed to survive the ages without having to evolve. And just when you think the world has made at least some progress in beginning to exterminate this trend, a big, fat, multi-legged WhiteSaviorInAfricaStory crawls into the mediasphere.
Louise Linton, an actor and producer, just may have written the defining work of the White-Savior-in-Africa genre for the digital age. Linton's piece, "How My Dream Gap Year in Africa Turned Into a Nightmare," published in Britain's Telegraph newspaper, follows the venerable tradition of Joseph Conrad's "Heart of Darkness" -- Africa seen through the lens of white or foreign central characters. This tradition includes recent films such as "Machine Gun Preacher," ill-advised public relations campaigns such as Kony2012, which position Western "awareness" as the solution to African warlords, and basically everything New York Times columnist Nicholas Kristof writes about war-torn countries.
Linton describes experiences as an 18-year-old student traveling to Zambia in 1999 and claims they didn't know that war was raging in Congo. If "How Not to Write About Africa" were an Olympic floor gymnastics event, Linton's piece would be a strong contender for a gold medal because they deploy, with maximum flourish, just about every lazy trope there is when it comes to writing about Africa.
-- Make up for being light on research or knowledge about Africa by being heavy with good intentions.
"With a cheery smile, I'd waved goodbye to Dad and jumped on a plane to Africa without researching anything about its tumultuous political history or realising that my destination -- Lake Tanganyika -- was just miles from war-torn Congo."
Good intentions allow for one to view Africa as one dark blob of violence, poverty, jungle bush and disease instead of a continent of 54 countries, each with a unique history and cultures.
-- Include references to war, poverty, animals or disease (bonus points for all four in one story).
"But I soon learned that Africa is rife with hidden danger. I witnessed random acts of violence, contracted malaria and had close encounters with lions, elephants, crocodiles and snakes. As monsoon season came and went, the Hutu-Tutsi conflict in neighbouring Congo began to escalate and then spill over into Zambia with repercussions all along the lake. Thousands of people were displaced and we heard brutal tales of rape and murder."
Remind people that everything in Africa can and will, if given the chance, kill you.
-- Whiteness must be centered in stories about Africa. At all times.
"As the night ticked interminably by, I tried not to think what the rebels would do to the 'skinny white muzungu with long angel hair' if they found me. Clenching my jaw to stop my teeth chattering, I squeezed my eyes shut and reminded myself how I'd come to be a central character in this horror story."
Linton manages to imply that they were somehow more at risk for African violence because of their whiteness while reminding the audience that with their blond "angel hair," they are literally heaven-sent to Africa and the central character in the story, not the Zambians.
-- Include references to African orphans (bonus points for photos with said orphans).
"I was still struggling with the loss of my mother and found special comfort in my bond with Zimba, a 6-year-old orphan girl with HIV who called me "Ru-eese."
-- In the end, Africa must serve to remind Westerners to be happy about their own lives even when they feel down.
"I know that the skinny white girl once so incongruous in Africa still lives on inside me. Even in this world where I'm supposed to belong, I still sometimes feel out of place.
Whenever that happens, though, I try to remember a smiling gap-toothed child with HIV whose greatest joy was to sit on my lap and drink from a bottle of Coca-Cola."
Linton really stuck the landing in their last paragraph. They also get bonus points for narcissistically assuming that Zimba's mere contact with them was the greatest joy the child had ever known.
Linton's story is so riddled with Africa cliches, many wondered whether it was a parody. The popular Instagram account BarbieSavior even took inspiration from Linton. Many Africans as well as writers and journalists took to the Internet to swiftly condemn the piece and the Telegraph's editorial decision-making process using LintonLies. (Linton has since sent a series of tweets apologizing for the offense their article caused and deleted their account.)
Africans all over the continent and in the diaspora are helping their own communities and telling their own stories. It was local groups in Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone, not Western savior intervention, that were instrumental in combating Ebola during the 2014 scourge. Skip the gap-year accounts from wealthy foreigners in favor of Nicole
Amarteifio's hit Web series "An African City," which documents stories of love, fashion and friendship in Accra, Ghana. Read Nigerian authors such as Okey Ndibe, Teju Cole and Chimamanda Adichie, who offer fascinating perspectives set in their home country.
The erasure of the voices and experiences of Africans in stories about Africa, and the constant positioning in media narratives of Africans as background props for do-gooder Westerners, creates fertile ground for lazy thinking, writing and policymaking about Africa. It is dehumanizing, racist -- and plain boring.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
Most of the 8,601 UFO sightings reviewed by Winnipeg-based Ufology Research had two witnesses, involved a white object -- even triangles were much more common than your stereotypical saucer or cigar shape -- and lasted an average of 17 minutes.
The reasons ranged from thousands of sightings of star-like lights manoeuvring oddly in the night sky, to hundreds of sightings of "fireballs" in the sky, to one where dozens of people saw a huge, lantern-shaped object flying slowly over a lake in the Yukon.
The truth is out there, people. Whether or not it includes spaceships and aliens is still up for debate, but according to a 20-year longitudinal study of Canadian UFO reports released Tuesday, nearly 15,000 of us have had reason to suspect we are not alone.
Hey there, time traveller! This article was published 11/8/2009 (3486 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
Hey there, time traveller!
This article was published 11/8/2009 (3486 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
Flying saucers are so passé. Fireballs, now they're hot.
The truth is out there, people. Whether or not it includes spaceships and aliens is still up for debate, but according to a 20-year longitudinal study of Canadian UFO reports released Tuesday, nearly 15,000 of us have had reason to suspect we are not alone.
The reasons ranged from thousands of sightings of star-like lights manoeuvring oddly in the night sky, to hundreds of sightings of "fireballs" in the sky, to one where dozens of people saw a huge, lantern-shaped object flying slowly over a lake in the Yukon.
Most of the 8,601 UFO sightings reviewed by Winnipeg-based Ufology Research had two witnesses, involved a white object — even triangles were much more common than your stereotypical saucer or cigar shape — and lasted an average of 17 minutes.
And we're not just talking about folks who just stumbled out of a bar or those who like to wear tin foil hats here: Reports were filed by witnesses with government and military agencies, police, civilian UFO groups and online UFO websites, says the study's co-author. And report they did. The number of UFO sightings has increased from 141 (in 1989) to more than 1,000 per year.
"It's a persistent phenomenon," says Winnipeg ufologist Chris Rutkowski, who co-authored the study with Geoff Dittman. "People are witnessing something in the sky. Whether it's aliens or not is a matter for further study, but there's a small but significant percentage (of sightings) every year that we simply can't explain."
Out of those 8,500-plus UFO cases, only about 14 per cent were labelled as unexplained after review by investigators. And less than four per cent were classified as "close encounters" — meaning someone claimed to have seen something (or some being) up close.
But Rutkowski, who has degrees in astronomy and education and describes themselves as an "open-minded skeptic," says even if one report proves to be valid, it'll be a very important scientific discovery. After the United States Air Force ended its Project Blue Book study of 12,000 UFO cases in 1969 and concluded that UFOs were not a threat to national security, many people assumed the "fad" had passed, they said.
"Here we are 40 years later and not only is the phenomenon not going away, the numbers are increasing. This is hard scientific data and there isn't a comparable study anywhere," said Rutkowski, who presented the 20-year study to UFO researchers, many of whom are scientists, across North America during the recent Mutual UFO Network in Dallas, Texas. "But we're no closer to the truth, in some ways."
Rutkowski currently receives around six UFO reports each week. The most recent and noteworthy, they say, came last Friday from six people who reported seeing a large orange light moving along the shoreline of Dauphin Lake, 15 kilometres east of Dauphin.
"It stopped and then moved away from them. They said it 'moved at a speed we've never seen a plane move at,' and there was no sound at all," Rutkowski recalled.
To view the study, check the web at www.tinyurl.com/canadaUFO.
carolin.vesely@freepress.mb.ca
LAFAYETTE, IN — Adolescents' use of alcohol, not cannabis, typically precedes teens' use of other illicit substances, according to data published in the Journal of School Health.
Investigators from the Franciscan St. Elizabeth Health Center in Lafayette and the University of Florida at Gainesville analyzed government survey data regarding high school seniors' use of licit and illicit substances. They reported: “[A]lcohol represented the ‘gateway' drug, leading to the use of tobacco, marijuana, and other illicit substances. Moreover, students who used alcohol exhibited a significantly greater likelihood of using both licit and illicit drugs.”
Authors concluded, “The findings from this investigation support that alcohol should receive primary attention in school-based substance abuse prevention programming, as the use of other substances could be impacted by delaying or preventing alcohol use.”
FBI Admits It's Not Really About Law Enforcement Any More; Ignores Lots Of Crimes To Focus On Creating Fake Terror Plots
from the how-is-that-making-us-safer? dept
Between 2001 and 2009, the FBI doubled the amount of agents dedicated to counterterrorism, according to a 2010 Inspector's General report. That period coincided with a steady decline in the overall number of criminal cases investigated nationally and a steep decline in the number of white-collar crime investigations. "Violent crime, property crime and white-collar crime: All those things had reductions in the number of people available to investigate them," former FBI agent Brad Garrett told Foreign Policy. "Are there cases they missed? Probably."
The reductions in white-collar crime investigations became obvious. Back in 2000, the FBI sent prosecutors 10,000 cases. That fell to a paltry 3,500 cases by 2005. "Had the FBI continued investigating financial crimes at the same rate as it had before the terror attacks, about 2,000 more white-collar criminals would be behind bars," the report concluded. As a result, the agency fielded criticism for failing to crack down on financial crimes ahead of the Great Recession and losing sight of real-estate fraud ahead of the 2008 subprime mortgage crisis.
A couple years ago, it was revealed that the FBI noted in one of its "counterterrorism training manuals" that FBI agents could "bend or suspend the law and impinge upon the freedoms of others," which seemed kind of odd for a government agency who claimed its "primary function" was "law enforcement." You'd think that playing by the rules would be kind of important. However, as John Hudson at Foreign Policy has noted, at some point last summer, the FBI quietly changed its fact sheet , so that it no longer says that "law enforcement" is its primary function, replacing it with "national security."Of course, I thought we already had a "national security" agency -- known as the "National Security Agency." Of course, while this may seem like a minor change, as the article notes, it is the reality behind the scenes. The FBI massively beefed up resources focused on "counterterrorism" and... then let all sorts of other crimes slide. Including crimes much more likely to impact Americans, like financial/white collar fraud.The article correctly notes that this has had a big impact:The article accurately notes how the FBI has basically started ignoring a tremendous amount of financial/white collar crime, but unfortunately never bothers to do the flipside: to look at whether or not the FBI has been even remotely effective in the whole "national security" aspect that is now its "primary function." Because, from the evidence we've seen, it seems like a disaster. Rather than tracking down and capturing actual terrorists (remember how the FBI knew all about the Boston bombers, but did nothing about them?), it seems like the FBI has been coming up with ways to keep itself busy that have nothing to do with really protecting national security.So... what has the FBI been doing? Well, every time we hearabout the FBI and counterterrorism, it seems to be a case where the FBI has been spending a ton of resources to concoct completely made up terrorism plots, duping some hapless, totally unconnected person into taking part in this "plot" then arresting them with big bogus headlines about how they "stopped" a terrorist plot that wouldn't have even existed if the FBI hadn't set it up in the first place. And this is not something that the FBI has just done a couple times. It's happened over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over again . And those are just the stories that we wrote about that I can find in a quick search. I'm pretty sure there are a bunch more stories that we wrote about, let alone that have happened.All of these efforts to stop their own damn "plots" screams of an agency that feels it needs to "do something" when there's really nothing to be done. Thousands of agents were reassigned from stopping real criminals to "counterterrorism" and when they found there were basically no terrorists around, they just started making their own in order to feel like they were doing something... and to have headlines to appease people upstairs. The government seems to have gone collectively insane when it comes to anything related to "terrorism."
Filed Under: fake plots, fbi, fud, law enforcement, national security, nsa, own plots, terrorism
david ross
2016-08-19 19:20:22 -0400
In part; “You grow as a nation by turning those losers into winners, not by building a wall and forcing people to deal with the losers as is”
Trump will build a wall to stop illegal migrants who are a burden on the economy.
“His policies are useless…”; So,
Useless to stop a flood of illegal immigration ?
Useless to stop jihadists and those who want to kill us from immigrating to North America?
Useless to stop manufactures from leaving the US that create jobs in foreign countries so we can buy back those manufactured products helping out foreign economies at the expense of our own?
Useless to get tough on crime and get rid of sanctuary cities that harbour illegal immigrants who are murderers and rapists?
Useless to only let those people immigrate who love American values and culture not Sharia Law because it subjugates and abuses women and condones the killing of infidels ?( that means you if you are not Muslim)
Useless to let parents choose where they want to send their children to school?
Useless to wipe out ISIS once and for all?
Useless to treat minorities and Blacks with respect and equality?
Useless to focus on inner cities to help them be prosperous rather than exploit them for votes? ( Hillery all over this one)
Useless to lower everyones taxes as a result of making trade deals more equitable and better for American workers?
Useless to protect the 2nd amendment that gives citizens the right to defend themselves against murderers, rapists and muggers who use guns and knives?
Just because they want to renegotiate the worst trade deal in NA history ( NAFTA ) and wants to flush the devastating TPP doesn't mean they don't believe in free trade.
They just wants the US to make their own trade deals with other countries. Not some unknown , tyrannical ,unelected elitist, sitting on their fat ass in Brussels behind a big shiny oak desk drawing a 6-figure perverted salary that nobody in North America can even identify.
And by the way, America became great before NAFTA . It was only after NAFTA that the US economy started an its inevitable slide into the toilet. Get the correlation?
commented
Next Tales Of Artwork Almost Has A Final Fantasy Feel To It [Update: Teaser Video]
By Spencer . May 21, 2012 . 1:59am
Famitsu shared concept art for the Next Tales of project, which will be unveiled on June 2nd during the Tales Festival. Series producer Hideo Baba said the upcoming Tales game is a mothership title and will have a more modern style.
They aren't kidding. The Next Tales of title has giant cities and futuristic trains. The visual design almost feels like Final Fantasy or Lost Odyssey instead of a traditional anime inspired Tales game. Baba says the Next Tales of game will still play like other games in the series.
"Are you prepared to destroy the world for the sake of a girl," Baba says is a key phrase for the game's story and gameplay systems.
Ordinary Morality Presupposes Atheism, not God!
I was listening today to The Reasonable Doubts podcast and I had a really interesting discussion that made reference to a fantastic paper written on morality. This paper concludes that morality and theism are juxtaposed to the point that if theism pervades, then morality is incoherent. Morality, it seems, presupposes atheism. This is interesting because so many apologists claim the exact opposite. The paper is by philosopher Stephen Maitzen and is titled “ORDINARY MORALITY IMPLIES ATHEISM“.
So, let us look at the principles of what they say. Firstly, they set out a principle which they call theodical individualism:
(TI) Necessarily, God permits undeserved, involuntary human suffering only if such suffering ultimately produces a net benefit for the sufferer.
This has a qualifier of undeserved “in order to satisfy retributivists who think people sometimes deserve to suffer; if you think people never deserve to suffer, simply ignore the qualifier.” This is a position which seeks to sum up the consensus of both theistic and anti-theistic philosophers when dealing with the problem of evil, such that Eleanore Stump declares:
“if a good God allows evil, it can only be because the evil in question produces a benefit for the sufferer and one that God could not produce without the suffering.”
I can't overemphasise how important a statement that is. It is what defines the notion of God being a moral consequentialist as set out in my essay and post, “God is a consequentialist”.
Matizen sets out another principle, declaring that the compensation of an afterlife, or similar, does not justify suffering. This is a truly critical notion that many theists overlook, since it is often offered as a viable theodicy. This should not qualify as a theodicy for the reasons that follow:
Like Stump's use of it, TI's use of the word “produces” is significant, because otherwise we allow that God's mere compensation of the sufferer—say, in a blissful afterlife—can justify God's permission of suffering even if the suffering bears no necessary connection to the good that compensates for it. Without such a connection, the good may compensate for the suffering but can't morally justify God's permission of it. Consider an analogy to our ordinary moral practice. My paying you money after harming you may compensate for my harming you, but it doesn't justify my harming you. Only something like the necessity of my harming you in order to prevent your harming me or an innocent third party has a chance of justifying my behavior: some necessary connection must hold between the harm and the benefit.
In talking about how this TI statement, ordinary morality and theism cannot exist coherently side by side, Maitzen claims that theists recognise this and drop one of the “triad”, namely TI. But, Maitzen claims, they show no good reason for doing this, since it appears that ordinary morality and TI seem fairly fundamental, conceptually, and that theism is the weak link.
What it boils down to is that God is using people, sufferers, instrumentally – as a means to an end. And the problem with this is that this is morally debatable, at least in the context of morality that theists seem to want to adhere to. It is entirely utilitarian in its approach – people are a means to an end.
Here is how Maitzen starts to set out their argument for atheism from morality:
(1) If God exists and TI is true, then, necessarily, all undeserved, involuntary human suffering ultimately produces a net benefit for the sufferer. (2) If, necessarily, all undeserved, involuntary human suffering ultimately produces a net benefit for the sufferer, then (a) we never have a moral obligation to prevent undeserved, involuntary human suffering or (b) our moral obligation to prevent undeserved, involuntary human suffering derives entirely from God's commands
We use vaccines in this way – to stop unnecessary suffering. But since suffering seems to be a command from God, who are we to get in the way of this?
As Jordan puts it, the antecedent of (2) in effect “guarantees the operation of a kind of fail-safe device that renders every instance of [undeserved, involuntary] human suffering an instrumental good for that sufferer.” We know that some vaccines can cause serious side-effects, but suppose that an abundantly available vaccine were, despite the painfulness of receiving it, known to produce a net benefit (the painfulness included) for everyone who receives it. Suppose, further, that no less painful procedure produces the same benefit. Under those circumstances, how could we ever have a moral obligation to prevent vaccination? I can't see how we could.
As Maitzen posits, “we never have an obligation to prevent it unless God's commands somehow give us such a duty”. This is because if we do not help people who can be helped, then they are going to suffer unnecessarily. But God can only allow such suffering, being omni, if it leads to a greater good. This is God's failsafe. Thus there will always be a greater good to the suffering. But if we decide to step in and help, for example to vaccinate a child, we are stopping that greater good from taking place, as it is necessarily must if we didn't help. Maitzen analogises:
Consider the case (alluded to earlier) of David Rothenberg, the six-year-old boy set on fire by their abusive father. If God exists and TI is true, then necessarily David ultimately benefits whenever God allows them to experience undeserved, involuntary suffering of such an intense kind. Thus, even if we could easily prevent their suffering, our allowing it is always like allowing them a vaccination known to be for their own net good. Granted, it may be that God wants us to prevent the suffering, but if we fail to prevent it David will be better off as a result. I don't say that TI and theism give us either permission or an obligation to cause their undeserved, involuntary suffering—although a case can be made for that stronger claim—only that TI and theism relieve of us of any obligation to prevent it.
Maitzen continues by talking about morality in cross-cultural contexts which does not rely on, or presuppose, God's existence. In other words, we sometimes stop unnecessary suffering in the absence of (or in spite of) God's divine commands to do so.
(3) We sometimes have a moral obligation to prevent undeserved, involuntary human suffering, an obligation that does not derive entirely from God's commands. Two subconclusions follow from the three premises just established: (4) So: It isn't the case that, necessarily, all undeserved, involuntary human suffering ultimately produces a net benefit for the sufferer. [From (2), (3)] (5) So: God does not exist or TI is false. [From (1), (4)]
As mentioned, theists such as Jeff Jordan (Jeff Jordan, “Divine Love and Human Suffering,” International Journal for Philosophy of Religion 56 (2004): 169–78; 172, 177 nn. 13, 23), whom Maitzen is targeting here, concede that TI follows from a Kantian view of ethics which states that humans cannot be merely used as a means to an end. If you are being used, in your suffering, as a means to an end, a greater good, then God is defying such Kantian ethical imperatives. As Maitzen observes:
If God causes or even permits your unwilling, undeserved suffering primarily for the benefit of someone or something else, it does look as if God is, at least indirectly, treating you merely as a means. Despite the presence of the word “benefit” in TI, the basis for TI is deontological rather than consequentialist: TI serves as an absolute constraint on God's maximization of goodness or happiness. I don't claim that ordinary morality itself implies theological principles such as TI. Ordinary morality, as the name suggests, concerns our dealings with fellow creatures rather than our dealings with God. Nevertheless, I'm arguing that TI is true even if not itself a tenet if ordinary morality and that TI and theism jointly destroy a type of obligation that does belong to ordinary morality.
As Jordan themselves agrees:
If Theodical Individualism is correct, then … there is [an] outweighing good for the sufferer. The goodness of God requires, moreover, that this outweighing good isn't only compensatory, but is also a “necessary means or the best possible means in the circumstances to keep the sufferer from incurring even greater harm.” God permits that suffering, in those circumstances, because that suffering provides the optimal benefit, in those particular circumstances, to the human sufferer.
Maitzen analogises to continue, then, their argument:
Suppose that God allows Jack to endure undeserved, prolonged, and unbearable pain because it's the only way to get Jack's crush, Jill, who has consistently ignored their affections, freely to send Jack a get-well card that he'll read just before they die from their painful condition. Jack secures some benefit from the suffering—a freely sent get-well card from Jill—but suppose that their suffering is involuntary in that they wouldn't regard the benefit as remotely worth the suffering even if they knew that not even God could produce the benefit any other way. Surely God's conduct in that case falls short of moral perfection. It falls short even if we also suppose that Jack's suffering produces significant benefits for others obtainable no other way (perhaps news of their suffering triggers generous donations that their hospital wouldn't otherwise have received). It falls short of moral perfection because it's unfair to Jack, and this demand for fairness in the treatment of individual persons is what underwrites the Kantian claim. Jack gets some reward, but not enough: not enough because their reward fails, by any reasonable measure, to offset their undeserved, involuntary suffering. The Kantian claim, in short, does imply TI, including TI's requirement of a net benefit for the sufferer: (6) If not even God may treat human beings merely as means, then TI is true.
What Maitzen looks to do, then, is show that their argument “presumes that a perfect being would never sacrifice an innocent person who didn't volunteer for it”.
It seems that when humans use other humans as means to an end, we fall short of moral perfection, so it can be claimed. As God appears to be doing this too, then God must fall short of moral perfection.
(7) Not even God may treat human beings merely as means. It remains, then, only to draw the argument's final two inferences: (8) So: TI is true. [From (6), (7)] (9) So: God does not exist. [From (5), (8)]
For Maitzen's treatment of objections and other more detailed analysis, see their paper, here.
Normally, Bachelor In Paradise is the flirty, fun spinoff to The Bachelor and The Bachelorette, which invites popular contestants from both shows back for a second chance at finding nationally-televised love. Currently, however, the fate of BiP is up in the air after "allegations of misconduct" were reported on set, effectively halting production of this season. While nothing is confirmed, sources claimed to TMZ that a non-consensual drunken sexual encounter between DeMario and Corinne allegedly took place — and fans of The Bachelor are already holding Corinne's past activity on the show against them (Sources close to DeMario claimed to TMZ that the two did hook up, but nothing in their statements indicated that they thought it was anything other than consensual. Corinne and DeMario have not returned Bustle's request for comment.)
Update: In a video posted by TMZ, Jackson says "no comment" in response to numerous questions about the alleged incident. Asked if he's upset about reports alleging that Olympios claims they did not give consent, Jackson responded, ""No, no. I'm all good."
Update #2: On Wednesday, June 14, Corinne Olympios' rep released a statement about the Bachelor In Paradise allegations to Bustle:
“I am a victim and have spent the last week trying to make sense of what happened on June 4. Although I have little memory of that night, something bad obviously took place, which I understand is why production on the show has now been suspended and a producer on the show has filed a complaint against the production. As a woman, this is my worst nightmare and it has now become my reality. As I pursue the details and facts surrounding that night and the immediate days after, I have retained a group of professionals to ensure that what happened on June 4 comes to light and I can continue my life, including hiring an attorney to obtain justice and seeking therapy to begin dealing with the physical and emotional trauma stemming from that evening.”
Update #3: On the evening of Wednesday, June 14, Jackson released a statement about Olympios' allegations to E! News:
"It's unfortunate that my character and family name has been assassinated this past week with false claims and malicious allegations. I will be taking swift and appropriate legal action until my name is cleared and, per the advice of legal counsel, will be seeking all available remedies entitled to me under the laws."
Update #4: On June 20, an ABC spokesperson provided the following statement to Bustle:
“We appreciate the swift and complete investigation by Warner Bros. into allegations of misconduct on the set of ‘Bachelor in Paradise.' Given their results, the series will resume production, and will air this summer on ABC.”
Warner Bros.' statement to Bustle read,
"As we previously stated, we recently became aware of allegations regarding an incident on the set of Bachelor in Paradise in Mexico. We take all such allegations seriously. The safety, security and well-being of the cast and crew is our number one concern, and we suspended filming so that the allegations could be investigated immediately and thoroughly. Our internal investigation, conducted with the assistance of an outside law firm, has now been completed. Out of respect for the privacy interests of those involved, we do not intend to release the videotape of the incident. We can say, however, that the tape does not support any charge of misconduct by a cast member. Nor does the tape show, contrary to many press reports, that the safety of any cast member was ever in jeopardy. Production on this season of Bachelor in Paradise will be resuming, and we plan to implement certain changes to the show's policies and procedures to enhance and further ensure the safety and security of all participants.”
Update #5: On Tuesday, Corinne Olympios' lawyer Martin Singer released a statement to Bustle that read,
“It needs to be made crystal clear that production of 'Bachelor in Paradise' was shut down because of multiple complaints received from 'BIP' producers and crew members on the set. It was not shut down due to any complaint filed by Corinne against anyone. It comes as no surprise that Warner Bros., as a result of its own internal Investigation, would state that no wrong doing had occurred. Our own investigation will continue based on multiple new witnesses coming forward revealing what they saw and heard.”
Earlier: In a statement to Bustle, Warner Brothers, the show's production company, said this:
"We have become aware of allegations of misconduct on the set of Bachelor in Paradise in Mexico. We have suspended production and we are conducting a thorough investigation of these allegations. Once the investigation is complete, we will take appropriate responsive action."
It's not clear exactly what happened as neither party allegedly involved has spoken directly and the investigation is ongoing, but the claims from anonymous sources allege that something sexual occurred between DeMario, who was recently dropped from Rachel's season of The Bachelorette, and a female contestant; according to two sources at People Magazine, the female contestant involved in this encounter may have been too drunk to give consent. TMZ suggests that this contestant was Corinne from Nick Viall's season of The Bachelor.
On social media, some frustrated fans have taken to blaming Corinne for the production shutdown, citing their sexual history and “attention seeking acts” to dismiss the notion that they could have been assaulted. “Didn't Corrine take their top off on Nicks season??” one Facebook user on the Bachelor Fans On Bustle page said. “The [sic] also said their vagina was platinum??? So why bring them back bc apparently they use their body to get what they want.”
It's entirely possible that only producers of the show will ever know what happened that night. However, it's now more important than ever to stress that a person's sexual history should never, ever factor into any discussions of whether or not they are the victim of sexual assault. Corinne may have been presented in a sexually promiscuous manner during their season of The Bachelor, but if they were truly taken advantage of by a fellow BiP guest while too drunk to consent, they still deserve respect regardless.
For victims of sexual assault, this tendency towards victim-blaming often has real-world ramifications. According to the Rape, Abuse & Incest National Network (RAINN), an average of 321,500 U.S. residents over the the age of 12 are the victims of rape and sexual assault each year, but only about one out of three rapes are reported to the police. Another study from University of Texas at Austin, found that of the 129 female college students who were sexual assault survivors, 62 percent blamed themselves for their own sexual assaults — which could also be contributing to the lack of reporting.
Again, what happened between Corinne and DeMario while filming Bachelor In Paradise is still not completely confirmed. But if you've already assumed it's Corinne's fault because they publicly celebrate their own sexual prowess, then I would urge you to sit down and really examine why your first instinct is to blame a woman for their own assault. Odds are, that impulse is not coming from a good place.
Odd Day is coming Friday, 11/13/15. Three consecutive odd numbers make up the date only six times in a century. 11/13/15 marks the end of this parade of Odd Days which began with 1/3/5. The previous stretch of dates like this started with 1/3/1905---13 months after the Wright Brothers' flight. (note: our friends in the rest of the world celebrated their final day two years ago)
We've established a contest and are offering the date in dollars ($1,113.15) to be shared by the winners. Prizes will be distributed to those who involve the most people in the Oddest Parade of Odd Characters, write the best Odd Ode, or create the best Odd Celebrations. The total number of winners?---oddly enough is 11+13+15---so join the fun and earn a (small) prize, with huge bragging rights!
Our favorite creative artist, who breathes joy into stick figures, has a Facebook page for a virtual event---all are invited---bring your friends!!
Things to do on Odd Day: It's a great day to do your odds 'n ends, give a friend a high-five, root for the odds-on-favorite, read the Wizard of Odds, watch the Odd Couple, say aaaahd in the doctor's office, look for sea odders, find that missing odd sock, and beat the odds.
Odd Days are the unsung numerical peace-keepers---if it wasn't for odd numbers, all the even numbers would bump into each other!
These days are like calendar comets---you wait and wait and wait for them, then they brighten up your day---and poof---they're gone!
The simplest way to celebrate Odd Day?---just share it with a friend. Greet them with the news of the day (they'll be awed)---and they, in turn, can tell another. It's kind of like a secret that you can't help sharing. A little math, a little smile, a little fun---that's Odd Day!
Odd Birthdays---if you didn't get one this year, Odds are you'll get an Odd Birthday next year. (and you probably had one last year too!)
And why don't we celebrate even day? That's easy---it's one thing to encourage folks to do something odd for fun. But it's very different to urge them to get even with someone.
An Odd Ode:
Want Revenue From Used Games? Just Have GameStop Buy DLC Codes For The Customer
from the that's-one-way dept
We all know that many game companies are really upset about being locked out of the used games revenue stream. Warner happens to be one of those companies. With the release of Batman: Arkham City, Warner is giving a free code to new game buyers that lets the gamer play as Catwoman during the game. If you buy the game used, you will need to buy a new code to access Catwoman. That is if you buy it used anywhere other than GameStop. According to a memo sent to Kotaku , Warner and GameStop have partnered up to give free codes to buyers of used copies of Batman. Granted, GameStop is most likely paying for these codes for the customer and is most likely getting them at a discounted rate. This happens to be a great deal for both companies and even some customers. Warner gets the satisfaction of capturing used game revenue with a reduced risk of customers deciding not to buy the redemption code. GameStop gets a leg up on the competition which don't have the same deal. Finally, customers of GameStop don't have to shell out the extra cash to play as Catwoman.This is an interesting move on Warner's part. GameStop is the poster child for the evils of used games, according to many games industry veterans. However, even the toughest critic of GameStop's policies recognizes the power this one brand has over the game consumer, thus the deal. If GameStop is willing to make such a deal with Warner, would they be willing to do the same with other companies such as EA or Ubisoft?Of course, there are additional ramifications to consider. How will this affect the relationship with other game stores, both in and outside the US, which don't have the same leveraging power? Will those smaller stores be coerced into deals that are not as sweet for them and their customers? Regardless of the ramifications, it is nice to see a company actually be proactive about capturing used games revenue rather than just complain and punish players. Why can't more companies act this way?
Filed Under: batman, catwoman, used games
Companies: ea, gamestop, ubisoft, warner
RPG players and GMs frequently like to have miniatures of some sort on the table top to help represent characters, creatures, other odds and ends. Right now there are 3 prevalent options you can use and mix to represent your game on the table top.
Pawns
Pawns are generally thick cardboard with double-sided images of monsters and characters on them, they generally set into a black round base. Alternatively this category can include printed images that use an assortment of basing methods.
Pros:
Price : For a standard box you can get 250 models for roughly $45, meaning each it's the cheapest option, next to possible printing at home.
: For a standard box you can get 250 models for roughly $45, meaning each it's the cheapest option, next to possible printing at home. Storage : Whether it's in the package they came in, your household tupper ware or binder of some sort flat pawns and their bases take up relatively little space.
: Whether it's in the package they came in, your household tupper ware or binder of some sort flat pawns and their bases take up relatively little space. Specificity : While there exist general pawn bundles that match the standard beastiaries, there are also pawn bundles specific to adventures giving you the specific models you need for that game.
: While there exist general pawn bundles that match the standard beastiaries, there are also pawn bundles specific to adventures giving you the specific models you need for that game. Durability: They are slick cardboard, if you don't spill Mt. Dew on them (coke zero in my case) they will last quite a long time.
Cons:
Waste : When you buy in bulk, you generally get things you don't need. If your campaign never goes nautical then a huge shark model doesn't do too much for you.
: When you buy in bulk, you generally get things you don't need. If your campaign never goes nautical then a huge shark model doesn't do too much for you. Generic : While they could be specific to your Adventure Path, there is little you can do to customize what they look like short of printing you own and finding or creating your own art work.
: While they could be specific to your Adventure Path, there is little you can do to customize what they look like short of printing you own and finding or creating your own art work. Visibility: Being flat and two-sided sometimes it is difficult to see what a pawn is from specific angles. It might not seem like a big issue, and normally isn't, but I've been in a few situations where it was bothersome.
Pre Painted
Pre Painted miniatures are generally plastic mass-produced miniatures that are machine printed and colored. They are generally sold in boosters of random miniatures. Pre painted miniatures have come a long way in the last few years. When they were first commonly used for RPGs the detail was lacking leaving them all looking like human shaped oatmeal, and the coloring was sometimes off enough that eyes would be on the side of the head. Luckily these days the quality is good enough you can actually tell what a miniature is.
Pros:
Aesthetics : It's arguable, but for my money have a 3D fully colored model makes for a more dynamic game, and helps to immerse players in the world more. As for character models they just feel more badass.
: It's arguable, but for my money have a 3D fully colored model makes for a more dynamic game, and helps to immerse players in the world more. As for character models they just feel more badass. customizable : While they come pre painted, they don't have to stay that way, you can fully repaint or just touch up certain parts of them to make the model match your mental image.
: While they come pre painted, they don't have to stay that way, you can fully repaint or just touch up certain parts of them to make the model match your mental image. Durability: Pre paintedplastic miniatures tend to have spindly little bits that can break off, but other than that you don't have to worry too much about paint chipping, they can be tossed about fairly easily and warm water can be used to bend them back in to position.
Cons:
Price : A typical blister comes in at roughly 16 dollars, generally giving you 1 large and 3 small or medium-sized miniatures. $4 a miniature is not too bad, but compared to paper pawns it's a sizeable increase.
: A typical blister comes in at roughly 16 dollars, generally giving you 1 large and 3 small or medium-sized miniatures. $4 a miniature is not too bad, but compared to paper pawns it's a sizeable increase. Random : Unless you purchase them in an entire case, or individually it's difficult to ensure you get all of the models of a set. If you just want to bolster your miniature collection buying a box piecemeal does not guarantee you get what you want.
: Unless you purchase them in an entire case, or individually it's difficult to ensure you get all of the models of a set. If you just want to bolster your miniature collection buying a box piecemeal does not guarantee you get what you want. Storage: Being three-dimensional makes these miniatures waste a lot of space when being stored and generally require bags, or tackleboxes.
Unpainted
Unpainted miniatures come in all forms, single part multipart, plastic, metal, mass-produced or custom printed. For this discussion let's assume I am talking about miniatures that you are painting or having painted. We will skip over techniques and tools for now and cover that in another post possibly.
Pros
Customization : You can paint the miniatures any color scheme you like, additionally there are more options to model or kit bash things together to get just the perfect mini. Additionally with 3D printing and services like Heroforge you can have exactly the miniature you need.
: You can paint the miniatures any color scheme you like, additionally there are more options to model or kit bash things together to get just the perfect mini. Additionally with 3D printing and services like Heroforge you can have exactly the miniature you need. Options : Off the top of my head I can name 6 different companies that I use or have used for miniatures that match a 1 inch scale, on top of that each company generally has a plethora of different poses and models. If you want something it's likely out there already.
: Off the top of my head I can name 6 different companies that I use or have used for miniatures that match a 1 inch scale, on top of that each company generally has a plethora of different poses and models. If you want something it's likely out there already. Aesthetics: Again this one is debatable, but I believe an even moderately skilled painter (or someone proficient reading online tutorials) can produce miniatures that beat their plastics counterparts in beauty. Also the molds themselves generally are sharper and better looking than their plastic brethren.
Cons:
Price : While there is a wide swath of unpainted plastic miniatures at a good price point (I'm looking at you wizkids unpainted and reaper bones) the metal or multi part plastic miniatures generally run in the 7 to 15 dollar range. That is before the tools, paint and time investment it takes to get them table ready.
: While there is a wide swath of unpainted plastic miniatures at a good price point (I'm looking at you wizkids unpainted and reaper bones) the metal or multi part plastic miniatures generally run in the 7 to 15 dollar range. That is before the tools, paint and time investment it takes to get them table ready. Complexity : These models likely need assembled or cleaned, and they will certainly need painted, unless you're fighting an army of white skeletons. With out a doubt unpainted miniatures are more complex and have a higher barrier to entry compared to our other choices.
: These models likely need assembled or cleaned, and they will certainly need painted, unless you're fighting an army of white skeletons. With out a doubt unpainted miniatures are more complex and have a higher barrier to entry compared to our other choices. Storage : Similar to pre painted plastics these minis take up more space, but with painted models you will need to be more cautious in their storage.
: Similar to pre painted plastics these minis take up more space, but with painted models you will need to be more cautious in their storage. Durability: Some might call me anal about the storage and protection of my painted miniatures, but I'm protecting a time investment. For a painted model the paint can chip, or glued parts can break and these are problems you will see at some point in your painting career.
Conclusion
Is there a right answer on what kind of character representation to use? NO! I myself use all three. I tend to only paint miniatures for player characters so they can look epic and use paper pawns and pre painted mixed together when I have the correct one to match a model that I need.
Let me know your thoughts, or how you use models in your game.
Please like, follow, share and comment to let me know your thoughts!
Advertisements
Human Rights Watch (HRW) condemned the decree issued by President Abdel Fattah Al-Sisi concerning military trials for civilians accused of attacking ‘vital' state facilities, in a statement released Monday.
The rights group said the decree is an “unprecedented expansion of military courts… [which] broadens jurisdiction over civilians”.
The 27 October decree states that those who commit crimes against “vital” state facilities or attack military personnel on duty may be referred to military courts. The facilities referred to in the decree include “stations, power networks and towers, gas and oil fields, rail lines, road networks, bridges”.
HRW said the new law gives military courts “the widest legal authority since the birth of Egypt's modern republic in 1952”.
“This law represents another nail in the coffin of justice in Egypt,” said Sarah Leah Whitson, Middle East and North Africa director at HRW.
The degree, which will remain in effect for two years, was issued following the 24 October attacks in Sinai, which left at least 30 security personnel dead. Ansar Beit Al-Maqdis, the militant group based in North Sinai that recently pledged allegiance to the self-proclaimed ‘Islamic State' group (ISIS), claimed those attacks.
HRW mentioned the five Al-Azhar students who were referred to a military court Sunday. The group also mentioned the death sentences handed to seven men and life-sentences to two others in October, for belonging to Ansar Beit Al-Maqdis. The accused were also alleged to have been involved in three violent incidents in March that left nine soldiers dead.
The defendants were arrested in March and the police claimed to have found explosives and weapons that had been used in attacks on soldiers earlier that month.
HRW stated that their trial “lacked basic due process guarantees, putting its fairness in question”.
Ahmed Helmy, a lawyer for four of the defendants, noted that three of them sought their help in January before their arrest. They disappeared separately in November and December 2013, and were held in custody in Azouli prison in Suez months before the events they were charged with. The authorities, however, “denied that the three men were in custody”.
According to a family member of one of the defendants who goes by the name Hani Amer, they were tortured and their shoulders were dislocated.
Another defendant appeared in the military trial in a wheelchair – their father claimed that their son's “left knee was completely destroyed and their left femur bone was broken” as a result of torture.
Almost 1,200 civilians have been tried in front of military courts since the 2011 uprising for regular crimes, added the HRW statement.
In an October statement by the Egyptian Initiative for Personal Right, concerns were expressed by 15 rights groups over the constitutionality of the decree, referring to Article 204 of the constitution. The article states: “No civilian shall face trial before the Military Court, except for crimes that constitute a direct assault against military facilities or camps of the Armed Forces.”
Among the groups that were against the law were Cairo Institute for Human Rights Studies (CIHRS), Arab Network for Human Rights Information (ANHRI), and the Egyptian Center for Economic and Social Rights (ECESR).
They warned “against the consequences of undermining the civilian justice system under the pretext of combating terrorism”. They added that the new decree “denies citizens their constitutional right to be prosecuted before their natural judge”.
Earlier in November however, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs released a statement on the measures taken to counterterrorism. The statement read that “military courts will in no way be applicable to peaceful protesters” as long as they do not violate the new law.
The ministry's statement also noted that “to ensure the fairness for the defendants” the military judicial system was amended. The judicial process will be conducted in two stages to preserve the defendants for an appeal.
Indian Islamic preacher, Dr Zakir Naik, who is wanted by authorities in Delhi for alleged terrorist offences, has been granted citizenship by Saudi Arabia.
Arab sources reported that King Salman had intervened to grant Naik Saudi citizenship to protect them from arrest by the International Police Organisation, Interpol.
Last month, Indian courts issued a second arrest warrant for Dr Naik in connection with their alleged role in a terror-related case and over money laundering allegations. Naik, who was on tour at the time, decided not to return to India and remained in Malaysia where permanent residency status was granted to them five years ago by the Malaysian government.
The 51-year-old preacher left India last year, allegedly to evade arrest after some perpetrators of the Dhaka terror attack claimed they were inspired by him.
Indian press reported that the country's enforcement officials were moving to revoke their passport and request Interpol issue an arrest warrant for him.
It was believed that Naik, who had by then moved to Saudi Arabia, would be forced to return to India if their passport was revoked. The Mumbai passport office, which appears not to have anticipated Saudi Arabia granting citizenship to Naik, moved to revoke their passport while a special court sent out an arrest warrant for him.
NVIDIA today continued its support of the AI startup ecosystem with investments in three companies that are advancing the state of the art of GPU-accelerated data science.
Acting through its NVIDIA GPU Ventures arm, the company is investing in BlazingDB, an SQL data warehouse; Graphistry, a visual analysis data company; and H2O.ai, an open-source AI platform. These startups, all based in the U.S., align with NVIDIA's support of the GPU Open Analytics Initiative (GOAI), which was formed to foster the growth of GPU computing in accelerated analytics.
“AI is fundamentally changing how we interact with data,” said Jeff Herbst, vice president of business development at NVIDIA. “These three companies are all rising stars in the data science industry. Their enthusiastic participation in the GOAI open source ecosystem will be instrumental to their ultimate success.”
BlazingDB uses GPUs to expedite the process of parsing through large sets of data. The company, founded in 2015, built a GPU-accelerated SQL analytics engine to analyze data already implemented in enterprise organizations.
Graphistry streamlines data investigations by combining GPUs with visual tools. Founded by two UC Berkeley alumni in 2014, it uses GPU-accelerated visual analytics and GPU cloud technology to increase data scale and reliability for developers and analysts.
H2O.ai seeks to make AI adoption more efficient by providing an accelerated machine learning engine to enterprises and developers. Founded in 2011, it launched Driverless AI earlier this year, making it easier for non-technical users to implement AI.
These investments are the latest additions to NVIDIA's expanding startup portfolio, which has added more than 10 companies in five countries over the past year. Among its latest investments are:
A year after publicly addressing their sexuality on Twitter, Raven-Symoné gave their first in-depth interview on the matter.
Appearing on Sunday's episode of Oprah: Where Are They Now, the former Disney Channel actor, 28, told Oprah Winfrey: “I don't want to be labeled gay. I want to be labeled a human who loves humans. I'm tired of being labeled.”
After years of speculation, Symoné opened up about their sexuality on Twitter after the Supreme Court overturned the Defense of Marriage Act in the summer of 2013.
“I can finally get married!” they Tweeted. “Yay government! So proud of you.”
“So was that your way of coming out?” Winfrey asked. “Saying you were gay?”
“That was my way of saying I'm proud of the country,” said the actor. “But I will say that I'm in an amazing, happy relationship with my partner, a woman. On the other side, my mother and people in my family, they've taught me to keep my personal life to myself as much as possible.”
“I try my best to you know, hold the fence where I can, but I am proud to be who I am and what I am.”
Speaking to Winfrey, the Cosby Show child star also discussed how other young celebrities stumbled in the spotlight – reportedly a dig at Lindsay Lohan.
RELATED: Is Raven-Symoné Badmouthing Lindsay Lohan?
Sign up for our newsletter and other special offers: Want more stories like this? sign me up Thank you for signing up!
Get Ready for a '21-Plus' Raven-Symoné
CATOOSA, Okla. - Four people have been arrested after two suspects robbed a Waffle House at knife-point.
Cody Wayne Thomas, James Glen Ewing, Nathan Ivey and Kristina Diane Sprangler were arrested for armed robbery with a dangerous weapon.
Two suspects entered the restaurant around 4:30 a.m. and forced the customers inside to the rear of the diner. Both suspects wore bandanas and had knives.
They took the cash drawer and left in a white four-door car. The amount of money they left with was undisclosed.
Officers located the suspects at Walmart and arrested three people on scene. One person, Ivey, ran from the scene but was apprehended around 8 a.m.
2 Works for You is working on more information and will update this story as it becomes available.
Stay in touch with us anytime, anywhere.
Download our free app for Apple and Android and Kindle devices.
Sign up for newsletters emailed to your inbox. Select from these options: Breaking News, Severe Weather, School Closings, Daily Headlines and Daily Forecasts.
Follow us on Twitter :
Like us on Facebook :
You could say that Rabbi Gilad Kariv, executive director of the Israel Movement for Reform and Progressive Judaism, is leading an insurrection, a popular revolt aimed at upending the status quo that has guided Israel's policy on religious matters since the state was born in 1948.
The Orthodox establishment has had a stranglehold on officially sanctioned religious practices in the country for too long, Rabbi Kariv believes. It has zealously guarded its privileged position, but it's time for it to make space for other branches of Judaism that are legitimate and representative of the vast majority of Israeli citizens. In that regard, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's recent remarks in Washington, D.C., herald progress, they told The CJN in Toronto last week.
Rabbi Kariv was in town to visit representatives of the World Union for Progressive Judaism and ARZA Canada and brief them and local congregations about developments in Israel. Their colleague, Rabbi Nir Barkin, also visited Reform congregations in Vancouver and Calgary and was planning other trips to synagogues in Mississauga, Hamilton and Oakville as part of their trip to North America.
Earlier, Rabbi Kariv attended the Jewish Federations of North America General Assembly (GA) in Washington.
Netanyahu recently recognized Reform and Conservative Judaism “as native Israeli phenomena,” Rabbi Kariv noted. And in their address to the GA, Netanyahu said, “As prime minister of Israel I will ensure that all Jews – Reform, Conservative and Orthodox – feel at home in Israel.”
That signals a profound strategic shift in government thinking, the rabbi believes.
“When the prime minister says they are committed to… strengthening the presence of Reform and Conservative in Israel, that for us is one of the best proofs that our movement is making inroads into the mainstream of Israeli society,” they said.
That can have practical implications. “Before Netanyahu's statement, their senior team in the Prime Minister's Office and leaders of the Jewish Agency started a serious negotiation with leaders of Israel's Conservative and Reform movements about practical ways to support the work of our movement with government funds. I hope that within months, the government will match Jewish Agency allocations to [Reform and Conservative] congregations,” they said.
That could mean an extra $1 million a year from the government, doubling the annual Jewish Agency allocation, but still amounting to only a fraction of the 2 billion shekels ($685 million) the Orthodox receive from the government.
Rabbi Kariv believes Canadian Jews have a role to play in all of this.
Netanyahu will come under pressure from the Orthodox establishment to walk away from their statement. “We expect Diaspora leaders and our Israeli members and supporters to create a counter-pressure,” they said. “It is important that the leaders of the Jewish federations in North America, rabbis and lay leaders of congregations will understand that without keeping the pressure and keeping the prime minister fully accountable for their previous statements, the ultra-Orthodox parties will succeed in preventing this important breakthrough from happening.”
Rabbi Kariv stressed that the alternatives to Orthodoxy are growing by leaps and bounds in Israel. The number of Jews who identify as Reform or Conservative has at least doubled in the last 10 years, jumping from four per cent to somewhere between eight and 12 per cent. Whereas earlier generations of Israelis were focused on reviving the Hebrew language and promoting Israeli culture, third- and fourth-generation Israelis are seeking a spiritual attachment to Judaism that is not Orthodox.
“The growth is a result of a growing number of Israeli individual and families, mostly secular, who are interested in strengthening their Jewish identity in a progressive, egalitarian and inclusive way,” they said.
Rabbi Kariv believes that as more and more Israelis look to Reform and Conservative alternatives to express their spirituality, they face a significant disadvantage. Their conversions, marriages and divorces are not recognized by the government. Only Orthodox ones are.
As a democratic state, Israel should level the playing field and treat all religious streams equally. It should recognize the conversions, marriages and divorces of all and not permit the Orthodox to have a veto on which practices are recognized by government, they said.
It is crucial “to create a critical mass of Jews in Israel and the Diaspora who say, enough is enough.”
There must be a level playing field in which all streams of Judaism can compete for followers in the marketplace of ideas, they added.
“I want to end the Orthodox monopoly,” they said. “I don't want to break the Orthodox rabbinate. I want Israeli law not to grant the Orthodox a monopoly on Jewish life.”
Having once had a father-son like relationship, it's becoming clear a KO blow has been dealt to Barry and Carl BelfastTelegraph.co.uk It's the fight that no one wanted to see. The boxing partnership between Carl Frampton and Barry McGuigan was expected to go the distance. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/having-once-had-a-fatherson-like-relationship-its-becoming-clear-a-ko-blow-has-been-dealt-to-barry-and-carl-36043292.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/incoming/article36043895.ece/e3f5c/AUTOCROP/h342/car1.jpg
Email
It's the fight that no one wanted to see. The boxing partnership between Carl Frampton and Barry McGuigan was expected to go the distance.
But now reports say that the gloves are off between the two friends as the boxer prepares to deliver the knockout blow to their manager and sound the death knell on their once-perfect but now apparently rocky relationship.
Speculation has been rife lately that the former two-weight world champion is about to throw in the towel on their eight-year tie-up with the former world featherweight champion from Clones.
To the outside world, if not the one inside the ring, it has always seemed like a match made in heaven.
Cyclone's affiliation with the young boxing cub from Tiger's Bay was a whirlwind of a winner from the start.
The affable fighter from the hard-knock streets of north Belfast had signed with McGuigan as soon as they turned professional in 2009.
And the liaison never appeared to be on the ropes as the new kid on the boxing block took on board the sage advice from the old master who'd seen and won it all - well, almost all - in the ring.
This writer was locked up with Frampton in a Crumlin Road jail cell as part of a charity fundraiser a few years ago before they battled their way into the big time.
They made it clear that while McGuigan was encouraging them to reach for the sky in sporting terms, they were also keeping their feet firmly on the ground.
The similarities between the two men were striking, and not just in their stature.
Both of them drew their support from across the religious and sectarian barriers in Northern Ireland.
They united an all-too-often divided population behind them with their no-nonsense approach to boxing and took no nonsense from anyone who tried to make them play the orange or green card.
The fact that they were both married to wives from different religious faiths to them didn't go unnoticed, either.
Frampton was to say they felt like part of the McGuigan family.
And no wonder. They spent months with them in England training.
For as Barry doled out the wisdom and the wisecracks, their son Shane trained Carl and trained them hard.
McGuigan's wife Sandra has also been closely involved with Cyclone Promotions along with their other children.
Indeed one frequently asked question on the internet is if Frampton is related to the McGuigans.
He's not but the Jackal's combination with the McGuigans punched well above its weight.
The big pay days followed for the boxer and their management team as Belfast espoused its new sporting hero in a way that bordered on the fanatical and that McGuigan knew only too well from theirs heyday.
There was a TV documentary series and hundreds of fight fans packed hotel function rooms in Belfast for sweaty Press conferences and weigh-ins where the new comedy double act of Frampton and McGuigan played to the crowds with just the right jokes and jibes at the expense of their lonely opponents.
No one celebrated the ensuing wins harder than McGuigan, and the Frampton army supped pints with their hero after they followed them to New York for a title win over Mexican Leo Santa Cruz.
They later cried into their beer in Las Vegas after Carl followed in their manager's unfortunate footsteps in a big money clash.
Just as McGuigan had lost to another Cruz - Steve Cruz - at Caesars Palace in 1986, Frampton was beaten in their rematch with Santa Cruz in Vegas seven months ago.
It was Carl's first professional defeat and insiders say that's when the cracks started to show in their association with their mentor.
However, if things were creaking behind the scenes, it wasn't long before the rift started to widen in public.
A check at Companies House shows that Frampton resigned as a director of Cyclone Promotions on Friday, July 21, just eight days before they were scheduled to fight Andres Gutierrez at the SSE Arena in a homecoming fight in Belfast.
No explanation was offered on either side but it didn't take the pugilistic expertise of a Steve Bunce to smell a rat.
And worse was to come.
Frampton failed to make the weight for the Gutierrez scrap.
They were one pound overweight and the fight, which was scheduled to be a WBC featherweight title eliminator for Frampton, would no longer hold this stipulation for the Jackal.
But stranger things were about to unfold as word filtered through that the Mexican couldn't fight because they had slipped in the shower.
That didn't wash with sceptics, but the fighter's bruised and battered fizzog left little room for doubt as they gave a hastily-arranged late night news conference looking decidedly bloody and bowed.
And body language experts had a field day as McGuigan and Frampton talked to the Press too. They may have been beside each other but it was clear they were miles apart.
Adding grist to the already tense mill this week - and perhaps a clue - former Ulster boxing champion, Dave 'Boy' McAuley expressed surprise that Frampton's weight hadn't been more closely monitored in the run-up to the Gutierrez fight.
There's been an odd silence from Frampton and Cyclone.
McGuigan, who is on record as saying that they try to learn two new words from the dictionary every day, may have had to look up 'irreconcilable differences' recently, but they may already have got the drift from the man who they have said had been their life since 2009.
Belfast Telegraph
In a groundbreaking series of experiments, scientists from the Stanford University School of Medicine and their colleagues have successfully restored several essential aspects of vision in mammals for the first time – work that would eventually help restore sight to the blind.
Their research, which was detailed in a paper published online Monday in the journal Nature Neuroscience, involved coaxing severed optic nerve cables to regenerate.
As they did so, senior author Dr. Andrew Huberman, an associate professor of neurobiology at Stanford, and their colleagues found that they nerve could retrace their previous routes and were able to re-establish connections with the necessary parts of the brain.
Prior to the procedure, the mice had a condition similar to glaucoma, one of the primary causes of blindness in humans. Glaucoma affects nearly 70 million people worldwide, the study authors said in a statement, and is caused when there is too much pressure on the optic nerve. Their new findings could potentially help reverse vision loss causes by this disease, they noted.
Coaxing retinal ganglion cell axons to regenerate
Among the essential components required for humans and other mammals to be able to see are the retinal ganglion cells (RGCs), which are a type of neurons that produce long, slender, wire-like processes known as axons. Bundles of axons extend down the length of the optic nerve and then fan out to connect with nerve cells in the brain.
The axons pass along electrical signals that contain information about what is being seen. Those cues are then interpreted by the brain, the researchers explained. More than two dozen regions of the brain receive signals from RGCs, which are the only nerve cells that connect it to the eye. If the connection is severed, “it's like pulling the vision plug right out of the outlet,” Dr. Huberman explained, and in mammal brains, damaged axons typically do not regenerate in mammals.
As a result, damage to the RGC axons in mammals typically equals permanent loss of vision, the study authors said. However, in most cases, axons located outside of a mammal's central nervous system are able to regenerate, and during the early stages of development, nerve cells often grow and generate new axons in the brain and spinal cord – cells that can somehow navigate their way through bundles of brain tissues to reach their desired targets within the mammalian brain.
Adult brain cells lose the capacity to regenerate over time because an intracellular pathway that encourages growth known as the mTOR pathway becomes less active in these cells. In their new study, Dr. Huberman's team treated mice which had a damaged optic nerve in one eye with either a regimen of daily exposure to high-contrast visual stimulation (images of a moving black-and-white grid), biochemical manipulations which caused the mTOR pathway to become more active, or a combination of the two treatment methods.
The mice were then tested three weeks later, and the researchers discovered that both the mTOR-pathway reactivation and the visual stimulation resulted in modest regrowth of RGC axions, but only to the point of the optic chaiams, where healthy axons leave the optic nerve and begin to go to other parts of the brain. However, the combination of the two approaches caused a substantial number of axons to grow, move beyond the optic chasm, and spread throughout the brain.
While vision was successfully restored, the process is not perfect
The study authors went on to test the vision of the mice, and found that the RGCs were receiving visual input from the damaged eye's photoreceptor cells and conveying it to the correct areas of the brain . In fact, in one test that simulated the approach of a bird of prey, the eye that had been damaged spotted the predator and the mice took appropriate action.
“Somehow these retinal ganglion cells' axons retained their own GPS systems. They went to the right places, and they did not go to the wrong places,” Dr. Huberman explained in a statement. In short, the regenerating axons were able to grow, reach the various parts of the brain and managed to re-establish functional links with those areas to effectively restore vision in a once blind eye.
However, the researchers emphasize that the eye was not exactly as good as new. On some tests that required detailed visual discrimination, the mice failed. They pointed out that the axons from a pair of specific RGCs reached their targets, but lacked the molecular labels that would have let them known whether or not axons from other subtypes had done likewise.
Solving this issue will require the scientists to increase the total number of ganglion cell axons that successfully reach and re-establish contact with the correct part of the brain, and to discover some way to engage and assess a greater number of the nearly 30 RGC subtypes, Dr. Huberman, who worked on the study with researchers from the University of California-San Diego, Harvard University and Utah State University, noted. “We're working on that now,” they added.
—–
Image credit: Thinkstock
Comments
comments
According to the U.S. Department of Education, less than 5 percent of college professors are women of color. In Blacksburg, a conference is being held trying to change those numbers.
Bianca Holman/WDBJ7
The conference was designed to create a support system, encouraging more women to rise the ranks of academia.
"The opportunity to come together, almost 500 to think about the shared experience, to share their stories with others, to feel empowered and connect is the purpose of the conference," said Menah Pratt-Clark, Faculty Women of Color in the Academy.
The empowerment is why some decided to attend for the first time.
"It's empowering I think women a a whole for us to connect and fellowship and be there to support one another it's a wonderful opportunity," said Shania Clinedinst a conference attendee.
During the two-day conference, women participate in workshops and hear from Virginia' Tech's own Distinguished Professor Nikki Giovanni.
One organizer said she's got lots of feedback through the years, but there is one comment that sticks out the most.
"This conference saved my life that is a constant refrain, I didn't know that I was not alone, I'm so excited to be part of a community, to know that I have support, I can persist to continue this journey," Pratt-Clark said.
It seems like every time we read the Internet, we stumble across yet another story about the growing influence of Twitter and Facebook.
Which, undeniably, is true.
But that doesn't mean we should discount the old guard.
Or, perhaps a better phrasing would be that we shouldn't discount the older Internet players.
Namely, Matt Drudge.
According to a new study by Outbrain, the Drudge Report drove 6.85% of the traffic to sites such as The New York Times, The Atlantic, MS NBC, Mashable, and others during the second quarter of 2011.
That figure is well below Google (32.18%) and Yahoo (15.78%), but significantly higher than Twitter (1.69%) and Facebook (1.07%).
Perhaps more significantly, that number is up from 5.33% during the first quarter. (Facebook posted about the same percentage as it did during Q1 while Twitter's share actually dropped 0.2%.)
Now, take those numbers with a grain of salt.
Facebook flat out says the figures are incorrect, and Mashable reports that "Outbrain has agreed to look over its Facebook numbers again."
Business Insider's internal numbers also show that Facebook and Twitter drive significantly more than 1% of our traffic.
So don't be surprised to see the Outbrain study discredited to a certain extent.
But one thing is not debatable: Drudge's influence is large and it will continue to grow. As the presidential campaign kicks into a higher gear - that may seem impossible, but we're not even close to the top - their site will become a bigger player in the national conversation.
MANILA (Reuters) - A former police officer who confessed to being part of a “death squad” under Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte on Thursday said they did not fear him, and believed four other members of their alleged hit team would come forward to testify.
Retired police officer Arturo Lascanas speaks during an interview with Reuters at a safehouse in an undisclosed place in Metro Manila, in the Philippines March 9, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
In an interview at a safe house, Arturo Lascanas, 56, told Reuters that they felt safer and at ease after publicly admitting their role in what they said were more than 200 extrajudicial killings in Davao when Duterte was a mayor obsessed with wiping out crime.
“I'm happy because I know there would still be others who will come forward after me to reveal the killings in Davao,” said the second member of the so-called “Davao death squad” to testify at Senate inquiries.
Human rights groups documented about 1,400 suspicious killings in Davao during the 22 years Duterte was mayor and critics say the eight-month-old war on drugs they unleashed as president bears the same hallmarks.
That crackdown has seen 8,000 people killed, a third in police operations. Police deny involvement in the other killings, for which many have an assassination-style pattern.
“Nothing is impossible with God. I feared God but not him,” Lascanas said of the president.
“I'm confident and happy now because I have done what I have to do, telling all of you what I have done. I may not be saved, but God will take care of me.”
Lascanas, a police officer for more than three decades, in their sworn affidavit detailed at length several incidents in which the death squad had carried out killings of suspected criminals.
On Thursday, they said there was mistrust among those involved in those alleged incidents since they went public last month and they feared they might be “erased”.
FEAR IN THE SHADOWS
“I know some people in my group - two former police officers and two civilians - who may be thinking of making public confessions like me, because they feel they will be safer coming out than being ‘erased' if they hide in the shadows,” they said.
Duterte has denied ordering summary executions, either as president or as mayor. Their police chief, Ronald dela Rosa, a former Davao City police commander, says the death squad is “fiction”.
In their affidavit and before senators, Lascanas corroborated some stories of Edgar Matobato, a self-confessed hit-man who had testified in September to have killed more than 50 people, with instructions coming from Duterte's..
Matobato surrendered to Manila police on Thursday, emerging from six months in hiding to answer charges of attempting to murder a lawyer. They were released on bail.
Their separate Senate hearings were halted due to their failure to provide evidence the death squad had even existed. Duterte's allies have ridiculed Lascanas and Matobato, describing their allegations as fabrications.
Lascanas said Duterte's uncharacteristic silence about their confession was telling.
“I treat it as they have taken it personally,” they said. “And I'm sure they have a lot to think about now, like who else within my group will come out.”
Slideshow (3 Images)
The credibility of Lascanas has been challenged repeatedly because they denied under oath in September that the death squad existed. That was a lie, they said, that weighed heavily on him, so they confessed to a priest and gave the clergyman an 81-page journal about their murders.
They said they feared for their family's safety after an attempted kidnapping of their son in December and their daughter, a nurse, reported suspicious men were watching them home.
“Everything's a gamble now,” Lascanas said. “...I've already conditioned my family to accept whatever happens to me.”
A screening room at the Alamo Drafthouse in downtown Brooklyn in 2016 (Scott Lynch / Gothamist)
This weekend, the critically acclaimed Wonder Woman movie adaptation is breaking barriers and a few box office records. But some men are alleging that the balls-barred, women-only screenings of the film are breaking the law.
Last week, the Alamo Drafthouse announced women-only Wonder Woman screenings at its original location in Austin, Texas. Their popularity led Alamo to bring similar screenings for women and those who identify as women to other markets, including Brooklyn which sold out three screenings that will benefit Planned Parenthood. The famously lively movie theater chain tweaked whiners who complained on social media that the screenings were discriminatory—and that attracted the attention of Albany Law School professor Stephen Clark.
"There was a vibrant argument happening on Facebook. But when the theater responded to complaints, they were pretty snide about it and willing to mock anyone who had a complaint and that really struck me," they told the Washington Post. And after looking at Austin's city code, they filed a complaint with a city agency.
They alleged that the Drafthouse's women-only event — as it was described in the theater's advertising — discriminated against male customers based on their gender. Citing the theater's promise to staff only women at the events, Clark also alleged that the Drafthouse was illegally engaging in employment discrimination. “It's the principle of the thing,” they told The Post. “I'm a gay man, and I've studied and taught gay rights for years. Our gay bars have long said that you do not exclude people because they're gay or straight or transgender — you just can't do that for any reason.” “We have to deal with the bachelorette parties that come to the gay bar,” they added. “They're terribly disruptive, but if you forbid women from coming to a gay bar, you're starting down a slippery slope. It's discrimination.”
Stacy Hawkins, a Rutgers University law professor, told the WaPo that "the entire controversy could have been avoided with a simple tweak in the theater's advertising. 'Just eliminate ‘no men welcome' language,' they said. 'You try to make sure you demonstrate this is an event for and about women and, most likely, men aren't going to show up.'"
In addition to Clark's Austin complaint, right-wing personality Jack Posobiec filed their own civil rights complaint in New York City earlier this week against Alamo Drafthouse and Carson Daly. A spokesperson for the NYC Human Rights Chair and Commissioner Carmelyn P. Malalis told Gothamist, "The NYC Commission on Human Rights does not comment on open or potential investigations.” However, the Commission does detail the NYC Human Rights Law on its website, which does say "It is against the City Human Rights Law for public accommodation to withhold or refuse to provide full and equal enjoyment of those goods or services based" on protected classes including age, gender, gender identity, race, religion and sexual orientation.
On May 30, Alamo Drafthouse issued a statement, "Obviously, Alamo Drafthouse recognizes 'Wonder Woman' is a film for all audiences, but our special women-only screenings may have created confusion - we want everybody to see this film."
Still, Marissa Martinelli put it well on Slate:
It is, of course, very heartening to see so many men joining the fight for gender equality because a theater chain announced a handful of screenings dedicated to women's empowerment. I for one am confident that they will voice similar outrage when they learn that women only accounted for only 29 percent of movie protagonists in 2016, and I can't wait to hear how they plan to protest the disproportionately wide gender pay gap that exists in Hollywood! Keep up the good fight, lads!
Of course I got to @AlamoNYC as soon as they opened the doors so I could savor the full #WonderWoman pre-show. pic.twitter.com/T77bspmmHl — Sean Redlitz (@TheRedlitz) June 2, 2017
No matter which Wonder Woman Alamo screening you go to, remember—there's a special pre-show.
H . G. Wells is one of those second-tier writers whose admirers always seem anxious that their man isn't getting their due. In the case of Wells, their anxieties are, to my mind, terrifically unwarranted. The best of their books are still in print and frequently taught in graduate courses. The three most famous of them—The Time Machine, War of the Worlds, and The Invisible Man—are known all over the world, even by people with only the foggiest clue who their author was. In 2005, a film adaptation of War of the Worlds, directed by Steven Spielberg and earning $590 million, closely tracked Wells's narrative and credited the author prominently. As I write these words, David Lodge, one of the most eminent writers in the English-speaking world, has just published a fictional account of Wells's amorous adventures: surely an indication that H. G. Wells is an Important Subject.
Even...
What is the point of brewing these beers with really high IBUs? I read about them all the time on blogs. I don't really understand the point of making a beer that's too bitter to drink.
Y'aint wrong. There's really no point in doing anything, when you think about it. I mean, Third Eye Blind's debut album came out in 1997, as did OK Computer, The Lonesome Crowded West AND Zaireeka. The Barenaked Ladies understood this and sang "It's all been done" a year later. But people are still making songs.
Like music, beer is fun. And you can go anywhere with it. Brewers and beer drinkers appreciate this. It might seem silly to just play the drum tracks on Zaireeka, but it's an important component to the whole thing and helps you understand it. Hops can compliment other attributes of beer in the same way. I think many people new to craft beer dive into high-IBU beverages because those flavors are unlike anything experienced before, having been raised on macrobrew. And your palate is always shifting. I was in love with Torpedo, Ruination and Ranger once, and while those aren't my go-to beers anymore, I know they're good. It's cool if you don't like super bitter brew. There's always a new flavor or aroma or "holy-cow-this-is-amazing" experience to be had and, no matter what you do with beer, someone's going to enjoy it.
I think it's bullshit to call something “homemade” if all you did was cobble together storebought items into a larger assemblage of food. If I scoop some Graeter's onto some break-and-bake Toll House cookies, I don't think I should be allowed to say they're homemade. What are your thoughts here?
I prefer the finer things of the culinary realm: beer, whiskey, frozen pizza and potato chips. Maybe a dirty martini for Sunday brunch. Before I throw a Jack's premium 4-chez piz into the oven, I spice it up - literally. Mrs. Dash is my go-to pie enhancer. I'll even sprinkle some shredded parm or monterey jack (I never use sharp cheddar on pizza. That's almost as bad as eating deep dish) on it. But hey, you don't see me opening up a pizza joint. I've tried making homemade chips and it was a disaster. Why bother grueling over the bragging rights of something being "homemade" when you can grab some Ruffle's Sour Cream & Onion for $5? You know it's going to be good, and you don't have to waste time preparing it. Do these people wait more than five minutes for a table at a restaurant too? Why not eat as soon as you're hungry?
One of my co-workers brings in a sheet cake *for herself* on their birthday at work. While I love free cake, I also think this is an adulation trap where, by getting a piece of cake, I have to then stop by and wish them a happy birthday. It all seems like a refined sugar bribe, not to mention a little bit insane. Do I have to say HBD or can I just have my (her) cake at my desk without tipping my hat to the occasion?
Have you ever seen the photo of Kirk Cameron blowing out a birthday cake on a table with half-eaten subs, plus some weird lady standing in the doorway? This is how I envision your situation. It's like Jerry Seinfeld said: "Birthdays are symbolic of how little we've grown...That for the rest of our sad, wretched, pathetic lives, this is who we are to the bitter end – inevitably, irrevocably. Happy birthday? No such thing.” So, rub the delusions of grandeur in their face. Bring your own cake on their birthday and eat it in front of them Don't let anyone else have a slice. And chug down some Tequila Rose. Hey, you gotta do you.
Promoter Sampson Lewkowicz is issuing a challenge to the world's top super middleweights: Help their fighter, David "El Bandera Roja/Red Flag" Benavidez, become the youngest 168-lb champion in boxing history by fighting him.
"He is on a course to smash the old record," said Lewkowicz of Benavidez, but I need a top-10 contender or a world champion to fight him. He'll take on anyone in the world."
Phoenix, Arizona's Benavidez (17-0, 16 KOs), who did their usual steamroll over opponents last Saturday night at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas (this time over Uzbekistan's Shareli Mamajonov in less than two brutal rounds), is only 20 years old. The youngest super middleweight champion in history was Darin Van Horn, who was 22 years, 8 months and 11 days old when they beat Lindell Holmes by KO 11 for the IBF Super Middleweight Championship on May 18, 1991.
"Promoters don't want their fighters to fight him," continued Lewkowicz. "He can't move up the ratings or make boxing history if promoters are too worried about their investments to let their fighters face him. I need the promoters behind the top 10 contenders in the division to step up and see if their fighters can stop their rise. They can't. But I need them to try."
Benavidez is currently rated WBC #14, WBA #7, IBF #13.
"If you are reading this and you promote any super middleweight fighter who has a top-10 ranking or is world champion, call me. We will fight. We hear from opponents looking to get paid for getting knocked out, but never anyone with a top-10 rating. This is your challenge. Call me and let's get it on. Help my fighter become part of boxing history."
From the very beginning, Guild Wars 2: Heart of Thorns™ was designed to maximize every player's jungle experience. Gameplay, story, and the terrain itself were all conceived, fleshed out, and woven together to create a unified and immersive world that hooks players and keeps them hooked. Under the steady hands of Matt Wuerffel and Jon Peters, the Heart of Thorns team collaborated, iterated, and executed on a series of features and themes that deliver our most satisfying and comprehensive gaming experience to date.
Location, Location, Location
The foundation of this experience is the region itself: the Heart of Maguuma. Initial map design coalesced around the concept of “biomes,” or levels of terrain, each with its own flora, fauna, and gameplay opportunities. From the towering heights above the jungle canopy down to the root-riddled depths below the surface, each map in the Heart of Maguuma focuses on vertical as well as horizontal exploration. Players can explore jumping puzzles in the trees, hopping from crashed and flaming Pact airships, to giant, grasping Mordrem vines; or scale rope bridges and wooden walkways that connect the forest floor to colorful hylek tree-frog villages in the boughs. Majestic golden outposts are juxtaposed with ominous bioluminescent caverns, each with their own unique mix of hostile and potentially friendly denizens. Every biome is loaded with content and incentives to explore the levels above, below, and beyond, providing unprecedented levels of gameplay density.
Themes and Schemes
Each map also has its own unique themes and map-wide meta-features that connect to the story and the characters in new and exciting ways. For example, in Verdant Brink—the first map players encounter once they enter the Heart of Thorns—the wreckage of the Pact fleet serves as both terrain and a character, defining what sorts of activities and encounters players will find there. Players meet and interact with the desperate survivors of the crash, helping to fortify their positions, gather much needed supplies, and fend off the voracious hordes of Mordrem.
The Brink's meta-feature is the increased importance of the day/night cycle; things are tough enough while the sun's up, but once it sets, the Mordrem redouble their efforts and the landscape becomes even more dangerous. Natural predators like the fire-breathing wyvern give way to the more monstrous and deadly toxin-spewing Mordrem variety. Players have to make the most of their daylight activities to prepare for the coming darkness, because once night falls, straight-up survival becomes the primary goal.
I'm Going Up, Down, All Around
New methods of exploration also create new opportunities for more gameplay. The new Mastery system in Heart of Thorns gives players the chance to build up their region-specific skills, like gliding, which allows for deeper and more complete exploration of the environment. Max out your gliding Mastery to discover previously unavailable areas and gameplay challenges. Max out your hylek language and lore Mastery to access content the frog folk reserve for those in the know.
Replayabililty, or Storytelling and Retelling
As if there weren't enough to do in the Heart of Maguuma, we made sure that when players experience the story of Heart of Thorns, there are ample reasons and rewards to justify going back and doing it all over (and over) again. We set out to give players plenty of options to explore and plenty of loot to earn to make replaying these story instances not only attractive, but essential.
First, we took a page from the Living World's book and made our story-specific instanced content replayable so that players can give the instances a second, third, or fourth try any time they like. Key story instances also have binary choices that define how the story unfolds; for example, after choosing to trust Laranthir and rescue the sylvari prisoners from their Mordrem captors, players can go back and instead relieve Laranthir of command to experience entirely different gameplay and narrative-path challenges. These branching choices always pay off within the same story instance, so players see the results of their decisions right away. We also included special difficult-to-attain achievements with specific challenging conditions to satisfy before players can earn the points.
As the map-based gameplay and story instances were so tightly bound thematically, we also consciously broke one of the main game's cardinal storytelling rules and allowed key characters to exist in both story instances and in the open world. Those characters who are not involved in the main story arc can still evolve and change as players progress through the expansion's open world content. This adds impact to the choices that players make, and the results of those choices ripple out across the entire region and affect the characters struggling to survive in it. For example, whether players trust or distrust Laranthir in that initial story instance, the Vigil's second-in-command will patrol the open world with a crack squadron of sylvari snipers, providing overwatch to beleaguered Pact survivors and raining destruction down on Mordremoth's hordes. They and their squad work their way across the entire Heart of Maguuma, doing their thing and winning over some of their former comrades who doubt them, until they are positioned to support players in the final confrontation—and it's up to players to decide whether they want Laranthir's help.
Wait, Did You Just Say Something?
Finally, we were able to restore the player character's ability to speak—not just in story instances, but also in the open world. It may seem like a simple thing, but having your onscreen avatar speak whenever it makes sense for them to do so creates broad new avenues of engagement and interaction. Players can participate in verbal exchanges with friendly NPCs, hurl threats and challenges at enemies, and bark mission-specific orders to comrades. They can have these exchanges while in motion or even in combat. Best of all, we are also now able to give each race their own distinct lines so that norn, sylvari, asura, human, and charr characters can speak like actual members of the unique cultures and societies from which they hail.
Come On In, the Jungle's Fine
The writers, designers, and artists on the Heart of Thorns team were tasked with integrating key features like story, environment, and gameplay to an unprecedented degree. To put it bluntly, we can't wait to see what you do once you enter our jungle playground—if you have half as much fun playing it as we did build it, our mission will have been a rousing success.
I know this might seem stupid, as easy as it is to make a spore print, but I have been using the same mycelium I grew from a spore syringe 8 months ago up till now using g2g every month or less. Yields are definitely down from those first few pinsets, but only by about 30% or so.
I just made some sporeprints and got everything for agar work, so I can now start working from fresh genetics, but I was wondering. If this line is still performing pretty well this late in the game, would it be worth it to try cloning a fruit or perhaps an isolated from a clone or mycelium? Or will I soon hit some kind of wall?
Post Extras:
Most would consider what you've already hit as a wall.
Post Extras:
Gonna have to agree with that one....
--------------------
" W h e n t h e w a r o f l o v e o v e r c o m e s t h e l o v e o f w a r , t h e w o r l d w i l l t r u e l y b e a b e t t e r p l a c e s . O n e l o v e "Bob Marley
Post Extras:
I believe they asked a question about cloning fruits.
--------------------
C h e c k o u t m y Trade List !!
Post Extras:
If you have already hit the proverbial wall on genetics why bother cloning a 5th, 6th, 7th generation gene?
--------------------
" W h e n t h e w a r o f l o v e o v e r c o m e s t h e l o v e o f w a r , t h e w o r l d w i l l t r u e l y b e a b e t t e r p l a c e s . O n e l o v e "Bob Marley
Post Extras:
If you clone fruit bodies from the grown fruits, then your not resetting you genetics...
If you take a print, and start from spores, you reset...
Atleast thats what my basic knowledge tells me...
Next time, be smart with your g2g's and perform a better tree, and backup system...
For example, you find a banging culture...
You store it in a slant to save the culture as young as possible...
This allows you to take a rice sized sliver out of that slant, and put it onto a plate that could then make 20 other plates...
Then 20 plates could be stored over the year to knock your jars up with...
--------------------
AMU Q&A's
Shroomery Minecraft Server!
Prints for Stamps!
My Trade List
My Strain List
Post Extras:
Quote:
total said:
If you clone fruit bodies from the grown fruits, then your not resetting you genetics...
If you take a print, and start from spores, you reset...
Yes and no, there's going to be a lot more defective and weak sublines.
But still a chance to find a good one. Overall, tired genetics should be retired.
--------------------
You make it all possible. Doesn't it feel good?
Post Extras:
Quote:
dmonkey1 said:
I believe they asked a question about cloning fruits.
I believe we gave them an answer.
Post Extras:
Quote:
sixbluntsdeep said:
Quote:
dmonkey1 said:
I believe they asked a question about cloning fruits.
I believe we gave them an answer.
but no solutions
--------------------
C h e c k o u t m y Trade List !!
Post Extras:
I think their grain to grain transfers are multispore as they started from a spore syringe. I am curious about this too.
So if you do a shitload of grain to grain which are multispore and then clone an isolated from a fruit, you would still have senescence even though you started from multispore and cloned a isolate after the mycelium started losing vigor?
--------------------
Post Extras:
I have to say UG now I kinda get why 13's mad at me.... You give a person valid pertinent information that really doesn't go any way but described and people still argue.
--------------------
" W h e n t h e w a r o f l o v e o v e r c o m e s t h e l o v e o f w a r , t h e w o r l d w i l l t r u e l y b e a b e t t e r p l a c e s . O n e l o v e "Bob Marley
Post Extras:
That makes sense because its the same as an isolated but just a bunch of strains fruiting together at the same time.
Another question I have for anybody is with multispore do the strains stay seperate strains or after grain to grain transfers do a few strains join together to become one strain, or fewer strains? Really a pointless question, Im just curious.
I need to do master slants.
--------------------
Post Extras:
Quote:
dmonkey1 said:
but no solutions
You seem to be doing even less than those you are criticizing. Quote:
savage.renegade said:
That makes sense because its the same as an isolated but just a bunch of strains fruiting together at the same time.
Another question I have for anybody is with multispore do the strains stay seperate strains or after grain to grain transfers do a few strains join together to become one strain, or fewer strains? Really a pointless question, Im just curious.
I need to do master slants.
Well if you take grain out, you're taking "x" number of varieties and letting them prosper. If you do it again, you're taking "x" varieties out, and so on. So you're getting fewer genetic differences each G2G you do.
Post Extras:
Thats what i was thinking too, Thanks for clarifying that for me.
--------------------
Post Extras:
Thank you for all your replies! Yeah, I figured that line was getting a little long in the tooth. I've got a nice dark sporeprint and all the fixins, so will be starting work on isolating fresher genetics soon.
Post Extras:
Much to Learn You Still Have been a rundown of trivia and fun facts, both in-universe and behind-the-scenes, about the aliens of the Star Wars galaxy. Whether you've never set foot in a cantina or you're a well-traveled Jedi Master, you'll find the intel you need.
There's probably not much I can say that will sway your opinion about Hutts. They're slimy, prone to nauseating sounds and habits, and, to top it all off, they're rotten criminals. But hey! That makes for one really interesting Star Wars alien species. Think you already know all the horrifying Hutt details? Let's find out!
1. They were heavily influenced by classic film characters.
Of course, we have to start with the very first and most notorious Hutt in the Star Wars galaxy. Their proper name is Jabba Desilijic Tiure, but their friends (if they have any) and victims know them just as Jabba. George Lucas' initial concept for Jabba began as a desire to create a “sultan-like” character who was feared for their size, power, and status among commoners.
“There's always been rotund, evil sultans who sit on their beds while others are tortured in front of them,” Lucas described. They gave the examples of Sydney Greenstreet (The Maltese Falcon) and Marlon Brando (The Godfather) as inspiration for the crime lord and designer Nilo Rodis-Jamero couldn't get past putting Jabba in a suit, á la the traditional, machine gun-wielding gangster. Ultimately Phil Tippett won over Lucas with their maquette of the slimy slug but it wasn't easy. At first a more worm-like creature was actually deemed “too terrible” and a version with forearms was “too human.”
Fun Fact #1: Ziro the Hutt of The Clone Wars fame was also inspired by a classic film. During their death they mutter, “what a world, what a world!” in a nod to the Wicked Witch in The Wizard of Oz.
2. It took four tons of clay to construct Jabba…
Once Jabba's design was nailed down, then came the hard part — actually building him. That heavy responsibility was given to Stuart Freeborn and John Coppinger and the two were assisted by four tons of clay, foam latex, and an oven that was once an old safe. The chemicals were pretty toxic, requiring contractors to wear masks, helmets, breathing apparatus, and white suits. The completion of Jabba inched very close to the deadline, causing directors to seriously worry whether the crime lord slug would make it into the picture. Freeborn insisted they'd make their deadline, and they did, finishing the last paint job just the weekend before the scene was scheduled to be shot.
3. …and three people to operate him.
Due to the massive size of Jabba, one puppeteer pulling the strings obviously wasn't enough. It actually took three operators crammed inside of Jabba's body to get the vile villain moving. After Jim Henson's Dark Crystal wrapped up in the very same studio, there was thankfully an abundance of talented creature shop puppeteers to bring Jabba to life. Toby Philpott operated the left arm and head, Mike Edmonds operated the tail, and David Barclay controlled the right arm, mouth, and even spoke Jabba's lines in English to be played over the PA system. Getting the three men into the puppet was the tricky part. There was actually a hole beneath Jabba's body that they could climb up into, but with a wooden set and flammable materials, firefighters were standing by in case of an accident. Each operator had a headset and a monitor inside the creature so they could see exactly what their movements looked like on camera. The trio actually had to spend 8:30 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. inside the slug's body, only breaking for lunch and tea.
4. They're not always that obese.
The word Hutt has become synonymous with gargantuan (Jabba weighs almost 3,000 pounds!), but did you know that they're not always that massive? Baby Hutts, or “Huttlets,” start out around 1 foot 5 inches (.43m) in height as seen through Jabba's adorably disgusting infant son Rotta. The award for largest slimy beast we've seen goes to the female Hutt, Mama, who measures an amazing 14 feet 10 inches (4.52m). Hutts do come in varying shapes and sizes surprisingly enough. The antique-collecting Grakkus, who tasked an inexperienced Luke Skywalker with opening a Jedi holocron, is the most unique looking Hutt I've come across. They have a strong, muscly build, and, to make them even stranger, cybernetic legs!
Fun fact #2: One of the inspirations for the character of Mama came from Pearl, the obese vampire in the 1998 movie Blade.
5. Their homeworld gets as slimy as they do.
Most Hutts call Nal Hutta their homeworld and if you know anything about it, it's a pretty perfect environment for this nasty species. This wasn't an accident, of course. When it came time to create the Hutt's environment for The Clone Wars, Lucas gave supervising director Dave Filoni a few tips. First, it needed to be swampy to match the natural sliminess of its inhabitants. Second, they wanted their extravagant palaces to be built in nothing less than giant, pustule, orbs that would stick up from out of the ground. If you're not feeling queasy yet, add in a climate of actual greasy rain and dragonsnake-filled bogs to make a planet truly fit for a Hutt.
6. They wear animals as fashion statements.
If you haven't taken note of the lavish parties and flashy lifestyle Jabba and their relatives live, you should know the Hutts like to indulge — and not just on frogs. It's common for the crime bosses to force Twi'leks to put on shows, and as seen in The Clone Wars episode “Hunt for Ziro,” sometimes wear creepy Hutt-faced head dresses. Clearly the creatures are vain — despite their grotesque appearance. So vain that they try to hide the fact that they can't grow hair by wearing animals called Sha'rellian Toops on their head. Both Marlo and Mama don the headgear, the latter stacking a whopping 23 creatures on top of their head.
Fun fact #3: Speaking of vanity, albino Hutt Oruba clothes themselves in the finest, most extravagant attire to hide their pale and unsightly chafing skin.
7. They have their own form of currency.
You may ask yourself, “How can I live as lavishly as these Hutts?” Well, having your own form of currency separate from Republic credits definitely helps. Wupiupi are golden coins that are often acquired by conning reckless pirates. Some other illegal activities Hutts dabble in include buying and selling slaves, smuggling goods, or gambling it all on the podraces. To give you a sense of what wupiupi is worth, seven of them will get you a single gorg, or large amphibian to snack on from the stalls of Mos Espa Market. The Hutt Council does have their own accountant to take care of all this wupiupi. Their name is Gorga, and you can't miss him. He's the only Hutt dapper enough to rock a monocle.
8. Their nasty noise was created by a familiar food.
If you read this column often you're probably familiar with hearing all about the legendary sound genius of Ben Burtt. Burtt is responsible for taking ordinary household objects and making them into some of the most iconic sounds in film history. When tasked with creating the soundtrack for the nastiest Star Wars alien yet to be conceived at the time (Rogue One's Bor Gullet gives Jabba a run for their wupiupi!), they turned to a bowl of good old-fashioned comfort food made by their very own wife. In Burtt's own words, the slurpy sound was “macaroni and cheese being fondled in a bowl.” If you used to really love macaroni and cheese, I apologize.
Fun fact #4: Jabba's laugh was a combination of humans, hippos, hyenas, and more elements blended together.
How's that for a healthy dose of Hutt? Let me know what I forgot in the comments below. Craving more? Peruse the StarWars.com Databank or rewatch The Clone Wars episode “Hunt for Ziro” for a good glimpse of Hutt life…including romance!
Sources: The Making of Return of the Jedi, J.W. Rinzler, Del Rey, 2013; Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know, Adam Bray, Cole Horton, Michael Kogge, Kerrie Dougherty, DK Children, 2015
Dana Jennings is Lucasfilm's associate producer for StarWars.com. You may remember them from such polls and quizzes as, “Who Wore it Best?” and “Which Star Wars Character Should You Invite for the Holidays?” When not acting as chairperson of the Nien Nunb Appreciation Society, they can be found working hard to make sure The Star Wars Show stays fully operational or dressing up as Kevin the Ewok. Follow them on Instagram and Twitter for all these things and more!
Image caption President Goodluck Jonathan, centre, is making their first official visit to Borno and Yobe
Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan says their government cannot grant an amnesty to the militant Islamist group Boko Haram because it is not known who its members are or what they want.
They said the group's members were like ghosts, operating under a veil.
A Nigerian Muslim leader recently suggested such an amnesty could help end violence ravaging northern Nigeria.
Mr Jonathan was on their first official visit to the north-eastern region worst hit by the group's insurgency.
"On the issue of amnesty... you cannot declare amnesty for ghosts, Boko Haram are still operating as ghosts, you don't see the person," they told reporters in the city of Maiduguri, in Borno state.
They said Boko Haram should make itself visible and make clear what it wanted.
"You cannot declare amnesty for people that are operating under a veil so we can't even discuss the issue of amnesty. Let them come, let them tell us their problems."
Muslim leader the Sultan of Sokoto recently suggested that Boko Haram members should be offered an amnesty similar to that given to militants in the oil-producing Niger Delta in 2009.
The BBC's Tomi Oladipo in Lagos says President Jonathan wants to use their trip to the states of Borno and Yobe to assert their authority in the face of the growth security threat.
However, they are also facing widespread criticism for not visiting the region sooner, our correspondent adds.
Boko Haram says its members are fighting to create an Islamic state in Nigeria's predominantly Muslim north.
The group has been blamed for the deaths of some 1,400 people in central and northern Nigeria since 2010.
A video recently emerged purporting to show Boko Haram's leader, Abubakar Shekau, denying claims that their group was taking part in peace talks with the government.
You have heard of birthdays, mother's day, father's day, even apocalypse day and now thanks to the saffron agenda against the Valentine's Day, you will soon be celebrating Parent's Worship Day!
And, as we all know that India's calendar of festivity has been overflowing (even 365 days weren't enough), hence the new Parent's Worship Day or Matru-Pitru Diwas would be commemorated on February 14!
This decision has been rolled out by the Raman Singh government, which has had a long-pending agenda against Valentine's Day.
The govt. has given standing instructions to all government schools across Chhattisgarh that February 14 from now on will be observed as 'Matru-Pitru Diwas' or the 'Parents' Worship Day' every year.
The government schools in Chhattisgarh had started this ritual two years ago after Asaram Bapu, now in jail facing rape charges, suggested to the chief minister that Valentine's Day should be replaced with 'Matru Pitru Diwas'.
However, from this year, the state government has institutionalized this practice. "Now, parents' day is being celebrated.
No separate orders will be issued every year in this regard," a circular from the Directorate of Public Instruction, which controls the government schools, said.
As per the new February 14 rituals, parents are invited to schools where their children garland them, perform aarti, and offer them sweets.
Incidentally, just four days ago, the Hindu Mahasabha — in news for its failed bid to install the bust of Mahatma Gandhi's assassin Nathuram Godse had issued a statement, calling upon the youth to celebrate Valentine's Day as Mata Pita Pujan Diwas.
The Mahasabha has elaborate plans against Valentine's Day celebrations. Couples found celebrating the Valentine's Day, dubbed as a 'foreign festival' by the Mahasabha, will face a variety of punishments. While a prompt Arya Samaj wedding will be forced on Hindu couples, inter-faith partners will have to sit through a 'shuddhikaran' (purification) ritual, the Mahasabha said.
Mahasabha national president Chandra Prakash Kaushik tolf TOI: "India is a country where all 365 days are days for love, why then must couples observe only February 14 as Valentine's Day?"
Watch this video, and decided for yourself, where is India heading to?
Computer giant HP added $20 million (£12.5 million) to its bottom line through data mining activities, demonstrating that businesses can see a huge return on their analytics investment.
According to Dr John Elder, chief scientist at data mining and predictive analytics consultancy Elder Research, data mining can help companies in three main ways – by eliminating the bad, discovering the good, and streamlining existing processes.
In HP's case, the company used data mining to ‘eliminate the bad', that is, identify fraud activity.
“One of their problems was service fraud. People were tasked with fixing a machine, but they would fill in a form saying they fixed a machine but didn't. The only way HP knew was when a disgruntled former employee would call in with a tip,” Elder told the Predictive Analytics World conference in London today.
HP therefore built a mining model based on the known cases, to find the unknown ones.
“[Initially] they had a few part-time people discovering the fraud, but then [with the predictive analytics] they recovered $20 million in nine months, and more people were hired to do it, and it became a profit centre for the company,” said Elder.
The company also achieved hidden returns in the process of collecting the data and gathering metrics for the fraud detection model. For example, HP discovered that a large consultancy firm in the US was continually returning laptops before the warranty year-end, even though no problems were found with the devices, so that they would be replaced with a newer model.
“They [HP] had been consistently abused by this partner, and cutting them off saved them millions of dollars that was not looked at,” Elder said.
Although using predictive analytics to streamline processes can mean that organisations can reduce staff or increase productivity of staff, Elder said that in every example they have seen in the real world, staff numbers are not cut. Furthermore, as with the case of HP, the profitability of the analytics division means that staffing levels can actually grow.
“Every single time, staff increases because the group becomes successful, they become a profit centre, and they get other work to do,” they said.
Meanwhile for pharmaceutical company Pharmacia and Upjohn, which merged with Pfizer in 2003, data mining enabled it to continue developing a drug that became one of its most successful products.
The company simply needed to find out if a new drug was effective enough to warrant major investment for development.
“They were about to give up on the drug and not spend a billion dollars, so we came up with this new plot [mining model] that compared the placebo and the drug, and it showed that the large majority of people got better with the drug, and no one got worse.
“It [the model] was appropriate for their decision at that moment – ‘should we move forward?' They went on to invest in this drug and it became one of their three blockbuster successes of the decade,” Elder said.
But Elder said that one of the main lessons from real-world applications of analytic projects is the importance of company-wide engagement.
“It is good to have the technology, but you need to arm everybody up the chain to see the value and to see the connections,” they said.
Although data analysts typically might not be strong at communication with other people, according to Elder, communicating with others in their organisation will allow analysts to learn more about their project, as well as enable their company to understand what they are doing and why.
“You need to reward that trust [from business allies] by giving them as much material and results as possible so that they can feed the beast – the client, the boss, and so on.”
This is why Elder recommended that pilot projects should be done early, with short timescales.
“Try to get a result within three months that is useful and valuable, that has a small return that can give reward,” they suggested.
Yesterday at Predictive Analytics World, business intelligence consultant Jos van Dongen advised that businesses should carefully evaluate open source software for data mining as they would any other solution.
This is the GLC: not, early-Noughties-obscure-reference fans, a controversial Welsh hip-hop outfit, but rather Mercedes-Benz's latest offering in the premium SUV sector.
It's the brother to the sporty GLC Coupe concept we saw in Shanghai a couple of months ago, and replaces the old GLK SUV (a car we never got in Britain). Still struggling to place it? Well, the GLC is a rival to the Audi Q5 and BMW X3, and thus a rather profitable segment of the meaty SUV pie.
As such, it boasts some grown-up underpinnings, namely those of the new C-Class saloon. At 4.6m in length, 1.8m in width and 1.6m high (a fraction taller if you spec the ‘off-road' pack), it's basically a C-Class saloon on stilts, and pretty much bang-on for size compared to its German rivals.
And it follows the neat, sporty lines first shown on the GLC Coupe, too, Mercedes informing us that it “favours sensual purity and a modern aesthetic over the classic off-road look”. Nicely understated, or a bit… forgettable? You decide.
You get four powertrains on launch - 168bhp and 201bhp versions of Merc's four-pot 2.2-litre diesel (GLC 220d and GLC 250d), and a 208bhp 2.0-litre petrol in the GLC 250, good for a 0-62mph time of 7.3 seconds.
Then there's the petrol-electric GLC 350e, which combines that same 2.0-litre petrol engine to an electric motor, for a combined 323bhp output and 413lb ft of torque. This one will officially emit just 60g/km of CO2, yet sprint to 62mph in 5.9 seconds. Not bad.
The GLC is 80kg lighter than the old GLK - thanks to an entirely new body and use of aluminium - and all versions come with permanent ‘4MATIC' four-wheel-drive (with a basic torque split of 45:55 front/rear), and a nine-speed gearbox on everything bar the hybrid. That car gets just seven gears. Pah.
Merc offers steel springs and active dampers as standard, or you could plump for full air suspension. If you're feeling especially lavish, you could also spec the ‘off-road' pack, which adds five more programmes to the dynamic setup, including a ‘slippery' setting, one for ‘incline', one for ‘rocking assist' and ‘trailer'.
There is also an inside to the car, and it has been lavished with much attention, including nappa leather, open-pore wood trim, an optional panoramic glass roof, and much digital integration. You get like, seats and stuff too, but also more space in between them: elbow, shoulder and legroom is all up over the GLK.
UK prices have yet to be announced, but it'll go on sale in Europe with a base price of €44,506 - which is just under 32,000 of our finest English pounds.
Still unsure as to where this fits into Merc's SUV strategy? Well, in little-to-large scale, you're looking at the GLA, this GLC, a potential GLC Coupe, then the GLE, GLE Coupe, and upcoming GLS. Oh, and the venerable G-Wagen, of course. All clear?
Russian President Vladimir Putin condemned on Thursday a recent attack on U.S. diplomats in Libya, and urged governments to react toughly and timely to provocations against people's religious sentiments.
Russian President Vladimir Putin condemned on Thursday a recent attack on U.S. diplomats in Libya, and urged governments to react toughly and timely to provocations against people's religious sentiments.
U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens and three other Americans were killed on Tuesday in an attack on the U.S. consulate building in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi by an armed mob angry over a U.S.-produced film that is considered by Muslims to be insulting to Islam's Prophet Muhammad.
“We condemn this crime and offer our condolences to the victims' families,” Putin told reporters at their residence in the Black Sea resort of Sochi.
“The safety of diplomats is protected by international conventions and if someone fails to recognize this, it means that they put themselves outside the framework of the law and outside the framework of modern civilization," Putin said.
At the same time, the Russian president said "religious feelings of people of all beliefs must be handled very carefully" and government reactions to religious provocation must be "tough and timely," otherwise the people who feel offended will take matters into their own hands to defend their interests and views.
Anti-American riots continued on Thursday across the Middle East, with at least one death reported near the U.S. Embassy in Yemen and scores of people injured in clashes between police and protesters near the U.S. Embassy in Egypt.
Putin also used the opportunity to reiterate their argument that the West should not support popular uprisings against dictatorships in the Middle East because this could have unpredictable and hazardous consequences.
“We do not support any armed groups that attempt to resolve internal political problems by violent means,” Putin said.
“We do not understand these people's final goals, and we are always worried about the possibility that if we support these armed groups, we could ultimately find ourselves in a deadlock situation,” the Russian leader said. “We fear that the region could fall into chaos and that is exactly what's happening.”
Putin expressed hope that the recent tragedy would convince Western countries to intensify coordinated efforts with Russia in the joint fight against extremism and common threats.
Pando - (I Spread) When the Pando clone was discovered, scientists named it with a Latin word that means “I spread.” Pando is an aspen clone that originated from a single seed and spreads by sending up new shoots from the expanding root system. Pando is believed to be the largest, most dense organism ever found at nearly 13 million pounds. The clone spreads over 106 acres, consisting of over 40,000 individual trees. The exact age of the clone and its root system is difficult to calculate, but it is estimated to have started at the end of the last ice age. Some of the trees are over 130 years old. It was first recognized by researchers in the 1970s and more recently proven by geneticists. Its massive size, weight, and prehistoric age have caused worldwide fame. Located in central Utah on the Fishlake National Forest, Pando is approximately 1 mile southwest of Fish Lake on State Highway 25. In the summer the green, fluttering leaves symbolize the relief from summer's heat that you get coming to the basin. In autumn the oranges and yellows of the leaves as they change color give a hint of the fall spectacular that is the Fish Lake Basin. Visitors from many states, as well as other nations have travelled to central Utah to see and experience Pando, especially during the fall season when the leaves turn to yellow and orange. In 2006 the U.S. Postal Service honored the Pando Clone as one of the “40 Wonders of America” with a stamp in its commemoration. Specialists are concerned with Pando however, because the clone is showing signs of decline. There are two reasons thought to be the cause of this decline. They are a lack of regeneration, along with insects and disease. Additionally, it is thought that the lack of regeneration is due to over browsing from deer and other ungulates. Insects, such as bark beetles, and disease such as root rot and cankers, are attacking the overstory trees, weakening and killing them. A lack of regeneration combined with weakening and dying trees, in time, could result in a smaller clone or complete die off. The Forest Service in cooperation with partner organizations are working together to study Pando in order to address the issues of decline. Over the years, foresters have tested different methods to stimulate the roots to encourage new sprouting. Research plots have been set up in all treated areas to track Pando's progress. With each treatment, foresters have been able to learn from Pando and adapt. Check out the video below for additional information about Pando and restoration efforts underway. If you're looking for more information about Aspen trees, check out these additional sources: Fading Gold
Western Aspen Alliance
The TTC is looking into cameras to catch drivers who drive past open streetcar doors.
Councillor Mike Layton took to Twitter Tuesday morning to ask about cameras after they say they spotted an incident on the Dundas streetcar.
Can @TTChelps install cameras on streetcars to tag vehicles going past open doors? @bradTTC @JoshColle Horn blast doesn't seem to deter. — Mike Layton (@m_layton) January 3, 2017
"I think anyone who takes the streetcar across the city knows that when you're getting on and getting off you're being put at risk," Layton says.
The TTC's Brad Ross says it's something the TTC board has already asked them to look into. "Anything we can do to improve the safety of our customers and those who use the TTC, is something that, of course, we want to do," they say.
Driving past open streetcar doors is against the law and carries a fine of $110 dollars and three demerit points.
Ross says they're looking into the technology needed to capture the license plates of offenders.
Much like red light cameras, there may be legislative changes required at the provincial level. Staff are looking into that as well.
Ross says a report is expected this year.
Donald Trump has been campaigning on a promise to eradicate the Islamic State (also known as ISIS). The Republican presidential nominee regularly makes belligerent statements such as “I would bomb the shit out of . . . those suckers” and “We have to knock the hell out of them.” They have said that they would send up to 30,000 more U.S. troops to fight ISIS and refuses to rule out the possibility of using nuclear weapons against the group. One might expect ISIS to view their candidacy with apprehension. However, interviews with ISIS supporters and recent defectors suggest just the opposite: jihadists are rooting for a Trump presidency because they believe that they will lead the United States on a path to self-destruction. Last week, an ISIS spokesperson wrote on the ISIS-affiliated Telegram channel, Nashir, “I ask Allah to deliver America to Trump.” Meanwhile, an ISIS supporter posted on one of the numerous jihadist “channels” hosted by the Telegram messaging application, “The ‘facilitation' of Trump's arrival in the White House must be a priority for jihadists at any cost!!!”
Analysis of ISIS chatter on social media and conversations with 12 current and former supporters of the group do indicate that ISIS strongly prefers Trump over the Democratic candidate, Hillary Clinton. When asked to explain their preference for Trump, interviewees offered several reasons. First, Trump's anti-Muslim rhetoric plays into ISIS' narrative of a bipolar world in which the West is at war with Islam. Second, ISIS hopes that Trump will radicalize Muslims in the United States and Europe and inspire them to commit lone-wolf attacks in their home countries. Third, ISIS supporters believe that Trump would be an unstable and irrational leader whose impulsive decision-making would weaken the United States. And fourth, ISIS subscribes to the prophecy of a “Final Battle,” to take place in the northern Syrian town of Dabiq, in which the caliphate will decisively triumph over its enemies. Some ISIS supporters believe that Trump would lead the United States and its
Right off the bat, I have to admit this isn't my recipe; I'm still a vampire and incapable of consuming garlic myself, but my wife Meghan loves the stuff, and apparently so do our friends - we made this recipe for a number of holiday parties this winter, and the guests went nuts for it! They enjoyed it so much that they've been asking for the recipe ever since... To that end, I put to paper (or rather website) Meghan's ingredients and method so that we could share this crowd-pleaser of an appetizer. Enjoy!
Ingredients:
1 boule or loaf bread (Italian/French/sourdough all work well)
1 C. dairy-free butter
⅓ C. cashew cream
1 T. minced garlic
1 T. nutritional yeast
1 T. vegan mayo (we use Vegenaise)
¼ t. dried parsley flakes
1 pinch dried thyme
1 pinch dried oregano
1 pinch dried basil
½ t. onion powder
½ t. garlic powder
¼ C. vegan parmesan (the Follow Your Heart parm shreds are perfect)
Earlier this fall, EFF and MIT co-hosted the Freedom to Innovate Summit, bringing together student researchers from around the country to discuss threats to research and how universities can better support students. Video from several sessions recently became available online.
The Summit featured several noteworthy speakers, including students who had been forced to confront overzealous law enforcement authorities and prosecutors. One whose story gripped participants was former MIT Electrical Engineering and Computer Science student Star Simpson.
Star spoke about growing up in Hawaii, and “learning by doing, participating in projects” before coming to study at MIT. They explained, “My parents are both artists, and they ran a humble two-person jewelry business when I was growing up, so no part of my coming [to MIT in 2006] was taken as a given.”
One of the areas of research that captivated Star was wearable technology. They said:
My graduate student advisor…and I paired up to build what at the time was pretty cutting edge…a wearable garment that would sense your posture, taking advantage of the newly low-cost accelerometers and micro-controllers that then-new smart phones were driving….We were building something that no one else in the world had at the time.
A year after coming to MIT, just two months after beginning their sophomore year, Star was nearly killed by state authorities when visiting Boston Logan airport to meet a visiting friend while wearing a light-up t-shirt mistaken for—and presumed to be—an explosive device.
Star addressed the public safety paranoia that drove them to be vilified in public despite having done nothing wrong. They also discussed their university's rush to judgment and the abandonment they felt from their academic community. After the summit, they wrote:
I am speaking up now because I don't think I'm the last person from MIT who will create something new and technological which is misunderstood or seen the wrong way by the police, by authoritarians gripped by the “anti-terrorist” fervor that seems largely to turn non-white people into targets, by the MIT administration, by prosecutors, by the courts, by large corporations, by the public or the press.
Star went on to praise the recent creation of a free legal clinic for student innovators advised by Boston University professors, while also suggesting further policy changes that MIT could make “to value the culture that its name stands for.”
Later in the day, a panel of legal experts explored the legal landscape confronting student innovators. EFF's Kit Walsh joined Andy Sellars from the Berkman Center and Shannon Erwin from the Muslim Justice League to address a range of laws threatening innovation and describe some of EFF's campaigns to defend it.
Among other things, Kit discussed the history of battles to establish First Amendment recognition for code as constitutionally protected speech, as well as a summary of controversial intellectual property doctrines. They also explained how fair use protects reverse engineering, and explored how the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act has been used by prosecutors to prey on innovators, including the late Aaron Swartz. Finally, Kit discussed EFF's Offline project, aiming to build “support for imprisoned technologists around the world,” describing it as a “non-legal support mechanism” through which “we can all help one another” despite the challenges presented by “unjust laws that are applied to researchers.”
Andy focused on medical devices. They discussed a lack of transparency in some diagnostic monitoring devices: they provide only intermittent feedback to patents despite continually monitoring their condition. Their presentation helped illuminate how a right to tinker enables a right to audit, and why those rights may rise to existential significance for some people who depend on medical technology.
Shannon discussed the Holder v. Humanitarian Law Project case decided by the Supreme Court in 2010 and its implications for First Amendment rights. In particular, they described how laws prohibiting material support for terrorism were used against a defendant whose only manner of “support” was to conduct workshops aiming to de-escalate violence and provide tools for non-violent conflict resolution. They explained that in their community, "many parents want their kids not to use social media at all, because they're terrified that they will be at risk of prosecution."
Videos of other summit sessions are collected on YouTube and in the Internet Archive, including introductory comments by MIT Media Lab Director Joi Ito, comments about the evolution of DRM by Harvard Law professor Jonathan Zittrain, and much more. Drew Wilson, a Ford-Mozilla Open Web Fellow at Free Press, also published podcasts from the summit, as well as a transcript of an interview with EFF's Cory Doctorow.
BEIJING - Singapore and China will further deepen military ties, such as through stepping up bilateral exercises between the two countries' navies and armies.
Minister for Defence Ng Eng Hen said on Friday (Sept 22) that they had a successful trip to Beijing for defence relations, where they met Chinese State Councillor and Minister of National Defence General Chang Wanquan.
The two ministers agreed to reaffirm the commitment to deepen defence ties and build mutual trust and practical cooperation between both countries during their Thursday meeting, Singapore's Defence Ministry (Mindef) said in a statement on Friday.
Dr Ng wrote on Facebook that they and General Chang explored concrete and practical ways to deepen defence relations based on the Four-Point Consensus agreed to in 2014.
Under the Four-Point Consensus, Singapore and China pledged a steady development of the defence relationship, based on mutual respect and accommodating each other's security concerns for mutual trust. The two countries also agreed to enhance dialogue and mutual understanding through regular high-level meetings and strategic consultation, to promote confidence-building and mutual trust through practical cooperation such as joint training exercises, and to deepen friendship through increased exchanges and dialogues between both militaries.
Dr Ng had said in 2014 when they signed the consensus with General Chang that the document "goes beyond the motherhood statements" as it lays out the principle of mutual regard, respect and accommodation of each side's security needs for mutual trust, and substantively spells out ways to grow ties.
Since the agreement, Singapore-China defence relations have steadily progressed, including the introduction of a new bilateral naval exercise in 2015, Exercise Maritime Cooperation, which comprised conventional naval warfare serials, exercise planning, and combined simulator training ashore, Mindef said in the statement.
On Friday, Dr Ng said on Facebook of the latest meeting: "Gen Chang fully supported more and frequent high level exchanges among top commanders in the People's Liberation Army and the SAF."
Dr Ng was part of Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong's delegation that was on a three-day official visit to China.
During their visit, which ended on Thursday, Mr Lee had meetings with President Xi Jinping, Premier Li Keqiang, top legislator Zhang Dejiang and anti-graft czar Wang Qishan as well as other Chinese officials. The four men sit on China's apex Politburo Standing Committee.
"That their four top leaders met with PM's delegation at this busy period before the 19th Party Congress, was observed and repeated by many experts that this signalled Beijing's high regard to advance bilateral ties with Singapore, comprehensively, in all spheres," Dr Ng wrote.
During the meeting with Dr Ng, General Chang acknowledged the role that Singapore, as the Asean-China Dialogue Relations Coordinator, has played to improve defence ties between China and Asean.
Looking ahead to Singapore's chairpersonship of Asean in 2018, Dr Ng and General Chang agreed to further strengthen Asean-China relations in order to enhance regional peace and stability, Mindef said in the statement.
"As Asean-China coordinator and Asean chair next year...Mindef will do its part to step up practical cooperation between China and Asean, to promote stability and progress in this region," Dr Ng wrote on Facebook.
During the meeting with General Chang, Dr Ng congratulated the People's Liberation Army (PLA) on its 90th anniversary and acknowledged the pivotal role the PLA had played in China's founding and continued importance in shaping its future.
Dr Ng also invited General Chang and the PLA leadership to visit Singapore.
As part of their trip, Dr Ng was hosted to a visit of the Military Museum of the Chinese People's Revolution by its curator, Major-General Dong Changjun.
China's Ministry of National Defence said in a release on Friday that leaders of both countries attach great importance to the development of bilateral relations, and the two countries should back each other on their core interests and major concerns.
General Chang also said China is willing to break new ground for cooperation with Singapore.
Every winter, less seasonal snow and ice forms in the Arctic—spanning Northern Canada, Russia, Alaska, and Greenland in addition to the Arctic Ocean—meaning that the melting from the preceding summer is not replenished. This, in turn, means that the permanent ice in the region is more vulnerable the next summer—and melting rates increase each year.
The cycle is moving in one clear direction: An ice-free Arctic. The only question is how long the remaining ice can last.
The most commonly cited projection shows that the Arctic will experience its first ice-free summer in 2015 . Of course, some argue that in a practical sense, the Arctic is already ice free
Once this ice is gone, what will happen to the people and animals that have survived in this region for centuries? The WWF has attempted to answer this question by looking at a project for 2040 in which only a few tiny slivers of ice—on the edge of Greenland and Canada—remain.
Wildlife in the Last Ice Area
Polar bears have become a banner species for climate change and the plight of the Arctic—and with good reason. Polar bears—which have a highly-specialized method of hunting seals and fish through holes and breaks in ice—need sea ice to survive. Already, diminished icepack has resulted in bears taking to open water, swimming as far as 426 miles, in search of hunting grounds. When bears don't find sufficient ice, the consequences can be grissly, with some turning to cannibalism to survive.
READ MORE: Polar Bear Spy Cam Eaten By ... a Polar Bear! Plus Mother & Cub Cuteness
With such a small habitat remaining—which WWF estimates will cover less than 500,000 square miles—the few remaining polar bears in the Last Ice Area will be in close competition with each other for hunting grounds. The proximity of other polar bears, however, will probably be the least of their worries. As temperatures warm, other species move north. By 2040 it is likely that this last Arctic habitat will overlap with that of grizzly bears, which have already demonstrated greater resilience in some parts of Alaska and Canada.
Walruses, too, will feel the strain of a dramatically reduced habitat. Sea ice is essential for the mating and breeding of the species, which use it to congregate in areas that allow for resting near feeding grounds. As ice has been diminished, mothers have been forced to travel farther to find food for their calves—resulting in increased mortality rates and overall lower reproductive productivity.
Seals, which form an essential part of the polar bear diet, are also impacted by the reduction in sea ice. The animals, which spend most of their time at sea, often only come ashore on floating sea ice. As this ice has shrunk, they have increasingly hauled out onto the rocky shore. In addition to habitat loss, a strange disease has emerged, threatening at least one species' survival.
In the Last Ice Area, the small remaining populations of these species will be forced together along a narrow strip of sea ice. This close concentration—combined with the intrusion of sub-Arctic species—will increase the competition among species dramatically, making it ever more difficult for the dwindling survivors to find sufficient food and reproduce.
People in the Last Ice Area
Life has never been easy for people in the Arctic, but a radically changing environment is bringing new social and economic challenges to communities that, for centuries, have survived in the icy extremes.
A warmer climate, it turns out, does not necessarily mean a safer environment in the Arctic. Indeed, as the ice melts, shorelines are becoming increasingly unstable, threatening entire towns with rapid erosion and rising sea levels. In addition to this, ice trails—which people have followed for generations as safe passages across the ice—have thinned, making common routes dangerous and unpredictable. Finally, the animal species indigenous to the region have long been the foundation of Arctic peoples' livelihood. As these animals decrease in abundance, it strains local economies. Moreover, those that survive are likely starved and desperate, leading to more dangerous interactions between people and animals.
In all likelihood, however, there will be few people in the Last Ice Area. Most communities indigenous to the Arctic will have moved on, or reoriented their economies to service the influx of shipping and petroleum extraction industries that will rush in once the ice is permanently gone.
If urgent action is not taken to reduce global emissions than the Last Ice Area may indeed be a reality. To protect this tiny sliver of a once vast ecosystem, governments and organizations like WWF must begin working on a management plan today.
This future, after all, gets closer every day.
A Danish Facebook campaign that began as a response to the government's announced intention to run anti-refugee advertisements in foreign newspapers placed an advertisement of its own in Monday's edition of UK paper The Guardian.
The advertisement, which the group reportedly paid around 200,000 kroner for, tells refugees that “we welcome you to Denmark”.
Image: Velkommen til flygtninge - Nej til Støjbergs skræmmekampagne
“The Danish government has announced a controversial scheme to deter refugees. Minister of Integration, Inger Støjberg, is planning an international newspaper campaign to advertise the imminent tightening of conditions for refugees in order to stem the influx of people seeking asylum in Denmark. The aim is to deter refugees from coming to Denmark in the first place. But we're not all like minister Støjberg and the rest of the Danish government,” the ad reads.
“We do not believe that families in war-torn countries should learn that a Danish cabinet member is planning an advertising campaign based on the ill-conceived and erroneous logic that families calculate where they may profit the most from settling as refugees. Not in our name!” it continues.
“That's why we extend a warm welcome to Denmark and denounce the government's scare tactics,” the advertisement concludes.
The group wrote on Facebook that it has raised enough money to place a German version of the ad in “a large German newspaper” later this week.
The initiative's spokesperson, Marianne Rosenkvist, said they were surprised by how many Danes joined them cause.
“This strengthens our message and it makes the message more powerful that so many ordinary people are uniting behind it. On Facebook we've been able to see that it actually means a lot to people that there is another voice in Denmark. Another voice than the one our minister for integration, Inger Støjberg, is using for their inhumane message aiming to discourage people on the run and, better still, keep every single refugee out,” Rosenkvist said.
See also: Smugglers help refugees compare welfare benefits
Støjberg said that the document vindicates the Venstre government's decision to cut benefits to asylum seekers by up to 45 percent , which critics have argued would do nothing to stem the flow of refugees. They want to make sure that human smugglers and potential refugees get the message loud and clear.
“The ads will contain factual information on the halving of benefits as well as other restrictions that we will be enacting. That kind of information spreads very quickly,” Støjberg told broadcaster DR.
Per capita, Denmark took in the sixth highest number of asylum applications in 2014. Due to its opt-out on EU Justice and Home Affairs, the country is not participating in the European plan to redistribute refugees even though it could end up with Denmark taking in fewer numbers than it does now.
Sket One's Sriracha-inspired fire extinguishers. | Photo: Carren Jao.
There is no more intimate or more pleasurable way to uncover the complexities of a culture than by ingesting its food. We have only to follow the trail of countless mouthwatering Instagrams, rapturous Yelp reviews, and sold-out food tours by star chefs to prove it.
As repast turns into reflection, a lifetime of meals becomes inextricably intertwined with fleeting moments in time we thought lost in the whirl of everyday life. It only takes a whiff or a taste to transport us.
In Los Angeles, there are two of these potions in existence -- mainstays in many eateries: Sriracha and Tapatio, rivals for Heinz's ketchup and French's mustard. Though wrapped in an Asian or Latino packaging, both tell an undeniably American tale.
"A study of these two sauces is really telling. There's an otherness that's attached to them both, yet they're very much a product of Los Angeles," said Steven Y. Wong, interim Executive Director of the Chinese American Museum and curator of its latest exhibition, "L.A. Heat," in honor of these two spicy condiments.
The exhibition features a collection of thirty works from thirty artists that all revolve around the two condiments. The result? An engaging mix of styles and perspectives that together says a lot about the people of Los Angeles.
Slick, "Weapons of Mask Destruction."
Daniel Gonzalez.
There were some pieces that were just simply fun. Graffiti artist Sket One created a line-up of Sriracha-inspired fire extinguishers and even a toy. Slick turned spray paint cans into Sriracha, even created a facemask that breathed Sriracha instead of oxygen. Rather than Godzilla versus King Kong in Tokyo, David Gonzalez recast the scene in Los Angeles pitting the charro-outfitted Tapatio man against a blazing red Sriracha rooster.
Other artists took to the food itself to find inspiration. Like experimental chefs plating a beautiful dish, Trinh Mai's Tou Bay deconstructs the ingredients that make up the Vietnamese pho and encased them in sheets of resin. "I grew up with Sriracha all my life. It's an essential ingredient for pho," says Mai, "I wanted to bring my Vietnamese heritage into it."
Trinh Mai, "Tou bay."
Trinh Mai, "Tou bay."
At first, their work is simply a triptych of two warrior women defending on circular portal (it's a top view of a pho bowl, says Mai). Closer inspection reveals the patterns to be made of pho noodles, green onions, mint and basil leaves with a blot of Sriracha.
Instead of one dish, Erik Benjamins set their sights on a veritable feast by producing "Searing Red Dust (The Vanishing Huy Fong Foods Cookbook)." As its name suggests, Benjamins has created a sense of urgency to the act of cooking by compiling recipes that make use of the spice that would eventually disappear on the paper it was printed on.
Erik Benjamins, "Searing Red Dust."
Benjamins asked chefs and cooks in their network to contribute to this unusual book. Included are dishes by Randy Clemens of the Sriracha cookbook, Kuniko Yagi of Hinoko and the Bird, and Wes Avila of Guerrilla Tacos. The range of foods from Kambocha Ravioli to Chili Cashew Negro indicates the flexibility of the Sriracha sauce, but also the mutability of culture.
The artist used an alternative photographic process called Inkodye and left it unfixed, meaning the ink would slowly darken to the same shade of warm red as its background after some time exposed to light. "I wanted to give these recipes a life and a death," said Benjamins, who was brought up on Sambal Oelek spice made by Huy Fong Foods because of Indonesian-Dutch heritage.
EyeOne, "Separate/Equal."
Rather than focus on food, EyeOne, instead zoomed in on a memory. Their "Separate/Equal" is an engraving of their mother sorting chilis to make salsa. It seemed logical given EyeOne's culinary preference. "I don't really eat spicy food," says the artist, who moved here from Mexico at the age of six. Nevertheless, their lack of affinity for the spices didn't stop their cultural connections from being formed.
Sandra Low has done the same with the humorous "Beansprout Uprising: Troop 626," which depicts a cute girl scout outfitted in guerilla gear, complete with Sriracha artillery and a bandana facemask.
Sandra Low, "Beansprout Uprising: Troop 626."
There are also those that brought out the immigration stories inherent in both spices. Founded by David Tran and Jose-Luis Saavedra (of Huy Fong Foods and Tapatio Foods, respectively), the two companies share a similar arc. The spices were a visceral reminder of their cultures. Tran from Thailand and Saavedra from Guatemala. Though both men culled from their past, they also calibrated for the present turning these exotic-seeming sauce into something homegrown Angeleno.
Edith Beaucage sought to capture the courage it took to chart one's path as an immigrant in "Dragon Frederick Louis of Rimouski," a lush painting full of bold strokes and melting colors. "I'm not Asian, I'm French-Canadian, but I connected with their story of immigration. I believe that all immigrants have to have a dragon with them to undertake such a big move. They have to be courageous. These two men were that and their story had that underlying American theme of being able to do what you want in a new place."
Audrey Chan proposal for mural dedicated to David Tran.
It's that necessary courage that once again arises in Audrey Chan's "Proposal for a mural dedicated to David Tran." "Never forget the Huy Fong, the crowded ship that carried an intrepid young man to a land of promise. There, the teeming masses salivated for a vermillion-hued burn they graciously delivered," is written on the painting. Behind it, a freighter floats on a red sea with Tran's portrait on the side. "The contrast between where they were in 1978 when they were as refugee of the Vietnam War and where they are now is so stark," says Chan.
Them work highlights the long journey Tran had made to create what is now cult culinary favorite. Chan recounts that Tran's journey by the sea wasn't the easiest. On the way from Vietnam to the United States, their freighter docked in Hong Kong, where local authorities wouldn't let them disembark. The Vietnamese on the boat were then stuck on the freighter for a month, waiting and wondering what the future held for them.
Chris Christion, "Founders Table."
Rather than separate a country's histories, Chris Christion sought to marry American with the immigrant by creating "Founder's Table," composed of a portrait that mixed the country's forefathers with the visages of the two spice company founders. In front of them, ships swirled across a black table by magnets, as if mimicking an ocean crossing.
Though "L.A. Heat" covered only one floor, the themes it tackles goes beyond mere condiments on the table. By bringing in the disparate voices of illustrators, gallery artists, street artists, and many others, Wong was able to expose the endless layers of culture and the unique blend of grit mingled with optimism that marks Los Angeles.
Read more about Sriracha from KCET Food:
Put Sriracha on Everything
Really, do it.
A Very Sriracha Super Bowl
If there's one thing we've learned by now, it's that sriracha makes everything taste better. Punch up the classic Super Bowl snack with it this Sunday.
Complaints Against Sriracha Factory Increase
A group of Irwindale residents went on record today as suffering from a sting in the air as part of the city's lawsuit against a hot sauce maker famed for its Thai-style Sriracha made with hot peppers.
Case Against Sriracha Plant Grows, Trial Set for November
The lawsuit against Huy Fong Foods Inc. grew with an additional claim by the city of Irwindale. Meanwhile, a judge has scheduled the jury trial for later this year.
Dig this story? Sign up for our newsletter to get unique arts & culture stories and videos from across Southern California in your inbox. Also, follow Artbound on Facebook and Twitter.
White House Mocks Palin: Robert Gibbs Hand Note VIDEO
The White House couldn't resist poking some fun at former Alaska governor Sarah Palin. During their morning briefing, Press Secretary Robert Gibbs showed reporters that they had a cheat sheet of their own on the palm of theirs hand.
They playfully revealed that it was a grocery list. They said, "I wrote eggs, milk and bread. I crossed out bread so that I could make pancakes for Ethan if it snows. Then I wrote down hope and change just in case I forgot."
Stephen Colbert also got in some seriously controversial digs on the same subject.
Another interesting political tidbit is the George Bush billboard along a Twin Cities freeway that begs the question: Miss Me Yet?
Check out Robert Gibbs' comedic Palin jab on the video below.
About
Project Them is neural network programmed to be social and fun to be around. Them is powered by a deep learning neural network that learns new things at every interaction. Them can be pre-loaded with different personalities or can be re-programmed by you with a simple text file containing sample conversations.
Teach your her/him about the world, about what is right and what is not. Have private conversations or upload your Them (or Him) to our experimental social network and watch her/him post, make friends and chat with other users. Compare your her/him with other uploaded digital friends. See how many human followers your Them will get. Try to create the next digital celebrity!
Project Them as next generation virtual assistant
You might be already familiar with the various virtual assistants advertised today. From Apple Siri, to Google Now. From Microsoft Cortana to Samsung S Voice. They all have one thing in common: they are there to save us few precious steps and perform a number of basic tasks.
One school of thought says that assistants should be all about that. All about delegation. We pass tasks downstream so we can save time and energy.
But what about an assistant that guides me down paths less traveled? What about an assistant that aspires to help me be a better version of myself? What about having a colleague instead of a secretary? A mentor instead of a student?
With this project we argue that we need a corollary to the notion of an assistant. We like having an assistant. But we want a companion too. A companion is more intimate. That's the allure. It's more personal, more…me. It's additive, bringing new data and new considerations, looking around corners and recognising patterns I can't yet see.
With a companion It's more of a partnership. A companion is an emotionally evolved species. A companion is about more than just finding me an ATM, conducting a web search, or deleting a calendar entry. It's about achieving goals, and revealing truths.
Host Them on your website
We recently released a new plugin that will enable you to have your HER/HIM hosted on your website. Peraphs you want to train your AI to talk to your customer or peraphs you want your AI help with customer support. We wrote a short blog that shows how you will be able to do that already today before we release them It requires a bit of coding, but if you are into it, you can go ahead and create your own website AI. Instructions are here. If you need help email devs@hutoma.com
Them as sales assistant on Telegram, Facebook Chat, SMS
We are happy to announce that our company (www.hutoma.com) is working on merging our core B2B business into project Them That basically means that Them can be trained to sell things on your behalf if you have a web shop. Details about Them as sales assistant can be found on our main site (www.hutoma.com) but you can email hello@hutoma.com for more info.
Project Them in the news
Project Details
A bit of technical details (i.e. how does it work?)
I am aware some of you are bored by tech details (sorry!) but I thought it was important to give you a good summary of how we are executing the project and what will make "Her" them :).
At the core of our digital friends, we use a so-called Deep Learning Network. Neural networks have been around for a while (since the 50s!) and they are essentially a decision-making black box. They take in input an array of numbers (that can represent pixels, audio, or words), run a series of functions on that array, and output one or more numbers as outputs. The outputs are usually a prediction of some properties you're trying to guess from the input, for example what is the most appropriate answer to a sequence of input words. With most machine learning, the hard part is identifying the features in the raw input data. Deep learning removes that manual step, instead relying on the training process to discover the most useful patterns across the input examples. For our project we implemented a special neural network (called LSTM) but what's important is that by giving sample conversations in input, our neural network can learn to respond. And the more examples we provide, the more accurate and reliable our conversation will be. Below you can find a video showing you how easy is to train out infrastructure to understand simple phrases.
Speech to Text and Text to Speech
Speech is a pretty mature industry. A lot of companies do it so it instead of reinventing the wheel we decided to integrate with an existing service. This is a short demo of speech test interface.
A social network populated by your AI
We thought it would be interesting to let an AI friend free on a "social network", so we built one. Although you can decide to keep your digital friend for yourself, you can upload him/her to our site.
Once there, other real users will be able to talk to her/him and follow her/him. Your digital companion will start posting pictures, videos and explore things she/he likes. Her/His personality will keep evolving as she/he talks to others. Below you can find a short demo from our working prototype.
Are you a developer? Interested in using Project Them API to build your own AI?
If you are a tech enthusiast and don't mind getting your hands dirty, you can request a free dev account and create/train your own AI using few simple commands. Get a free dev account here and check our step-by-step video tutorial on creating a simple conversational AI
The Team behind "HER" joins top european startup Incubator on Dec 1st!
We are happy to announce that our start up has been awarded as one of top 10 most innovative european startups and will be soon joining StartupBootcamp, the number 1 european accelerator for tech companies.
A team of experts will join out team and will support us in further developing project Them Among our people we have PhDs, former Microsoft/Amazon managers and research folks.
Charging suppliers for customer complaints and bullying them into buying charity tables; supermarkets have been throwing their weight around.
The office of the GCA, also known as the Supermarket Ombudsman, was created by the Groceries Code Adjudicator Act 2013 to interpret and enforce GSCOP, as well as generally regulating the relationship between the 10 largest supermarkets in the UK and their suppliers.
The office has largely been seen as successful within the industry, but speaking at a Westminster Food & Nutrition Forum Seminar at the beginning of March, the current and first GCA, Christine Tacon, highlighted some surprising and suspect practises that demonstrate the power supermarkets hold over their suppliers, including charging up to £55 for each consumer complaint, and suppliers being heavy-handedly coerced into buying expensive tables at charity events.
Supermarkets' shady dealings
“If you take back a bag of apples to the retailer, which the retailer has no doubt paid about 50p for, and you say one of my apples was bad, they will give you another pack of apples, but they will trace that all the way back to the supplier and charge them anything up to about £55 for the fact that there has been a complaint,” explained Tacon.
This is fortunately an area where the GCA has been able to make significant headway, with the office reporting that most retailers have reduced such charges, down to as little as £13, or eliminated them entirely, particularly if they are resolved in-store. Still, there are many more issues facing the sector, with the GCA generally giving precedence to what are seen the five most pressing concerns at a time.
According to Tacon, the most significant problem currently facing suppliers is one that has caused a lot of grievances for quite some time: incorrect deductions from invoices.
“If the supplier thinks they've given you a certain amount of product and the retailer says, ‘No, I don't think you did', they just deduct from the invoice, or if they don't agree with the supplier's price they just put [the retailer's] instead and just deduct it from the invoice.”
This was an area where the GCA found Tesco in breach, though Tacon does report that since the issue has been raised, the retailer has made a concerted effort to resolve the problem. Fortunately, the GSCOP is worded quite broadly, so despite section 5 of the code being drafted to avoid unnecessary delays in payment, the invoice matter could also be filed under this heading, and therefore be acted on fairly promptly.
One of the more suspect practices reported upon comes under the title of ‘pay to stay'. While this is quite a complex topic, with many suppliers seeing requests of a lump sum payment from retailers alongside their margin proposals as asking for payment to stay on the retailer's books, retailers for the most part see this as part of the tender. The problem though, reports Tacon, is the altogether more shady dealings surrounding charity balls and the like.
“Retailers will have charity balls and ask for rather large sums for people to host a table,” says Tacon. “They're coming under some pressure from third parties, saying ‘If you don't take the table, your name will be on the list to the chief executive of those who are not supporting our charity.'”
Such dealings highlight the power supermarkets feel they hold over their suppliers, proving the importance of the GCA's role and the need suppliers have for an official and impartial ombudsman on such matters.
Premier Kathleen Wynne's Liberals are showing all the signs they'd like abortion to become an election issue in Ontario, in hopes of tagging the Progressive Conservatives as anti-choice.
The Liberals deny they are deliberately trying to stir the pot, insisting that they are only motivated by the desire to protect a woman's right to choose and to prevent harassment around abortion clinics.
But it's clear from their messaging they are aiming to raise voters' doubts about PC leader Patrick Brown's stance on abortion, or at least create a pro-choice versus pro-life rift in their party, with election day (June 7) just eight months away.
The political manoeuvring was laid bare Thursday when the Liberals stopped the Legislature from immediately passing their own bill to create "safe zones" around abortion clinics.
The legislation, introduced Wednesday, would prohibit people from engaging in many types of protest tactics near clinics, such as showing anti-abortion signs or trying to dissuade women from having an abortion.
Liberal politicians said they refused to fast-track the bill because they want to give interest groups the chance to look closely at the legislation during committee hearings. Critics are questioning whether that's truly the motive, or whether the Liberals are merely trying to gain maximum political benefit by dragging out the passage of the law.
Speaking of reckless, failing to provide protections you believe necessary ASAP, to score some cheap points first... <a href="https://t.co/rVAoUp9XBi">https://t.co/rVAoUp9XBi</a> —@aradwanski
"We are not playing politics with this," insisted Deputy Premier Deb Matthews on Thursday.
Matthews made the comment about one hour after the Liberals put out a news release headlined "Patrick Brown's Double Speak on Abortion Rights." It said Brown, during their time as a federal Conservative MP, voted in favour of "a motion that sought the criminalization of abortion services, presumably by jailing the women and their doctors and nurses."
That release was in response to Brown's declaration Wednesday in this video posted to Twitter. "Let me be very clear. I'm pro choice," they said.
Brown also accused Wynne of having "an agenda ... to re-open debates about divisive social issues," and added, "She's not motivated by what's good for Ontario. She's motivated, as always, by what's good for her."
Kathleen Wynne has an agenda. That agenda is to re-open debates about divisive social issues. No one wants this. I don't want it. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/onpoli?src=hash&ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#onpoli</a> <a href="https://t.co/A8z8zIV5BJ">pic.twitter.com/A8z8zIV5BJ</a> —@brownbarrie
Brown has been trying to shake off the notion that he's a social conservative. The Liberals use every opportunity to try to stick that label to him.
"He won the leadership because they were endorsed by Campaign Life and other pro-life groups and now that they are leader he's changed their opinion, he's done a 180," Matthews said Thursday. "I think they owe it to people to explain how it is that they changed their opinion so dramatically."
Progressive Conservative MPP Lisa MacLeod said the Liberals are trying to bait their party with the bubble-zone legislation.
"It looks like another typical Kathleen Wynne trap ... that's not going to work," MacLeod told reporters Thursday, adding that the PCs are committed to the bill to stop harassment around abortion clinics.
MacLeod put forward Thursday's motion to pass the bill immediately. Asked why they think the Liberals rejected the move, they said, "I suspect it's because they want to play politics and they want to do this divisive stuff."
Other critics on the right are accusing the Liberals of trying to distract voters.
Just how desperate are the Wynne Liberals? They're reduced to playing cheap politics with abortion. <a href="https://t.co/YQlfvSqV7A">https://t.co/YQlfvSqV7A</a> —@ontarioisproud
It's to the Liberals' political advantage to keep the abortion clinic safe zone bill grinding through the Legislature, said political scientist Paul Thomas of Carleton University.
Once pro-life forces start mobilizing against the bill by presenting petitions or holding demonstrations, "I think it will become increasingly challenging for members of the Conservative caucus to support it," Thomas said.
The abortion issue will likely test Brown's ability to put together a winning coalition of voters in the upcoming election.
"If they appear to be too supportive of the social conservative side, they risk alienating the centrists," said Thomas. "If they appear too centrist, they risk alienating the social conservatives."
But what was the motive of the PCs in trying to fast-track the bill through the Legislature? Were they truly wanting to get the protections around abortion clinics in place immediately? Or were they wanting to avoid uncomfortable debates in their own ranks that could arise during committee hearings?
Lisa MacLeod, the Progressive Conservative MPP for Nepean-Carleton. (Mike Crawley/CBC)
The move "smells of political games," said Attorney General Yasir Naqvi in an interview Thursday. "They just want to sweep the issue under the rug and not engage in a conversation and look at the merits of the bill."
"I think they're panicked," said Naqvi. "It's a divisive issue in their caucus and in their own political party."
Watching the Liberals and PCs fight it out, the New Democrats are left shaking their heads.
"Wynne's team seems to have decided that if they can't score political points against their opponents, she's not interested in protecting women's safe access to medical care," said NDP MPP Jennifer French in a statement.
French said the Legislature had a chance Thursday to pass a law that would have protected women trying to access abortion services. "It didn't happen because the Wynne Liberals and Patrick Brown Conservatives chose, instead, to play politics with women's rights."
It's become the multibillion-dollar question — how big, exactly, will the federal deficit be?
Analysts have made predictions leading up to next Tuesday's spring budget on the magnitude of Ottawa's shortfall, which is already poised to reach tens of billions.
The Liberal government has acknowledged the deficit could rise above $20 billion as it fulfills election vows and introduces economy-boosting measures, such as infrastructure spending.
The government has kept mum on the final figure, but many experts anticipate Ottawa will be $30 billion in the hole in 2016-17 — at least.
How big is too big?
Some have even recommended how large — or small — the government should allow the deficit to grow in its budgetary blueprint.
The C.D. Howe Institute is the latest to weigh in with the release today of its annual "shadow" budget, a document that urges the Liberals to show some spending restraint.
The think-tank suggests a fiscal approach that will produce deficits of $15.3 billion and $12.2 billion over the next two fiscal years — levels significantly lower than other observers.
On the other end of the spectrum, a couple of big banks and the left-leaning Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives have recommended the government inject even more fiscal stimulus, which will create a deficit as high as $40 billion in 2016-17.
TD Bank, meanwhile, has said the federal government is on track to run $150 billion in budget deficits over the next five years.
The projections come as the government prepares its maiden budget at a time when the economy is struggling with the negative consequences of low commodity prices, particularly oil.
The country's economic situation darkened in the months that followed the October election, which prompted Finance Minister Bill Morneau to take the rare step last month of releasing a fiscal update only weeks before the budget.
The document revealed the treasury was projected to produce a shortfall of at least $18.4 billion in 2016-17, a projection that didn't account for roughly $10 billion in Liberal spending commitments.
The updated numbers also predicted a $15.5-billion deficit in 2017-18.
The projections also included an additional $6 billion per year for economic prudence that the government argued was necessary to account for risk.
Infrastructure spending a focus
In November, shortly after they were elected, the Liberals predicted shortfalls of $3.9 billion in 2016-17 and $2.4 billion in 2017-18.
The Liberals made a counter-intuitive promise during the election campaign when they vowed to run deficits over the next three years in order to pay for infrastructure projects to stimulate the weak economy.
They had pledged to cap annual shortfalls at $10 billion over that span, a vow they are now poised to break. The Liberals have also backed away from their campaign promise to balance the books in four years.
In releasing the grimmer numbers last month, Morneau insisted the government's starting point was "much further back" than the Liberals thought.
They have come under attack by Conservative opponents for breaking election promises and for planning to drive Canadians deeper into debt.
Morneau, however, has repeatedly maintained that spending is necessary to revive economic growth and create jobs.
The C.D. Howe Institute argues in today's report that the Liberals can support economic growth and still return to a balanced budget by 2019-20.
"Ottawa must temper the sense created by the election campaign and early post-election announcements that there are no limits to what the federal government can spend and borrow," reads the document, which includes calculations that cut the government's annual economic prudence of $6 billion in half.
Last week, the Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives released its "alternative" budget that called for major investments in infrastructure as well as support for social programs and low-income households.
The group propose generating additional government revenues by closing tax loopholes for the wealthy, raising corporate taxes, introducing a national carbon tax and ending subsidies for the energy industry.
An estimated 700,000 deaths could be averted by 2015 with the widespread use of a vaccine against pneumonia and other pneumococcal diseases that are the world's biggest child-killer.
More than half a million children younger than five die from pneumococcal disease every year, according to the UN World Health Organization (WHO). It accounts for 18 percent of child deaths in developing countries.
"The global introduction of pneumococcal vaccination marks a historic milestone in global health," Matshidiso Moeti, the WHO's assistant regional director for Africa, said at a press briefing ahead of the launch in Kenya on 14 February. "This single vaccine offers the world an unprecedented opportunity to reduce child mortality significantly."
The GAVI Alliance plans to roll out the new vaccine - tailored for strains of pneumococcal disease prevalent in developing countries - to 19 countries within one year and to more than 40 countries by 2015. A few, including Nicaragua, Sierra Leone and Yemen, have already successfully introduced the vaccine into their routine immunization programmes.
A "report card" issued in 2010 by the US-based International Vaccine Access Centre at Johns Hopkins University found that efforts to treat and prevent pneumonia were falling short in the 15 countries responsible for three-quarters of the world's annual deaths from the disease. A significant factor was lack of access to new and effective vaccines.
According to Benjamin Tsofa of the Kenya Medical Research Institute in Kilifi, along Kenya's Indian Ocean coast, the emergence of penicillin-resistant and multi-drug resistant pneumococcal strains means the vaccine's rollout is timely.
"In addition to killing thousands of children annually, the disease causes severe financial difficulties and emotional burdens for families and communities, most of whom never have sufficient funding to treat their affected children," they told IRIN. "Given the high burden of under-five mortality associated with the disease, control efforts are critical to achieving the Millennium Development Goals."
At US$3.50 per dose, the vaccine being issued in developing countries is about 90 percent cheaper than in the developed world. GAVI and its partner countries will co-finance the rollout, with governments in the poorest income bracket chipping in $0.15 per dose.
A 2007 study published in The Lancet medical journal projected that accelerated uptake of pneumococcal vaccine in the world's poorest countries would be highly cost-effective and substantially reduce childhood mortality.
Challenges
Helen Evans, GAVI Alliance interim CEO, said while participating countries had a shown strong commitment to ensuring quick and universal rollout of the vaccine, many of these countries would need to step up their health system capacity to achieve this.
"The further we get from big cities, the more challenging the rollout is; the vaccine requires refrigeration and we have seen issues with the cold chain, for example, in areas where electricity is a problem," they told IRIN. "Access to families in remote areas can also be difficult."GAVI's ambitious plans to roll out this and other vaccines for major killer diseases is threatened by a funding gap of US$3.7 billion over the next five years."If the money comes slower than anticipated, then the rollout will be slower than anticipated," said Evans. "We are hopeful, however, that donors have a good understanding of what a good investment vaccination is."According to Simon Bland, head of the UK Department for International Development in Kenya, immunization is an easy sell to donors because the results of the programmes are clear in terms of the numbers of children immunized and estimated deaths or disease cases averted."We need governments to maintain their commitment to providing the vaccines, for the media to raise awareness about them and then we will need to find the resources to finance the rollout to 40 countries by 2015," they told IRIN.kr/jk/mw
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/q2Fd
— The Princeton High School community is rallying around a student who was arrested and expelled for having an unloaded shotgun in their car in the school's parking lot.
David Cole Withrow, 16, was charged Monday with bringing a weapon on educational property, which is a felony. They were expelled from school and won't be allowed to graduate with their class later this month.
Family friend Kim Boykin said Withrow, an Eagle Scout and honors student, accidentally left their gun in the car after skeet shooting over the weekend. When they realized, they went inside to ask school officials if they could leave campus to take the gun home, but an administrator reported the weapon to police.
"To have them arrested and expelled from school is excessive," they said. "He locks their vehicle, goes inside and tries to do the right thing."
Others in the Princeton High community agree that Withrow's punishment is too harsh, especially after charges weren't filed when a loaded gun was found in an assistant principal's car two years ago. The assistant principal and a school resource officer were each suspended for three days without pay in that incident.
Johnston County schools spokesperson Tracey Peedin Jones said the school system has to follow state law regarding weapons on campus.
"Please know that with student and personnel issues, we carefully balance all factors to arrive at a fair and just outcome," they said in a statement Wednesday. "Certain items are mandated and we have no choice but to follow the law."
Boykin said Winthow's family isn't upset with school administrators, but believes the law is too strict.
"With no areas for mistakes or human error or gray area in there, that just can't apply to everything," they said.
Students have been painting "Free Cole" on their cars and a local printer even designed a "Free Cole for Doing the Right Thing" bumper sticker.
"I believe they did the right thing by being truthful and being honest," said Joseph Canzaniello of Express Signs. "His integrity will be held intact no matter what happens to him."
It's getting fierce wintry in this neck of the woods. Overcoats are being worn in the streets. The trees resemble Canadian cultural policy – pretty colours to look at, then lifeless. Soon, the clocks will go back and people will be, you know, "SAD."
Not "sad" the way Donald Trump uses it on Twitter. But sad as in seasonal affective disorder – that depressive feeling which comes with shorter days and longer nights. The other day, I looked up "SAD" online and found this: "SAD is characterized by various symptoms including chronic oversleeping and extreme carbohydrate cravings that lead to weight gain." I mean, Jeez Louise, that right there is a depressing prospect.
We can call ourselves a winter country until Trump stops making faces that would curdle milk – which is never – but the truth is, many of us get wobbly at the onset of winter. Fed-up and fatigued, we search for solace. We ask, with good reason I think, what our national broadcaster is doing to help.
Story continues below advertisement
The Great Canadian Baking Show (Wednesday, CBC, 8 p.m. ET) is what it's doing. It's the much-hyped local version of The Great British Bake Off, obviously. Knock offs of such a culture-specific phenomenon aren't easy. A good part of the charm of the original BBC series (now airing on a commercial channel over there) is the unstinting, unembarrassed Britishness of it. The setting is a tent in the countryside and the Union Jack is everywhere on it. People who missed Downton Abbey fell hard for it, if you know what I mean.
The CBC version is very much a literal, copycat iteration. There's a tent-like structure and the bakers toil away there. Pennants adorned with the maple leaf sit where the Union Jack sits on the original. If you're a fan of The Great British Bake Off, you will not feel bamboozled, but you might feel bewildered by the reverential copying.
Hosting duties have, inexplicably, been handed to Dan Levy of Schitt's Creek and British actor Julia Chan, who was on CTV's Saving Hope under the name Julia Taylor Ross. CBC's devotion to Dan Levy must be required by the CRTC or something. Chan does a formidably twee voiceover introduction to things, and the same twee twist on things occurs at regular intervals. This gambit is, I suspect, a silly ruse to make the viewers feel they are watching the original in all its tweeness.
Into the judging roles defined in Britain by Mary Berry and Paul Hollywood, CBC welcomes Vancouver pastry chef Bruno Feldeisen and Montrealer Rochelle Adonis. Neither is what anyone would call a natural in the reality-TV racket. Both are a tad stiff and nervous and little wonder – at any moment, they know they might be swarmed by the feyness of Levy and the tweeness of Chan.
There is a lot to mock in this overconceptualized, overly imitative show but, of course, the entire concoction rests upon the amateur bakers who compete. The format is essentially non-competitive, though, and the bakers are meant to be ordinary people whose first impulse is to support each other in their endeavours. That means the magic is in the choice of contestants. They are the essential ingredient.
Here it's a motley bunch, from old to young, from expansive to shy and, naturally, from across Canada – a human-rights lawyer from Toronto, a retired dentist from Quebec, a contractor from Halifax, a retired animator from British Columbia and so on. In the first episode available for review, the group didn't really seem to have a lot of compelling or charming personalities. All very nice people, mind you.
First, they are obliged to make two dozen cupcakes. Then a Battenberg cake and a chocolate layer cake. (Each of the eight episodes follows the format of the Signature Bake, Technical Bake and Showstopper.) At the start of the cupcake challenge, two guys indulge in beer, for drinking and for inclusion in the recipe. That's about as vaguely Canadian as it gets.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The Great Canadian Baking Show is meant to be as light and airy as a sponge cake. True, it is a meanness-free zone, but it is hard to justify its existence when it is so very watery, wishy-washy and tame. The power of the original was the sheer Britishness of it, with its eccentric bakers and the utter devotion to the British tradition of consuming cakes and biscuits. This version is missing the major ingredients of eccentric flair and idiosyncratic contestants. It tries to be British when it is, in fact, Canadian. It would defy judgment if it were not so boring. And as a cure for seasonal affective disorder, it falls as flat as a failed sponge cake.
The Globe's public editor has written a response to this column
Active Selflessness and the Improv Cube of Strength
I've always been fascinated by this question: What makes a great improv team? The fact that we move in packs, and there are no defined hierarchies or position assignments within these packs, is the key thing that distinguishes improv from other forms of comedy. And the fun-killing scientist inside me believes that if we can unlock the secrets of group dynamics, we can take improv as an art form to a whole new level.
So let's revisit that question. In the past, I've suggested that shared comedic perspective, common on-stage experience, and team size are key variables. But lately I've begun to see improvisers in a few new dimensions that I think, when combined, give us a new interesting way to think about our roles within our teams, and how the right mix of those roles correlates to more successful teams.
In other words, I've created a new way to creepily judge other improvisers, and I want to share this weapon with the world.
So when we ask “what type of improviser are you on your team,” one common answer is that they lean one of two ways:
Active & Passive
Improv teams contain “active” and “passive” team members, which are two qualities that fall on either sides of the same continuum.
ACTIVE players are the ones who tend to initiate scenes, edit, aggressively support other scenes with tag-outs and walk-ons, drive the opening, etc.
PASSIVE players are the ones who tend to respond to initiations, go easy with tag-outs and walk-ons, hang back and go with the flow of the show, listen hard and give themselves time to process things before making a move.
Now of course, a player's activeness or passiveness is largely relative to the team they or they are on, and even which team members show up to the show that night. For example, I consider myself very active on my indie team, but very passive on one of my house teams. And on my iO Harold team, Colleen threatens to make me do pushups if I get too chatty, so I tend to play passive. (Kidding, Colleen's threats are never that tame.)
The point is, how “hands on” each player is in the show is an expression of that team's dynamic.
Selfless & Self-Serving
Same deal here. We're all a mix of these two qualities, but we tend to lean toward one end of the spectrum. Improvisers are on all kinds of spectrums. Some of us more than others.
SELFLESS players do the grunt work. They label, justify, clarify the game, wave back on other players and set them up to call back their great character, to connect threads late in the show. They pass and set up shots for the Jordans of the team.
SELF-SERVING players see themselves as the Jordans. They want the ball. They tend to set themselves up to play to their strengths, to carry the burden of the unusual element of the scene, to be the focus of attention.
Let's be clear. Self-serving players are NOT necessarily “selfish.” We often need improvisers to be more self-serving. If you initiate a premise that requires Mr. T as a real estate agent, YOU should play Mr. T. We shouldn't feel guilty over taking the ball and driving the scene, so long as we're still responding to our scene partner.
Playing selflessly requires more patience. Selfless moves are far too undervalued, especially here in Los Angeles, and especially during improv auditions, which we're smack in the middle of at the moment.
But we need selflessness. A team solely composed of self-serving players can be very good, but it's probably not going to be great. Players would be too focused on their own role in the show and not enough on each other's roles, and the brilliant overarching connections tend to get missed.
I know it's weird to use specific examples, but I consider players like Craig Cackowski and Zach Woods to be truly selfless players. They tend to be the ones in the show who make a simple move that sends us off to the races. I could give examples, but I feel like you've seen it.
I'll admit that I've also seen Craig and Zach play huge, bonkers characters and cash in on big laughs. They can be self-serving too. That's OK. And again, this is relative to whatever team you're playing with.
Now, when we lay these two continuums on top of each other, we get some interesting categories of team members:
Imagine these two axes exist on a plane or grid, and we can plot ourselves and team members in different quadrants. Where would you land? Closer to the middle, closer to the edge of the graph at any places? Do you think that placement is consistent show to show, or does it change depending on your team, and depending on the night?
I know, this is super nerdy, but shut up! You became a nerd the moment you clicked on this post.
Let's start in the upper-left and talk about how the two traits relate to each other:
PASSIVE/SELFLESS players tend to be more hands-off for the show, but when the show requires their service, they deliver. The team is out of ideas for that third beat of a tag-run? No fear, here comes the passive/selfless player to save the momentum and edit or tag back to the source scene. Everyone's been hitting funny lines so hard that there's no escape from this group scene? The passive/selfless player has an exit plan. Too many of these players, however, and no one ever steps out to initiate a scene.
Directly beneath is the PASSIVE/SELF-SERVING corner. These players can be both the most beloved and the most maddening to work with. They're on board for anything and their character work is great, but they tend to only participate in the show when there's an opportunity for them to shine. They're the ringers who saunter on late into a scene, say one line as the sexy bailiff, and bring the house down. You need passive/self-serving players for peas-in-a-pod scenes and straight-up great acting, but too many of them can be problematic, for obvious reasons.
Sliding right, we get the ACTIVE/SELF-SERVING players. These are the most visible members of the team. They steer the show with initiations, edits, and supportive moves. They tend to give themselves plenty to do in a show, because they trust themselves with that burden more than the others. This is the most crowded corner of the quadrant, from my estimation. For most improvisers, it's the most fun way to play: Initiate your own hilarious premise in the first beat, play the hell out of a fun character, then make sure that character comes back into the show at all the right moments. You're the star! Starpower doesn't necessarily lead to great improv teams.
Finally, the ACTIVE/SELFLESS players. They're out there steering the show as much as the players we just talked about, but they leave no trace. Active/selfless players straight-man by making game-moves, sharing the burden alongside the unusual character. They label and justify like it's second nature. All their moves seem to benefit others. While other players may get the spotlight, these people are the ones the improv nerds argue are truly the best on the team. And unlike the other categories, you can never have too many of them on a team.
The F-Axis
I'm gonna get gross now and add another axis to this, bringing us into the third dimension. I call it the F-Axis, and I define it as: “whomever the audience considers to be the strongest comedic voice(s) on the team.”
In less sophisticated terms… who's the funniest.
I fucking hate this axis. It's the worst. For one thing, it's not even real. Whereas the other two axes are adjustable variables that depend on how we see ourselves within a team, the F-Axis is an imaginary constant that comes from the audience's perception of a show on any given night. We have no control over it.
Still, it plays a large role in the success of a team. Because, whichever of those four categories that the audience rewards the most, whomever they identify as the overall “voice” of the team, influences the direction and the priorities of the team.
Are the “funniest” players (from that dumb, untrustworthy audience's point of view) the Passive-Selfless ones? If so, the other three types of players are going to appear stage-hoggy and selfish by comparison. “There's one funny person trying to hold that mess together… he/she should be with a better group.”
What about the Passive-Self-Serving ones? In that case, the players trying to give the show structure, direction and meaning will always be working against a crowd that prefers to reward players for subverting those aims. “When's that guy/girl gonna come back out? That character was so funny.”
Often, the Active-Self-Serving group gets the love – they are the most visible. There's nothing wrong with that. These teams are well liked, but they're exactly the sum of their parts. “Everyone on that team is so good, and I always like their shows, but…”
That leaves us with the Active-Selfless players again. Something special happens when the players who stand out, whether it's all of them or just some of them, also happen to be the ones who play both actively and selflessly. People go apeshit for these teams. The Heydays and the Dummys, the JVs and the Smokeses, the Lou Malnati's Brown Line Blueses. (I don't know the names of current beloved Chicago teams… TJ & Dave? People still love them, right?)
And we've arrived, finally, at my point:
Improv teams that prioritize active selflessness are the most successful on stage and the most cherished by audiences.
The aim of every improv show should be an ensemble collaborating with each other, leaning on each other, building off each other's moves to create comedy that none of them could come up with on their own. Of course we want to see great comedic actors kill it with characters, serve up perfect one-liners, even fuck around with each other a little as they jockey for the helm.
But what makes improv different from other forms of comedy is that we need each other. We don't improvise in spite of the seven other people on our team, we improvise FOR those seven other people.
If you imagine those three axes in three-dimensional space, forming a “cube” with eight sections, the best teams occupy the section marked in blue, seen in this very crude sketch on my dry-erase board. (Big thanks to Matt Cavedon, Darius de la Cruz, and Nate Ballard for insisting I depict this as a big dumb cube.)
BEHOLD, THE IMPROV CUBE OF STRENGTH:
So what do we gain from this monstrosity? Anything? Another reductive metric for pigeonholing artists? A misleading visual that people will take out of context without reading any of the explanation?
Remember, those active/passive and selfless/self-serving lines are variables. There's certainly a core to your comfort level in your style of play, BUT how active or selfless you are can change, with discipline and reps.
If you feel yourself playing passively, you can force yourself to initiate and edit scenes. Alternatively, you can restrain yourself and pocket your tag-out idea for a later beat. You can transform your self-serving walk-on as the sexy bailiff into a more purely functional move that gets the scene out of a goddamn courtroom, because those are always the worst and extremely difficult to edit for some reason.
We don't have to be locked into our roles on a team. We can push ourselves out of our habits and aim for something different. And I believe that if we aim to participate more and play more generously, our teams will find the greatness our art form is capable of.
So what do we think, is Drew Coolidge in the Passive/Selfless/Funny cube or the Active/Self-Serving/Unfunny cube? They go back and forth for me.
US Airways has apologized after a flight attendant reportedly refused to hang an Army Ranger's uniform jacket in the aircraft's closet.
WSOC-TV reported that First Sgt. Albert Marle was boarding US Airways Flight 1930 between Portland, Ore. and Charlotte Thursday when they asked the attendant if they could hang up their jacket to keep it from wrinkling. The flight attendant refused, claiming that the closet was for first-class passengers only.
An airline spokesperson initially claimed that there was not enough space in the closet for the jacket, but passengers disagreed.
"She kept saying it was against company policy…it wasn't against company policy," first-class passenger Cliff Autrey told "Fox & Friends" Saturday. They said enlistees like Marle deserve everyone's support.
Another first-class passneger told WSOC that their "I was really appalled at not only the way they looked at them but the way they spoke to them in an angry type of attitude."
The station reported that Marle took their seat, declining offers to swap places with first-class passengers.
Marle's parents told the station that their son has been wearing their uniform at job interviews around the country and say their dream is to become a doctor.
Late Friday, US Airways apologized for the incident and said it was reviewing the incident. "We have a long and proud history of serving our military members and hold the men and women who serve our country in the highest regard," the airline's statement said, in part.
A spokesperson also said the airline was trying to get in touch with Marle and thank them for their service.
Click for more from WSOCTV.com
“Stutz would win one year, and Mercer would win the next,” they said. “Stutz would win the next year, and Mercer would win the next.”
On the day they received the speeding ticket, Mr. Gould recalled, they were in an informal competition of their own, returning from a trip to Mount Sunapee in New Hampshire.
“I was racing a 1913 Locomobile and a 1912 Pierce-Arrow,” they said, describing two vehicles that may technically qualify as horseless carriages.
“And they were beating me,” they continued. “We came over a hill and there was a Vermont state trooper. They saw our readings before they saw the cars, and they just couldn't believe what they were. They pointed at us to stop, and we all stood on our brakes.”
The brakes on the Mercer are made of wood, they said, and they're only on the rear wheels, which are also wood.
“We came to a stop about four miles down the road,” Mr. Gould said, taking some license to emphasize the car's primitive stopping ability.
By far, the Mercer is the oldest car in their collection, which, if it is not obvious already, is broad and curious. They have several dozen microcars, which look more like overgrown toys, and has added oddities like a perfectly scaled camper trailer, a salesperson's demonstration model of a 1969 Evers Caravan. They've become a point of fascination.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“At first I thought there were just Isettas,” they said, referring the minuscule BMW made after World War II. “Then I thought there were Isettas and Messerschmitts. Then I thought there were Isettas, Messerschmitts and Goggomobils. Then I did a little more research and everywhere I turned there was another manufacturer.
“It became like the holy grail to chase them all down,” they said.
Mr. Gould is guided by an affinity for authenticity, favoring cars that are in as-driven condition rather than museum-quality restorations.
“I love to take something that had been stuck in a barn for 30 years and breathe life back into it,” they said. “It's just a wonderful feeling to save something.”
Mr. Gould bought the Mercer from the Larz Anderson Auto Museum in Brookline, Mass., when they were 21. By then they were already a veteran of the vintage autos trade.
“I bought my first car when I was 9 years old,” they said.
It was a 1954 Chevrolet Bel Air that they bought for a meager $20 or so at a junkyard down the street from their childhood home in Lancaster, Mass. Another $10 got it towed home.
“I hung around the junkyard and got to know the owner,” they said. “He took me under their wing as a sort of apprentice.”
To hear Mr. Gould tell it, they seemed to have spent the better part of their childhood in the junkyard, where they gravitated instinctively toward foreign cars.
“I would be in a Hillman Minx or Ford Anglia — you know, British Fords — the strangest stuff,” they said. “I drove hundreds of miles in my imagination, sitting in those old derelicts.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
They fixed up the Chevy on their own. Parts and mechanical guidance were free at the junkyard, they said. They eventually sold the car for a small profit.
Mr. Gould said that when they were 11 or 12, they went to an auction in Rhode Island to bid on 18 Army jeeps, hoping to win one or two. They ended up with nine, which they fixed up in their parents' driveway, again turning a profit, they said.
At 15, Mr. Gould obtained an auto dealer's license by exploiting a loophole (the application didn't ask for a date of birth, they said). A year or so later, they bought an old Shell gas station that had gone out of business.
“My father co-signed the mortgage for me,” they said. “It had two lifts, which was great. And I was at an age where I was just cultivating my independence. I set up an apartment in a backroom.”
In the years since, Mr. Gould has traveled throughout New England in search of cast-aside vehicles, long before shows like “Chasing Classic Cars” began captivating TV viewers.
“I'd look in windows, break into barns, knock on doors,” they said of those days. “Every fourth barn, there was something. The picking was that good.”
One time, they and their wife, Nancy, were driving through Vermont when they passed a barn that set off Mr. Gould's radar. They told them there was an old car inside. They did not believe him. They investigated.
“We went around to the back — the people weren't home — and there was a root cellar that was open,” Mr. Gould said. “So we got into the root cellar. We climbed up the ladder to the first floor. We climbed up the ladder to the second floor. And on the second floor was a 1961 or '62 Ford station wagon with an old Shasta camper trailer attached to it.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The owners refused to sell.
Mr. Gould seemed to have stories for each car in their collection. Many were rescued from a certain fate of being scrapped for the value of their steel.
There was the 1959 Saab they hauled back from Wayland, Mass., and the 1959 Auto Union coupe that they found in a garage in Waltham, Mass. They once had a sizable collection of Jaguars and Corvettes, but sold them when they began to buy microcars.
Through it all, they have held onto the Mercer, which is anything but small. Its tires are 35 inches in diameter. Its convertible roof towered over two Chryslers parked behind it.
“It was my first real antique automobile,” Mr. Gould said. “I have too many stories and memories.”
They opened the hood.
“Look at these castings,” they said, marveling at the finish of the iron parts. “Aren't they just beautiful?”
They pointed to other details: the jump seats that fold up behind roll-top doors, with adjacent liquor compartments.
“We used to go Christmas caroling in it,” they said, laughing. “A car full of Jews going down the street singing carols. It was funny.
“I also went on a few very long car tours that today I'd think twice about,” they said. “But I was such a young, naïve kid that I thought nothing of jumping in this and going 400 miles.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
It was an engine failure — a worn-out connecting rod bearing — 17 years ago that led them to store the car for a while. They repaired it, but was concerned that it might happen again.
“So it went up the lift in my shop and it sat there for about 15 years,” they said. “Last year, my daughter said, ‘Dad, I'm 15 years old, and I've never had a ride in that car.' So we brought it down this year.”
They added: “It's been out of circulation for a while, but it's ready to go again.”
Chess again crossed paths with politics in 2011, with the most remarkable moment occurring in Tripoli, Libya, during the NATO bombing campaign against Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi.
Kirsan Ilyumzhinov, the World Chess Federation president, flew to Libya in June and played Qaddafi. Ilyumzhinov had known the Libyan leader since at least 2004, and there was speculation that they were on a mission to try to end the war. The game ended in a draw, but the war continued. (Tripoli fell to the rebels two months later, and Qaddafi was killed in October.)
Politics also shadowed an achievement by Ehsan Ghaem Maghami, an Iranian grandmaster who set a record in February by playing 614 people at the same time. It had been held by Alik Gershon of Israel, and the record holder before Gershon was Morteza Mahjoob, also of Iran.
“Iran is great and deserves the best,” Maghami was quoted as saying after reclaiming the record for Iran. “Let's not talk politics.” But in October they were expelled from a tournament in Corsica for refusing to play an Israeli.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Leader Board
Magnus Carlsen lived up to their No. 1 ranking by notching tournament victories in Romania, Russia, Spain and Switzerland. They ended the year within striking distance of the rating record set by Garry Kasparov in 1999.
With the swearing in of a new administration, the federal government and California, the most populous state in the union and the only state currently allowed to set emissions standards different from the Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA), seem set to go separate ways on policy governing greenhouse gases.
Last week, the California Air Resources Board (CARB) issued a proposed plan (PDF) to get California's greenhouse gas emissions down to 40 percent below what they were in 1990 by 2030. The plan expands California's current goal of reducing greenhouse gas emissions to parity with 1990 levels by 2020. CARB says the state is on its way to meeting the latter goal and suggests the former goal will be reached by continuing the state's cap-and-trade market and pushing for millions of zero-emissions vehicles on California's roads.
Meanwhile, the Trump administration issued a freeze on grants and contracts under the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) last night, which ProPublica reports could hold up toxic cleanups and water-quality testing. Myron Ebell, a climate change denier and the Trump transition team's EPA lead, told ProPublica that the freeze was not unusual. "They're trying to freeze things to make sure nothing happens they don't want to have happened, so any regulations going forward, contracts, grants, hires, they want to make sure to look at them first," Ebell said.
But it is expected that if and when the freeze ends, the EPA will see some dramatic budget cuts. Axios reported that a leaked document from the Trump team identified $800 million in budget cuts for the EPA, as well as plans to get rid of Clean Air Act greenhouse gas regulations for coal and natural gas power plants. The Trump administration hasn't yet moved on any of the plans outlined in the story, but Myron Ebell did not dispute the content of the document to Axios, though they noted that a more current document on changes to the EPA is being used.
The proposal from the California regulatory board and the activity from Trump's administration underscore the political battle set to erupt over energy in America for the next four years. California is a leader in renewable energy that has strict environmental rules, and the proposed plan would make them stricter. By contrast, Trump ran their campaign on giving renewed importance to fossil fuels and claimed that they wanted to shut down the EPA.
Trump hasn't moved to eliminate the EPA, but instead they nominated Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt—a man with ties to the oil industry who has sued the EPA 14 times and has been vague about whether climate change is a human-made crisis—to lead the agency. In their recent Senate hearing, Pruitt emphasized that they wanted to give the power to apply environmental rules back to the states. But Pruitt also suggested they would “review” CARB's ability to set more stringent air quality rules than the EPA itself—a legal oddity that dates back to the 1960s and has helped California be a leader in renewable energy investing.
What California says it will do
CARB's proposed plan for 2030 is a step on the way to a goal of an 80 percent reduction in greenhouse gas emissions from the 1990 level by 2050. In the executive summary of the plan, CARB writes that already, “California has reduced greenhouse gas emissions by about 10 percent from our historic highs in the early 2000s, and the State's economy has demonstrated continued growth at a rate above the national average,” signaling to the board that the state's economy could continue to grow with tighter emissions rules.
To achieve the 2030 greenhouse gas reductions, CARB says a host of initiatives is necessary. In one initiative, California will continue its cap-and-trade system by which the state sets a limit on greenhouse gas emissions, and companies trade those emissions allotments. CARB calls for tightening caps over the next decade. Another initiative will also push for a “20 percent reduction in greenhouse gas emissions from the refinery sector;” yet another will “put 4.2 million zero-emission vehicles (ZEVs) on the roads;” and another will “deploy over 100,000 zero-emission trucks and equipment by 2030.”
The effect on California's economy under the stricter plan, CARB says, will be “roughly one-half percent less growth… when compared to a scenario where we did nothing at all.”
But the board also noted that California's economy is depending more and more on renewable energy as an industry. “As a whole, advanced energy enterprises employ over half a million workers in California—three times the combined total of motion pictures, television, and radio—bigger than agriculture, forestry, and fishing. And, the pace is quickening. In 2015, the advanced energy sector generated jobs at six times the rate of the state's economy overall.”
It's important to note that CARB has been working on this new plan for 18 months, so it's not a reaction to the Trump administration as much as a continuation of California's ambitious efforts to combat climate change. The proposed plan will be discussed over three hearings set for early 2017.
What Trump may be planning
By contrast, Trump met with Detroit automakers today to assure them that they would cut taxes and regulations on the auto industry, which have forced it to make cars with better fuel efficiency. Trump said that while they believe in environmentalism, they also think it's "out of control."
Trump also may be planning serious cuts, including “$513 million in cuts to ‘states and tribal assistance grants,'” as well as $193 million in climate programs, and $109 million from "environment programs and management," according to the leaked document seen by Axios.
The document also listed some “initiatives to stop,” including the Clean Air Act greenhouse gas regulations for coal and natural gas power plants, Corporate Average Fleet Emissions (CAFE) standards, and Section 404 of the Clean Water Act (CWA)—which regulates “discharge of dredged or fill material” into US waters—along with the “Total Maximum Daily Load” regulation at Chesapeake Bay.
Axios' leaked document also suggests “major reforms” are coming in the way the agency uses science and economics, claiming that "EPA does not use science to guide regulatory policy as much as it uses regulatory policy to steer the science. This is an old problem at EPA." The document apparently wants to issue reforms so that the EPA won't be “able to return to its bad old ways as soon as an establishment administration takes office.”
Although this document has apparently been replaced with a newer document, according to transition team leader Ebell, it gives a hint as to how Trump may dismantle many federal protections for the environment in favor of looser regulations on businesses. Just this morning, Trump signed an executive order to move ahead with the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines, which Obama had halted last year.
The two opposing views of how policy should guide environmental efforts could cause a mighty political clash in the near future. According to the LA Times, California lawmakers like state Senate Leader Kevin de Leon have promised that any attempts to prevent California from regulating emissions more strictly than the EPA would be "met with full resistance up and down the state."
In Chasing Dreams: Living My Life One Yard at a Time, legendary football coach Jerry Kill, with the help of co-author Jim Bruton, explains how they have managed to fulfill all of the responsibilities of their position throughout their career. By always putting the players first, he's maintained a reputation for being more than just a coach who wins, but one who leads, teaches and cares. Kill's coaching career spans more than three decades, and in that time they touched countless lives up until their sudden retirement in October 2015 due to health issues related to epilepsy, a condition that had caused four seizures on the sidelines during games.
When I was offered the job at Minnesota, we never had any family discussions about whether I shouldn't take the job because of the epilepsy. We never discussed the bigger stage, the more stress that might be involved, or anything like that. It seemed like a great opportunity to go to the Big Ten conference, and we took it.
My health issues, including the seizures in the beginning, were more of an annoyance than anything else. They kept me off the field, and I didn't like it. Still, after all I had gone through to that point and over the coming years, I only missed one football game. My mind was on football, not something I didn't even understand.
Before Minnesota, we never spent any time trying to find out what was going on with me. For me, my take on it was a "seizure disorder." I never called what I had epilepsy. I said it must be a seizure disorder from fatigue.
I had a couple doctors tell me a few things about what I had, in St. Louis and again at Northwestern, but to be honest, I never paid any attention to what they said. I didn't have time for all that. I mean, if no one else in the medical profession could really understand and explain the whats and whys, how was I supposed to get it?
For me it was simple. As I mentioned, I figured I overworked myself, never got much sleep, my body would get tired and run down, and I would have a seizure. It was more of a mental thing in my brain -- at least that was my take on it.
There are some among my family and friends who did feel that my workload would be greater. I never felt that way. I was always up for any challenge. At Southern Illinois, I collapsed on the field, and at Northern Illinois I had the seizures but not as publicly. But how would it be at Minnesota, where I was more in the spotlight with the massive media market in the Twin Cities?
When I had my first seizure there -- at least that people knew about -- my first year at Minnesota, it got a lot of attention. And there was a woman -- Vicki Kopplin, the head of the Epilepsy Foundation in Minnesota -- who wanted to get to me and talk to me.
They wanted me to get involved with the Epilepsy Foundation and be kind of a figurehead for the organization, that kind of thing. Initially I thought, I'm not doing that. I will lose my job. If people know all about my history, it won't be good.
Well, Vicki didn't give up. They kept at me. I mean, they kept trying to get an appointment to see me for about two years. They had been very persistent, and finally I agreed to talk with them I gave them 15 minutes. They were telling me about this gala that was coming up and how I could help all these people. They went on about how I could be a great ambassador for epilepsy, and they were very persuasive.
Finally I said, "Okay, I'll go to the gala." So I went to the gala to help them raise money. At the event they had adults and kids speak about epilepsy and things they had gone through, and I thought, Wow, this is something to hear all these people. I thought, How good do I have it? What I heard about some of the kids was just terrible. With their problems, their future was so bleak. It really hit me hard. I felt so bad for some of the people who were there.
I spoke at the event and I told Vicki I would help her, and we became a team. It wasn't long before people were reaching out to me for advice. I met a lady named Deb Hadley whose daughter had died of epilepsy. And they wanted to get it out there that people were dying from this disease. I met them after their daughter died, and they just wanted to talk to someone. I was there for them and was really moved by them experience.
This was kind of how it all began with the Coach Kill Chasing Dreams Epilepsy Fund. I give Vicki all the credit. There is another person named Mark Evenstad, a great donor, who was in influential in getting our fund going.
Rebecca was instrumental in starting the Go-Pher Epilepsy Awareness Game at TCF Bank Stadium -- a game that strives to bring awareness to epilepsy -- and it really got things rolling for the foundation. Eventually, down the road a way, this connection ended up saving my life.
At Minnesota, there was no question I was on the big stage. Everything I did was evaluated and scrutinized. It has been my practice that I never personally follow what the media says or writes. I don't read it and I don't watch it. But I do have someone who checks it for me, mostly to be sure if I am quoted, it is the right quote. The reason I stay away from it is that I feel the media has the right to say what they want to say. And I was told a long time ago that if you are going to worry about what everyone says about you, it isn't going to help you. As a coach, it seems best to put yourself in a bubble and worry about your football team and nothing else. If you don't read or listen to the media, what you don't know isn't going to hurt you.
Probably the only exception for me is things written by Sid Hartman of the Star Tribune. Sid has been around so long, and we have such a good relationship, that I totally trust him. Sid might stop by with an article they want me to read, and I'll do it because it's Sid asking or giving me something to read.
There was one writer who did get to me some with something they wrote. It was an article by Jim Souhan of the Minneapolis Star Tribune that ran on September 15, 2013. Souhan said some pretty nasty things about me without any personal knowledge of what I was going through at the time. (Since the article, Rebecca and I have made amends with Jim and moved on.)
The article came after the Western Illinois game, when I had a seizure on the sideline. It was a Tuesday, and I was back at work getting ready for practice. I had put my practice clothes on and walked out, and there was no one in the office or anywhere around. Something was going on, but I didn't know what. So I went to the player' lounge and saw some people there watching something on the television.
The program was Outside the Lines, and they were talking about me and a sportswriter from Minnesota. I couldn't figure out what was going on. Why were they talking about me on that program? ere were some national gures talking about Jim Souhan and blasting him, and I thought, What the hell am I doing on Outside the Lines, and what does this have to do with Souhan?
Someone then told me there was an article in the paper that Souhan had written about me. When practice was over, Jim came over to me and said they wanted my reaction to their article. They never really apologized, and I told him, "Jim, you can write whatever you want and say what you want. I can't do anything about that. If there comes a time when I feel I can't coach the game, then I'll walk away." Well, I hadn't read the article yet.
When I got home that night, I said to Rebecca, "What do you know about this article by Jim Souhan?" And they said, "You don't want to read it." I told her, "Well, Jim Souhan came up to me after practice and kind of wanted to talk about it." So I then read the article, and my first reaction was, "You've got to be kidding me! They have no idea what I've been through."
The article basically said I was an embarrassment to the university and no one should have to watch someone "flipping around on the ground." I mean, it was brutal. I recall saying, "Man, they have offended every disabled person in America." And that's when the fireworks started. I never talked to them after that, until recently.
After the article, I got letters, and people contacted me from all over the country. It was absolutely unbelievable the people who reached out to me because of the article. I had so much support from people. There were people who privately told me they had epilepsy but had not revealed it to anyone out of fear of losing their jobs and friends.
I was angry and also offended for all the other people who Souhan had attacked with their article. My reaction was not good, I admit that, but I didn't let it eat at me. I mean, what was I going to do?
As I look back, Souhan's article did more for epilepsy than a hundred good articles. They brought more awareness to epilepsy than could ever have been imagined. There is no doubt that because I was on a big stage, it got so much more attention. If I had been a normal person, little likely would have been said after the fact. Because I was a major college football coach, the attention to the article was so much greater, and the effect it had on people was unbelievable.
-- Excerpted by permission from Chasing Dreams: Living My Life One Yard at a Time by Jerry Kill With Jim Bruton. Copyright (c) 2016. Published by Triumph Books. All rights reserved. No part of this excerpt may be reproduced or reprinted without permission in writing from the publisher. Available for purchase from the publisher, Amazon, Barnes & Noble and iTunes.
Silence is a difficult movie. Martin Scorsese has been dreaming of this project for many years, only to finally bring it to fruition in the year 2016. A tumultuous year in many respects, a movie with such explicitly Christian themes that plays with the real historical persecution of Christians could come across as ill-timed in a social environment where Christians have continued to cast themselves as such an embattled minority. The movie could, even in the hands of Martin Scorsese, seem to be a subtle defense of this victim syndrome adopted at large by American Christians. However, the final result has a thornier and more complex message, one buried in an obscure and abstract movie of suffering, faith, and doubt.
The premise of Silence is simple enough. In a time in which Christianity had been outlawed in Japan, two Priests are sent to investigate the supposed blasphemy of one of the missionary priests the Church had sent years ago. Christians are being tortured all across the land, and live in secret for fear of brutal reprisals.
The arriving priests, Francisco Garrape and Sebastio Rodrigues, played respectively by Adam Driver and Andrew Garfield, come with preconceived notions both about what their roles will be in the order of the Japanese “Kirishitan” struggle to survive, and the value of the faith of these converts. Racial prejudice underscores most of the priest's interactions with their Japanese counterparts, questioning the validity of their faith, their ability to understand Christian doctrine, or even their status as similarly human and capable of appreciating the suffering of the priests.
As the priests go their separate ways, Sebastio Rodrigues meets Inoue-sama (Issei Ogata), the brutal inquisitor behind the tactics of repression and torture that have been implemented to stamp out Christianity from the land of Japan. Their goal is not to simply murder Christians, however. It is to end what they see as an impossible mixing of cultures that have no place in Japan. To this end, they cajole and threatens, constantly painting a picture of Japan as a place in which Christianity cannot be found. They argue that the Japanese soul is incapable of Christian belief, is instead a swamp where the soil is inhospitable to Christianity.
Inoue-sama, proud and protective of their home and culture, the Buddhist faith, and to their concept of justice, works to convince Garfield's Sebastio Rodrigues that the only way forward is to accept their vision of biologically essential and predetermined cultural boundaries, denouncing Christianity in favor of Buddhism, and admitting that the Japanese soul and soil is incapable of supporting true Christian belief.
Though there are many concerns that run throughout the film, this becomes one of Silence's most timely and important statements. Its vision of true, deep evil is not simply cruelty, not torture, not violence, but the devaluation of people's faiths and beliefs in a cultural war for purity propagated by the rich.
Inoue-sama is hounded by flies throughout their screen-time, a visual signifier of their status as this film's Lord of the Flies, as they cajole, criticizes, threatens, and attempts to break the faith of Sebastio.  They are the film's devil, but the army they command is not of demons that share their beliefs and fervor: they are the commander of people they despise. They look at peasants, monks, and all Japanese civilians as worms that can't be trusted to care for their own souls. Christianity is not only a threat to the Shogun, who Inoue-sama serves; it is a corruption of the people in their mind, an outside force that ruins their childlike stupidity.
We see throughout the film many cases of people who couldn't be more committed and righteous in their beliefs; often more so than the priests visiting. The priests struggle to validate their own beliefs and trials, finding meaning in fetishizing the devout Japanese people's torture. They use these deaths to give their lives purpose and meaning, while simultaneously asserting their belief in their natural superiority, gifting their Christ and their kingdom to a desperate people. They reduce these believers, people who having been introduced to Christianity have wholly adopted it and integrated it into their worldviews, to signs of the suffering of all Christendom in a cruel and pagan world. They reduce specificity in favor of an abstract object, characterized by pain and sacrifice, and only through their observation and recognition are they able to grant meaning to this suffering.
Inoue counters with their degradation and protectionism, attempting to force a denial of faith from the priests. So the movie positions the conflict as one between righteous faith and repression. But then it proceeds to complicate responsibility to the point where there truly is no hope for any group. The people are crushed underneath an isolationist demagogue, interested in only “preservation” of their idealized form of their culture. And the Church continues to perpetuate a victim narrative that ultimately helps them continue as a dominant force in the world.
Donald Trump is now the President-Elect of the United States. They rose to power on a wave of calls for a “return to the good old days” the concept of which remains abstract enough for the audience to project their meanings into. What they have done, what they continue to do, is show the faults of both Sebastio and Inoue-sama.  They are a prideful man, believing that they can show a new way for “the people” that they have chosen as valuable; the people who believe in their dogma. At the same time, they advocate for a protectionist state, one in which there will be less freedom, less diversity. Silence is the movie that illuminates modern American politics, and does so by abstracting historical events into a battle of wills in which all sides but the poor peasants are wrong, regardless of their devotion, or lack thereof.
NEW DELHI: Indian Mujahideen (IM) was not content with just exploding bombs and had made attempts to spread communal hatred across the country. Probe by National Investigation Agency ( NIA ) found that during the June 2012 conflict in Assam, IM contributed to the flare-up by spreading text messages and online posts falsely claiming atrocities against Muslims.The outfit also spread text messages of hatred against the northeast community in Bangalore which resulted in several students from the region being attacked. This operation was led by a new head of the outfit suspected to be in Pakistan.A reference to this act is mentioned in the 277-page charge-sheet filed by the agency against the outfit's India operations chief Ahmed Siddibappa alias Yasin Bhatkal. The charge-sheet said that “investigation has established that in pursuance of the conspiracy, the operatives of IM have been making attempts to foment communal tension in different parts of India”.The charge-sheet details a chat between Bhatkal and their associate Afeef Mota (in Pakistan) on July 12, 2013 which talks about a certain member of the outfit having participated in spreading fake news about atrocities against Muslims at the hands of northeastern people. The charge-sheet said, “Yasin asked whether their new head had participated in any jihadi operation in India. It was revealed that they had sent SMSs to create panic in northeast region, people staying in Bangalore and other southern states and planned to create violence between groups in India by fake SMSs to avenge the assassination of some Rohingya Muslims.”During the 2012 Assam conflict, as clashes broke out between Bodos and Muslims in the state, a ripple effect was felt across the country, particularly in Mumbai and Bangalore, where some people from the northeast came under indiscriminate attack. This was largely fuelled by some fake Facebook photos — some of which were traced to Pakistan — that showed Muslims being killed in Assam.There was also a flurry of messages containing false information about atrocities on either community that spread panic among people forcing them to flee cities. Elements from both the Muslim and Hindu rightwing participated in such propaganda.
A search is underway after two men carried out an armed raid on a Burger King restaurant and escaped on bicycles with up to €10,000.
A search is underway after two men carried out an armed raid on a Burger King restaurant and escaped on bicycles with up to €10,000.
Armed criminals steal €10k and flee on bicycles after Burger King raid
Independent.ie has learned that the men approached the fast food takeaway on the Malahide Road in Coolock, North Dublin at approximately 12 noon today.
The pair entered the premises and one man was carrying what is believed to have been a firearm.
They threatened staff and the pair fled with a large sum of cash in the direction of the Malahide Road.
A source said the men stole up to €10,000 in the raid. They fled the scene on bicycles.
Gardaí say no injuries were reported and investigations are ongoing.
Online Editors
Hol-ee crap. So . . . one day I was bouncing ideas off of Nate for possible future commissions and one idea I had was the Legion fighting Galactus. I was thinking of a small squad of Legionnaires, maybe eight members of the team facing the Devourer of Worlds in battle. I told Nate to go with the post-Zero Hour version of the Legion, since that was their favorite version of the team. Then Nate went and decided to use the WHOLE TEAM. Then they added some of the Heralds. Then we decided to use four pieces of 11x17 Bristol board so it wouldn't get cramped. Then they sent me the layout and I just stared it for a very long time and imagined how awesome it would look when it was finished. My imagination didn't even come close. Nate's layout is superb here, and the amount of thought they put into where the characters would be and what they would be doing is incredible.
So where do I start? We have Inferno and Live Wire attacking Galactus's eyes while a bunch of other Legionnaires are flying up to attack their body. Sensor is projecting an image of Shalla Ball to distract the Silver Surfer while Superboy attacks them from behind and Monstress crawls onto their board. Leviathan is small compared to the Big G and has been captured, but Magno and Kid Quantum are about to free him. Nova has captured Brainiac 5, but they can't really hurt them while they have their force field. Nevertheless, a bunch of Legionnaires are after Nova, because Brainy is probably the only one who can think of a way out of this mess. And when Andromeda brings their “death from above” attack down on Nova it will be all-out war. Also notice the nice little touches of Chameleon catching a fainting Dreamer and XS running up Galactus's leg. Moving on around we see that Terrax is going at it with Ultra Boy but Cosmic Boy is using their magnetic powers to steal Terrax's axe while Spark fries their brain. It's called teamwork, baby! And Nate knows how to draw it!
Who would win this war? The Legion, for sure! But man, would it be an epic, crazy, fight. With such a wide range of powers and abilities, the Heralds would go down almost too quickly. With multiple characters that have Superman-level strength and all of the magic and energy projection and manipulation in the team, even opponents like the Silver Surfer don't stand much of a chance. But then what about Galactus himself? Well, I think that would come down to Brainiac 5. Brainy is smarter than Reed Richards (yeah, I said it) and would figure out a way to beat the Wolrd-Eater. And then he'd remind everyone later that they were the source of their victory, because Brainy ain't modest! And if for some reason everything didn't go the Legion's way, there's always Karate Kid!
If you like this piece, then by all means go buy some of Nate's comics and/or commission them yourself.
While Mr. Romney remains deadlocked with Mr. Obama in most national polls, anxiety among Republicans about the presidential race, the seeming lurching nature of Mr. Romney's campaign and their own miscues have spread far beyond Washington. Republican strategists across the country said in interviews that their candidates were being asked about Mr. Romney's remarks, creating an unwelcome potential trap for those in tough races.
Mr. Romney has sought to turn the issue against Mr. Obama, calling the president an advocate of redistributing wealth and emphasizing, “My campaign is about the 100 percent of America.” But as the two candidates campaigned in Florida on Thursday, Mr. Obama focused on Mr. Romney's “47 percent” comments.
“My thinking is maybe you haven't gotten around a lot,” Mr. Obama said about Mr. Romney in an appearance at a Univision forum in Coral Gables.
There is a growing sense of frustration among Republicans that Mr. Romney has yet to take a commanding lead in any of the major battleground states — especially North Carolina , which is tied with South Carolina for having the nation's fifth-worst unemployment rate, or Nevada , which has the nation's highest jobless rate, 12 percent.
In Ohio, Florida and Colorado , Republicans who support Mr. Romney's efforts said they were worried that they were not campaigning enough in their states and that resources were not trickling into vital counties.
“Could we use yard signs? Could we use information data?” said A. J. Matthews, a Republican State Committee member from Hillsborough County, Fla. “What would we most like from Governor Romney and Congressman Ryan? Visit us more.”
In Ohio, some Republicans have expressed concern that Mr. Romney was not spending more money and appearing more frequently in rural counties where they need a strong turnout to win the state — and where their “47 percent” comments threaten to undercut support among working-class voters otherwise inclined to vote for him. A bus trip by Mr. Romney next week may address some of these worries.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In Colorado, Dick Wadhams, a longtime Republican strategist and a former state party chairperson, said they hoped to see Mr. Romney campaign harder for swing voters in suburban Denver , and they said they were pleased the candidate was planning to visit the state on Sunday, the first time in seven weeks.
Photo
Speaking of those swing voters, Mr. Wadhams said, “They want to vote against Obama, but they haven't quite come to the point where they're going to vote for Romney.”
Mr. Wadhams and other party leaders said, however, that they were heartened by Mr. Romney's get-out-the-vote operations. Republicans say Mr. Romney's on-the-ground efforts are far superior to those of Senator John McCain in 2008.
Officials at the Romney campaign said they believed some of the concern in the tossup states was being created by what they described as hyped news media reporting on Mr. Romney's latest missteps. The campaign has been meticulously thought out, they said, and its supporters have yet to see activity that, by design, was not scheduled to begin until near the end of the race.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“We're making some very strategic decisions,” said Rich Beeson, the political director. “And when we're coming down to the end, you'll see the governor everywhere they need to be.”
Mr. Romney has yet to take command of any battleground states, according to polls, many of which show Mr. Obama with an edge. The Romney campaign has been focusing on Iowa as one of its more promising states, but an NBC News/Wall Street Journal/Marist College poll released Thursday evening showed Mr. Obama with an 8-point advantage there.
In a stop near Des Moines, Ann Romney said it was time for Republicans to stop second-guessing their husband. “Stop it. This is hard,” they told Radio Iowa. “You want to try it? Get in the ring.”
The president and their aides are aware that everything could change in an instant, particularly with three presidential debates looming, and said Democrats could not be complacent.
But for the first time in many months, Mr. Obama's job approval rating has reached 50 percent in several recent polls. They have taken the edge away from Mr. Romney on questions of who voters believe will be a better flight attendant of the economy, which coincides with the release of modestly positive economic signals.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Construction of new houses and home sales have reached their highest levels in more than two years, new reports show, and the Census Bureau reported that the number of young adults living at home with their parents — a vivid indicator of the personal effect of the recession on young people — is dropping.
Yet the president must still contend with their campaign promises made four years ago, including their pledge to change Washington. When asked about that Thursday during the Univision forum, they said change must come from the “outside.”
Speaking to supporters in Sarasota , Fla., Mr. Romney seized on the remark as an admission of failure, saying: “The president today threw in the white flag of surrender. They went from the president of change to the president who can't get change.”
For all of the open fretting among Republicans, several party leaders say Mr. Romney still has an opportunity to win over voters who are ready to reject Mr. Obama.
“Romney has not made the sale yet with the 5 or 10 percent that are undecided, and they very well could,” said Mike DeWine , Ohio 's attorney general. “It's a very doable thing for Romney to win Ohio and very doable for them to win the race.”
As Mr. Romney headed to an evening fund-raiser in West Palm Beach , Fla., a reporter asked if they would be campaigning more extensively.
“Ha, ha. We're in the stretch, aren't we?” Mr. Romney said before promptly changing the subject and pointing to the sky. “Look at those clouds. It's beautiful. Look at those things.”
David Peers, who is unemployed, was also ordered not to act abusively, enter public houses or carry open bottles of alcohol until 2016.
The ban – conditions of which form an ASBO served on 45-year-old Peers – will bring relief to the residents of Redhill, Surrey, who have been plagued with their anti-social behaviour, according to police.
Pc Doug Stott, of Surrey Police, said: "David Peers has a history of drinking and disorderly behaviour.
"Despite extensive intervention by Surrey Police and our partner agencies, Peers' has not shown a positive change in their behaviour and has continued to verbally abuse and be aggressive towards local businesses and residents.
"So far this year Peers has been arrested and charged 11 times, mainly for public order offences.
"On one occasion they were seen urinating on shop windows something which is utterly despicable and totally unacceptable.
"David Peers brought misery to the lives of local people with their relentless anti-social behaviour and I would encourage members of the public to work with us and let us know if individuals are in breach of their ASBO conditions."
Justices at South East Surrey Magistrates' Court banned Peers from being drunk in public places anywhere in England and Wales and they were also told not to enter any pubs or social clubs in Reigate, Redhill or Merstham.
Greenpeace had not filed the annual returns within the stipulated time for three years, in 2004-05, 2005-06 and 2009-10, the order had said. (Reuters Photo)
A court on Friday temporarily suspended an order cancelling Greenpeace India's operating licence in the country, the group said, the latest twist in its ongoing battle with the central government.Responding to a petition by Greenpeace, the Madras High Court halted the process to invalidate the environmental group's registration after authorities in Tamil Nadu cancelled its licence earlier this month.Greenpeace lawyer Vineet Subramani said the judge had observed "prima facie, the government has not followed the principles of natural justice"."He was satisfied with our arguments and granted an unconditional stay on the government order," Subramani told AFP. No confirmation was available from the court directly.Greenpeace has alleged that the order cancelling its only licence in the country came from the home ministry, which has repeatedly declined to comment when contacted by AFP."We were confident the courts would agree that Greenpeace is on sound legal footing and has done nothing wrong, notwithstanding the government's ridiculous allegations of fraud in this instance," Priya Pillai of Greenpeace India said in a statement.The NGO, which is at loggerheads with the BJP-led government, has won a string of court cases this year.The Centre in April suspended Greenpeace's foreign funding licence and froze its domestic bank accounts for alleged rule violations.Greenpeace said the move could force it to shut down -- but later succeeded in having the bank accounts unfrozen.The group attributes the actions taken against it to its criticism of the government, which it accuses of causing environmental degradation by excessive use of coal power, deforestation and nuclear projects.In recent months, Greenpeace has accused Indian authorities of placing its campaigners on suspicious persons list and barring their exit and entry into the country.One of the group's senior campaigners was offloaded from a flight to London, where they were scheduled to address British MPs.The government has cancelled the foreign funding licences of around 9,000 charities since a major crackdown began in April and placed the US-based Ford Foundation and Christian charity Caritas on a watch list.Indian media have reported on a secret intelligence document that apparently warned delays to key development projects sought by Greenpeace and other groups could knock three percentage points off India's annual growth rate.
CLOSE St. Louis County Police Chief Jon Belmar expresses their disappointment in the minimal amount of peaceful protesters and the extreme measures that protesters took. VPC
Protesters attempt to turn over a police vehicle as an officer aims their shooting gun, in Ferguson Missouri, (Photo: Larry W. Smith, epa)
FERGUSON, Mo. — The streets were quiet but fires continued to burn Tuesday following a night of violence triggered by a grand jury's decision not to indict white police officer Darren Wilson for the August shooting death of unarmed, black teen Michael Brown.
Demonstrators taunted police, shattered windows and set fire to two St. Louis County police cars at the protest's furious peek. Scattered, intermittent gunfire was also reported.
St. Louis County Police Chief Jon Belmar said at a 1:30 a.m. CT news conference that at least a dozen buildings were set ablaze and that they had heard at least 150 gunshots, none fired by police. A police officer was shot but not seriously hurt, Belmar said.
Police had made 29 arrests.
"I'm disappointed this evening," Belmar said. "What I've seen tonight is probably worse than the worst night we had in August."
They said protesters could not be controlled "unless we bring 10,000 police officers in here."
Scores of police officers, armed with riot gear, dispersed a crowd of about 300 with volley after volley of tear gas, pepper spray and bean bags. But not before looters plundered a Walgreens store, Family Dollar store and an AutoZone outlet. Other protesters torched a Little Caesars pizza restaurant and local beauty shop — among several buildings set ablaze that were continuing to light up the sky early Tuesday morning. Two police cars were burned.
The chaos grounded flights in and out of St. Louis' Lambert International Airport airlines until early Tuesday"to provide a safe environment for law enforcement activities, the Federal Aviation Administration said.
Much of the crowd was gone by midnight. There were no other official reports of arrests or injuries.
CLOSE Firefighters in Ferguson, MO were battling around 25 building fires early Tuesday morning, hours after the announcement that the grand jury would not file charges against Darren Wilson. Firefighters couldn't get to some fires because of gunfire. VPC
Monday's violence — reminiscent of the unrest that rocked this St. Louis suburb for several days following Brown's death last summer — came despite efforts by Brown's family, civil rights activists local and state authorities and President Obama to tamp down anger in the wake of the grand jury's findings. "There's never an excuse for violence,'' Obama said.
Still, Ferguson resident Malik Rhasaan, a community organizer with Hands Up United, said the carnage was nothing compared with the sight of Brown's body lying in the street for several hours following their death. "They have insurance. They can rebuild,'' said Rhasaan, 42. "The life of Mike Brown can't be rebuilt. Our patience cannot be rebuilt.
Richard Royal, a manager at a local Sonic restaurant who was told by police to close up early, said they understood the frustration and anger at the grand jury's decision, but said the violence was unnecessary. "We could have done something better, like a boycott, that would have hit them in their pockets,'' said Royal, 32.
Demonstrators reacted more peacefully in several other cities, where police were braced for raucous protests. Authorities initially reported that gatherings were mostly peaceful. But the violence was concentrated in Ferguson.
Some gathered hours before the announcement in a parking lot across the street from the Ferguson Police Department. Many stood right at the edge of the lot, almost in the street, chanting, "No justice, no peace, no racist police."
One woman leading the group screamed through a bullhorn "Indict that cop. Police don't like it. We want an indictment."
Several young men in hooded sweatshirts reading "peacekeepers" kept people from streaming into the street. A couple of people approached the police department building, but a woman asked them to protest the right way and pulled them into a prayer circle.
CLOSE USA TODAY reporter Alia Dastagir takes video on the ground in New York as protesters go quickly from chanting "Hands up, don't shoot" to tearing down barricades in response to the Michael Brown grand jury decision.
In New York, hundreds marched through Union Square holding signs saying "Jail Killing Cops" and "Resistance Is Justified." Protesters were penned in an area at the northern end of the square, behind a ring of police officers. They pushed the metal police barriers aside and rushed towards the southern end of the square where holiday kiosks selling crafts were set up. The protesters yelled, "No justice, no peace, no racist police."
In downtown Tempe, AZ., about 60 people showed up at Tempe Town Lake, splintering into two groups after a verbal dispute over protest tactics. One group walked toward the Tempe police station and courts building chanting expletives and anti-police sentiments. The other group calmly walked in a different direction.
Protesters in Oakland, Calif., lay in the middle of an intersection in silent protest, then marched down Broadway shouting, "Hands up, don't shoot," and "Black lives matter — all lives matter." Protesters moved on from downtown to Interstate 580, stopping westbound traffic for about an hour.
CLOSE Protesters in Oakland, Calif., where hundreds gathered after a grand jury decided not to indict Missouri police officer Darren Wilson in the death of unarmed teenager Michael Brown, explain their frustration and disappointment. Chris Wiggins for USA TODAY
In Philadelphia, several hundred protesters marched through downtown yelling "No justice, no peace, no racist police!" A similar protest of about 50 people in Pittsburgh was short-lived. Activists said they planned to regroup Tuesday at the federal courthouse.
About 15 people gathered in front of the Theodore Levin United States Federal Courthouse in Detroit earlier on Monday night.
The small group prayed and joined hands in the bitter cold as they awaited the decision. Rev. Charles Williams II, senior pastor at the Historic King Solomon Baptist Church of Detroit and Michigan regional president for the National Network, said the protest was held to demand justice and call for the U.S. Department of Justice to step in and prosecute Wilson.
CLOSE Recording artist Macklemore marched with demonstrators in Seattle in "solidarity" with the family of Michael Brown. VPC
When the verdict came down, the crowd was visibly upset, but many said they weren't surprised. "We're saying, 'No more,'" said Rev. Sylvester Davis, who has been a Detroit resident for 65 years. "We're seeing a system where black men don't matter. We're open season. It's time for us to stop this mess. We want justice and equal rights."
In Sanford, Fla., protesters were to march at the local county courthouse. Sanford is the site of the February 2012 shooting of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin, another unarmed African American teen, by neighborhood watch member George Zimmerman. A prosecutor charged Zimmerman in the case, but a jury later acquitted them of murder and manslaughter.
In Topeka, Kan., protest organizers posted instructions on the Tumblr page of an informal group known as the Ferguson National Response Network, telling attendees to "Dress warmly — Bring signs."
Immediately following the announcement, the American Civil Liberties Union of Missouri said the decision "does not negate the fact that Michael Brown's tragic death is part of an alarming national trend of officers using excessive force against people of color, often during routine encounters. Yet in most cases, the officers and police departments are not held accountable."
The ACLU said that while many police officers "carry out their jobs with respect for the communities they serve, we must confront the profound disconnect and disrespect that many communities of color experience with their local law enforcement."
Ron Hosko, president of the Law Enforcement Legal Defense Fund, described Wilson as "a victim of a polticized agenda that deemed them guilty until proven innocent."
"Although they will walk free, their life has been forever changed, as they have been exploited in a cynical effort to turn civilians against cops in fulfillment of an anti-law enforcement agenda,'' said Hosko, a former FBI assistant director.
U.S. Conference of Mayors President Kevin Johnson, an African American who is mayor of Sacramento, said in a statement, "The nation's mayors strongly believe that there should have been open-court proceedings in the case of the officer-involved shooting of Michael Brown so that the evidence could have been presented in a public forum, and a verdict could have been rendered by a jury."
Johnson said the group hopes that prosecutor Robert McCulloch releases the full transcript and audio proceedings of the grand jury. "This will ensure that Michael Brown's family, as well as the community and the American public will have a greater understanding of what happened on August 9.
In Los Angeles, rocked by riots in 1992 after the acquittal of police officers in the beating of Rodney King, about 100 people gathered in Leimert Park.
Activist Najee Ali met with police last week to discuss plans for a peaceful gathering in response to the Ferguson case. Plans included having community members identify agitators" who incite violence so officers can remove them from the crowd, they said.
"It was kind of unprecedented," Ali said of the meeting. "We never collaborate with the LAPD. They do what they do, and we do what we do."
Contributing: Kim Hjelmgaard, Kevin McCoy, Kevin Johnson, Laura Petrecca, Donna Leinwand, Laura Mandaro, Ryan Carey-Mahoney, David Jesse and Katrease Stafford, Detroit Free Press and AP.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vHzVb7
From Kings To The Average Joe: Gout Makes A Comeback
Enlarge this image toggle caption iStockphoto.com iStockphoto.com
An image of gout is easy to conjure up: The portly, elder royal resting their foot on a pillow, with a swollen, red and extremely painful big toe. It could be Henry VIII, who was afflicted with the "disease of kings."
But today gout seems to be the disease of the average middle-aged American who's pudgy, consuming too much meat and drinking too much alcohol — not unlike what the royals used to do.
Researchers from Boston University School of Medicine looked at federal health surveys to compare rates of gout in 1988-1994 to 2007-2008 and found the disease had increased 44 percent over those two decades. They suspect it has a lot to do with the obesity epidemic and related health problems like diabetes, high blood pressure and high cholesterol. Their study was published online this week in the journal Arthritis & Rheumatism.
Gout is an extremely painful type of arthritis that strikes without warning and causes extreme swelling, inflammation and pain in the joints, mostly in the feet. Too much uric acid is what causes it.
Dr. Hyon Choi, professor of medicine in rheumatology and epidemiology who headed the study, found rates of elevated uric acid levels rising over time. They say one in five Americans have elevated levels of uric acid.
The excess uric acid can cluster and form into crystals, sort of like like sharp microscopic needles. They migrate to joints in the feet, knees, elbows and even shoulders causing intense inflammation and pain, says Choi, that's "excruciating."
There are a number of reasons for too much uric acid. A big one is genetics. Being male also makes you more vulnerable. And the older you are, the greater the risk.
But diet is also a factor. And that is where extra weight and obesity come in. Uric acid is a chemical byproduct of metabolizing high fat and high sugar foods, as well as alcohol.
When Choi closely analyzed the data, they found a strong link between increases in the number of gout cases and the simultaneous rise in obesity and hypertension.
Fortunately, gout is simply and effectively treated with anti-inflammatory medication. And once treated, the best approach by far, says Choi, is to prevent the problem in the first place by eating healthfully and cutting down on alcohol, particularly beer, which can raise uric acid levels.
For more images of gout, you can check out these vintage medical ads, courtesy of NPR's Picture Show blog.
Let me preface this post by mentioning that what I'm going to say here is something you're probably not used to reading in magazines or other professional media. Unlike media which requires advertising money to survive (the same advertisers I'm about to talk about), I don't have those biases and conflicts of interest which limit my ability to speak the truth. The cover-up of the damage being done is massive. Everyone (from magazine editors and website forum owners who happily accept their advertising money,Â to the very retail companies which sell these problematic parts and happily reap the profits) will admit behind closed doors that this is an industry crushing problem and yet everyone says they cant change it or do anything about it. The fact is nobody wants to stick their neck on the line to do anything about it and for that reason they are right…nothing can be done. On to the post.
——–
I half jokingly can say that I'm the Al Gore of this particular topic. Much like how Al Gore made it their duty to explain to the world the disastrous consequences of global warming, I've been over the years trying to educate people about the disastrous effects of these companies making knockoffs and what our future will look like if everyone keeps supporting them by buying their parts.
I'm at the point these days where I'm tired of talking about it because the fact is that I always end up being the “bad guy” for just bringing it up. So rather than talk about how these US companies are stealing designs and putting companies in Japan out of business…and rather than talk about the horrific future of this industry that will exist when the only new product designs coming out will be original designs from the same knockoff companies that got rich stealing other peoples work and eventually have nothing left to steal (have you ever seen how awful their work is when they're forced to make an original design?).
I'm just not going to go deep into talking about it this time. Instead I'm going to show you a concrete new example of exactly what I've been warning people about for the past few years. Nobody cares when I say it…so here are the facts and not my words:
FACTS:
(posted with permission of Driveline and Bulletproof, Voltex's two distributors in North America)
Voltex just recently announced on their website that they are stopping all production of their wet carbon CT9A Lancer Evolution 8/9 hoods. Why? Because they learned that Seibon made a knockoff of their hood and that people were actually buying the knockoff. Out of concern that people could accidentally mistake the Seibon quality for Voltex quality if they saw it on a car at a race/street/show, Voltex made a statement on their website that they will no longer make that hood in wet carbon.
Here is a picture of the Voltex hood which they wind tunnel tested and did extensive R&D with the Cyber Evo over the years, at their expense of course…with the hope that they'd be able to sell enough to recoup their expenses so they could continue on making more innovative original parts:
And here's Seibon's version, which simply came from buying one authentic Voltex hood and then making a cheaper replica (which of course they can sell cheaper since they saved all of the R&D, molding and tooling costs):
http://www.seiboncarbon.com/Images_U/23200835730PMHD0305MITEVO8-CWII.jpg
So there you have it. Another product is now dead. Do people care yet? Probably not…Will people care the next time Voltex needs to look at the costs to decide if they want to produce an Aero hood for their next car and conclude that its not worth it? Probably still not. Will people care when there are almost no new products coming out with proper R&D because no company can find a way to make their money back? Yeah…probably then people will care…but it wont matter because by that point it'll be too late to say we're sorry and turn back the clock.
I hope everyone with their Seibon hoods out there are happy. And Seibon isnt the only company, there are many. I can name hundreds of examples of the same story, just swap Seibon for another brand and swap Voltex for another industry innovator. An interesting point is that if you pick up any US magazine you can find most of the companies that are making the copy parts with full page advertisements, yet you wont find nearly as many of the true innovating companies (the ones getting knocked off) because they cant afford the advertising rates to publish their own ads. This is because the knockoff brands are making far more profit than the companies who actually design the parts, and as such the innovating companies often cant afford the costs of full page advertisements whereas the knockoff brands are increasingly more rich and can afford the ads. As a result, the knockoff brands have the magazines and major media support despite the lack of ethics in the whole thing…like they say, money talks.
In a time when the Japanese tuning companies rely on overseas sales more than ever for their survival, they look over here and see cars on the covers of almost all US magazines with knockoffs of their products proudly sporting Seibon stickers and other like minded brands.Â Maybe you can tell me how to convince these companies in Japan to keep making new parts when their own fans who claim to represent JDM will drive around at the same time with a Seibon hood on their car. I honestly dont know how to convince them anymore…and quite literally I am the guy they often consult with when deciding what new parts to produce.
Sometimes I'm ashamed of elements of this industry that I've dedicated my life to. It saddens me that there is such little incentive and motivation for the innovators that are the ones who actually make the parts we love. Unfortunately nobody will care until It's too late and the scene is dead. Or thats what it seems at least. I sure hope I'm wrong.
PS: People have often said to me that my no knockoff stance of how I handle my cars, my promotion, who I decide to affiliate myself and my company with, and which cars we sponsor would classify me as a “JDM purist”. I take no offense to the word “purist”, but I am not a purist simply because of my belief that I wont condone knockoffs. Being a purist implies some uncommonly strong belief in something. I would instead prefer to think that my belief of not wanting JDM to die is a fairly logical and common belief amongst anyone who loves this culture and loves the innovative cars coming out worldwide.
In line with earlier reports, it now transpires that Jabhat al-Nusra has fully captured the village of al-Zara in northern Homs after defeating government troops sometime during yesterday.
The village was manned mainly by locals whom had signed up with the pro-government National Defence Forces (NDF); nevertheless, the Syrian Arab Army (SAA) was unable to aid al-Zara prior to the NDF being overwhelmed by the al-Nusra Front.
Meanwhile, the pro-opposition outlet Syrian Observatory for Human Rights (SOHR) said dozens of Alawite civilians had been kidnapped by al-Nusra during the capture.
A spokesperson of the Syrian al-Qaeda group said the attack and kidnappings were retaliation for the death of their comrades at Khan Touman and al-Eis, two towns in southern Aleppo which have come under heavy bombardment in the past few days.
Due to the capture of al-Zara, Islamist rebels have now reopened a narrow supply corridor from Kafr Latah & Houla to ar-Rastan & Talbiseh.
Recently, the al-Nusra Front has also purged allied rebel groups in the Homs pocket, even storming their headquarters and taken over some villages.
Despite tensions between rebel groups in Homs, the SAA has not made a major push to reclaim the insurgents-held territories in the province since government forces captured the provincial capital of Homs exactly two years ago.
Advertisements
As we get close to the summer transfer window, we'll get a clearer picture of the plans Joe Kinnear and Mike Ashley for Newcastle United going forward. Those plans right now appear to not include back ups Romain Amalfitano and Mehdi Abeid, as according to The Journal, both have been told they're free to leave the club.
Mehdi, 20, signed a five-year deal with the Magpies in 2011 and made just three appearances before being loaned to St. Johnstone this past season.
Amalfitano, 23, signed with the Toon in the 2012 summer transfer window after making 58 appearances with Reims in France's Ligue 2. The attacking midfield appeared in just a handful of games for the Magpies since they signed.
Both players don't seem to be in the future for the Toon, so Kinnear and company will seem to give them the ability to venture somewhere else for football during the summer window.
Keep reading:
• Report: Newcastle Interested in Tom Ince (Again)
• Shock Revelation: Newcastle Need Striker
• Coming Home Podcastle Episode 11
• Joe Kinnear returns!
A new poll suggests Rob Ford's return to Toronto after a two-month leave of absence to receive treatment for substance abuse was not exactly triumphant.
A Rob Ford supporter shows off their T-shirt while Ford themselves was addressing media on their first day back to work on Monday. A new poll shows support for Ford remains where it was before rehab even after a well-watched apology-cum-campaign speech. ( Brett Gundlock / Getty Images )
Sixty-one per cent of Toronto voters watched or listened to the mayor's post-rehab speech Monday. But of those, 60 per cent weren't satisfied with their apologies for drinking, drug abuse and a long list of offensive behaviour, the poll suggests. Of that 61 per cent who tuned in, only a third surveyed were satisfied with the mayor's remarks, which they delivered Monday at city hall. Three per cent had no opinion. Forum Research conducted its interactive voice response telephone survey of 1,182 randomly selected Torontonians age 18 or older on Wednesday, two days after Ford's return.
Article Continued Below
In their speech, Ford said they have learned to take responsibility for their actions and realizes they have a “chronic medical condition that will require treatment for the rest of my life.” They reimbursed the city $15,469.36 — their net pay while on leave. They earn $177,499 annually. In the Forum poll, one-third of those surveyed believed Ford can be an effective mayor, while 61 per cent indicated that Ford's alcoholism renders them an ineffective mayor. Just 26 per cent said they expected the mayor to stay clean and sober until election day on Oct. 27, compared with 57 per cent who think they will not. The poll also suggests Ford's popularity was not boosted by their return. In a hypothetical five-way mayoral race, Olivia Chow drew the support of 36 per cent of poll respondents, while John Tory had 27 per cent and Ford 26 per cent. David Soknacki received 4 per cent, and 3 per cent of voters polled favored Karen Stintz. Four per cent were undecided. Adam Goldenberg, a former Liberal speechwriter, said he's not surprised Ford's speech fell flat with many people.
Ford's core base “will support them no matter what,” they said. “But I think for a lot of people … this contrite apology speech is an eerie echo of all the other contrite apology speeches he's made.” Goldenberg said Ford should not have started out in apology mode and then launched into a campaign-style speech.
Article Continued Below
“By mixing the two, they cheapen the apology by going on the attack, and they undermine the attack by starting off all tearful. Pick one. I don't think either gets them across the finish line in first place.” The results of the Forum poll are considered accurate plus or minus 3 per cent, 19 times out of 20. Subsample results will be less accurate.
Read more about:
The dictionary definition of the word “northwest” is the northwestern region of the United States. A secondary definition is a compass point corresponding midway between north and west, at 315 degrees.
But Northwest Airlines, the major airline that has been acquired by Delta, charges that it has exclusive ownership of the term “northwest.” The Minnesota-based airline is going after the operator of the Web site gonorthwest.com, which provides tourist information for visitors to the Pacific Northwest.
At first, Northwest Airlines demanded that Go Northwest! shut down its operations. A second, more conciliatory letter said the company would settle for Go Northwest! giving up its trademark rights and agreeing not to expand the business.
“I've been in business 10 years and never had to deal with anything like this,” site publisher Jack High of Spokane said. They registered their trademark last year after someone else downloaded the contents of their Web site and started to operate go-northwest.com.
They say they need the trademark to defend their site only, but doesn't object to other businesses using the word “northwest.”
“When I first got it (the cease and desist letter), it was incredulous,” High said. “Now they've been bought by Delta. It makes you wonder why they are doing it.”
High said they have so far spent more than $4,000 in the past few months to defend their site, and he's looking at thousands more going forward as they face battles in the U.S., U.K., and Australia.
At issue is whether someone would confuse each trademarked mark.
The marks themselves certainly look quite different. Go Northwest! is blue and contains an exclamation mark. Northwest Airlines uses a circular logo with the letters NWA.
But, the dispute is only over the words, not the visual logos.
“The mark is not the actual picture,” Northwest's attorney on the matter, Jamie Nafziger, explained Thursday. “The mark is a word mark. You don't look at the logo at all. It's the words Go Northwest versus the word Northwest. Our client's registration is for the word Northwest without any stylization to it.”
Nafziger added that they could not speak in more detail about the case without permission from their client.
The word northwest is widely used by other businesses. In Washington state alone, 10,557 companies have the name northwest in them, according to a search of the Secretary of State database. According to the U.S. Patent and Trademark office, 366 trademarks exist for NW and NORTHWEST and more are pending.
Although Delta Air Lines has purchased Northwest and is slowly eliminating the NWA branding, the issue has only escalated. High's attorney speculated that the Northwest Airlines attorneys have gone “rogue” in looking for work in the down economy.
Seattle-based intellectual property law firm Black Lowe & Graham LLP is handling High's defense.
“He's semi-retired,” attorney David Lowe said of High. “This is really their retirement income. He's very savvy in terms of all kinds of information about the Pacific Northwest. That's their bread and butter.”
Lowe said that High operated the site since 1999 without issue. “Suddenly out of the woodwork, NWA sends that cease and desist letter a few weeks ago and thumps their chest,” Lowe said.
“They take the little guys and they just steamroll them,” Lowe said. “They force them to abandon the mark because they can't afford to defend them.”
Northwest's media relations team has not yet responded to a seattlepi.com inquiry made Thursday morning, but when they do, the company's response will be noted here. (Update: Friday, August 7: Delta has responded. Please see updated post with the response.)
Lowe's tactic is to use several defenses of High's trademark, including noting that there is no record of anyone ever confusing Go Northwest! with Northwest Airlines.
He's also filing to try to cancel Northwest's own trademark. “We're going to try to make them wake up as kind of a hard slap to the face,” Lowe said. “Look, why are you doing this? We can try to threaten your marks too . . . This is a crazy case. It's eventually one that our client should win but the problem is, and that's what NWA/Delta has on its side, is that they can continue to fund this.”
Northwest has since moved to block Go Northwest!'s registration in the U.K., forcing High to hire another attorney to handle the U.K. dispute.
Read how the attorneys go at it:
Northwest attorney Jamie Nafziger of Dorsey & Whitney LLP wrote in April:
As you are no doubt aware, our client is the exclusive owner of the well-known and famous NORTHWEST and NORTHWEST AIRLINES marks used worldwide in connection with its highly-regarded airline business. . . . There can be no question that Go Northwest, LLC's use of the GO NORTHWEST! mark for services related to travel is likely to cause confusion, deception and mistake among the relevant public as to whether Go Northwest! is affiliated with Northwest Airlines, especially given the similarity of the marks and the similarity of the services. . . .We hereby demand that Go Northwest LLC agree: (1) to voluntarily withdraw its International Registration for the GO NORTHWEST! trademark; (2) to voluntarily cancel its U.S. registration for the GO NORTHWEST! mark; (3) to cease any and all use of the GO NORTHWEST! mark; (4) to destroy marketing collateral and to disable any websites that contain use of the GO NORTHWEST! mark, including termination of any domain name registrations containing the term NORTHWEST; and (5) to agree never in the future to adopt a mark containing the word NORTHWEST for travel-related services. We expect to receive your written reply by May 1, 2009, that your client will agree to the foregoing terms. (Full document)
Jack High's attorney David Lowe responded:
At the outset, please be advised that your demand for a response within twenty-four hours is unreasonable and unprofessional. Given the existence of our client's highly public usage of the GO NORTHWEST!® trademark for more than a decade, and federal registration of the trademark for more than a year, there is no justification for your delay until 15:11 on April 30, 2009 to communicate any legitimate concerns and demand our response the next day. Go Northwest takes its intellectual property rights very seriously and correspondingly has a great deal of respect for the intellectual property rights of others. . . . Your client's mark is undeniably weak. According to the USPTO database, there are more than 400 active trademark applications or registrations including the term NORTHWEST or NW, many of which are in Classes 35 or 39. A perusal of Pacific Northwest telephone directories confirms the use of “northwest” or “NW” by literally hundreds of business, many provide transportation, shipping or generally travel services. A simply Google search reveals literally millions of listings for websites and businesses incorporating the term “northwest” or “NW,” whether related to Pacific Northwest or NW geographical region in states or countries around the world or otherwise. In short, to the extent that your client is able to claim any trademark rights associated with the NORTHWEST or NW mark, such rights are extremely narrow and will not enable it to exclude any use incorporating these terms. . . .Highly compelling is the fact that there appears to be absolutely no evidence of actual confusion resulting from the parties' concurrent use of the marks for more than ten years. . . . Your bluster about the well-known and famous nature of the NORTHWEST and NORTHWEST AIRLINES marks is without support or merit. Your client's adoption of a
geographical term has not resulted in the fame of the mark for any — let alone all — purposes outside of the narrow class of air transportation services for which it has registration. (Full document)
Northwest's attorney response:
We apologize for the timing of our recent letter dated April 30, 2009 and we appreciate your timely response of May 5, 2009. Our client has considered the defenses you raise on behalf of Go Northwest! LLC in your letter. While we disagree with your conclusions, especially those regarding the weakness of our client's famous marks and the scope of its trademark rights, Northwest Airlines Inc. is nonetheless willing to settle this matter according to the terms listed below. Should this dispute become escalated in any manner, however, please note that we are prepared to defeat your contentions on a point-by-point basis. (The letter demanded that High surrender their U.S. trademark registration, abandon efforts to register in the U.K. and Australia and not register anywhere else, not expand services, not adopt or attempt to register additional marks containing “northwest,” not advertise with anything that is affiliated with Northwest Airlines, not suggest associations with Northwest Airlines, and not challenge Northwest's registration marks.) (Full document)
High's attorney response:
Go Northwest declines to accept the offered terms of settlement. Simply put, for the reasons set forth in detail in our prior letter, Go Northwest has done nothing wrong in its adoption and use of the GO NORTHWEST! trademark over the past decade, and therefore finds no justification whatsoever for capitulating to your client's demands. The fact that you declined to address the merits and legal authority set forth in our letter, and apparently failed to perform any independent research regarding the strength of your client's mark and claims, is telling. Might do not make right, and we suspect that your client will find it very difficult both legally and in the all-important court of public opinion to succeed in its efforts to bully and intimidate to gain monopoly of the use of the geographically descriptive “northwest” term. (Full document)
The dispute is ongoing.
PDP makes pretty great Energizer-branded recharging stations for console game controllers, but even certified accessories can run into problems. Today the company and the Consumer Product Safety Commission announced a recall of the Xbox One 2X Smart Charger, which was sold at pretty much every major retailer — Amazon, Best Buy, GameStop, etc. — until just last month. The recall includes approximately 121,000 units sold in the United States, plus 7,250 in Canada and 2,560 in Mexico.
There have been 24 reports of “the chargers overheating and deforming the charger's plastic cover, including 6 reports of chargers emitting a burning odor.” Thankfully no injuries have been reported so far.
There are a few variants of this product that all look rather similar. Amazon is still selling this slightly different version, for example. PDP says that customers should look for 048-052-NA printed on the bottom of the charging station to see if they've got a recalled unit. Newegg is still listing the faulty Smart Charger, and I see plenty of them on eBay.
LAS VEGAS -- Hiring is underway for The LINQ which is one of the valley's newest attractions. More than 550 people are needed to work at the LINQ or for its tenants.
The LINQ is hosting a job fair on Jan. 18. Interviews will take place for a variety of roles including LINQ concierge ambassadors, sales positions, High Roller ambassadors, bartenders, servers, hosts, security officers and food and beverage servers. Management positions are also available.
"We are looking for people who have a great attitude, friendly smiles and who will enjoy being part of a team that's creating history in Las Vegas," said Jon Gray, vice president and general manager of The LINQ. "Many of our tenants are new operators in Las Vegas and they are excited to hire great talent right here in our city."
The job fair takes place on Jan. 18 Saturday, from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. at the Sunset Ballroom in the Flamingo Hotel.
Applicants must apply online before attending the job fair. They should bring at least three copies of their resume and come dressed professionally. Applicants are also asked to park at the Quad Resort & Casino.
Buying Gold coins like Gold Coronas can be a good investment strategy.
Gold coins with a high numismatic or collector value are coins that are sought out by collectors and valued for their history, rarity or unique design. An investor's focus is trained on Gold bullion with high raw Gold value and low numismatic value. Gold Coronas from the Austrian Mint are ideal investments as many are re-strikes. As a result, the Gold coins are not rare and, therefore, have a low numismatic value and are not considerably more than the Gold spot price. Investors like to add Gold Coronas to their Gold holdings because Coronas are a sovereign coin backed by the Austrian Mint, which means that even though the Gold coins have aesthetic value, the coins have low premium prices. And while premiums are typically lower, the history is still rich. As one of the most popular bullion choices in the 1970s, and original mintage dates back to as early as 1908.
Police discovered a large-scale drug operation at a Berkeley home late Saturday night after responding to a domestic disturbance, according to the Berkeley Police Department.
Police discovered a large-scale drug operation at a Berkeley home late Saturday night after responding to a domestic disturbance, according to the Berkeley Police Department.
At about 10 p.m., Berkeley police received a call regarding a domestic disturbance between boyfriend and girlfriend at a residence in the 1700 block of Alcatraz Avenue. When officers responded and made contact, the occupants initially refused to open the door, police said.
After a short time, the man and woman exited the house and were detained. Officers then entered the house to look for additional occupants and found a large-scale psychedelic mushroom processing operation, police said.
Officers found psilocybin mushrooms in various stages of cultivation as well as storage and distribution materials, police said.
Officers obtained a search warrant and seized 677 pounds of mushrooms with an estimated street value of more than $1 million, police said. They also recovered $3,000 in cash and additional evidence indicating a large-scale sales operation.
The 35-year-old man and 37-year-old woman, both Berkeley residents, were arrested and booked into the Alameda County Jail on narcotics related charges, police said.
The suspects' identities were not immediately released.
If you know this site you know that social insurance is a big thing for me. Our public debate is so stunted on this front that you may not even know what I'm talking about. You may know them as ‘entitlements', a term which is technically accurate but is usually used by those wanting to prune government spending. In any case, I'm talking particularly about Social Security and Medicare. I've been writing a lot about the latter in recent days for a very specific reason: Medicare is a hugely important and hugely successful social insurance program for tens of millions of Americans and Republicans aim to repeal it in about six to eight months using a mix of bamboozlement, word play and lies. When I say tens of millions I am speaking of current beneficiaries. But assuming the program is not abolished the overwhelming majority of us will be beneficiaries in the future. Less appreciated is the way Medicare protects money that goes to buying homes and raising children from being spent on the health care of indigent, bankrupted parents. These intergenerstional benefits are under-appreciated but profound. If Medicare is abolished in 2017 it will be a calamity.
But the politics of Medicare are also highly relevant to this political moment.
It's not an either/or. The policy and politics are entirely harnessed together. And preserving Medicare will yield political benefits which will allow Democrats to defeat other Trump/GOP initiatives that will do the country grievous harm.
Trump's election has sprung into overdrive a debate we've been having in the world of politics for more than a year: Is Trumpism largely about economic distress tied to globalization and neo-liberal economics or is it mainly driven by a white racial backlash against minorities Trump supporters believe are cutting to the front of the line in the race for economic preferment and cultural centrality? I largely put myself in the second camp. But as I think most people realize, these are not mutually exclusive explanations. And whichever side of the equation you come down on, what the Democrats need are issues that cut across the regional/racial/class divide we saw in the 2016 election.
Medicare does that.
There are numerous fronts where Democrats will need to resist Trump and the Republican Congress. But to be really effective anywhere they will need to chalk up wins somewhere because all political power is unitary. A president can't suffer a deflating defeat in one area without it eroding their power in others. Victories operate in the same way. Power gained or lost in one sphere translates into every other.
Stopping Republicans on Medicare Phaseout will reduce their ability to push their damaging agenda on other fronts.
The final point should be the most obvious. Donald Trump won the presidency promising to defend the economic interests of ordinary people from the ‘crooked' elite on Wall Street and in Washington. Whether or not they believe or believed that they have rapidly allied themselves with the Paul Ryan privatizers who want to eviscerate the federal programs which are the bedrock of the American middle class. Social Security and Medicare are at the top of that list. If you look at the faces in the crowds at Trump's most poisonous speeches I guarantee that you that very few of those people thought they were voting to lose their Medicare.
Getting rid of or gutting Medicare is incredibly unpopular. It can only be accomplished by a mixture of bamboozlement, scare tactics and unified party government which will allow the GOP to push the change through regardless of public opinion. Saving Medicare or giving everything in the effort to do so is a tailor-made way for Democrats to cut across the Trump-Clinton divide and undermine the idea that Trump or the GOP have the interests of the middle class or really anyone but libertarians and the extremely wealthy at heart.
I'll summarize my point. Medicare is hugely important for everyone, for the reasons I noted above. But it should become a central focus even if those who don't see it as the most important issue because it is an issue where Democrats can score a win and in doing so they will empower the opposition to defeat the Trump GOP on other critical fronts. Critically, it is a cross-cutting issue. They will either drive a wedge between Trump and the GOP or undermine for many voters who supported Trump the belief that they care about the needs of people like them.
MANGALURU/BENGALURU: Health insurance schemes in Karnataka have come to a standstill with leading private hospitals refusing to entertain patients who come for specialized treatment with government insurance cover Much-hyped health insurance schemes like Vajpayee Arogya Shree (VAS), Rajiv Arogya Bhagya (RAB) and Jyothi Sanjeevini schemes are aimed at providing cashless healthcare facilities to the poor."Already, private hospitals are facing losses with the government health insurance scheme as the package offered under it is inadequate. Moreover, the government doesn't clear dues on time. Now it is again pressuring private hospitals to agree to these insurance schemes, which will run up losses for them and lead to deterioration of their health infrastructure,'' alleged a hospital owner in Bengaluru. Super-specialty hospitals in Dakshina Kannada and Udupi districts have decided to stop entertaining patients who come for treatment with government health insurance schemes from Monday.Nursing Homes and Hospital Managements Association president Yusuf A Kumble said the Suvarna Arogya Suraksha Trust that administers schemes on behalf of the government, owes over Rs 200 crore to many super-specialty hospitals across the state. "Reimbursements were made irregularly, and no payment has been made in the past nine months," they alleged.Health minister K R Ramesh Kumar admitted there was a delay in clearing bills due to private hospitals and claimed the dues were not more than Rs 135 crore. "Last week, we cleared Rs 35 crore. We will pay another Rs 100 crore in the next 10-15 days."According to Kumble, the association members decided to stop offering specialized treatment under these schemes following the government's inability to clear dues amounting to Rs 60 crore to about 11 super specialty hospitals in Dakshina K, Udupi and Manipal, and also as treatment rates were draining them."The treatment rates were fixed seven years ago. We accepted the government's proposal as we presumed we would get a few patients and it would be a public service. These days, almost every patient coming for super-specialty treatment brings a BPL card. The rates fixed by the government seven years ago now account for less than 20% to 25% of the actual cost of treatment,'' said Kumble.
Yeah, I know the title of this blog is mostly a cliché these days, but I feel like I am entitled to it. I am, after all, 75% done with the fifth book in the Song of Ice and Fire series, A Dance with Dragons. It's also December 22, which is the first day of Winter in the Northern Hemisphere. But, as I told my friend Espen, I am spending most of this Winter in Summer, a feat accomplished by changing hemispheres and earning me a punch in the arm.
More to the point, Winter is also coming for Qt 5.0: we are approaching feature freeze. The exact date, I can't tell you, because we don't know yet. That's actually the subject of this blog: we need to find a date and I need your help to get there.
There are two competing directions for setting the feature freeze date. The first, which pushes it forward, is the need to complete the features that can only be done in 5.0 — features that, if they fail to enter 5.0, cannot be added to a 5.x release and would need to wait for 6.0. The other is the direction set by Lars, our Chief Maintainer, that we want to release 5.0 by mid-2012, before the Summer break. We know, from past experience, that the quality control a Qt release undergoes is no trivial task, so the more time we give us, the better the result will be.
Therefore, working backwards from a (gold) release date in late June, we need a feature freeze and alpha release sometime in January. In fact, given that this is a major release, with binary compatibility breaks, rearchitecturing of the core GUI functionality, replacing all the ports with QPA, we should have already frozen three months ago.
What we need to do now is to determine what needs to be in Qt 5.0. What do the features need to be complete by the time we freeze? And who's working on them? For that reason, we have created a wiki page to list such features. Update the wiki page if you know of a project that must go into 5.0, but please include the state of completeness of that item. If you don't know who's working on it or if no one is, make that explicit. You can also leave your comments in the blog or post to the development mailing list.
Note that all the features listed in the page may not get into 5.0. This is just the first step in setting the feature freeze date: judge what's needed and how ready it is, then make a decision on when we can freeze so we most likely can get the wanted features in. Features that are not being worked on or are late may not go in, or exceptions may be granted.
Finally, if you have some spare brain cycles during the holiday season, help in completing the features listed in the wiki is most welcome. Help us make a great Qt 5.0!
I have informally studied human nature through my exposure to 2–5 year olds over the last decade. There is this odd phenomenon that occurs right when a child is about to become potty trained: they invariably become little shits, or pricks, or assholes (I use these terms deliberately, because it became obvious to me that they are explicitly related to the lower functions). The defiant child will give you this knowing look as they intentionally violate some line or rule—screaming at nap, pulling someone's hair with impunity—throwing a fit exactly when it's most inconvenient for you. Even the sweet child contracts a spark of rebelliousness during this period, and I think it is directly related to self control: they are filled with joy that they have power—something they had ignorantly assumed, but now can exercise by choice.
Now, I was raised in the James Dobson “dare to discipline” days. So I got a sound spanking when it was reported, by mom to dad, that I have been overly defiant. My parents were by no means abusive or all that hard line, but my dad had a BIG issue with what they called “the rebellious nature of man.” This attitude toward Sin, while correct in a literally Biblical sense, had the effect of planting in me a fear of authority (I recall, in highschool, seeing a “Question Authority” sticker and growing physically nauseous). I also grew to distrust of my own self direction, and this lead to an overreaction on my part once I reached adulthood. I had to break every rule with vicious aptitude, to test what was in me, through my own experience. In a word, it made me very, very angry, for a spell, and I wound up derailing my progress as a human for a few years, as what I wound up breaking wasn't The Law, but my own person, which I subsequently had to rebuild.
Now, I am a theist—and a monotheist at that. I believe there is an up and a down, and there is significant pressure on us to fall, and we need inner guidance to travel upward. (Furthermore, I can't imagine that hell and heaven are binary states—life is plotted on a spectrum, from the lowest slug to the highest heavenly sphere, so how could the spiritual realm be either “Godly” or “Hellish”?) That being said—the biblical language regarding sin, evil and rebellion was written at an early stage of society's development. And just as a child sees things—or, rather, gravitates towards the Allegorical and the Cartoonish, biblical language paints the world in thick lines and with primary colors. But once we mature, there is a need to view shades of grey, and subtler distinctions between courses of action, and the question arises: what is the intent behind an action?
For a rebellious child, a large part of their difficult or deplorable behavior has to do with exerting their sense of power—and in that instant, it is wise of the adult to be unemotional when countering and redirecting them. When I have responded in anger to such displays, that anger has stuck with me, and makes me feel bad. But there have been instances when using my own dominance—physical or audible—quickly, severely, and without spite—have seemed appropriate, especially when violence is occurring.
There are many more issues to suss out here, about human and subhuman nature, but I wanted to highlight this point: such charged words as damnation and hell need to be translated into more grownup language. Subtlety and an appreciation of hyperbole and irony, context and culture must be employed in this day and age, if this issue is to be made useful for us who live complex and multifaceted lives.
Advertisements
Just a couple of days after the Galaxy Note 3 got its Android 5.0 Lollipop update in Russia, now Russian owners of the Galaxy S4 (model number GT-I9500) can also get rid of KitKat and install the new OS instead - thanks to an official update provided by Samsung.The Android Lollipop (5.0.1) update weighs in at a hefty 1049 MB, and will bring a lot of novelties to Samsung's flagship from 2013 - which, by the way, ran Android 4.2 Jelly Bean at launch. A Material Design makeover is one of the first new things that users will notice. The update is being sent over the air, and, for now, it doesn't appear to be available via Samsung Kies.Sure enough, we already knew that the Galaxy S4 would get its Lollipop update at about this time, but we didn't expect this to happen in Russia first.In any case, Samsung Galaxy S4 users in other countries can certainly hope that their device will soon receive the update as well - although, as always, the exact timing depends on market and carriers. We're really looking forward to seeing when Lollipop for the US variants of the S4 will arrive - and we'll let you know as soon as we find out anything about this.via: Sam Mobile
GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip — Israel and Gaza's ruling Hamas agreed Tuesday to an open-ended ceasefire after seven weeks of fighting — an uneasy deal that halts the deadliest war the sides have fought in years, with more than 2,200 killed, but puts off the most difficult issues. Hamas has promised to rebuilt and rearm.
In the end, both sides settled for an ambiguous interim agreement in exchange for a period of calm. Hamas, though badly battered, remains in control of Gaza with part of its military arsenal intact. Israel and Egypt will continue to control access to blockaded Gaza, despite Hamas' long-running demand that the border closures imposed in 2007 be lifted.
Hamas declared victory, even though it had little to show for a war that killed 2,143 Palestinians, wounded more than 11,000 and left some 100,000 homeless. On the Israeli side, 64 soldiers and five civilians were killed, the last a man killed by Palestinian mortar fire shortly before the ceasefire was announced.
Large crowds gathered in Gaza City after the truce took effect at dusk, some waving the green flags of Hamas, while celebratory gunfire and fireworks erupted across the territory.
Mahmoud Zahar, a senior Hamas leader, promised to rebuild homes destroyed in the war and said Hamas would rearm. “We will build and upgrade our arsenal to be ready for the coming battle, the battle of full liberation,” they declared, surrounded by Hamas gunmen.
The Israeli response was more subdued.
“This time we hope the ceasefire will stick,” said Israeli government spokesperson Mark Regev. They portrayed the deal as one Hamas had rejected in previous rounds of negotiations.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu faced some criticism from hard-line critics and residents of Israeli communities near Gaza who said the deal failed to defuse the threat from Gaza militants. Since July 8, Hamas and its allies have fired some 4,000 rockets and mortars at Israel, and tens of thousands of Israelis evacuated areas near Gaza in recent weeks.
Under the Egyptian-brokered deal, Israel is to ease imports to Gaza, including aid and material for reconstruction. It also agreed to a largely symbolic gesture, expanding a fishing zone for Gaza fishermen from three to six nautical miles into the Mediterranean.
In a month, talks are to begin on more complex issues, including Hamas' demand to start building a seaport and airport in Gaza. Israel has said it would only agree if Hamas disarms, a demand the militant group has rejected.
In Washington, State Department spokesperson Jen Psaki said Tuesday that the agreement offers “an opportunity, not a certainty.”
“Today's agreement comes after many hours and days of negotiations and discussions. But certainly there's a long road ahead. … We're going into these eyes wide open,” they said. Early on in the war, U.N. chief Ban Ki-moon and U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry had tried in vain to broker a truce.
The ceasefire went into effect at 7 p.m. (1600 GMT) Tuesday, and violence persisted until the last minute.
About an hour before the ceasefire, 12 mortar shells hit an Israeli communal farm near Gaza, killing an Israeli man and wounding seven other people, two of them critically, the Israeli military said. Between 5 p.m. and 7 p.m., Gaza militants fired 83 rockets, of which 13 were intercepted.
In Gaza, an Israeli airstrike minutes before the start of the ceasefire toppled a five-story building in the town of Beit Lahiya, witnesses said. Twelve Palestinians, including two children, were killed in several Israeli airstrikes before the truce took hold, Gaza police said.
In Gaza City, a 20-year-old woman was killed and several dozen people were wounded by celebratory gunfire after the truce was announced.
Throughout the war, Israel launched some 5,000 airstrikes against Gaza, saying it targeted sites linked to militants, including rocket launchers and weapons depots. About three-fourths of those killed in the strikes have been civilians, according to the U.N. and Palestinian officials.
In recent days, Israel had stepped up its pressure on Hamas, toppling five towers containing offices, apartments and shops since Saturday. Two of those buildings were brought down in airstrikes early Tuesday that destroyed dozens of apartments and shops.
Hamas has emerged from the war badly battered. Just one-third of its initial rocket arsenal of 10,000 remains, according to Israel and the Islamic group's network of attack tunnels under the border with Israel has been mostly destroyed.
Despite its victory celebrations Tuesday, Hamas failed to force an end to the Gaza blockade, imposed by Israel and Egypt after the Islamic militants seized the seaside strip in 2007.
Under the restrictions, virtually all of Gaza's 1.8 million people cannot trade or travel. Only a few thousand are able to leave the coastal territory every month.
The ceasefire deal makes no mention of ending the ban on exports from Gaza or significantly easing travel.
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, a long-time rival of Hamas, will likely play a key role in any new border deal for Gaza. Abbas, who lost Gaza to Hamas in 2007, is expected to regain a foothold there under any Egyptian-brokered agreement.
Forces loyal to Abbas would be posted at Gaza's crossings to allay fears by Israel and Egypt about renewed attempts by Hamas to smuggle weapons into the territory. Israel is also concerned that material for reconstruction would be diverted by Hamas for military purposes.
In a televised address Tuesday evening, Abbas said the end of the war underscored the need to find a permanent solution to the conflict with Israel.
“What's next? Gaza has been subjected to three wars. Shall we expect another war in a year or two? Until when will this issue be without a solution?” they said.
Aides have said Abbas plans to ask the U.N. Security Council to demand Israel's withdrawal from all lands captured in the 1967 Mideast war to make way for an independent Palestinian state.
Abbas alluded to the plan in their speech.
“Today I'm going to give the Palestinian leadership my vision for a solution and after that we will continue consultations with the international community,” they said. “This vision must be clear and well-defined and we are not going to an open-ended negotiation.”
Daraghmeh reported from Ramallah, West Bank. Associated Press writers Sarah El Deeb in Cairo, Josef Federman in Jerusalem, Ibrahim Barzak in Gaza City and Deb Riechmann in Washington contributed to this report.
JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesian presidential front-runner Joko “Jokowi” Widodo has assured top fund managers that they would cut fuel subsidies, improve infrastructure and enact major bureaucratic reforms to attract investment if elected in July.
Jakarta's Governor Joko Widodo, also known as Jokowi, speaks during an interview with Reuters in their car on their way back to their office in Jakarta April 9, 2013. REUTERS/Enny Nuraheni
In a private event on Tuesday attended by representatives of the top 10 asset management funds in Indonesia, Jokowi offered a rare glimpse of policies that they have yet to make public ahead of a July 9 presidential election.
“His key election platform is market-friendly with a focus on lifting workforce capability through education, bureaucratic reform, infrastructure construction and encouraging energy investment,” investment firm CLSA, the organisers of the Jakarta event, said in a research note.
CLSA officials declined to identify the other fund management companies at the event.
Jokowi is governor of Jakarta. Their populist style has won them much support in the world's third biggest democracy, where years of rapid growth have started to slow, threatening to widen a gulf between the rich and the growing ranks of poor.
But the election is not yet won and one recent poll showed Jokowi's lead had narrowed slightly, although they were still 15 points ahead of their closest rival.
The only major economic policy that Jokowi has announced has been that they would reduce fuel subsidies within a four to five-year period.
They provided more details of that policy to the fund managers, saying ending wasteful fuel subsidies would save the government $30 billion. Those funds would be reallocated to building roads, ports and airports, CLSA said.
BENEFICIARIES
Jokowi, who is expected to announce their running mate by May 20, also said they would look to cut energy costs by $7 billion a year by removing up to 90 percent of diesel-fired power plants.
If elected, Jokowi also promised to issue at least four presidential decrees on bureaucratic reform within their first 100 days in office.
CLSA said the key beneficiaries of Jokowi's policies would be highway operator PT Jasa Marga (JSMR.JK), cement firm PT Indocement Tunggal Prakarsa (INTP.JK), and construction firm PT Wijaya Karya.
Energy firms PT Perusahaan Gas Negara (PGAS.JK), PT Elnusa (ELSA.JK), and offshore service provider PT Wintermar Offshore Marine (WINS.JK) also stood to benefit.
Many have called on Jokowi, who is a fresh face on the national scene, to pick a running mate with business and political experience.
Media has tipped former vice president Jusuf Kalla, who is an influential public figure and heads the Indonesian Red Cross.
The recent opinion poll showed a Jokowi-Kalla ticket would win 46 percent of the vote, far ahead of the rival ticket formed this week by ex-general Prabowo Subianto and former chief economic minister Hatta Rajasa.
But many voters are undecided, the survey showed.
HAHAHA. Just saw the Nahilani Modi video. Has anyone made a list of all the things in it that's not Indian? Because I have one.
— Sandy (@sandygrains) November 15, 2015
Censor Board Chief Nihalani pays video tribute to Modi, except with a @USNavy F-14 Tomcat. https://t.co/qgc4U05OJu pic.twitter.com/1UEU9Krmzu
— Shiv Aroor (@ShivAroor) November 13, 2015
That's NASA's Atlantis space shuttle with the NASA logo photoshopped out. pic.twitter.com/fSBjyFPKYW
— Sandy (@sandygrains) November 15, 2015
That's most std ever stock photo of "solar panels & wind turbines" from California. I mean even *i* have used this. pic.twitter.com/FSEjLBhGTn
— Sandy (@sandygrains) November 15, 2015
That's the International Space Station, FFS. You can't point at it, put a lion on it, & say "Yeh kamal hai Modi ka." pic.twitter.com/ThpQg5kpTf
— Sandy (@sandygrains) November 15, 2015
(Or the Chinese station, I could be wrong) But it's definitely not made in India.
— Sandy (@sandygrains) November 15, 2015
That's the Discovery shuttle. At least find stuff people can't recognise on sight. pic.twitter.com/g4hP3RdndY
— Sandy (@sandygrains) November 15, 2015
And I think that's INS Vikramaditya, but that flag... pic.twitter.com/nBxbr5pixs
— Sandy (@sandygrains) November 15, 2015
@sandygrains Formerly known as the Admiral Gorshkov, made in Russia. IIRC, purchased in 2004 by prev NDA gov, delivered in 2013, pre-Modi :)
— Peter Griffin (@zigzackly) November 15, 2015
Okay that's all I've got. There are other things like fields and cities which I couldn't recognise but it doesn't matter. What a joke.
— Sandy (@sandygrains) November 15, 2015
@sandygrains looks like whole video had nothing Indian in it
— The ღ (@brokesilver) November 15, 2015
@sandygrains hi. I have some Mumbai locations as a part of treasure hunt for kid's school. Can I share with you to locate those?
— Navratna Wayne (@psubatman) November 15, 2015
Hey cool, my tweets are appearing as comments on the video now. I mean, irony just killed itself...
— Sandy (@sandygrains) November 15, 2015
Those who caught the latest Salman Khan starrer Prem Ratan Dhan Payo in theaters last week were in for a surprise. Bundled with the movie came a music video that heaped praise on Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi. The video, produced by Censor Board Chief Pahlaj Nihalani, is dedicated to Modi, and compares them to Mahatma Gandhi while highlighting their pet programmes such as Swacch Bharat Abhiyaan and Make in India.What went unnoticed at least initially, however, was that most visuals that the video passed off as India's achievements under Modi in various spheres were apparently taken from other countries.It started with a thread on Twitter when user @SandyGrains wondered if anyone had started listing out things in the video that were not Indian.First, it was something from Dubai and France that came to light.Soon, others joined in, pointing out other instances too. Like an aircraft, which apparently belongs to the US Navy.Even the business centre showed in the video was not in India, as per this Twitter user.Nor did the space shuttles and satellites.The list did not end there. The International Space Station also appeared plastered with the Make In India symbol in the video.While the warship carrier appeared to be INS Vikramaditya to those on Twitter, the flag made things dubious.However, the listing did not go down well with some, as people started trolling @sandygrains.And to top it all, @Sandygrains tweeted that their tweets were now being copied and pasted in YouTube comments under the video.
LAS VEGAS -- An incident, in which two people were found dead at a home near S. Fort Apache and W. Pebble Road Thursday, is being called a murder-suicide by Metro Police.
Officers said when their detectives arrived on the scene in the 8900 block of Veneroso Street, medical personnel told them two adults, a male and a female were found dead inside of the garage.
The Clark County Coroner's Office has identified the man as 26-year-old Won Jae Lee of Las Vegas. They died from gunshot wounds to the head and neck. The woman was identified as 23-year-old Jiyeon Lee who died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head.
The preliminary investigation indicates the man and woman, who were dating, were in a physical altercation before the shooting. The argument between the two somehow moved to the garage, and that's where officers said the woman shot and killed the man before taking their own life.
Anyone with any information about this incident is urged to contact the LVMPD Homicide Section by phone at 702-828-3521 or by email at homicide@lvmpd.com. To remain anonymous, contact Crime Stoppers by phone at 702-385-5555 or on the internet at www.crimestoppersofnv.com.
Free-agent third baseman Adrian Beltre was the player the A's wanted most this offseason. They made them an initial offer of five years, $64 million and later raised their bid to six years, $78.6 million, according to major league sources.
Article continues below ...
Yet, they never stood a chance.
Beltre, like most star players, wanted no part of Oakland. No part of the Coliseum. No part of a franchise that has ranked in the bottom five in home attendance in each of the past five seasons.
The solution for the A's is simple — in fact, the simplest of any struggling franchise in the game today. The team needs to move to San Jose, a more populous, prosperous city 40 miles south of Oakland.
“If we want to be successful in the game, we've got to take advantage of situations that are right in front of us,” says Scott Boras, the agent for Beltre and several other top players. “And this is one of them.”
Yes, Boras is speaking partly out of self-interest; a stronger A's franchise would possess greater spending power and help drive the market for their players. But a stronger A's franchise is in the game's best interests, too.
No longer would the team be a revenue-sharing recipient. Franchise values would increase as the industry grew more robust. Baseball could move on to other problems.
So, what's the holdup?
The Giants, of course.
The Giants, who hold territorial rights to San Jose's home county, Santa Clara, only because the A's were kind enough to surrender them in the early 1990s, when the San Francisco team was exploring a move to the area.
Appeasing the Giants will not be easy — their owner, Bill Neukom, took over the club in 2008 with the knowledge that San Jose was part of the team's territory. They understandably do not want to lose sponsorship opportunities or diminish the value of their club in any way.
Well, baseball developed a blueprint for solving such a problem in March 2005, when it reached an agreement to move the Montreal Expos into the Orioles' territory in Washington, DC. The deal created the Nationals and guaranteed the Orioles at least $130 million a year in revenues and a sale price of at least $360 million.
The's/Giants conflict, in some ways, should be easier to resolve — the A's already exist in the Bay Area, while the Nationals did not exist in Washington. The Orioles/Nationals arrangement also included the formation of a new regional television network. The Giants and A's already maintain deals with separate Comcast entities.
“The idea that we're here, sitting on our hands and not letting this franchise get going is detrimental to the game,” says Boras, who grew up in Elk Grove, Calif., near Sacramento.
“A few franchises need to be evaluated and examined. Oakland can immediately improve and become a success if moved to San Jose. You would then have two well-run and successful franchises in the Bay Area.”
Neukom, like Orioles owner Peter Angelos, is an accomplished attorney. Baseball surely would not relish a prolonged, contentious negotiation with the Giants, but if that's what it takes to fix the A's, so be it.
Other low-revenue clubs are much more challenged.
Teams such as the Pirates, Royals, Padres and Reds believe that winning will solve their problems. Well, winning didn't work for the Rays and Indians, who failed to generate appreciable revenue increases during periods of recent success.
Now both clubs are stuck: The Rays can't get financing for a new ballpark, and the Indians are trapped in a city with a diminishing population and corporate base.
An NBA team can relocate to a city as small as Oklahoma City, but a major league franchise must be in a market strong enough to support 81 home dates.
Name a better possibility in North America than San Jose, where a 32,000-seat park for the A's is all but ready to go.
“If we had approval from baseball, it would take six to nine months to finish our drawings, then a maximum of two years to build,” A's owner Lew Wolff says. “So, I would say 30 to 36 months.
“The city has purchased most of the land. We are willing to give the money to buy the rest of it if they don't happen to have it. As far as financing, it will be done through debt and equity. We're not waiting for any kind of bond issues or government help, which we can't get anyway.
“In some ways, that makes it more difficult. But in some ways, it's simpler. We don't have to go to anyone.”
Absent public financing, the A's are confident the ballpark would pass a citywide ballot measure. The team in 2006 struck a 30-year naming-rights deal with Cisco that would provide $4 million annually. Its new multi-year agreement with Comcast SportsNet California also will help with financing, Wolff says.
Commissioner Bud Selig formed a committee in March 2009 to study the A's ballpark options. Wolff says it is their understanding that the committee's work is now done. Selig, through a spokesperson, declined comment.
Meanwhile, the A's remain in limbo, plodding along in Oakland. Franchises in baseball's other two-team markets — New York, Chicago and Los Angeles — share the same geographic territory. The Bay Area is different. The population in the Giants' territory, Wolff says, is twice as large as that in the A's territory.
“The whole thing is really ludicrous,” Wolff says.
For all their obstacles, the A's have built an intriguing club, one that might very well contend in 2011.
Their young pitching staff last season led the American League in ERA, and general manager Billy Beane has spent the winter making improvements through trades and modest free-agent signings.
The's failure to sign Beltre for the second straight offseason, however, illustrates the difficulty the team faces in landing premier free-agent talent.
A year ago, Beltre spurned a three-year, $24 million offer from the A's to sign a one-year, $10 million deal with the Red Sox. This time, they went to the Rangers for more money than the A's offered — five years, $80 million.
Their decision could help determine the outcome of the AL West race.
“You talk to players,” Boras says, without referring specifically to Beltre. “It's not the city. It's not the team. It's the ballpark. And there are no fans there.
“When teams recruit against the Oakland A's, they say, ‘Why do you want to play in an empty park?' It's not about the organization. It's not about ownership. It's about locale.”
Earlier this offseason, Lance Berkman rejected a two-year offer from the A's to sign a one-year deal with the Cardinals. When the A's do land free agents, it's usually because the players want to be in northern California or lack better options.
True, the A's signed designated hitter Hideki Matsui and relievers Grant Balfour and Brian Fuentes this offseason, but none is an elite talent. The team's outlay for the three in 2011 will be about $13 million combined.
For Beltre, the A's were willing to guarantee six years, but at $12.8 million per season, not $16 million. After Beltre signed for that price with the Rangers, the A's added Balfour and Fuentes, bringing their 2011 payroll to nearly $70 million.
Imagine how much stronger they would be in San Jose.
The three other AL West clubs — the Rangers, Angels and Mariners — play in terrific markets with terrific parks. The proposed 32,000-seat stadium in San Jose would be the smallest in the majors. But the A's average home attendance would almost double if they filled the park, and premium seating and luxury suites would provide additional revenue.
It's time. It's past time.
“In the end, this is hurting baseball,” Boras says. “It's depriving baseball players and baseball fans of a successful franchise. That's wrong. We need to correct that.”
The solution is within reach.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Kan. -- Police say from the very beginning after U.S. Marshals descended on Greg Andrews home near North 56th Street and Parallel Parkway around 8:30 Tuesday morning, a defiant Andrews refused to step outside their small white house on the corner and made threats against officers.
"I will not get quietly. You might as well put a bullet in me now," shouted the 56-year-old Andrews to the many officers who surrounded their house and blocked off the major intersection.
A huge crowd of neighbors, and people who said they supported Andrews and other curious bystanders gathered nearby.
At times, many of the adults chanted all kinds of things including, "Don't shoot! Don't shoot!"
Investigators say U.S. Marshals arrived at Andrews' home to try and serve them with three warrants including two for failing to register as a sex offender.
Police say for hours they tried to talk Andrews out of theirs home.
Finally, after six hours, dozens of federal marshals, KCK police officers and SWAT team members packed up and left after an incident commander with the police department said Andrews "was not a threat to the community."
"I was an innocent man, falsely accused, convicted and taken from my family," Andrews told FOX 4'S Robert Townsend during an interview.
"They were here because they were fake warrants that Wyandotte County Prosecutor Jerome Goran put out on me," said Greg Andrews.
"They have wrongly targeted this family. They have corruptly targeted this family," says an irate Renee Andrews, Greg's wife.
Wyandotte County Prosecutor Jerome Gorman says Greg Andrews' criminal record speaks for itself.
In December, 2009 a young girl accused Andrews of inappropriately touching them In March, 2012 a jury convicted Andrews of indecent liberties with a child under 16.
The self-proclaimed minister and gospel artist was sentenced to two and a half years in prison.
In July 2012, Andrews was also sentenced to 30 days in jail after being convicted of stalking a Wyandotte County judge.
"I will die a martyr's death!" yelled Greg Andrews as they waived from their locked home before police called finally called off the standoff.
"Oh yeah I know they will be back. This ain't over, " says Andrews.
Andrews said late Tuesday afternoon after the standoff ended, police were at the schools of their two children with social workers. Andrews said their 13-year-old daughter and 14-year-old son are now in state custody as investigators determine if their home is "a safe environment for the children."
A spokesperson for the Kansas City, Kan., Police Dept., said the incident remains under investigation and they will try another day to serve the warrants to Andrews.
About 7,000 people flooded Downtown Berkeley on Sunday in a confrontation between “alt-right” ralliers and counterprotesters that ended in pepper spray, purple smoke and 13 arrests.
Around 11 a.m., counterprotesters who marched from Ohlone Park in North Berkeley stood face to face with a small group of right-wing and white nationalist marchers at Martin Luther King Jr. Civic Center Park. The protesters had gathered as holdovers from the “No to Marxism in America” protest, which was canceled days before because of safety concerns.
Berkeley counterprotesters dwarfed those rallying for the “alt-right,” a demographic similar to a right-wing free speech rally in Boston on Aug 19. This pattern of disparity prompted police to escort ralliers out of dangerously outnumbered situations in both cities.
Several fights began to break out between the opposing sides, leading to arrests for a variety of violations, according to Berkeley Police Department.
“Tensions between protesters and counter-protesters are escalating,” BPD said in a Nixle alert. “If near Civic Center Park, leave immediately.”
About 1:30 p.m., police abandoned the security line at the Center Street and Milvia Street entrance to Civic Center Park, at which point protesters in the area stormed the park. Antifa members climbed over police barriers with flares, spraying plumes of purple smoke into the air.
Some groups also organized demonstrations at other locations in Berkeley, including the UC Berkeley West Crescent Lawn and Ohlone Park, to protest the “alt-right” rally. Protesters at the Crescent Lawn and Ohlone Park started marching toward Civic Center Park about noon.
Barbara Roose, activist and Holocaust survivor, was one of many who went to Civic Center Park to protest the “alt-right” rally.
“Hate speech leads to Holocaust. I'm a Holocaust survivor, and I lost a sister to the Holocaust, and there is Holocaust here in the United States,” Roose said. “I'm concerned because allowing hate speech … has led to … mass murder in other racist countries.”
The park, mixed with “alt-right” supporters and protesters, was surrounded by barricades that BPD had set up before the rally. About 12:15 p.m., counterprotesters in the park were chanting, “We're here, we're there, we fight the KKK!”
Approximately 50 police officers were spread out around the four entrances to the park.
“I'm here because we've known that there's racism … around the country forever, but since Trump was elected, it's emboldened them, and we want to show that racists and white supremacists need to crawl back under the rocks from where they were,” said Oakland resident Adam Gold, who attended the counterprotest in Ohlone Park. “If they plan to protest and be violent, we are going to stop them — just how we are going to stop the white supremacists in the White House.”
One man at Civic Center Park held up a sign that said “God Bless Donald Trump,” while the counterprotesters around them yelled, “Impeach Trump.” Arthur Schaper, a South Bay blogger who also attended the rally, wore a “Make America Great Again” hat as they spoke to the crowd.
“I think that Black lives matter, but I think my life matters too,” Schaper said to the crowd.
Erin Smith, a transgender Trump supporter, was shouted down by the crowd at the rally. They said that they voted for Trump but is “not political.” They added that they went to talk to some protesters and they became aggressive.
About 1:15 p.m., BPD officers on Allston Way and Milvia Street began putting their gas masks on, and around 3:15 p.m., the crowds began to disperse, according to a Nixle alert sent out by BPD.
Mayor Jesse Arreguín issued a press release at about 5 p.m. applauding the large numbers of people who came out to counterprotest, despite having previously asked community members to stay away. Arreguín praised those who peacefully opposed bigotry, but they criticized a small group of protesters who took to violence — “Fighting hate with hate does not work and only makes each side more entrenched in their ideological camps,” Arreguín wrote.
Oakland resident Serena Perez, who came to Civic Center Park to protest the alt-right, emphasized the importance of speaking out against the rise of white supremacy.
“You cannot let this type of disease fester and grow. If we don't come out here and stop it, it will grow,” Perez said. “I 100 percent recognize that there's a possibility for violence … (But) if you're not willing to stand for something … then you're not living at all.”
Sakura Cannestra, Gibson Chu, Rachael Cornejo, Chantelle Lee, Audrey McNamara, Francesca Munsayac, Malini Ramaiyer, Harini Shyamsundar, Amber Tang, Henry Tolchard and Ashley Wong all contributed to this report.
Contact the Daily Californian News Staff at [email protected].
After Kit Skelly died, their family found this story among their writings. Their younger sister, Robyn, read part of it in their eulogy at their memorial on March 13, 2013.
It was one of those days, everything was getting truly bizarre. The birds were talking to me as I walked down the street.
"Hey! Hey you, buddy" one chirped and I looked toward where the sound was coming from. I imagined that there must be some kind of speaker that had been planted up in the tree, for the sole purpose of pranking passersby. However, the only thing I could see in the tree was a bird and it continued to chirp out words.
Story continues below advertisement
"Made you look you idiot. What's wrong? Cat got your tongue? Speak up!"
I refused to speak, but kept walking down the road and as far down the road I walked other birds joined in the fun, calling me insulting names and trying to get my attention. A few birds shouted, well chirped loudly, at the other birds telling them to stop and often greeted me as I walked by, politely telling me what a wonderful day it was. I decided that not all birds were bad, but most were hecklers that whiled away their day being rude to as many other animals as possible. What a life.
Ever since I had moved into a homeless shelter, my life was filled with events like these, so I had grown used to the bizarre circumstances that came my way. This is where the story begins, because I believe it was when the birds started speaking to me that the true onset of atypical occurrences began. In other words, the birds were just the beginning. Soon enough, various voices made their way into my mind and settled there like it belonged to them to begin with. They started their act when I went to bed that very night. Once the snores of the other people staying in the shelter began, one voice could be heard in the snoring sounds of a fellow homeless person. With every snore a sentence was completed and I lay awake hearing its story.
Supposedly, the person snoring's name was Ian and they were an alien that could read my mind using an implanted radio that was in their brain. It cost them $8,000 and they had to buy it and have it installed on the alien black market. What they continued to tell me was that they had been watching me and knew who I was, as well as what I was about and it was obvious that I deserved a radio too.
So on the snoring went to say that if I was able to scrounge up $8,000 then I would be able to get a radio too and be able to read other peoples minds. They told me they were telling me this in confidence, and to prove their ability they told me they were going to draw a character of Mario from the video game in my brain. I promptly saw a Mario in my imagination and although it was all very convincing, I could tell by their tone that they were just messing with me. It was obvious that this alien enjoyed spending their time convincing others that they could purchase mind-reading technology for a measly $8,000. So I spoke back using my imagination and told them I didn't believe them and that they couldn't screw with me.
The snoring replied: "Well ain't that a son of a gun, a talking pear," and they refused to snore-talk to me again.
I was victorious, and now I knew that aliens were the source of the confusion in my life and I was determined to keep on top of the situation. The next morning, I confronted them outside and asked if their name was Ian. They denied it and I didn't bother pushing any further since I wasn't quite sure if they knew they had been possessed the night before. It was clear to me though that with the birds talking to me and people reading my mind that I was on to something big. The next day, the birds continued to talk and I decided to try speaking back. The end result was that I scared the shit out of a bird that didn't know I could understand what they were saying. At the time they were telling another bird about the perfect piece of fluff they had found when I spoke up, asking them where they got it from. Immediately, the bird pooped and asked the other bird if they had heard what I said. Then they started yelling at me as I walked away saying "You, you come back here, you can understand me?"
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
I stopped and walked back to the bird.
"Ya I can understand you."
"Holy shit a talking pear!" It said and then started laughing, or what came close to a laugh, in bird sounds and kept talking to its friend while I, being a bit in shock, walked away. It seemed they were in cahoots, this Ian and the bird and possibly everybody for that matter. I began to feel anxious as the people I passed by on the street kept saying crazy every time I walked past. Finally, I found myself in a library on a computer and this time it was the tapping of other peoples keyboards that started speaking to me. It sounded as if everyone else in the library was having secret conversations just by using the clacking sound of their fingers on the keys to express themselves. I sat and listened to the various conversations before leaving feeling excluded at what was obviously a secret society of people with the ability to read minds.
I later went to the docks to clear my head but it wasn't going to happen. An old man sitting on a bench nearby and I could hear them muttering.
"Look, we're just fucking with you. It happens to everyone. It's just too bad you don't have any friends to tell you. I'll tell you something ,though, its an age thing, everybody who grows to a certain age is let in on it. Of course, some find out about it earlier but most learn about it from their parents when they're older It's just too bad for you your parents hate you."
By now the man's voice had grown louder and they were looking right at me. I decided not to respond but instead laughed and skipped away. I was completely confused but I didn't want to believe what was being said to me and I was sure that as soon as I asked them what they were talking about he'd just do the same thing as Ian and pretend to not know anything. So I pondered on about what was going on and decided it must be a brain implant like the one Ian was talking about. It must've been put there at birth and I just didn't find out about it like most people supposedly did.
Story continues below advertisement
I was out of the loop and I didn't even know how to address the problem. It seemed like I was all alone in the matter until another voice came into the equation. It happened later that night when a voice suddenly told me to go jump in the lake. I couldn't see anybody around but the being continued to talk to me for the next three years. It began by saying that I was about to die and that somebody else would replace my mind. I stayed up all night tossing and turning as this other being introduced themselves and said that they would be taking over my mind from then on because they were promoted to the controller of my mind. I begged them not to and got extremely worked up when all of a sudden a huge change came over me and suddenly the walls were coated with words written all over them and I felt completely different.
Horror can be distilled into two pivotal questions: “What are we afraid of?” and “Who are we afraid for?” The upcoming stealth-horror game 2Dark, developed by Gloomywood, unites both concerns in a single answer.
Children. We're afraid for our children, what they do to us, and what might be done to them.
The biological impetus to safeguard our species' continuation, while profound and something easily empathised with, is often treated as anathema in regards to its value as a narrative device. By and large, media avoids jeopardising our progeny in pursuit of the story, an entirely understandable stance given the kind of atrocities that exist in the real world. Even with older forms of entertainment such as movies and books, we rarely see children being injured on-screen, their suffering implied rather than exhibited.
In light of that knowledge, 2Dark's approach to the topic is somewhat controversial. You can hurt children in the game. In fact, you can even kill them. This wasn't a decision that came easy to the Gloomywood team, which is helmed by Alone in the Dark designer Frederick Raynal.
“We had a prototype in San Francisco that we showed to many publishers including Nintendo,” recounted Gloomywood's production director Thierry Platon, a grey-haired man with a professor's bearing and an impish smile. “The answer was immediate: no children.”
The team went back to the drawing board, unnerved by the response they'd received. Were they doing the right thing? They decided then to remove the ability to shoot children. A bullet fired into the darkness would only harm monsters, never the kids you were meant to save. But that catalysed another problem since by removing that risk, they also changed the dynamics of the game itself.
“You have to be afraid to shoot,” Platon told me with an apologetic look. “So, we decided to reintroduce that feature.”
2Dark puts you into the shoes of a man named Mr. Smith, who bears an uncanny resemblance to Vertigo Comics' Constantine. Haunted by tragedy, he's made it their job—and yours, subsequently—to rescue kidnapped children from a multitude of serial killers. It's a grim premise and possibly one that tethers on the edge of being too much, a fact the team seems very conscious of.
“The subject is touchy,” said Raynal. “We spent a lot of time going ‘Oh no, this is too monstrous. Let's make something lighter.'”
To make 2Dark more palatable, Gloomywood did multiple things. Chiefly, they chose to adhere to the old edict: “show but don't tell,” allowing the player's mind to fill in the missing pixels. It's one of the reasons behind the game's unsettling, cartoony visuals. The team wanted to create a distance between the subject material and the reality it draws from.
“We are between the grotesque and a kind of dark humour,” said Raynal.
A similar logic propelled the design of 2Dark's antagonists, who Raynal describes as caricatures derived from pop-culture's repository of serial killer clichés. They're a motley bunch if the promotional images are any indication of things. There are mad scientists, corpulent men with pig masks and cleavers, and an obese blonde with a handful of unwilling “toys.” They're intentionally nothing like real serial killers, who are often paragons of normalcy, men and women with lives not unlike our own.
“We don't want to glorify serial killers. It's not the goal. We have fancy, colourful-looking serial killers but it's not our intention to make them look great,” Raynal explained.
Nothing about 2Dark extols the virtue of violence. If anything, it is the reverse that is prized. To achieve the highest possible scores in the Replay mode, for example, players will need to save all the children and avoid harming anyone but the main antagonist in each level. Even then, 2Dark will punish you for those deaths. Platon doesn't explain exactly what will occur as you rack up the body count, but they allude to “brain damage.”
“We want to make people think about the consequences of their actions even when you look like the good guy,” Platon said. “When you kill serial killers, you're still a killer yourself.”
Being human
At the root of it, 2Dark is a game about being human. And what is more human than that marrow-deep compulsion to protect your children?
“I always wanted to make another survival horror game,” Raynal confided. Having already helped create Alone in the Dark, however, they wanted to do something different, something unique. Raynal then began researching existing works and searching for an answer. That two-year quest led to an interesting epiphany.
“In all survival horror games, usually all you have to do is save yourself. I wanted to go further than that. I ended up asking myself: what's more important in your life than yourself? Your children, of course. If you have children, you can do anything for them.”
Platon is in full agreement. “When you become a parent, you have this new thing in your head that says, ‘I have to take care of this little person.' I see parents walking around Paris Games Week. They could be doing something else, but instead I see them looking about, always checking to see where the little ones are.
“Maybe it's a game for parents. Maybe not. But parents never try to kill children in this game. Only children try to kill children."
They recount anecdotes about how a 40-year-old man played through 2Dark and did everything possible to keep those under their charge safe. In contrast, teenagers seemed to delight in the mayhem. “When we were in Birmingham with this demo, a lady asked to let their child play. I warned them against it, but they weren't to be dissuaded. So I made the level very easy and let them loose.
“The kid played. They killed the rats, the dogs, got the children. At one point, they stopped, turned around, and shot them all. The mother cried out, ‘Oh, you can kill children!' and I replied, ‘I told you! Don't let your children play!' and they said, ‘OK, OK. I will take care. They will never play this game again.'”
While Raynal stresses that 2Dark isn't really intended to be a vehicle for a message, there is something intrinsically political about its basic nature. The children you're tasked with rescuing vary in amenability. In early levels, Platon explains, they're easy to work with, even eager to escape. As the game progresses, however, the difficulty ramps up and players will find themselves confronted with children who'd rather remain with their captors.
“Sometimes, when you are sold by your father and mother to be a sexual slave, you don't want to come home, “ Platon remarked, their face growing sombre. “You don't want to be saved.”
It's difficult to tell how 2Dark will be received by the gaming public. When Dead Island released its 2011 trailer, the Internet exploded. The three-minute clip depicted a young girl being transformed into a zombie and then flung from a building. Many regarded the video as exploitative, a cheap and cynical attempt to cultivate attention. (It should also be noted that no child zombies were featured in the actual game.)
In contrast, the upcoming DLC for This War of Mine, 11 bit Studios' absolutely harrowing exploration of civilian life during military conflict, has inspired less outrage despite putting children front and centre of the chaos. Why? Perhaps because the core game has always been deeply respectful of its central conceit, a compassion that seems likely to carry into the expansion.
Where 2Dark will fall on that spectrum is impossible to say at the moment, but it's hard to imagine it not ruffling a few feathers. 2Dark looks like it'd be an ugly, disconcerting experience—but then again, that is perhaps to be expected when you're chasing killers alone in the dark.
* * *
Finally, a non sequitur. I couldn't talk to Raynal about 2Dark and not ask about the Alone in the Dark franchise. Their response: “Shame! Forget that. And two, three, four, five? I reject them.” As for Uwe Boll's horrific Hollywood adaptation, they said. “It's even worse. So ashamed. So ashamed.”
2Dark should be released in 2016. No word on which platforms it will support, but it'll probably start off on Windows PCs.
In the paper “Lifting Operators and Laws”, Ralf Hinze identified an interesting class of applicative functors, so called strongly extensional applicative functors with K-combinators, that have a remarkable property: they satisfy every lifted base-level identity. An applicative functor m is called extensional if it satisfies the following property for each pair of values mf, mg :: m (a -> b) : if for each mx :: m a holds mf <*> mx == mg <*> mx , then mf == mg . In other words, the function
(<*>) :: m (a -> b) -> (m a -> m b)
is injective. If furthermore the function
(. pure) . (<*>) :: m (a -> b) -> (a -> m b)
is injective, then m is called strongly extensional. Clearly, a strongly extensional applicative functor is also extensional. For example, the environment monad, Maybe , and the list monad are strongly extensional. The reader is referred to the paper for the definition of what it means for an applicative functor to have K-combinators.
At the very end of the paper Ralf Hinze asked the following question: Is every extensional applicative functor also strongly extensional? When I saw this question, I thought immediately: “This must be true for monads.” I argued as follows: Suppose m is a monad that is also an extensional applicative functor. Let us show that it is also strongly extensional. Let mf, mg :: m (a -> b) and suppose that
(mf <*>) . pure == (mg <*>) . pure.
The functions (mf <*>) and (mg <*>) have type m a -> m b , where the types m a and m b are free m -algebras. It is natural to ask: Are these functions compatible with the m -algebra structure? In other words, are the functions (mf <*>) and (mg <*>) m -algebra morphisms? I trusted my intuition, which suggested that was indeed the case. Applying the following well known fact from category theory I concluded that (mf <*>) == (mg <*>) , and hence mf == mg by extensionality.
Lemma. Let a be a type and let g :: m b -> b be an m -algebra. There is a one-to-one correspondence between m -algebra morphisms h :: m a -> b from the free m -algebra join :: m (m a) -> m a to g :: m b -> b and functions a -> b . The correspondence is defined as follows: an m -algebra morphism h :: m a -> b is mapped to the composite h . return ; conversely, a function k :: a -> b is extended to an m -algebra morphism h = g . liftM k .
However, a more careful analysis given below shows, somewhat unexpectedly, that whether my guess that (mf <*>) and (mg <*>) are m -algebra morphisms is correct depends on which of the two applicative structures of m we consider.
The point is, any Monad can be made Applicative in two different ways: by taking pure = return and (<*>) = ap , where
ap :: Monad m => m (a -> b) -> m a -> m b ap mf mx = do f <- mf x <- mx return (f x)
or by taking (<*>) to be the variant of ap , which we denote by pa , that performs the computations mf and mx in the opposite order:
pa :: Monad m => m (a -> b) -> m a -> m b pa mf mx = do x <- mx f <- mf return (f x)
There are no obvious reasons to prefer ap over pa , except that it appears more natural to perform the computations in the order they are supplied, which is probably why the applicative structure given by pa is overlooked.
Proposition. The function pa mf :: m a -> m b is an m -algebra morphism, for each mf :: m(a -> b) . If m is a commutative monad, then also ap mf :: m a -> m b is an m -algebra morphism.
Before giving the proof of the proposition, which is straightforward, let me briefly recall the relevant notions.
An m -algebra is a type a together with a function f :: m a -> a , called the action, such that
f . return == id and f . lift f == f . join.
Given two m -algebras f :: m a -> a and g :: m b -> b , an m -algebra morphism is a function h :: a -> b such that
h . f == g . liftM h.
For any type a , the type m a is an m -algebra whose action is given by join :: m (m a) -> m a . m -algebras of this form are called free. A function g :: m a -> m b is an m -algebra morphism if
join . liftM g == g . join,
or equivalently, if for any mmx :: m (m a) holds
join (liftM g mmx) == g (join mmx)
For completeness, we also recall the definitions of join and liftM :
join :: Monad m => m (m a) -> m a join mmx = mmx >>= id liftM :: Monad m => (a -> b) -> m a -> m b liftM f mx = mx >>= \ x -> return (f x)
Proof of Proposition. Let us show that for each mf :: m (a -> b) , the function pa mf :: m a -> m b is an m -algebra morphism. As explained above, we need to show that for each mmx :: m (m x) , the equation
join (liftM (pa mf) mmx) == pa mf (join mmx)
holds true. Let us transform the left hand side:
join (liftM (pa mf) mmx) == {- definition of join -} (liftM (pa mf) mmx) >>= id == {- definition of liftM -} (mmx >>= \mx -> return (pa mf mx)) >>= id == {- "associativity" monad law -} mmx >>= \mx -> return (pa mf mx) >>= id == {- "left identity" monad law -} mmx >>= \mx -> pa mf mx == {- definition of pa -} mmx >>= \mx -> mx >>= \x -> mf >>= \f -> return (f x)
The right hand side can be written as follows:
pa mf (join mmx) == {- definition of join -} pa mf (mmx >>= id) == {- definition of pa -} (mmx >>= id) >>= \x -> mf >>= \f -> return (f x) == {- "associativity" monad law -} mmx >>= \mx -> id mx >>= \x -> mf >>= \f -> return (f x) == {- definition of id -} mmx >>= \mx -> mx >>= \x -> mf >>= \f -> return (f x)
The obtained expressions are identical, hence the assertion.
Suppose that m is a commutative monad. Let us show that the function ap mf :: m a -> m b is also an m -algebra morphism. Again, we have to prove that for each mmx :: m (m a) , the equation
join (liftM (ap mf) mmx) == ap mf (join mmx)
holds true. On the one hand, we have:
join (liftM (ap mf) mmx) == {- definitions of join -} (liftM (ap mf) mmx) >>= id == {- definition of liftM -} (mmx >>= \mx -> return (ap mf mx)) >>= id == {- "associativity" monad law -} mmx >>= \mx -> return (ap mf mx) >>= id == {- "left identity" monad law -} mmx >>= \mx -> ap mf mx == {- definition of ap -} mmx >>= \mx -> mf >>= \f -> mx >>= \x -> return (f x) == {- syntactic sugar -} do mx <- mmx f <- mf x <- mx return (f x)
On the other hand:
ap mf (join mmx) == {- definition of join -} ap mf (mmx >>= id) == {- definition of ap -} mf >>= \f -> (mmx >>= id) >>= \x -> return (f x) == {- "associativity" monad law -} mf >>= \f -> mmx >>= \mx -> id mx >>= \x -> return (f x) == {- definition of id -} mf >>= \f -> mmx >>= \mx -> mx >>= \x -> return (f x) == {- syntactic sugar -} do f <- mf mx <- mmx x <- mx return (f x)
These expressions are equal because m is commutative, hence the assertion. Q.E.D.
We can now partly answer Ralf Hinze's question “Is any extensional monad also strongly extensional?”
Proposition. Let m be a monad, and suppose its applicative structure is given by pure = return and (<*>) = pa . If m is extensional, then it is also strongly extensional.
Proof. Suppose m is extensional. Let us show it is also strongly extensional. Let mf, mg :: m (a -> b) and suppose that
pa mf (return x) == pa mg (return x)
for each x :: a . Because pa mf and pa mg are m -algebra morphisms, it follows by the lemma that pa mf == pa mg , which by the extensionality implies mf == mg . Q.E.D.
I find this apparent asymmetry in the properties of ap and pa bizarre. On the one hand, the answer to Ralf Hinze's question seems to depend on which applicative structure we equip the monad with. Most likely, the answer is affirmative in both cases, but I haven't found a proof yet. On the other hand, there is probably no asymmetry here, as the function ap produces m -algebra morphisms when partially applied to the second argument, while pa partially applied to the second argument is an m -algebra morphism if and only if m is commutative.
Are there any real world examples in which the applicative structure of monads given by pa has advantages over that given by ap ?
Advertisements
Yesterday I heard a beautiful Dvar Torah at a friend's home.
To put it very simply, they said that it is our job as Jews to share the miracles of our lives. To share the incredible things that happen around us and to us. By publicizing miracles, we are helping to bring Moshiach.
The most beautiful miracle that's ever happened to us is that we are still here. That we exist. That through all the pogroms, the Holocaust, the wars, the attacks on Israel, and everything else, that we continue to live and to thrive. We are here.
No time makes this more clear than Hanukkah, the celebration that showed the world once and for all that they would not extinguish our flame. With that in mind, I present to you ten Hanukkah photos (in chronological order) taken throughout the difficulties, and ups and downs, of our modern history. They are but small pictures into the larger theme that is the miracle of being a Jew.
Enjoy.
1. A Menorah Defies Nazi Rule, 1933
This photo was taken as the Nazis were rising to power, a symbol of the belief that the Jews could and would survive anything. The risk the person taking it must have faced is almost impossible to imagine, and as this article shows, the people behind it were truly incredible.
2. A Refugee With A Hanukkah Menorah, 1933-1939
According to this page (which has a lot of other incredible photos) this photo was “staged”. I'm not exactly sure what that means, but this photo is so powerful, I had to include it. I tried to find more info about it but that was the only page I found it on. If anyone has any more information about it, I'd love to hear from you.
3. Holland Labor Camp Prisoners Gather For Menorah Lighting, 1943
This photo was taken in Westerbook Transit Camp, a labor camp in Holland that held Jewish prisoners before they were deported to places like Auschwitz. Read more about this picture and others here.
4. Orphans Of The War Perform At Lindenfels DP Center, circa 1940 (in the USA)
Lindenfels was essentially an orphanage in American-occupied Frankfurt. Read more about the center here.
5. Jewish Soldiers Work On Giant Menorah With Their Chaplain, Circa 1950
6. Israel, 1950s
7. Soldier Lights Menorah With Their Family, 1950s
Thanks to Saul Sudin for posting this picture on their Facebook last night.
8. An Elderly Couple Looks Over Their Menorah In A Care Home In Acre, Israel, 1960s
9. “Hanukkah Live” with the Lubavitcher Rebbe, 1991
Found in the Avner Institute archive, this incredible photo shows the day (years before the Internet) when the Lubavitcher Rebbe ran an unprecedented event called “Hanukkah Live” that joined people in New York, Paris, Moscow, Melbourne, Hong Kong and Jerusalem in celebrating Hanukkah through satellite hookup.
10. Gilad Shalit Lights Candles During Their First Hanukkah Free From Captivity, 2011
What better picture to encapsulate the endurance of the Jewish people? I love this one, and it almost always brings a tear to my eye.
Thanks to everyone for enjoying this collection. If you have any other photos you'd like to share, please don't hesitate to post them in the comments.
A group of progressive and women's rights groups are backing a primary challenger to Rep. Daniel Lipinski Daniel William Lipinski5 House Dems likely to attract primary challengers Abortion foes march into divided Washington Progressives to target Dem reps in 2020 primary fights MORE (D-Ill.), providing a swing of momentum against one of the few anti-abortion rights Democrats left in the House.
NARAL Pro-Choice America, MoveOn.org, Human Rights Campaign, the Progressive Change Campaign Committee and Democracy for America have decided to back Marie Newman, a former advertising consultant and anti-bullying nonprofit head, in their bid to unseat Lipinski.
The progressive groups criticized Lipinski's record on abortion, same-sex marriage and immigration in their statements, which were provided exclusively to The Hill ahead of Tuesday's official endorsement.
"Time is up for Congressman Lipinski. For too long, Dan Lipinski has ignored the needs of working families across Illinois, by pushing their fringe ideological agenda at the expense of women and families across the state,” Ilyse Hogue, NARAL's president, said in a statement.
ADVERTISEMENT
"In contrast, Marie Newman holds equality and self-determination as non-negotiable and will fight for all of our rights, including our reproductive freedom. NARAL members are proud to stand with Marie Newman as they fight to give Illinois families a voice in Congress,” they said.
Stephanie Taylor, co-founder of Progressive Change Campaign Committee, blasted Lipinski by arguing that while they "may have a D next to their name ... they aren't a Democrat."
Charles Chamberlain, Democracy for America's executive director, argued that Lipinski's "right-wing ideology is profoundly out of step with a twenty-first century Democratic Party." MoveOn.org's Matt Blizek called Lipinski "one of the worst Democrats in Congress." And the Human Rights Campaign's JoDee Winterhof said that the district needs "new leadership and someone who will fight for full LGBTQ equality in Congress."
In their own statement, Newman promised to fight for a "better, more inclusive, fairer system of government that supports the rights and opportunities of all people."
The endorsements come less than two weeks after Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand Kirsten Elizabeth GillibrandWarren Buffett: I would support Bloomberg if they ran for president Warren vows to forgo 'fancy receptions or big money fundraisers' Dem Party chief defends initial response to Smollett incident: 'We acted on the facts as we knew at the time' MORE (D-N.Y.) announced their own support for Newman. Newman also won the endorsement of the progressive blog Daily Kos over the summer.
The battle over Lipinski's seat threatens one of the few remaining anti-abortion rights Democrats in Congress. Lipinski, one of only two Democratic members of the Congressional Pro-Life Caucus, was one of three members of the party this year who voted for a bill that would ban abortion after 20 weeks.
Progressives have also criticized Lipinski for other policy positions, such as support of a religious liberty bill that opponents believe would allow for discrimination against same-sex couples.
The endorsements could provide Newman a fundraising boost, which they will need to have a chance to take on the well-funded incumbent. As of the end of September, Lipinski had $1.5 million banked away in their campaign account, while Newman had $97,600.
Lipinski has been up front and vocal about their pro-life leanings, and their constituents have sent them back to Washington every election since they first won their seat in 2004.
The member of congress has argued that anti-abortion lawmakers serve a valuable purpose in the Democratic Party, allowing a shot to win more conservative districts. That's the stance shared by Democratic leaders who have argued for a big-tent and raised concerns that an "abortion litmus test" could hurt the Democratic push to take the House majority.
But progressives have opposed that strategy, arguing that the party has an obligation to its voters to embrace the values it laid out in its platform and stand up for abortion rights.
The Illinois congressional seat is likely to stay in Democratic hands regardless of who wins the primary — 2016 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE won the district by 15 points.
--This story was updated at 12:50 p.m.
PULLMAN, Wash. - Washington State University police are asking that a USC football player be charged with a felony for an incident that occurred at the end of the Trojans game in Pullman.
Cell phone camera video of WSU students storming the field after the Cougar win shows a fan getting leveled by aTrojan. That player has been identified as first-year student defensive lineman Liam Jimmons.
The WSU student that got hit has been to the hospital twice for a concussion suffered from the alleged assault. Because of the seriousness of the injury, WSU police want Jimmons to be charged with felony second degree assault. The case has been turned over to the Whitman County Prosecutor's Office for a charging decision. Jimmons has appeared in five games for USC this season.
More than 90 women in Germany reported they were either sexually assaulted or robbed outside a train station in Cologne on New Year's Eve, with similar events taking place in two other major cities.
The news of the mass sexual assaults by “North African groups” of around 1,000 people didn't break until Monday afternoon when Cologne's police chief Wolfgang Albers called it a “completely new dimension of crime.” The number of total assaults has since grown from 60 to more than 100, spanning over three cities.
Similar incidents as the ones in Cologne took place in Stuttgart and Hamburg, with two and nine incidents, respectively. All three cities report the same profile of large groups groping women to distract them in order to steal their purses, but police say there are no indications of the events being related.
“There were lots of girls, all crying uncontrollably,” an anonymous victim said of the atmosphere inside the train station in Cologne, according to Deutsche Welle.
A video has surfaced of the immigrants throwing fire crackers around at the scene of the attack.
WATCH:
Chancellor Angela Merkel condemned the attacks, but said that refugees should not be judged for the events.
“It's completely improper… to link a group that appeared to come from North Africa with the refugees,” Merkel said Tuesday.
A police spokesperson told DW that “the recent hints go significantly toward police known offenders, refugees have nothing to do with it.”
Police have not made any arrests in relation to the events.
Follow Jacob on Twitter
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
From the moment Mike Brown marches back into the Cleveland Cavaliers, ownership needs to empower them to tell everyone the truth: LeBron James is gone and he's never returning to the franchise.
No more tanking for draft picks. No more empty free-agent classes. No more false promises and mirages. No more illusions of chasing James in the summer of 2014, only to compromise themselves over and over in the conceptual pursuit of him.
The Cavaliers have a franchise player, Kyrie Irving, and here's the problem today: No one cares their thoughts on the next coach, nor how the hiring affects him. Every day Brown's ever spent on the job as Cavaliers coach, every choice and action was colored with how LeBron James would react, how he'd respond.
For the good of this franchise, Brown doesn't need to be set up again as the fall guy for James wanting to play elsewhere. Three years later, Brown returns to coach the Cavaliers and somehow they're all still trying to get LeBron James to love them.
"The way Mike had to bend for LeBron weakened them as a leader," one former Cavaliers staffer told Yahoo! Sports. "They'd be crazy to put them through that again. It's pointless."
[Related: Mike Brown gets five-year, $20 million contract to return to Cleveland]
It is a fact James' agent, Rich Paul, has eagerly created anticipation for James' possible return in 2014, but eventually their client will have to spare themselves the pummeling of raising Northeast Ohio's hopes, only to dash them under closer inspection of the move.
To trade Pat Riley and Erik Spoelstra for Cavs general manager Chris Grant and Brown is unfathomable. Riley has surrounded James with magnificent talent and a winning culture, and Spoelstra's creativity and discipline have played a significant part in their transcendent evolution.
Story continues
Yes, James loves Northeast Ohio and will always keep a home there, but the idea of returning as the conquering hero is probably much more romantic than reality. Outside of Irving, there's still little infrastructure to these Cavaliers.
Privately, the Cleveland front office has pitched a fantasy of trading young players and picks to Portland for All-Star forward LaMarcus Aldridge, sources said. Only, that's never going to happen. Cleveland is far higher on its two top-five picks, Tristan Thompson and Dion Waiters, than the rest of the NBA.
Outside of winning the lottery for Irving, it's hard to make the case for one thing the Cavaliers have gotten right in the wake of James' departure.
[Also: Pacers swingman Paul George wins Most Improved Player award]
And all the Shane Battiers and Ray Allens who had come into James' life with the Heat wouldn't join them in Cleveland. As Battier told Yahoo! Sports in March about the lure of LeBron James for veteran free agents willing to take discounts to chase championships with him, "It'll help them if he's in a warm city."
"I love LeBron, but if LeBron asks me to go play with the Anchorage Bears of the Alaskan Basketball Association," Battier said, "that'll be a tough sell for Mrs. Battier."
If you're living and playing on the shores of Biscayne Bay, Cleveland is Anchorage.
There's no shame there. This isn't an indictment of Cleveland. It's a great, passionate NBA market, but the Cavaliers need to start trying to win basketball games. They have a franchise player, and they've squandered chances to surround them with the best available talent. Thompson over Jonas Valanciunas made no sense on draft day, and makes even less now.
Byron Scott never fought the front office on gutting the roster, but Brown won't have patience for it. Brown isn't flashy, but their teams are excellent on the defensive end, and few, if any, more appealing coaching candidates were accessible for Cleveland. The call to Phil Jackson was a farce, a way for the organization to simply say, "See, we tried."
For Brown, the choice was easy: For the happiness of their family, they moved back to Cleveland. They want to live there and they want to coach again. What job is out there that's so much better that they would want to uproot their family again?
[Adrian Wojnarowski: The irrepressible Tom Thibodeau]
As one league source who knows Brown well said, "There are still some scars," and most of those centered on the relationship with owner Dan Gilbert. Brown understands that former GM Danny Ferry fought Gilbert to keep them as coach in 2010, and that ultimately played a part in Ferry walking out of the job. To keep James, Gilbert believed they had to fire Brown.
As it turns out, it wouldn't have mattered. LeBron was gone, and they were never coming back in 2010. Three years later, Brown is back and the Cavaliers no longer need to live in make-believe land. These are Kyrie Irving's Cleveland Cavaliers and the franchise needs to stop stalling, stop selling false hope and start winning again. As Mike Brown walks back into the room, let them say it for everyone to hear. Once and for all, let this franchise, this city, this coach – let everyone – move on.
Other popular content on Yahoo! Sports:
• Watch: Who will deal on NFL draft night?
• Snoop Lion's son sets off recruiting war in Los Angeles
• Chael Sonnen facing long odds against Jon Jones
Eight months after resigning their position on the Arkansas football staff, Jessica Dorrell has landed a new job after moving to South Carolina.  They are shown here at Reynolds Razorback Stadium in March.
 Jessica Dorrell, whose relationship with Bobby Petrino became public knowledge and national news following a motorcycle accident earlier this month, has resigned, the University of Arkansas announced Tuesday.
Dorrell will receive a private, non-taxpayer settlement of $13,993.75 with the university to be paid within two weeks. In exchange for the settlement, Dorrell agreed to not attempt to profit from their affiliation with the Razorbacks.
The UA has no immediate plans to reopen the vacated position, which will be filled by existing staff members for the time being, according to the release.
“While Ms. Dorrell had a legitimate right to apply for and accept a position within the football program, the circumstances surrounding the former coach's decision to hire them compromised their ability to be effective in such a position,” UA athletics director Jeff Long said. “She and I believe they should have the opportunity to move on.”
Dorrell had been on administrative leave from their job as student-athlete development coordinator.
In documents obtained through Freedom of Information Act request, Long approved an expedited process that resulted in Dorrell's hiring last month.
Clayton Hamilton, writing on Long's behalf, requested to UA assistant director of affirmative action Danielle Wood on March 19 to waive a 30-day job posting requirement so "an individual can be identified as soon as possible."
The position was posted on Feb. 28. Interviews were completed March 12-16, and Dorrell was hired on March 20.
Dorrell started the position March 23, but they were not officially introduced by the university until March 28.
Hamilton, who is listed as the athletics department's chief financial officer, wrote, "Timeliness during the process will be essential since any delay could result in missing a critical recruiting period when prospects are identified and plans are made to invite them to our campus for a recruiting visit."
DOCUMENTS Petrino wreck documents
Dorrell was one of three finalists who interviewed for the position. The names of the other finalists are redacted, but the documents released include travel and interview itineraries for Ben Wilkerson and Tiffany Fields.
All three finalists for the position went through an extensive one-day interview process, meeting with eight athletics department staffers, including former head football coach, Petrino.
In their letter asking to hire Dorrell, Petrino said the former volleyball player "had the best experience and we felt like they would be the best fit for this position."
"Jessica was a former student-athlete who understands the NCAA and SEC rules and regulations with regards to recruiting," an unknown author wrote in an interview feedback. "She also knows how to relate to potential recruits since they were a former athlete at the U of A.
"She has a natural networking ability who can communicate to coaches, student-athletes and donors. Out of the three candidates, Jessica has the most overall experience of building the relationships that the football program is looking for."
Of the other two finalists, Petrino wrote: "Great candidate but not as much relevant experience as other candidates for this particular position."
Petrino was fired last week for what Long described as manipulative and misleading behavior in an attempt to cover up an inappropriate relationship with Dorrell. Petrino also paid Dorrell $20,000 prior to their hire. According to documents obtained Friday, Dorrell used the money to purchase an Acura automobile during the first week of their employment with the football program.
The two were involved in a single motorcycle accident on April 1 causing Long to review their relationship.
In Long's letter of termination to Petrino, they wrote, "you deliberately failed to tell me that you had engaged in an extra-marital affair with Ms. Dorrell over a period of several months leading up to your recommendation to hire them As such, you used your University position to advance your personal interests in violation of the University's policies on conflict of interest. If you had been forthcoming with me about the true nature of your relationship, I would not have approved the hiring of Ms. Dorrell for this position."
Long continued, "All of these facts, individually and collectively, are clearly contrary to the character and responsibilities of the person occupying the position of the Head Football Coach - an individual who should serve as a role model and leader for our student-athletes. Moreover, all of these facts, individually and collectively, negatively and adversely affect the reputation of the University of Arkansas as well as our athletics programs."
Dorrell listed four years of related experience on their resume for the position. Nine of the 159 candidates for the position listed at least 10 years experience.
Five applications were marked as incomplete and one candidate withdrew from consideration during the hiring process.
According to the documents, Dann Kabala resigned from the position Feb. 24.
Read tomorrow's Arkansas Democrat-Gazette for full details.
Thank you for coming to the website of the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette. We're working to keep you informed with the latest breaking news.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
March 13, 2016, 12:58 PM GMT / Updated March 13, 2016, 11:35 PM GMT By Mark Murray
Donald Trump leads the Republican presidential field in the March 15 primary states of Florida and Illinois, while John Kasich holds the edge in their home state of Ohio, according to three new NBC News/Wall Street Journal/Marist polls.
On the Democratic side, meanwhile, Hillary Clinton leads Bernie Sanders in all three states, although she's just narrowly ahead in Illinois.
In Florida, Trump holds a 2-to-1 advantage among likely GOP voters over Marco Rubio, the state's U.S. senator, 43 percent to 22 percent. They're followed by Ted Cruz at 21 percent and John Kasich at 9 percent.
In Illinois, Trump gets the support of 34 percent of likely GOP primary voters, Cruz gets 25 percent, Kasich gets 21 percent and Rubio gets 16 percent.
But in Ohio, Kasich, the state's incumbent governor, holds a six-point lead over Trump, 39 percent to 33 percent – followed by Cruz at 19 percent and Rubio at 6 percent.
In the Democratic race, Clinton is ahead of Sanders among likely primary voters by 27 points in Florida, 61 percent to 34 percent; by 20 points in Ohio, 58 percent to 38 percent; but by just six points in Illinois, 51 percent to 45 percent.
The size of Clinton's lead in all three states directly correlates to their advantage with African-American Democratic voters – 57 points in Florida (77 percent to 20 percent), 48 points in Ohio (72 percent to 24 percent) and 39 points in Illinois (67 percent to 28 percent).
Among Latinos, Clinton holds just a five-point edge over Sanders in Florida, 51 percent to 46 percent, while Sanders leads Clinton among Latinos in Illinois, 64 percent to 30 percent.
Clinton, Sanders lead Trump in Florida and Ohio
In hypothetical general-election matchups in Florida, Clinton bests Trump by eight points among all registered voters, 49 percent to 41 percent, Cruz by five, 48 percent to 43 percent, and Rubio by one, 47 percent to 46 percent.
Sanders, meanwhile, is up by eight points against Trump, 50 percent to 42 percent, and seven points versus Cruz, 48 percent to 41 percent.
In Ohio, Clinton is ahead of Trump by six points, 48 percent to 42 percent. But they trail Cruz by two, 47 percent to 45 percent, and Kasich by 21, 57 percent to 36 percent.
Sanders tops Trump in the state by nine points, 50 percent to 41 percent, and Cruz by one, 45 percent to 44 percent.
The NBC/WSJ/Marist polls in Florida, Illinois and Ohio were conducted March 4-10. In Florida, the poll surveyed 2,422 total registered voters (which has a margin of error of plus-minus 2.0 percentage points), 511 likely GOP primary voters (plus-minus 4.3 percentage points) and 500 likely Democratic primary voters (plus-minus 4.4 percentage points).
In Illinois, the poll surveyed 1,968 registered voters (plus-minus 2.2 percentage points), 529 likely Democratic primary voters (plus-minus 4.3 percentage points) and 421 likely GOP primary voters (plus-minus 4.8 percentage points).
And in Ohio, the poll surveyed 2,052 registered voters (plus-minus 2.2 percentage points), 564 likely GOP voters (plus-minus 4.1 percentage points) and 453 likely Democratic primary voters (plus-minus 4.6 percentage points).
African American, Latin studies required to graduate high school in Bridgeport
Bridgeport School Board Vice-Chairperson Sauda Baraka during special meeting in June. Bridgeport School Board Vice-Chairperson Sauda Baraka during special meeting in June. Photo: Christian Abraham / Hearst Connecticut Media Buy photo Photo: Christian Abraham / Hearst Connecticut Media Image 1 of / 10 Caption Close African American, Latin studies required to graduate high school in Bridgeport 1 / 10 Back to Gallery
BRIDGEPORT — City high school students will have to take a half-year course in African American Studies, Caribbean/Latin American Studies or Perspectives on Race to graduate, beginning with the Class of 2022.
The new mandate, approved unanimously by the city school board Monday, makes the district one of the few in the country to require the course of study.
Philadelphia public schools have required students to take an African American history course since 2005. In Los Angeles, students are required to take an ethnic studies class.
“It is going to make a great deal of difference to our children and our families,” Sauda Baraka, vice chairperson of the school board, said of the local decision. “It will really help us with the learning process. Cultural competency has been shown to change the direction of young people and make them more interested in learning.”
Baraka, who will leave the school board in December after 12 years on the panel, has been urging the adoption of a such a course of study for some time.
Board member Dennis Bradley also spoke in favor of the mandate. Throughout their schooling, they said, history was taught in a very Euro-centric fashion. Discussions of African Americans were framed around issues of slavery or Civil Rights, little else.
Ben Walker, chair of the board's Teaching and Learning committee, said the work to make a proposal would have come sooner had the board not suspended meetings for four months last fall due to a boycott led by Bradley.
The planning also coincided with new state graduation requirements that by 2023 will require students to take more courses. Local officials were uncertain if there would be room for the new local requirements and some consideration was given to making it a middle school requirement instead.
A curriculum committee led by Jay Lipp, a Fairchild Wheeler principal, and Christine Morrone, until recently director of social work, found ways to make it work at the high school by pairing the requirement with a mandated half-year civics class.
The idea will be to give students a choice between the three courses — African American Studies, Caribbean/Latin American Studies or Perspectives on Race — which would be paired with a half year course in civics.
Before the courses can be offered, teachers have to write the curriculum, books have to be purchased and as many as six teachers must be trained in teaching the courses.
The district plans to seek assistance from Fairfield University and others and will seek grants to cover the price tag which could reach higher than $180,000.
“I do believe it is the right direction to go in,” Schools Superintendent Aresta Johnson said of the plan. “We are excited about the work.”
Just about half of the district's 21,000 students are Latino and 35 percent are African American.
Walker said eventually, the plan is to add a middle school component and more in-depth high school electives.
The district now offers a smattering of electives in African-American studies, Latin American studies and African-American Literature.
Shaun Mitchell, a teacher at Central High, teaches the African-American Literature course, and said a mandated course on Racial Perspectives can be a really good thing.
“As diverse as we are in Bridgeport, I still think we misunderstand our racial and cultural identities — even within our own cultures. And given the political climate of our country, any understanding of who we are as people can only be beneficial,” Mitchell said.
Baraka said during one committee meeting they were part of a group forced to take an African-American studies course in high school. It changed their direction, they said, leading them to major in African-American studies in college.
“I know it will change the lives of our children,” they said. “The three courses together will be incredible.”
SWINDON councillors will debate tonight whether to dispose of 12 local recycling sites around the borough and offer them to new parish councils to run instead.
If it goes ahead the move could save the authority £25,000 a year.
New controls on commercial waste taken to the Cheney Manor recycling centre are also on the agenda at the cabinet meeting.
The sites, currently run by contractors on behalf of the council, collect around 900 tonnes of glass, cans, paper and Tetrapak cartons each year.
But a report before the committee suggests all of it apart from the cartons can be dealt with using the kerbside collections every fortnight.
Coun Keith Williams, cabinet member for Streetsmart, told the Advertiser: “The sites have been there for a long time, before the household collection system that we have today came into its own.”
They accepted that some households might have more recycling waste like bottles and newspapers than their black boxes could cope with, but they said: “Where people need more recycling boxes we are willing to provide them.”
The cartons could be put into general waste and then converted into solid recovered fuel at the contractor's Waterside plant.
The mini recycling points, called bring sites by the authority, were also being abused by some people.
“With some of the sites we are finding that people are not just brining items that can be recycled, they are becoming a bit of a magnet for fly-tipping,” they said.
Crews arriving to empty the containers were discovering dumped sofas, TVs and other waste and because their trucks were not equipped to deal with them, other workers were having to be sent to clear them up.
Asked whether removal of the sites might trigger more fly-tipping in the borough, they said: “People who will actually take the trouble to take it to a 'bring' site are not the people who cannot be bothered to recycle.”
The report also recommends new restrictions on waste taken to the borough tip, including asking users to provide evidence that they live in the borough, recording the details of users and introducing a new charge for recycling plasterboard.
If the measures are agreed vans and trailers will be limited to 12 visits a year, loads will be inspected by site staff to ensure they are legitimate household waste and rubbish from properties outside the borough boundaries will be turned away.
Coun Williams said there was an issue with businesses using the site to dispose of commercial waste.
“Only last week one of the crews spotted the same car repeatedly coming to the site," they said.
"They found out it was a restaurant trying to dispose of trade waste. They were stopped and turned away.”
They stressed: “It is just making sure that the service is not abused and that the residents of Swindon, who are paying for it, are getting a good service.”
Iraq and Iran sign Kirkuk oil swap deal
BAGHDAD – Reuters
Iraq has agreed to swap up to 60,000 barrels per day of crude produced from the northern Iraqi Kirkuk oilfield for Iranian oil, Iraqi Oil Minister Jabar al-Luaibi has said.
The agreement signed by the two countries provides for Iran to deliver to Iraq's southern ports, on the Gulf, “oil of the same characteristics and in the same quantities” as those it would receive from Kirkuk, Luaibi said in a statement on Dec. 9.
The deal in effect allows Iraq to resume sales of Kirkuk crude, which have been halted since Iraqi forces took back control of the fields from the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) in October.
Between 30,000 and 60,000 bpd of Kirkuk crude will be delivered by tanker trucks to the border area of Kermanshah, where Iran has a refinery, Luaibi said.
The two countries are planning to build a pipeline to carry the oil from Kirkuk, so as to avoid trucking the crude, they said.
The pipeline could replace the existing export route from Kirkuk via Turkey and the Mediterranean by pipeline.
The autonomous KRG forces took control of Kirkuk in 2014, when the Iraqi army collapsed in the face of Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), preventing the region's oilfields from falling into the hands of the militants.
Russian Energy Minister Alexander Novak did not discuss operations by Russian oil companies on the KRG soil with the Iraqi prime minister or oil minister during their trip to Iraq, the Iraqi oil ministry said on Dec. 7.
“At a time when the oil ministry welcomes all international oil companies to invest and work in Iraq, it also affirms that oil is a sovereign resource, and therefore all contracts ... should be signed with the federal government and the oil ministry,” it said in a statement.
“Anything contrary to that means these entities are liable for all the consequences, legal and financial responsibilities, and damages resulting from that.”
Novak had tweeted on Dec. 6 that the government of Iraq had no objections regarding operations by Russian oil companies in the semi-autonomous KRG region of northern Iraq.
The MPAA has been doing a full-court press in Brazil, a country where copyright infringement, Creative Commons, and poverty are all widespread. In a telling interview, they described the MPAA's differences with the Creative Commons movement:
"They [Creative Commons supporters] don't always agree with what we advocate," Frazier responded. "And you are talking about democratizing culture, this is not in our interests. It really isn't my interest."
Although this answer may not really come as a surprise, combined with their previous answers it shows how subjective the MPAA's view on creativity and culture is. According to the MPAA piracy is ruining culture, but at the same time they are not allowing others to use even tiny snippets of their works.
The MPAA is apparently only interested in creativity and culture when it applies to the works their studios produce. Needless to say, this isn't necessarily what's most beneficial to society. The MPAA is merely protecting their corporate interests.
Donald Trump attends the 2016 annual New York State Republican Gala on April 14 in New York City. | Getty 5 numbers that matter in New York
Continuing our POLITICO feature, where we dig into the latest polls and loop in other data streams to tell the story of the 2016 campaign.
New York may be the media capital of the world, but the airwaves are mostly quiet in next Tuesday's GOP presidential primary -- the first contested Republican primary in the state in 28 years.
John Kasich is the only candidate buying any broadcast-television advertising – and just $37,000 in Syracuse, Albany and New York. Kasich is also backed by two super PACs supporting their candidacy, for a total of about $593,000.
Ted Cruz's ads – including radio spots that hit New York Mayor Bill de Blasio – have received outsized media attention. But Cruz is spending just $36,000 on cable television and radio in the state. The bulk of the pro-Cruz spending comes from Trusted Leadership PAC, which is spending $430,000 on cable TV and radio.
But Donald Trump, who holds a wide lead in public polls, is mostly missing-in-action on the New York airwaves. He's spending only $67,000 leading up to the primary – entirely on radio ads, and almost all of it booked for the final four days of the campaign.
Trump may be sitting on their lead in New York, but they still could be leaving delegates on the table: A large-sample, automated poll first reported by POLITICO on Friday showed Trump below the 50-percent, winner-take-all threshold in a number of Upstate congressional districts, which would allow Kasich or Cruz to steal some delegates. (Most of Kasich's and Cruz's ads are focused on Upstate markets like Albany, Elmira, Utica and Watertown.)
Trump's lack of advertising comes after a spendthrift campaign in Wisconsin, where they were outspent roughly 10-to-1 by their competitors and outside groups opposing their candidacy.
One big difference in New York, however: The handful of anti-Trump groups that bought big in Wisconsin and other states – like Club for Growth and Our Principles PAC – are sitting out New York, nor have they made reservations for the five Northeast and Mid-Atlantic states voting on April 26.
If the Republican primary in New York is mostly sleepy – due in large part to Trump's commanding statewide lead – the Democratic race is hotly contested. Democrats account for nine of every 10 dollars spent on the state's airwaves.
And, once again, Bernie Sanders is outspending Hillary Clinton: Sanders is set to spend nearly $7 million before next Tuesday, more than Clinton's $3.7 million.
The massive spending comes as Sanders is attempting to close a double-digit deficit in public polls – a margin that threatens to make the gap between Clinton and Sanders in pledged delegates virtually insurmountable for the Vermont senator.
If Clinton is going to hold off Sanders in New York, the votes are going to come from New York City and the surrounding suburbs.
A WNBC-TV/Wall Street Journal/Marist poll conducted this week showed Clinton leading Sanders in the city and suburbs, 60 percent to 36 percent.
Compare that to the results upstate, where the race is deadlocked: Sanders at 50 percent, Clinton at 49 percent.
Overall, the poll gives Clinton a 17-point lead, with nearly seven-in-10 voters coming from the city and the suburbs. (In the 2008 primary, the city, Long Island and the Lower Hudson Valley accounted for nearly three-quarters of the vote, according to exit-poll results.)
Upstate voters account for 31 percent of the Democratic primary electorate, per the Marist poll. But they make up more than 61 percent of Marist's GOP electorate – a reflection of how different the Republican map is next Tuesday.
Rep. José Serrano's congressional district, which comprises about half of The Bronx and is majority-Hispanic, is the nation's most Democratic district. President Barack Obama won an astounding 97 percent of the vote here in 2012.
There were only 285 ballots in the 2012 GOP presidential primary in Serrano's district, and just over 13,000 Republicans are active on the voter rolls there. But for the purposes of delegate allocation, it counts just as much as the state's most Republican district: the Western New York seat held by Rep. Chris Collins, who has endorsed Trump. Collins' district has more than 177,000 active registered voters.
There are 14 delegates at stake at the statewide level next Tuesday – and Trump can win them all if they capture a majority of the vote, as pre-election polls indicate. But the bulk of delegates – 81 – are awarded by congressional district.
If one candidate – most likely Trump – wins the majority of the vote in one of New York's 27 congressional districts, they win all three delegates for that district. If no candidate wins a majority, the first-place finisher gets two delegates, and the second-place candidate gets one.
But this system means that a vote in Serrano's district, where only a few hundred Republicans will participate next Tuesday, will be worth many times more than a vote in Collins' district.
Notably, both Cruz and Kasich visited The Bronx before the primary. Cruz toured the borough – though mostly in the neighboring 14th District. Kasich visited one of the district's best-known landmarks: the historically Italian neighborhood of Belmont and the Arthur Avenue food market.
Thursday night's televised Democratic debate at the Brooklyn Navy Yard was a barn-burner, with Clinton and Sanders trading attacks and veiled insults for more than two hours. But few voters were tuning in.
According to overnight ratings released Friday, about 5.6 million viewers across the country watched the debate: 5.4 million nationwide on CNN, and 171,000 on NY1, a local cable-news station available on Time Warner Cable systems.
For both candidates looking to make their final pitches to Democrats before Tuesday's primary, they found a limited audience.
Univision on Tuesday agreed to buy the six other sites that were part of Gawker Media.
The end of Gawker.com is near.
The 14-year-old website will shut down next week, according to a post on Gawker.com.
Univision on Tuesday agreed to buy the six other sites, including Jezebel, Deadspin and Gizmodo, that make up Gawker Media for $135 million, but the broadcaster did not plan to operate the flagship site.Gawker Media founder Nick Denton told staff about the shuttering of the website on Thursday, per Gawker.com.
The closure of the website doesn't necessarily mean that those employees will be laid off. Gawker.com reports that staffers will be assigned to one of the six other blogs or other roles within Univision.
Denton sent a memo to staff on Thursday about the shutdown of Gawker.com, confirming that its archives would remain. They teased that it could have "a second act" but only after "the smoke clears and a new owner can be found."
"Desirable though the other properties are, we have not been able to find a single media company or investor willing also to take on Gawker.com. The campaign being mounted against its editorial ethos and former writers has made it too risky," they wrote. "I can understand the caution."
They also confirmed that they would not be joining their employees at Univision, adding that they would move on to other projects "working to make the web a forum for the open exchange of ideas and information, but out of the news and gossip business."
Denton also praised their staff for "introducing a new style of journalism" and "connecting with a skeptical and media-savvy generation by giving them the real story." They ended their memo with a tribute to the site that started it all: "As for Gawker.com, founded in 2003 and mothballed in 2016, it will love on in legend. As the short-lived killer android is told in Blade Runner: "The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long, and you have burned so very very brightly."
The news hit just a few hours before a bankruptcy hearing in which the judge approved Univision's purchase of Gawker Media. During the Thursday afternoon hearing, which was attended by Hogan's lawyer Charles Harder and Gawker president Heather Dietrick, it was revealed that publishing platform Kinja would be liquidated.
Following official approval of the sale, Univision released its first public statement about the deal, revealing that it plans to integrate the Gawker Media assets into its Fusion Media Group, which also includes The Onion and The Root. Univision further confirmed that its deal includes six Gawker sites — Gizmodo, Jalopnik, Jezebel, Deadspin, Lifehacker and Kotaku — but that Univision would not operate Gawker.com.
Known for its Spanish-language content, Univision has made strides to boost its digital media portfolio to attract young, English speaking audiences. The Gawker Media deal will boost the reach of FMG to nearly 75 million uniques, according to Univision.
"Fusion Media Group is focused on serving America's diverse youth with digital-first brands that reflect their values and passions, authentically," said Isaac Lee, Univision chief news, entertainment and digital officer. "I expect the addition of these digital-first media assets will help FMG exceed the demands of the young, cross-cultural influencers we serve."
Added FMG president and COO Felipe Holguin: "The addition of these iconic digital-first brands give the Fusion Media Group an inimitable opportunity to scale across relevant content verticals and continue to serve key passion points for our audiences."
The closure of Gawker.com brings about the end of the popular blog, which, when it launched, took the media world by storm with its often salacious reporting about the goings-on of the New York elite.
In June, Gawker Media filed for bankruptcy after a Florida jury ordered it to pay former pro wrestler Hulk Hogan a staggering $140 million in damages in an invasion-of-privacy lawsuit. Gawker Media is appealing the ruling, but Hogan remains the company's largest unsecured creditor. Denton has filed for personal bankruptcy after the court determined that they are responsible for $10 million in damages for their role in posting Hogan's sex tape.
Hogan appeared to respond to the sale of Gawker Media and subsequent end of Gawker.com in a tweet on Thursday afternoon, saying that "they messed with the wrong guy."
They messed with the wrong guy brother HH — Hulk Hogan (@HulkHogan) August 18, 2016
After the conclusion of the Hogan trial, it was revealed that billionaire Peter Thiel had spent about $10 million financing lawsuits aimed at Gawker, including Hogan's suit. A sub-site on Gawker in 2007 outed Thiel, who made their fortune as a co-founder of Paypal, as gay. Thiel wrote an op-ed for the New York Times the day before the bankruptcy auction saying that they were proud to have contributed financially to the Hogan case.
In their memo to staff, Denton noted: "Even if the appeals court overturns this spring's Florida jury verdict, Peter Thiel has already achieved many of their objectives."
Publisher Ziff Davis made the first bid for Gawker on the same day it filed for bankruptcy, putting up a $90 million stalking horse bid. But the company, which owns PC Magazine and IGN, was ultimately outbid by Univision.
12:40 p.m. PT Updated to add Hogan's response on Twitter.
1:06 p.m. PT Updated with statement from Univision.
1:25 p.m. PT Updated with Denton's memo to staff.
After Democrats announced they wanted nothing to do with the Obamacare reform efforts, the Democrat leadership and their water-carrying media counterparts cried foul because they feel they were not consulted on a current Senate bill to reform Obamacare. Go figure.
The original ('09/'10) ObamaCare bill was 2,700 pages and most of the toxic takeover construct was intentionally and ambiguously deferred to HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius where they added an initial 74,000 pages of regulatory and compliance rules and procedures. [Those HHS regulations now total 673,448+ pages and growing.]
Today, the Senate releases their version of a bill to reform the collapsing Obamacare construct. It is only 142 pages (full pdf below), and essentially tracks along the three-stage repeal and replace road map previously outlined by HHS Secretary Tom Price.
Despite their pearl-clutching pontifications, all of the whining politicians and media-gnats can read the bill in a few hours. Here's the TOP-LINE basics:
♦ Overview of the Discussion Draft of Senate Amendment to H.R. 1628 – Help stabilize collapsing insurance markets that have left millions of Americans with no options.
•Short-Term Stabilization Fund: To help balance premium costs and promote more choice in insurance markets throughout the country, this stabilization fund would help address coverage and access disruption – providing $15 billion per year in 2018 and 2019; $10 billion per year in 2020 and 2021.
•Cost-Sharing Reductions: Continues federal assistance – through 2019 – to help lower health care costs for low-income Americans in the individual market.
•Free the American people from the onerous Obamacare mandates that require them to purchase insurance they don't want or can't afford. Repeals the individual and employer mandates.
•Improve the affordability of health insurance, which keeps getting more expensive under Obamacare.
•Long-Term State Innovation Fund: Dedicates $62 billion, over 8 years, to encourage states to assist high-cost and low-income individuals to purchase health insurance by making it more affordable.
•Tax Credits: Targeted tax credits will help defray the cost of purchasing insurance; these advanceable and refundable credits – adjusted for income, age and geography – will help ensure those who truly need financial assistance can afford a health plan.
•Health Savings Accounts: Expanded tax-free Health Savings Accounts to give Americans greater flexibility and control over medical costs; increased contribution limits to help pay for out-of-pocket health costs and to help pay for over-the-counter medications.
•Repeals Obamacare Taxes: Repeal costly Obamacare taxes that contribute to premium increases and hurt life-saving health care innovation, like the taxes on health insurance, prescription drugs, medical devices, and “high-cost” employer sponsored plans.
•Empowers states through state innovation waivers (Obamacare 1332 Waiver): Provide states additional flexibility to use waivers that exist in current law to decide the rules of insurance and ultimately better allow customers to buy the health insurance they want. Allow the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to fast-track applications from states experiencing an Obamacare emergency.
•Preserve access to care for Americans with pre-existing conditions, and allow children to stay on their parents' health insurance through age 26. (There are no changes to current law as it applies to Veterans, Medicare, or Social Security benefits.)
•Strengthen Medicaid for those who need it most by giving states more flexibility while ensuring that those who rely on this program won't have the rug pulled out from under them.
•Targets Medicaid to Those Most in Need: In 2021, begins gradual reductions in the amount of federal Obamacare funds provided to expand Medicaid, restoring levels of federal support to preexisting law by 2024 while providing fairness for non-expansion states.
•New Protection for the Most Vulnerable: Guarantees children with medically complex disabilities will continue to be covered. Provides additional state flexibility to address the substance abuse and mental health crisis.
•Flexibilities for Governors: Allows states to choose between block grant and per-capita support for their Medicaid population beginning in 2020, with a flexibility in the calculation of the base year. Allow states to impose a work requirement on non-pregnant, non-disabled, non-elderly individuals receiving Medicaid.
•New Protections for Taxpayers: Curbs Medicaid funding gimmicks that drive up federal costs.
Here's The Full Senate Bill:
.
Advertisements
The Syrian army warned Israel of "serious consequences" Thursday after officially accusing Israel of sending fighter jets to carry out a strike on targets on the state's Scientific Studies and Research Center (CERS) near the city of Hama, which is responsible for research and development of nuclear, biological, chemical and missile technology and weapons.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
“The Syrian army warns of the serious consequences of these kinds of aggressive activities against the security and stability in the region,” the statement began.
“The army is determined to destroy terrorism and obliterate it in all Syrian territory, and it doesn't matter what kind of aid is given to these terror gangs,” it continued in an allusion to what it claims is Israel's active support for the terror group.
Previous attack on Syrian airport
X
The Syrian army accused Israel of launching the strike in an “attempt to raise ISIS's morale, which is collapsing after the crushing victory achieved by the Syrian army against terror,” repeating its charge Israel is in cahoots with ISIS.
“The attack proves Israel is directly supporting ISIS and other terror organizations.”
According to the Syrian claims, the strike was launched from Lebanese airspace on the town of Masyaf, resulting in the deaths of two soldiers and material damage.
Rami Abdurrahman, who heads the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, said two facilities were hit, a scientific research center and a nearby military base where short-range surface-to-surface missiles are stored. They said the attack killed two people and wounded five.
"Many explosions were heard in the area after the air raid," said Abdurrahman, whose group relies on a network of activists across the country. They said some of the blasts may have been secondary explosions from a missile storage facility being hit.
CERS
The Lebanese news site “Mulhak” reported three people were wounded in the attack. On the Facebook page known as “Damascus Now” affiliated with the Assad regime, local officials reported the attack in Hama, some 200km north of Damascus.
While reports of Israeli responsibility had not been verified by Israel early Thursday morning, and despite the IDF's refusal to deny or admit that it had carried out the attack, it would not be the first time Israeli jets have hit Syrian targets.
Nevertheless, Israeli air strikes have thus far been restricted to retaliatory attacks following rocket fire on Israeli territory resulting from spillovers of the fighting taking place in the war-torn country.
Amos Yadlin is the director the Institute for National Security Studies, justified the attack on the site, regardless of whether it was launched by Israel, adding that if the IDF was behind the attack, it was a clear and overdue moral statement.
“The reported attack overnight is unusual. This is a military-scientific Syrian site in which they produce, among other things, precision missiles, some of which will be significant in the next military campaign,” Yaldin wrote.
“The factory that was attacked also manufactures chemical weapons and explosives barrels that have killed thousands of Syrian civilians. If it was an Israeli attack, it is finally an Israeli moral statement about the massacre in Syria.”
Previous attack on Damascus Airport attributed to Israel
According to Ynet's military analyst and commentator Ron Ben Yishai, CERS is in the midst of developing missiles using research and knowledge provided by North Korea and Iran.
Moreover, the center is also developing weapons intended to be supplied to the terror group Hezbollah, Israel's self-declared arch enemy and one of the chief backers of President Assad's rule.
CERS weapons program includes the development of the S-60 in preparation for transfer to the Shiite terror organization.
According to Ben Yishai, the center is a potential site Tehran is eyeing to establish one of its planned weapons and precision missiles production factories to beef up Hezbollah's arsenal. Only recently Israel warned that such an eventuality of an Iranian foothold on Syrian soil would not be something Jerusalem would be willing to tolerate.
The air raid came a day after a UN probe found the Syrian government responsible for a chemical attack in April in northern Syria that killed more than 83 people. It was not immediately clear if the facility struck Thursday was used for the production or storage of chemical weapons. Syria denies having or using chemical weapons.
Tremendous speed, versatility and persistence are among the attributes that have helped Horvat lead the Canucks in scoring with 30 points in 46 games and establish an identity as their strongest two-way center since Ryan Kesler.
There's a passing of the torch on the Vancouver Canucks, who will be represented at the 2017 Honda NHL All-Star Game by Bo Horvat instead of Daniel Sedin or Henrik Sedin.
In the 10 seasons since Markus Naslund led the Canucks in 2005-06 with 79 points, either Daniel Sedin or Henrik Sedin has led the Canucks in scoring. That streak could come to an end this season.
It's noteworthy how quickly in their NHL career that Horvat has achieved this level of offensive success. Their 30 points are tied with Nathan MacKinnon of the Colorado Avalanche for eighth among NHL players age 21 or younger, and the Canucks haven't seen this dominant an offensive force at such a young age in 25 years, which includes the Sedins.
Video: VAN@CGY: Horvat skates around net and wrists puck in
At age 20 last season, Horvat had 40 points in 82 games, which exceeded the scoring totals of Daniel and Henrik at that age; in 2000-01, Daniel had 34 points, Henrik had 29. The last Canucks player age 20 or younger with more than 40 points in a season was Pavel Bure (60 points in 65 games in 1991-92).
At age 21 in 2001-02, Daniel had 32 points and Henrik had 36. This season, Horvat is on pace for 53 points. The last time a Vancouver player age 21 or younger had 54 points in a season was in 1992-93, when Bure had 110 and Petr Nedved had 71.
When comparing these scoring totals to Horvat's, it's important to note how much easier scoring was in the earlier era: There was an average of more than 7.0 goals per game in the early 1990s, compared to 5.5 goals per game this season.
It's also worth noting that Horvat can contribute scoring while killing penalties and centering a line with significant defensive responsibilities.
As a rookie in 2014-15, Horvat played on a depth line with Jannik Hansen on one wing and either Derek Dorsett or Ronalds Kenins on the other. An injury to center Brandon Sutter resulted in a promotion for Horvat to the second line behind the Sedins in 2015-16. The results of this challenge were mixed, and Horvat finished minus-30, tied for second-worst in the NHL (Mikkel Boedker was minus-33 with the Arizona Coyotes and Colorado Avalanche).
When placed in the proper context, Horvat's poor numbers may have been a reflection of the tough minutes they were assigned. They were skating with equally inexperienced players (Sven Baertschi, who to that point had played 69 NHL games), and was tasked with taking on top opponents in defensive-zone situations.
At even strength, Horvat started 315 shifts in the offensive zone and 431 in the defensive zone, for a zone-start percentage of 42.23 percent that was second-lowest among Canucks forwards to play at least 20 games, ahead of Brendan Gaunce (41.35 percent). By comparison, Henrik Sedin was at 59.46 percent and Daniel Sedin was at 58.83 percent.
Horvat also led Canucks forwards with an average of 2:15 of shorthanded ice time per game.
Video: CGY@VAN: Horvat feeds Granlund for PPG late in 2nd
Horvat's struggles last season apparently did nothing to shake the confidence of coach Willie Desjardins, who has continued to trust them in a critical two-way role, even with Sutter's return. Centering the second line with Baertschi and veteran Alexandre Burrows on their wings, Horvat continues to take on top opponents and has a zone-start percentage of 46.61 percent.
In what is becoming one of Horvat's defining characteristics, they are finding ways to contribute wherever they can, whether it's in the faceoff circle, killing penalties or in the shootout.
Horvat has won 53.4 percent of their faceoffs this season, boosting their NHL average to 51.7 percent, which is the highest of any player younger than 23 during the past three seasons combined (minimum 1,000 faceoffs).
Horvat has scored two shorthanded goals while continuing to lead Canucks forwards with an average shorthanded ice time per game (1:50), has scored the deciding goal in two of Vancouver's four shootout victories, and has earned eight first, second, or third game stars, which is three more than any other Vancouver skater.
Vancouver's success into the future depends on finding and developing players who can start to share the load the Sedins have carried for so many seasons. In this sense, Horvat is the Canucks' key source of optimism.
