I have not blogged in some time, but I am back and here to stay. I hope to make weekly contributions here every Sunday, so stay on the edge of your seat!!!!
If you have read some of my other posts, you will know that I am not a huge fan of labeling foods which contain genetically engineered ingredients. In part because those labels are not that informative, but also because creating regulations for labeling, especially for something which is not informative, is a waste of tax payers money. Labeling itself is fine, such as including the names of allergens (milk, soy, wheat, etc.), or ingredients which could potentially harm a sub set of the population (such as phenylalanine), but labeling genetically engineered food is simply a bad idea.
The recent turn in this debate is a choice by Campbell's Soup to include voluntary labels on their soup cans. These labels announce to the public that their soup indeed contains genetically engineered food, and they provide a link to an explanation of why it is safe to eat. Not only are they volunteering to do this, but they are also backing federal regulations, particularly in the United States, for all companies to submit to a federal standard of labeling genetically engineered products. I think this is a horrible idea, but I realize that the issue is complicated.
What Does a Label Mean?
Before I go into detail about why I think Campbell's Soup is making a mistake, I am going to include a brief overview as to why labeling genetically engineered foods is pointless and problematic.
When a consumable product is being made, there are several stages of development all of which contain vast amounts of information. Obviously, all of this information is not something a consumer needs to know, such as the name of the person who unloaded the bananas off the truck at the grocery store from which you purchased them. Not only is this information not necessary to have, but labeling all of it would take up an inordinate amount of space. Also, this amount of information would create an informational overload, such that the information, in principle, would be unusable by the average consumer. What consumers should want is only that information which is relevant to have.
The problem, of course, is what information is it relevant for the consumer to have? There is going to be some disagreement here, given that there are a diverse range of needs, and beliefs about those needs, in the population at large.However, the consensus seems to be that we label foods based on the possible effects these products might have on those who consume them, and we only label those foods at the level which is useful. For example, labeling bananas with every chemical compound that make up a banana is not useful if the banana itself is safe to eat.
We have decided, as a society, to label the 8 ingredients which account for 90% of all food allergies, milk, eggs, fish, shellfish, tree nuts, peanuts, wheat, and soy. We label these ingredients even when they are not necessarily in the product, (the ‘may contain' label on food products is to alert the consumer that the product was either made in the same facility as, or made with the same equipment as, the allergen in question). We also label the basic nutritional facts, which are arguably necessary for maintaining adequate health (such as the quantity of sugar). Lastly, we label the specific ingredients which go into making a product (with some exceptions such as specific flavourings), so that those who have a rare disorder can still make sure that nothing in the food is going to have a negative effect on their health.
What Kind of Information Would Be Contained in a GMO or GE Label?
Labeling something a fruit is not useful to a consumer, since it does not tell you about the specific effects of each individual fruit. Similarly, with a blanket GMO or GE label, the labeling tells you absolutely nothing about what the food is possibly going to do to you. Even if genetically engineered corn caused tumors, which it absolutely does not, blanket labels would cover other fruits and veggies too, such as Bt brinjal, which likely would not have the same effects.
If the end product of a genetically engineered plant was actually harmful, it wouldn't be the fact that it was genetically altered that would have the effect. After all, it is not likely that genes survive, or have any effect, when they are consumed. What would have the effect is the possible allergens created by the product, and the possible introduction of specific chemical compounds which are detrimental to human health. Of course, not all chemicals are harmful, and it is the dose that matters, but it is possible, though not likely, that engineering a crop could introduce a large quantity of chemical compounds which are indeed detrimental to human health.
The issue, is that this kind of harmful changes would be easily detected, and can be screened before the crops make it to the supermarket. This problem is also not specific to GE crops, since all foods, regardless of how they are manipulated (natural selection, artificial selection, mutagenesis, etc.), undergo genetic alterations. So again, what information is a GMO or GE label providing? It seems, when it comes to human health, all that needs to be labeled are those foods which have a specific effect on human health, since GMO or GE food labels lack the specificity required, it is not clear how they could be helpful in this regard.
Labeling the Process
The only reasonable position left to adopt is that the process itself is what should be labeled, such that the process has negative environmental consequences. The only problem with this line of argument is that the process isn't any more worrying, and possibly less worrying, than some of our more frequently used breeding technologies. It is also interesting to consider that there is no ground swell of activism in favour of labeling mutagenic crops. In other words, shouldn't all food be labeled regarding the processes in which they were made so that every consumer can make an informed environmentally friendly purchase?
If it were that simple those labels would probably already exist. Even organic labels fail to adequately capture the environmentally friendly effects of the products which are special enough to have such a designation. It is possible that different processes, have different effects, in different contexts (and environments). Which means that the label itself does little to inform the consumer about the environmental impact of the product.
Better yet, instead of labeling campaigns, why not advocate for better environment regulation, so that it removes, from the consumer, the choice to buy more damaging products in the first place? Governments already try to regulate pesticide use by what is known as Integrated Pest Management. This is a way of using the right amount of pesticides as to keep pesticide levels in the environment at a sustainable level, while also trying to improve yields and decrease mutation rates in pest species. This is a fine balance that is going to differ for each region, crop and pesticide used. Genetically engineered food helps in this case, since the use of genetically engineered foods has reduced the amount of pesticides needed, thus decreasing negative environmental effects.
If the health and environmental reasons for labeling are both non-existent, then why label? Labeling seems to be a way of manipulating the public, and this manipulation can either have good or bad intentions.
Campbell's Decision
First, I will start by at least highlighting some good points. The labels direct customers to a website called What Is In My Food. The website does a good job of describing the ingredients in the food, and does so while explaining why they are used. At the bottom of each page the company has an addendum about genetically modified (though I prefer engineered) food, which acknowledges their safety record,
In America, approximately 90% of all canola, corn, soybean and sugar beet crops are grown from genetically modified seeds. Farmers have been using these seeds for more than 20 years as they are safe, reduce costs and improve yields.
They then go on to list the ingredients in the particular product which have these specific ingredients. All of which is perfectly reasonable, and I think it is well within the companies power to make such information available to the public.
However, in their press release they also stated:
Campbell is making several key changes to its recipes and outlined plans to increase its organic offerings. Based on feedback from parents, the company will simplify the recipes of existing condensed soups for kids, removing ingredients such as added MSG and continuing to make the soup with no preservatives, no artificial colors and no artificial flavors. The first updated range of kids soups is expected to hit U.S. shelves in August.
In other words, Campbell's is not making a science based decision, but a marketing decision. Which is sad, given that they just said that GMO's are perfectly safe! They are basically saying, even though genetic engineering is safe, we are going to sell our more blatantly anti-scientific customers a high price gouged, more environmentally damaging product.
Here is where I think the big problem lies, who are Campbell's trying to accommodate here? All those who could care less what process was used to breed the crops used in Campbell's canned soup, will continue to eat it and not care. All those who erroneously believe organic is better are still going to perceive Campbell's as a large evil corporation that is destroying the world and our health. By stating both that GMO's are safe, while simultaneously increasing organic offerings, is basically Campbell's Soup attempting to have their cake and eat it too, and I don't think anyone is going to buy it.
Some think it is better to encourage mandatory labeling than to have governments outright ban genetically engineered food, but I don't think this is a fair description of what is going on. The activists don't seem to be pushing for a ban, what they are pushing for is labeling, and they assume that once labeling is in place companies will see customers leave and therefore they will stop using GMO's in order to keep customers. Some pro-GMO activists think that mandatory labeling will make it blatantly obvious to the public at large that over 80% of the foods they eat contain genetically engineered foods, and thus they will simply accept it as a fact and not care. I would love to see how Campbell's decision will affect their bottom line, given that only 37% of people, compared to 88% of scientists, think genetically engineered food is safe.
This decision, as any decision made by a large corporation, is a marketing decision, and we will have to wait and see whether it pays off. Many companies see labeling as inevitable and are worried that it is going to be mandated state by state. A federal standard would be far more cost effective.
The move to organic foods is another indication that this decision is not in the worlds favour, but in the companies, since it seems to be an indication not of sound science, but of public taste. As this Huff Po article highlights
Campbell Soup CEO Denise Morrison has been outspoken about the need for big food makers to adapt to changing tastes. The company, based in Camden, N.J., has been diversifying its packaged food lineup with offerings that are seen as fresher.
Being seen as fresh, perceived as healthy, branded as environmentally friendly etc. etc. etc. The consumer is left more confused. If the food is safe, why the shift in tastes? Why remove MSG if it is safe? Why remove artificial flavours if they are safe? Why remove preservatives if they are safe? BECAUSE THIS HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH FOOD SAFETY.
What About Choice?
Choice is overrated, just ask psychologist Barry Schwartz. I don't think choice is what is needed here; the outcomes, health and environmental safety, are probably far too serious to be left to the whims of consumer choice. If genetic engineering is bad, it shouldn't be used. The decision should not be made by consumers, but by an appropriate regulatory body which has the requisite knowledge base to make appropriate decisions regarding food. Which is the ironic thing about this whole issue, most people against GMO's don't think the government, or the scientists, have our best interests in mind. This is why they harass public scientists, and espouse libertarian ideals.
We don't need more choice, what we need is proper, scientifically informed, regulation. Food safety should not be left in the hands of consumers, given that health and environmental safety are essentials to living a good life. Companies, understandably, will not rally behind increased government regulations to maintain food standards, but we have the institutions already in place to make those standards better. The fight for labeling, and the manipulation of labels by companies, is only going to confuse the public more on this very important issue. It is time to stand up for science.
Advertisements
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia's upper house of parliament approved a law on Tuesday that will impose stricter rules on bloggers and is seen by critics as an attempt by President Vladimir Putin to stifle dissent on the Internet.
Members of the Federation Council, Russia's upper house of parliament, stand before a session in Moscow March 21, 2014. REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin
The Federation Council overwhelmingly approved the tighter controls on Russian blogs and websites that attract more than 3,000 daily visits, under legislation the government says is needed to formalize the definition of blogging in Russian law.
Opponents say the law will enable Putin to silence opponents who are rarely given air time on the mostly state-controlled or pro-Putin television channels, and have instead used the Internet to organize protests against the former KGB spy.
“The new policy is to restrict free information exchange, restrict expression of opinion, be it in written text, speech or video. They want to restrict everything because they're headed towards the ‘glorious past',” Anton Nosik, a prominent Russian blogger and online media expert, told Reuters.
“China is much more liberal than what Russia wants to achieve,” they said, describing the move as unconstitutional.
The pressure group Reporters Without Borders (RWB) said the law was an attempt to increase control of online content.
The State Duma lower house has already backed the law and it now needs Putin's signature to go into force. Both chambers are dominated by the United Russia party loyal to the president.
The new rules will require popular bloggers to register by name with Russia's communications oversight agency and conform to regulations on the mass media.
The Kremlin denies allegations of censorship or pressure on the media and says Russians have the right to express their opinions and stage protests.
CIA PROJECT
But Putin has described the Internet as a CIA project and parliament has approved moves requiring social media websites to keep their servers in Russia and save information about users for at least six months.
With 61 million users, Russia is Europe's fastest-growing Internet audience, according to a 2013 report by industry body comScore, and blogs have been seen by Putin's opponents as one of the few popular platforms beyond the Kremlin's reach.
The editor of a popular Internet news site, Lenta.ru, was dismissed this year and independent TV Dozhd has gone off the air. The head of VKontakte, Russia's answer to Facebook, has been ousted and fled the country.
The government has also blocked access to the Internet sites of Kremlin critics Alexei Navalny and Garry Kasparov because they “contained calls for illegal activity”.
Navalny was one of the leaders of the anti-Putin protests of 2011-12, which were organized largely through social media sites and blogs. Navalny has further used their own blog to highlight state corruption and undermine United Russia in a campaign that helped establish them as an opposition leader.
Russia's leading blog platform, LiveJournal, appears to be standing up to the new rules.
The day after the blogging law was approved by the lower house, LiveJournal director Dmitry Pilipenko said the site would no longer display the number of subscribers a blog had if the figure exceeded 2,500.
Pilipenko said “all coincidences are accidental” but the timing of the announcement means many have seen the decision as a bid to protect LiveJournal's users. The decision followed a similar move by Russia's biggest search engine Yandex.
These steps will not stop Russia's media watchdog monitoring popular bloggers as it can obtain information on readership statistics independently, Roscomnadzor head Alexander Zharov said.
“LiveJournal and Yandex's move to hide blog statistics is just an emotional decision,” local media quoted Zharov as saying.
Obama: Bill Clinton campaigning behavior 'troubling' David Edwards and Nick Juliano
Published: Monday January 21, 2008
del.icio.us |
Print This Email This Barack Obama hit back Monday morning against a barrage of attacks launched by former President Bill Clinton. The upstart presidential candidate and Illinois senator said Clinton's "troubling" statements on behalf of their wife's candidacy inaccurately characterized Obama's positions, and they said the former president's distortions are not in line with the obligation to honesty they have as a onetime occupant of the Oval Office. "The former president, who we all have a lot of regard for, has taken their advocacy on behalf of their wife to a level that is pretty troubling," Obama charged Monday on ABC's Good Morning America. "He continues to make statements that aren't supported by the facts." Hillary Clinton delivered Obama a tough blow in Nevada's caucuses on Saturday when they received about 51 percent of the popular vote and was largely declared the winner, although Obama actually received more delegates to the Democratic National Convention because of the state's caucus rules. Prior to the vote a teachers' union largely populated by Clinton supporters tried to block members of the state's Culinary Workers Union, which backed Obama, from voting in at-large precincts in Las Vegas's massive casino resorts, where many union members work. The campaign denied involvment in the lawsuit, but Bill Clinton accused the Culinary union of trying to prevent its members from caucusing if they indicated they would support Hillary Clinton. Obama says the former president also distorted their record of opposition to the war in Iraq and their comments expressing some regard for former President Ronald Reagan. For its part, Hillary Clinton's campaign released a statement dismissing Obama's complaints, saying they simply are "frustrated" at losing New Hampshire and defending Bill Clinton's assertions as "facts." "I do think that there should be some standards of honesty in any political discourse. That's part of the change I want to bring about," Obama said. "If you have something that just directly contradicts the facts, and it's coming from a former president, I think that's a problem because people presume that a former president's going to have more credibility and I think there are certain responsibilities that are carried with that."
Barack Obama talked with Robin Robers on Good Morning America.
This video is from ABC's Good Morning America, broadcast January 21, 2008.
advertisement
advertisement
The best way to describe Architizer might be to call it a Facebook for architects. That's probably simplifying things a bit, but for an undertaking like this, simple is key. At Architizer's West Coast launch last week, the turnout was as diverse as
the thousands of projects represented on the site. Hundreds of firms–from the big names to the no-names–have created profiles and uploaded
information about their work, including photos, credits, materials, even some
renderings or sketches. Each project has its own dedicated page. And–perhaps most critically–every location is
mapped in Google Maps so you can actually go see the building in real life. I put the site to the test when I was looking for a recent project I needed to reference in a story (as I often do). Locating the project on the Architizer site took two clicks, compared to two minutes and four clicks to find the exact same information the architect's own Web site. As more and more firms learn that the ability to find and share their projects trumps their own antiquated interactive experiences, I'm hoping they'll put their projects here. Though it's not the slickest-looking online destination, usability
is what makes Architizer such a welcome, needed tool for the industry. Why? Because most architect Web sites suck. Architects are the original interactive designers. They're skilled at creating navigable structures. They specialize in designing rich experiences for their users. But if architects designed their buildings the way they designed their Web sites, they'd all fall apart.
advertisement
Let's visit the site of what I would say is one of the world's smartest and most progressive architectural firms, Diller, Scofidio + Renfro. Designed by Pentagram's Lisa Strausfeld, a celebrated interactive designer, their site is undeniably gorgeous. It's pretty fun to zip through, too, with the images standing up like little structures themselves, giving me the feeling that I'm swooping down over city blocks like Spider-Man. But if I'm visiting your site, it's a good bet that I'm not Tobey Maguire. I'm probably a wildly wealthy potential client who wants to send one of your past projects to my business partner. Or maybe I'm an architecture student who wants to quickly reference the location of one of your buildings on my phone so I can visit it. If your site is like most architecture firm sites, I can't. Most architects' sites rely on an animated technology like Flash. While this is perfectly appropriate for some interactive experiences, is not what you want to be using if your site is–like most architecture firms' sites–a long list of projects that you want to be easily searchable. Flash sites often rely on gimmicky navigation using images and rollovers instead of simple, clickable text. And in general, a Flash-based site can't generate a URL for each separate page. So say you do end up finding the project you were looking for–you're not able to index or email it. This is when you find yourself saying things like, “Click on projects, then roll over the little museum icon, then click Michigan, then click on the floating image in the white square…” Can you imagine giving the same kind of directions inside, say, a building?
advertisement
A Flash-less iPad sails into our hands as early as next month, making a real case for how companies who have relied on bells and whistles will have to rework their interaction strategies to make sure their sites can work across many different platforms and browsers. But architects–perhaps the most design-savvy business people of all–suffer from an industry-wide anti-usability epidemic. And the higher-profile the firm, the sorrier the site. As a response to a design criticism exercise proposed by Leagues and Legions, a new think tank on models of architecture and design publishing, the site Over, Under examined a dozen top architectural firms sites after enabling Click-to-Flash, a Flash-blocking plug-in. The result is a depressing gallery of mostly-blank screens, referring to the world's top architects by first name in a lonely, empty-screened roll call. In fact, a quick survey of the past 15 years of Pritzker Prize winners reveals that out of 13 practicing architects (two laureates have died) only Lord Norman Foster‘s and Lord Richard
Rogers‘ sites provided easy navigation and proper URLs for each
project. Something must happen to your interactive acumen when you get knighted. Thom Mayne's Morphosis has one foot in each camp: I suggest
bypassing the completely useless official site Morphosis.com and going straight to the Morphophedia, a fun Wiki-like listing of projects
that's infinitely easier to use. But the sites of four major architectural players–Jean Nouvel, Zaha Hadid, Renzo Piano, Rem Koolhaas' OMA–are
all completely Flash-reliant. These use label-less maps, wordless
grids, sketches and other graphic devices with rollovers as navigation,
with no easy way to locate or share projects. Two sites took a full
minute to load. One had–gasp!–a pop-up window. It was so 1998! And then there's this befuddling fact: A surprising number of Pritzker laureates don't seem to have Web sites
at all. But maybe in this case, that's a good thing.
advertisement
I'm not saying that architecture firms should relinquish their
corporate sites in favor of a social networking platform. In fact, I
can actually learn all I need to know about an architect just by taking
a quick look at their site. The most un-usable architecture firm Web
sites are often exactly like the buildings those architects design:
Created to make a statement, rather than focus on everyday livability.
Perhaps they have to solve one problem before they can tackle the other.
“Bosch,” Amazon's longest-running original drama, will be getting a fourth season.
The cop drama, based on Michael Connelly's best-selling novels, stars Titus Welliver (“Lost,” “The Good Wife”) as LAPD Detective Harry Bosch.
The first two seasons of “Bosch” are currently available exclusively on Amazon Prime Video in the U.S., U.K., Germany, Austria and Japan. Season 3 of the show, which Amazon announced in April, is currently in production and slated to premiere in 2017.
Like Netflix, Amazon doesn't release viewership data for its video service or programs. But Amazon touts high customer ratings for “Bosch,” noting that season 2 has an average rating of 4.8 (out of 5), with 84% of the more than 41,000 people who have rated it giving it 5-star reviews.
“Prime members have loved following Detective Harry Bosch as they navigate difficult situations in their professional and personal lives, and we're excited to let them know that even more is coming,” said Roy Price, VP of Amazon Studios.
Connelly said in a prepared statement, “I am happy beyond words. To think we are going to get another season to explore these characters is wonderful. Our team has worked very hard to create the most realistic detective show possible and I think that is resonating with viewers.”
Related Neil Gaiman on ‘Good Omens' Series and Honoring Terry Pratchett's Legacy Rainn Wilson Joins Amazon Series 'Utopia'
“Bosch” also stars Jamie Hector (“The Wire”) as Jerry Edgar, Amy Aquino (“Being Human”) as Lt. Grace Billets, Madison Lintz (“The Walking Dead”) as Maddie Bosch, and Lance Reddick (“The Wire,” “Fringe”) as Deputy Chief Irvin Irving.
The show is produced for Amazon by Fabrik Entertainment, a Red Arrow Entertainment Group company. “‘Bosch' has continued to exceed all of our expectations in terms of its U.S. and international appeal, with the show proving hugely popular with audiences around the world,” said Henrik Pabst, managing director at Red Arrow International.
“Bosch” was adapted for TV by Eric Overmyer (“Treme,” “The Wire,” “Homicide: Life on the Streets”) and is executive produced by Overmyer, Connelly, Fabrik's Henrik Bastin (“The 100 Code,” “American Odyssey”) and Pieter Jan Brugge (“Heat,” “The Insider”). Welliver also serves as producer.
The National Security Agency's phone-tracking program would likely have prevented the 9/11 jihadi atrocity and should be expanded, said one of President Barack Obama's appointees to a five-man surveillance advisory group.
“Had the program been in place more than a decade ago, it would likely have prevented 9/11,” Michael Morell, a former deputy director of the Central Intelligence Agency, wrote in a Dec. 27 Washington Post article.
Prior to the multiple airplane hijackings of September 11, 2001, Democrats imposed civilian-style curbs on intelligence and immigration programs. The curbs were partly lifted by President George W. Bush after the 19 Muslim hijackers used four airline planes to kill 3,000 people in New York and at the Pentagon.
The NSA's program “has the potential to prevent the next 9/11… [and] needs to be successful only once to be invaluable,” Morell wrote about the Section 215 phone-tracking program.
The program stores basic technical information — dubbed metadata — about international cellphone calls made to or from the United States, so investigators can subsequently learn who is calling whom. The system does not record the content of international phone calls, and each set of records can only be studied with the approval of a judge.
Morell's pro-surveillance statement clashes with much media coverage of their group's Dec. 18 report, which played up criticism of the database as a threat to civil liberties, and played down its anti-jihadi role.
The report, whose five authors are supportive of Obama, called for the imposition of extensive civilian-style political and legal protections — including those urged by the United Nations — to curb surveillance of international phone calls, of foreign suspects and even of foreign banks and companies. They also called for the storehouse of cellphone data to be kept by cellphone companies, or at a new site outside the NSA.
Obama is expected to announce a revised policy in January, likely including new curbs on the metadata program.
Supporters of the program are rallying opposition to the report's recommendations. “Airy reasoning, not to mention arrogant mistrust of this country's citizens and its institutions, is the small change of daily discourse in faculty lounges,” former Attorney General Michael Mukasey wrote in the Wall Street Journal. “To find this infiltrating the Situation Room of the White House—President Obama met with the Review Group there before leaving on their Hawaiian vacation—is truly alarming,” Mukasey wrote.
However, Obama's group implicitly endorsed the NSA's program by not calling for its abolition, and by noting that there was no evidence that the NSA had improperly exploited the database of international calls.
The cellphone capability is so valuable, Morell wrote in the Post, that “I would expand the Section 215 program to include all telephone metadata (the program covers only a subset of the total calls made) as well as e-mail metadata… to better protect the United States,” they said.
The NSA metadata program was unveiled by Edward Snowdon, who brushed past the NSA's weak internal security procedures to gather and release vast quantities of information about one of the nation's most secret and effective spy agencies. So far no NSA official has been fired for allowing the security breach.
The NSA program has prompted much protest by small-government libertarians, and also by Republicans angry after the discovery that Obama's IRS suppressed Tea Party groups during the 2012 election. The program is also being criticized by disillusioned progressives and journalists eager to distance themselves from Obama after their de facto endorsement of President George Bush's post-9/11 homeland security policies, and amid their failed efforts to build a coast-to-coast government healthcare network, complete with integrated databases of people's health records.
The criticism of the program has been boosted by Obama's feeble defense of the NSA.
“What I've said in the past continues to be the case, which is that the NSA, in executing this program, believed, based on experiences from 9/11, that it was important for us to be able to track if there was a phone number of a known terrorist outside of the United States calling into the United States,” the commander in chief said during a Dec. 20 press conference.
“It's important to note that in all the reviews of this program that have been done, in fact, there have not been actual instances where it's been alleged that the NSA in some ways acted inappropriately in the use of this data,” they added.
“But what is also clear is from the public debate, people are concerned about the prospect, the possibility of abuse,” said Obama, who has rarely crossed their left-wing supporters, and recently dismissed the IRS scandal as a media myth.
Follow Neil on Twitter
Athena Scrollbars: Why people love them
The Athena widget set is favoured by many users because of its highly functional scrollbars. Unfortunately, many more users have not noticed the benefits of this interface even after using it for many years. So here's a short introduction (for vertical scrollbars and right-handed mice; I assume you are smart enough to figure out the other cases if you need them):
The middle mouse button is known by most: When you press it in the scrollbar, it moves the scrollbar such that its top is where the mouse points. Dragging up and down moves the scrollbar accordingly. The content of the window moves proportionally to the scrollbar movement. This is the usual stuff. The left mouse button When you left-click in the scrollbar, the content of the window that is at the height of the mouse moves to the top of the window. So, if you want some line to move to the top, you move the pointer in the scrollbar right beside the line and press the left mouse button; if you want to scroll a windowfull downwards, you move the pointer to the bottom of the scrollbar and press the left mouse button; for half a window, you do it in the middle; and for only a tiny bit, you do it near the top. The right mouse button scrolls up as much as a left-click scrolls down. E.g., for scrolling up a full screenful, you right-click at the bottom of the scrollbar. To undo an overeager scrolldown you just right-click at the same place (and vice versa). Unfortunately there is no direct visual way to scroll a particular line down to the bottom.
GNU Emacs apparently does not use the Athena widgets, but has implemented Athena functionality in its scrollbars (the first and sufficient reason why I prefer it over Xemacs).
Related links
The Rape Victim and The Reporter
How Journalism Can Inadvertently Harm Those Who Have Been Sexually Assaulted
A. Mar Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 4, 2015
Around this time three years ago, I was raped by the man I was dating. I was 19 at the time and a fledgling journalist attending college in the Bay Area.
To say it destroyed me would be an understatement. Despite the trauma, I kept my job as an editor of my student newspaper. I began freelancing in between classes, drinking myself into a coma, and trying to gather enough courage to throw myself off the Golden Gate Bridge. I am missing large gaps of time in the six months that proceeded my assault, but I still won a student journalism award that year.
There hasn't been a day where I don't think about what happened, but I've healed since then with the help of therapy.
I currently work as a news writer for a site that values the number of clicks over original, in-depth reporting. It's a decent paying journalism job for a recent grad, but on my first day of work I was asked to write about a rape.
Prior to this, I had thought about how I would handle my first rape story because I knew it was inevitable. I wasn't prepared for how my hands shook as I tapped my keyboard or the nausea that ripped through me as I browsed reports of what happened to the victim. I can't remember exactly what happened, but I don't think they survived.
I made it through the story, but my employer's business model places an unusually strong emphasis on the maxim that if it bleeds, it leads. The vast majority of my days are spent wading through the details of murders, beat downs, animal abuse cases and rape.
Though I'm now better about handling the abject horror that comes with writing wildly popular click bait, writing about rape cases is still hard and my own experiences have shaped both how I report on sexual assault and how I view other journalists' work on the subject.
Often, reporting sexual assault is skewed based how closely the victim fits the societal idea of how a survivor should act during and after trauma.
When I dig through articles about whatever story on sexual assault I'm piecing together, there's a peculiar tendency to judge victims on how they react. The quality of a person's character and the validity of the violence again them is not contingent upon how they handle being raped.
I wasn't drugged or pulled down a dark alleyway. My rapist was someone I'd had consensual sex with before. I begged, but I didn't scream. I didn't go to the police. I didn't seek help. I didn't tell anyone for four months. Like so many others, I am not the ideal victim.
The distinction between “good” victims and “bad” rape victims is often hidden in the language of reporting on sexual assault. When a crime is perhaps more violent or a victim is considered more sympathetic, it's referred to as what it is — rape. However, when the victim is deemed as somehow less pitiable — like me — the language is softened to a more nebulous term like “sexual assault” or “attacked.” It often isn't made explicit that someone was raped.
Male rape victims frequently receive the latter treatment, especially when the perpetrator is a woman.
The issue with using terms like that is that they're frequently used in relation to other crimes, reducing the gravity of rape. It not only tends to dismiss or, in some cases, demonize “bad” victims, it's poor journalism. There are obviously times when it's entirely appropriate to use the term “sexual assault” or just “assault,” but it should not be at the expense of the victim or accuracy in reporting.
By not using the right words to describe a crime, the reporting is less reliable. Though some assaults are more physically violent than others, it's wrong to ignore the actual act of rape by softening the language around stories that may lack the gore of other narratives. There are other words that can accurately describe the nuances of an assault, but it shouldn't come at the expense of truthfully reporting on the impact or act of sexual violence.
Perhaps more disconcertingly, some stories place more emphasis on how the victim reacted to being raped other than the fact that someone committed a crime that's so intimately destructive, it's hard for me to put into words. The duty of journalists is to report on relevant information, but details like whether or not the victim screamed, physically fought back and how quickly they went to the police are sometimes implicitly used to discredit them.
Though reporters have an obligation to be critical and false rape claims do happen, albeit rarely, those details aren't indicative that a victim is lying or distorting the details. Being raped has a profound stigma attached to it and by routinely undermining the narratives of victims who don't fit an idea of how they should be, we're doing a greater disservice to people who have already been put in harm's way. One of the main roles of journalism as the fourth estate is to shed light on injustice and let those who cannot speak have a voice, so why does reporting frequently undermine rape victims?
There are many conscientious and articulate journalists who work hard to ensure accurate reporting on stories about rape. However, every time a victim reads a story that discounts another sufferer or quietly passes undue judgement, it hurts. My portrayal in the media would have likely skimmed over the atrocity of what my rapist did to me because I was so slow to admit someone had made me feel powerless. Those stories serve as a reminder that when I was raped, it didn't completely sink in that I'd been the victim of a violent crime because I was so overwhelmed with shame and guilt.
Journalism shouldn't harm those who have already been traumatized, but by avoiding the word “rape” or focusing on the sufferer's reactions, or lack thereof, it reduces the credibility of both the reporter and the rape victim by perpetuating the stigma of sexual violence.
The third coming? Stone Roses rise again - but don't hold your breath for an album...
Virgin EMI managing director Clive Cawley has hailed The Stone Roses' “fantastic” comeback as the band debuted its first hit single in 21 years.
All For One entered the charts at No.17 on Friday, selling 27,323 copies, according to the Official Charts Company. The track was a surprise release, debuting at radio and digital services at 8pm on May 12, with prior knowledge restricted to just a handful of executives. The legendary band announced a deal with Universal soon after they first reformed in 2011, although credits for All For One suggest the band owns the copyright for the new song.
Cawley said the decision to drop the single with little prior notice apart from a stealth poster campaign featuring the band's trademark lemons came from a “joint conversation” with the band.
“They very much wanted it to be a ‘We're back' thing,” said Cawley. “They've got the new song for their gigs which is a nice touch for the fans. We were expecting a lot of buzz but I don't know if we were fully expecting it to be as massive as it was.”
Cawley says sales of the single were strong across downloads (19,656 sales) and streaming (7,668), suggesting the band has successfully transitioned into the modern era, with a limited edition seven-inch vinyl single set to be released later for hardcore fans.
“We're very pleased because we didn't know what the appetite [would be] in the streaming world,” said Cawley. “Streaming is flying on it, but we're also the most pre-ordered seven-inch single, which is important with a band like the Roses – you need a physical thing.”
The Stone Roses play four massive shows at the Etihad Stadium in their native Manchester next month (June 15-19), but Cawley played down expectations that a new album – their first since 1994's Second Coming – will be arriving any time soon.
“There's no sign of an album as of yet unfortunately,” they said. “But hopefully this is the start of them doing something good. Maybe, in this day and age [we should] end up just doing occasional singles into an album. I'd love to get more and more songs out of them but I'm not holding my breath. With one [song] after 21 years, by that work rate I think we'll have an album in 2214!”
Meanwhile, the band's 1989 self-titled debut recently sold its one millionth copy since 1994, the year the OCC system goes back to. It's now sold 1,015,885 copies since then, with 26,671 sold in 2016.
The entrance to St. Mary Elementary School in Janesville, Wisconsin has two identical archways with contrasting inscriptions. One entrance says, "For God." The other says, "For Country." That is where Mitt Romney's vice presidential running mate, U.S. Rep. Paul Ryan, first merged their studies of government and religion as a young student.
And the priest who presides over the archways and the towering steeple of the Nativity of Mary says that Ryan's interpretation of Catholic teaching in national budgetary matters and their prospective vice presidential role have them "worried." Father Stephen Umhoefer told the Center for Media and Democracy (CMD) that they support a role for religion in the public square, but that Ryan's austerity budget and proposed steep cuts in social programs are inconsistent with the Catholic teachings that Ryan cites to justify the policies. "If they are following their conscience, they are doing the morally correct thing. But they shouldn't wrap themselves in Catholic teaching because they are not using that [teaching] in what I would say is a balanced way," said Umhoefer.
Umhoefer, 72, has led the church since 2002 and was the Ryan family pastor until the family left for another Janesville parish a few years ago. Ryan's current parish is led by a priest who teaches on the diocese faculty under the deeply conservative Madison Bishop Robert Morlino, who characterizes Ryan's judgment as "in accord with all the teachings of the Church."
Ryan's Defense of Austerity Budget Kicks Up Controversy
Ryan's leadership as chair of the House Budget Committee and author of the "Path to Prosperity" Republican budget blueprint and the FY 2013 House Budget Resolution has become a lightning rod for criticism by other Catholic bishops, ecumenical groups, and lay leaders.
In introducing Ryan to the nation as their running mate Saturday, Romney said that Ryan's beliefs "remain firmly rooted in Janesville, Wisconsin," and pointed to their life as a "faithful Catholic." If elected, Ryan would become the first Catholic Republican vice president in history. The Ryan budget, which passed the U.S. House of Representatives in 2012 but died in the Senate, would slash taxes on the rich and on corporations, while implementing massive cuts in social safety net programs. It would repeal Obamacare, cut Medicaid, transform Medicare into a voucher system, cut student loans, and end the Earned Income Tax Credit program for the poor, while reversing Wall Street financial reforms.
Standing alone, the harsh austerity budget was controversial enough. But in an interview with the Christian Broadcasting Network in April 2012, Ryan defended their budget as in conformity with Catholic social doctrine. "[T]he preferential option for the poor, which is one of the primary tenets of Catholic social teaching, means don't keep people poor, don't make people dependent on government so that they stay stuck in their station in life. Help people get out of poverty onto [a] life of independence," Ryan said.
The U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops took sharp exception, calling on Congress to resist "for moral and human reasons" cuts to food and nutrition programs to the poor. The Conference called instead for "shared sacrifice ... including raising adequate revenues, eliminating unnecessary military and other spending, and addressing the long-term costs of health insurance and retirement programs fairly." Faculty at Georgetown University put it more bluntly in an open letter to Ryan: "Your budget appears to reflect the values of your favorite philosopher, Ayn Rand, rather than the Gospel of Jesus Christ."
Father Umhoefer followed the controversy from Janesville. They said in an extended interview that they had a "very friendly pastor-parishioner relationship" with Ryan, but that the two "never sat down and talked politics." They noted that they have not read in full the dense, 60-plus page Republican budget, but that they have reviewed the budget through a range of Catholic and ecumenical materials and media reports, and they shared the concerns expressed by the bishops.
"The Primary Question Is, How Does This Affect the Poor?"
For Umhoefer, the test of the budget is a simple one: "The first question is how does this affect the poor. And everything else follows from that. That doesn't mean it's a Republican or Democrat [question] -- you could argue that. But the primary question is how does this affect the poor?"
Umhoefer said that Ryan's lack of attention to the poor and the emphasis on individualism espoused by role models such as Ayn Rand concerned him. "Paul would say that the only way to save the country from a coming [fiscal] disaster is 'follow my plan.'" But according to Umhoefer, the problem is "you can't tell somebody that in ten years your economic situation is going to be just wonderful because meanwhile your kids may starve to death."
Umhoefer said that in Janesville, which lost some 5,000 jobs related to the auto industry after a GM plant closed in 2009, residents continue to seek emergency food and housing support and social service organizations have been running out of funds. A house across the street from the church sits with a red "condemned" sticker prominently on the door, and another house on the block has a sign that declares, "Price Reduced."
"The welfare check runs out and people are suffering now in ways that they haven't before," they said, noting that the church has hired two former autoworkers with wages and benefits far below their former level.
Umhoefer said that wealthy church members have offered support for shared sacrifice and revenue raising proposals such as the Warren Buffet rule that asks millionaires to avoid loopholes and pay a tax rate of 30 percent. "I can't always invite my neighbor over to dinner, but I ... need to pay a certain amount of taxes. And I need to vote to make sure taxes are used to help make sure that my neighbor isn't starving," they said.
Umhoefer also laments what they call an excess of individualism in America that is sometimes abetted by politicians. They prepared for CMD a section of the church catechism, which states that the church "has refused to accept, in the practice of 'capitalism,' individualism and the absolute primacy of the law of the marketplace over human labor." Umhoefer said that they don't mean to accuse Ryan of choosing individualism as a creed over community, but that Ryan's promotion of Ayn Rand to their staff and others is "an alternative universe of which they are a member.... What I call an excessive attitude of individualism is doing a great deal of harm to us as a society because we are forgetting society values," said Umhoefer.
Priest to Ryan: "You Can't Just Pack Your Own Heat"
Umhoefer said that Ryan has also selectively presented to their audiences a Catholic concept of empowerment known as "subsidiarity." Ryan explained subsidiarity to the Christian Broadcasting Network as "not having big government crowd out civic society, but by having enough space in our communities so that we can interact with each other, and take care of people who are down and out in our communities."
Umhoefer said that they agree with the "Nuns on the Bus," a group of liberal nuns who recently undertook a bus tour and visited Ryan's Janesville office to underscore the absurdity of Ryan's approach. "Just on food stamps alone, Congressman Ryan is wrong that the church can take care of this issue. The cuts that have been proposed and passed by the [U.S.] House are going to require every church, every synagogue, every mosque, every house of worship in the United States, each year for ten years, to each raise $50,000. It's impossible," said Sister Simone Campbell during the Janesville stop. CMD covered the Nuns on the Bus Tour and sought the interview with Umhoefer after the nuns presented an alternative "moral budget" in Janesville.
Reading from the catechism, Umhoefer explained that government "should support [local communities] in case of need and help to coordinate its activities with the activities of the rest of society, always with a view to the common good." They said that when subsidiarity lacks resources and coordination, government can fail when it is most needed. But sometimes we need to be rescued: "You can't just pack your own heat and protect your own building," they cautioned.
"What I wish for Paul -- they are so smart and so articulate and has made this whole budget, which they can defend on their own view ... of how the economy and politics work. I wish they wouldn't bring in the Catholic church. They don't need to if their economic and political argument are strong, and I'm sure they believe that they are."
The prime minister's appointment of another white man to the Supreme Court of Canada is a missed opportunity, and proof that people of colour have been "shut out" from the high court, a Halifax social worker says.
When Justin Trudeau nominated Newfoundlander Malcolm Rowe to the Supreme Court on Monday, it ended months of speculation that they would snub Atlantic Canada and ignore the convention of designating a seat to the region on the top court.
A jurist spot opened up on Canada's highest court when Justice Thomas Cromwell of Nova Scotia retired.
In August, Trudeau announced the application process would be open so that any qualified bilingual Canadian lawyer or judge who is "representative of the diversity of our great country" could apply.
Social worker Robert Wright — who has worked on the issue of judicial diversity for more than two decades — said they were disappointed by Monday's decision, not because of Rowe's qualifications, but because it represents a lost opportunity to diversify the high court.
"Regional diversity, we got that. White ethnic diversity on the court, we've got that. Linguistic diversity, we've got that," they said.
"But people of colour and Aboriginal peoples have been shut out of that consideration of diversity at the highest levels," Wright said on CBC's Information Morning.
Justice Malcolm Rowe is the first judge from Newfoundland and Labrador to serve on the Supreme Court of Canada. (actioncanada.ca)
'Deck is stacked against us'
"People from African-Canadian, Aboriginal backgrounds cannot help but think that the deck is stacked against us," they said of having a voice in the courts.
"There seems to be — if not a concerted effort to keep us out of those locations — certainly there has not been a co-ordinated effort to facilitate our arrival in those locations."
As a result, racism will continue to thrive in the criminal justice system, Wright said.
Regional representation outdated
Regional representation was a convention that was put in place to ensure the Supreme Court represented a diversity of Canadian experience, they said.
But that convention is outdated, Wright said, and should be broadened to prioritize race and ethnicity.
Some are celebrating Rowe's appointment, because it is the first time Newfoundland has had a representative on the Supreme Court since it joined Confederation in 1949.
But "those individuals who suggest that they are really concerned about diversity have not recalibrated their understanding of diversity to include racialized people," Wright said.
Ideal candidate
Ideally, Wright said an African-Canadian or Indigenous person from Atlantic Canada would have been the best candidate to fill the empty seat.
However, they said they would have been happy with a person of colour from elsewhere in the country.
Even if that person displaced a regional representative for just one judicial cycle — that would be worth it, Wright said.
Does a Bit of Steel Get Rid of That Garlic Smell?
toggle caption iStockPhoto.com
We've got another "Science Out of the Box" entry on the relationship between sunshine and sneezing. And you're invited to submit your questions as well. Scroll down for details.
You may not think about it, but your kitchen is a laboratory. You probably conduct experiments there every day. Whipping runny egg whites into stiff foam, altering the colors of meat and vegetables and somehow making raw eggplant and slimy scallops taste great.
Angie Frizzell of Chapel Hill, N.C., wrote to share a kitchen tip... and to ask what science lies behind it.
"Years ago my mom taught me a trick," Frizzell wrote: "After you've been cutting up onions or garlic and you have that odor on your hands, you can get the odor off just by rubbing your hands on the stainless steel faucet. Since then, I've noticed that in kitchen catalogues, you can buy a gadget for 20 or 30 dollars that does the same thing. It's just a chunk of stainless steel that you rub your hands on. Either way it works. But why?"
Dr. Bob Wolke, a professor emeritus of chemistry at the University of Pittsburgh, is the author of four books on everyday science. And they say he's not so sure it DOES work. But they were willing to try the scientific method out on the problem.
"As far as [Dr. Wolke] knows, there are no published studies on this stinker of a problem," Jacki Lyden notes. "So what would a chemist do? Conduct an experiment, of course."
Wolke took a head of garlic out of a pot on their own kitchen counter and smashed it with the side of a broad knife to get the skin off. Then they "smashed it some more," and rubbed it all over their hands.
Then they "rinsed the solids off under cold water" and "picked up the stainless steel block and I rubbed it on my hands."
Finally, the sniff test. And they could still smell the garlic on their hands.
They repeated the experiment with a plain old rock instead of stainless steel, and also with soap and water.
Wolke admits it wasn't a perfect scientific study, and allows that further experiments might show that the stainless-steel remedy is not just an old wives' tale.
But their result? "There was odor left on my hands after all of these methods."
So just when I think I've got my spiel about being a gay marriage agnostic down pat, Macklemore and Bruni come along and shake the foundations of my unknowingness. Thirteen months ago I wrote a column in a national newspaper backing same-sex civil unions, but saying I was undecided on legalising gay marriage. What made my stance awkward was my background as an atheist Labor voter, who has lived in sin and abhors the pain homosexuals suffer trying to be treated fairly. I am supposed to back gay marriage. But my argument was that we need a marriage ideal that reflects social norms and biological reality. It should be built on the intention to make a genetic investment - having children - because that creates a hot-wired incentive for adults to stick together and cede their rights to those of the young 'uns. The outcome, in an ideal world, is family units based on more than fleeting love. The hope is you get a stronger, stable, selfless, child-focused society that nonetheless accepts and supports same-sex civil unions, single parenthood and childless families without holding them up as the default model. We can argue about that theory forever. I thrash it out in my head every day and see the myriad flaws. That's why I am undecided.
But can someone quickly change their mind on something so steeped in principle? I'd love to say yes, because it's hard justifying gay marriage agnosticism, especially to kids. Barack Obama changed their mind quickly enough. Their inaugural address in January equated gay rights and the black civil rights movement of the 1960s by invoking Stonewall, the scene of gay rights riots in New York in 1969. Julia Gillard has barely six months to change their mind if she's to bow to pressure to back gay marriage before they depart The Lodge. I've been secretly hoping for an epiphany to make up my mind for me. The other day I saw a father sitting on a bench with a baby. Both were clearly deeply in love. Was they a gay father? I hoped so. I thrash it out in my head every day and see the myriad flaws. That's why I am undecided. I drive around listening to Macklemore's Same Love: ''I can't change/Even if I tried/Even if I wanted to''. It is so beautiful you can't help but sing out loud at traffic lights and embarrass your son and almost swallow the ''gay marriage equals civil rights'' mantra.
And Bruni's passage just cuts to the core. ''Who and what am I defending if there's no injured party under legalised homosexual marriage, especially if no one loses except those who strongly oppose it?'' As the US Supreme Court hears arguments on California's Proposition 8 and the Defence of Marriage Act this week, the gay Bruni is among many commentators who think legalised gay marriage is inevitable anyway. Some conservatives are fighting back against what they call the ''myth of inevitability'' and are marching outside court. Their soulmates are marching in Paris and London, too, while New Zealand opinion polls show a backlash against MPs as they prepare for a third, deciding vote to back marriage equality. But other conservatives have succumbed. Former George W. Bush political strategist Karl Rove has even said they could imagine a pro-gay marriage Republican candidate for the presidency in 2016.
The young 'uns don't get why old parents like me are so confused. The gay lobby and lefties don't get why Gillard backs traditional marriage either. They hold out hope a softening Tony Abbott may take heed of their sister's homosexuality. My conscience says male-female marriage should remain the biologically realistic, child-centric ideal to which society should aspire; a role model for the young who need to get the message and put into practice my ideal world. Problem is, the young 'uns are not listening much. Perhaps that is a credit to every parent who has taught their kids to treat everyone fairly and decently; not to judge people by lifestyle or sexual preference; and to accept the equal right of all to make choices and not be targeted by government. Perhaps parents like me are more the problem than the solution. Such is life …
astokes@fairfaxmedia.com.au
Promotional photograph by Friedman-Abeles
Last fall, the Google Cultural Institute supported the digitization of over 1300 photographs of the original 1957 production of West Side Story from our Martha Swope, Friedman-Abeles, Florence Vandamm, Kenn Duncan, and Avery Willard photography collections. It is always exciting to be able to provide wider access to our collections, but this project is especially thrilling because we are seeing, in many cases for the first time in decades, images that the photographer never developed beyond the original negatives. There are hundreds of images of dance and music rehearsals taken (mostly) by Martha Swope. There is the famous Friedman-Abeles shot (used on the original Playbill cover) of Larry Kert (Tony) and Carol Lawrence (Maria) running down a street in the Upper West Side, but there are also the shots just before and just after the moment captured in that iconic image which were not used.
As I examined the wealth of digital photographs we now have, I began to wonder whether it would be possible to join the sequential images from a single negative strip to create a very short movie. Using the "Animation Assistant" tool in Google Photos, I stitched together a few of these sequences, and I found the results to be a little breathtaking. There was a rehearsal for "Dance at the Gym" with Jerome Robbins watching and joining in on the snaps! There was Bernstein conducting a music rehearsal while Sondheim played on the piano! Seeing Carol Lawrence and Larry Kert freed from their frozen moment on the Playbill image and actually running down the street felt a little like stepping out of a time machine into 1957.
I am confident there are many, many more such treasures in our photograph collections. The Theatre Division preserves well over a million photographic negatives documenting the last century and a half of theatre, and like these West Side Story photographs, many have never before been seen. If you are interested in supporting the work of bringing this history into the light of the open web, please drop me a note at dougreside@nypl.org.
For now, those, enjoy these tiny, magical, moments from 1957:
Promotional photograph by Friedman-Abeles
Promotional photograph by Friedman-Abeles
Promotional photograph by Friedman-Abeles
Promotional photograph by Friedman-Abeles
Dance Rehearsal. Photos by Friedman-Abeles
Fight rehearsal. Photos by Friedman-Abeles
Bernstein conducts music rehearsal while Sondheim accompanies on the piano. Photo by Friedman-Abeles
Bernstein conducts music rehearsal while Sondheim accompanies on the piano. Photos by Friedman-Abeles
Dance rehearsals. Photos by Friedman-Abeles.
Dance rehearsals. Photos by Friedman-Abeles.
Jerome Robbins prepares for rehearsal. Photos by Friedman-Abeles.
Jerome Robbins prepares for dance rehearsal. Photos by Friedman-Abeles.
Dance rehearsal. Photos by Friedman-Abeles.
Jerome Robbins directs Larry Kert and Carol Lawrence in the death scene. Photos by Friedman-Abeles.
Robbins directs West Side Story rehearsal. Photos by Friedman-Abeles.
Smartphones are mission critical communications devices for many people, and we're increasingly relying on them to get work done. However there are times where we just need to sit in front of a larger screen and a proper keyboard to accomplish certain tasks. Maybe that more traditional laptop or desktop experience isn't even necessary, it's just more comfortable.
What is Continuum?
In an attempt to address this disparity, Microsoft introduced Continuum with the release of Windows 10 for Mobile. Plugging a Lumia 950 or 950XL into a dock doesn't just share the screen with a larger monitor, it morphs the phone OS into a layout similar to a traditional desktop implementation of Windows. We took a look at this feature early in it's release in the video below.
It's an interesting solution to the problem of mobile computing. With more and more of our data and services linking to cloud storage, shouldn't we be able to split our work duties between “on the run” and “sitting at a desk” without having to employ multiple computers? It's difficult to gauge whether Continuum on Windows phones is a success as there aren't nearly as many Lumia 950's out in the wild as there are competing flagship devices. Also, Continuum depends on developers making Universal Apps for Windows 10, which thankfully is starting to build a little momentum, but currently might leave users in the lurch for specific services on Windows phones.
We aren't hurting for apps on Android though, and we're seeing some interesting developments from Google which might lead us to some form of multi-mode usage in the years to come.
Getting more work done
Look at phones like the Galaxy Note series of phablets. They stand as a clear answer to the problem of productivity as it relates to screen real estate. Increasing the size of the screen might make a device less “phone” like, but it makes the product a more effective computer. We can only push that screen so far though, and for Western audiences, it's rare to see phones push beyond 6″ displays anymore. After that, consumers need to start looking at a multiple device strategy, like a phone and a tablet, or a phone and a laptop.
Several manufacturers have played with the concept of docking a phone into a larger screen. Motorola's Lapdock and the Asus PadFone were two of the more notable attempts at powering a larger canvas from our phone's hardware. Neither caught the public's fancy.
Still we see consumer trends pushing mobile hardware into achieving more of our daily work requirements. Apple is tackling this head on with Pro iPads, instead of making multi-mode Macs. Android N introduces native split-screen app support for multi-tasking. Yet the experience of running Android or iOS on a larger display often feels out of place. Simply blowing up a mobile OS doesn't quite achieve the feel of using a desktop style OS.
Chrome OS + Android?
Google does have a solution for computing on a larger display. Chrome OS is an evolution of the Chrome browser which moves forward on a cloud computing philosophy. Both Android and Chrome can be powered by mobile ARM based processors or X86 laptop grade processors. It's not outlandish to imagine a possible future where you use Android on your phone when “on the go”, then when you plug that phone into a larger screen you switch over to Chrome OS. The main issue here is that these are two separate environments, different than what Microsoft has with Windows 10 Mobile and Continuum simply changing the layout for a larger screen.
Google has repeatedly denied any rumors of expanding Android to get rid of Chrome OS, but there is still some evidence to support the idea of these platforms merging.
For hardware, the first Pixel was a high-end laptop built to showcase Chrome OS. The follow-up Pixel C tablet however uses Android, causing a bit of confusion where we used to see Nexus tablets fulfill that market niche.Chrome OS has a passionate fan base, but it's a substantially smaller audience than the number of people using Android.
Also, USB Type C will eventually increase the bandwidth available for phones to utilize external displays, and to move information around quickly. Microsoft is using USB C on the Lumia 950 to power the Continuum dock.
On the software side, we have seen some compelling moves from Google providing developers with tools to move Android apps over to Chrome OS. It's not quite the same situation as Microsoft's Universal apps, but it could pave the way for more unification between Google's separate operating systems.
Increasingly we see that services are key. Consumers want to know that they can communicate and get work done. Easily migrating work between screens, instead of between separate computers, might be the next stage for consumer electronics.
As smartphone sales growth levels off, could a Chrome+Android unification excite the buying public? Drop us a comment below with your thoughts.
Russia and China have signed a deal on the supply of seven Russian-made Kamov Ka-32A11BC and two Mil Mi-171E choppers, the Russian Helicopters company said Tuesday.
SINGAPORE (Sputnik) — According to Russian Helicopters, the multirole Ka-32A11BC is perfectly suited for China's densely-populated cities and its varying climate.
It can operate in both urban areas and hard-to-reach mountainous and forested regions, as well as having the capability to land on small vessels and unprepared terrain.
"China is one of the biggest operators of Russian helicopters, and Chinese companies are traditional and important strategic partners of our holding company in the Asia-Pacific region," Russian Helicopters CEO Alexander Mikheev was cited by the company as saying.
© Sputnik / Dmitry Korobeinikov Ka-32
The Fire Department of the Qingdao Public Safety Department in the eastern Chinese province of Shandong will receive the first two Kamov helicopters with a firefighting modification in 2016.
Two more Ka-32A11BCs will be supplied later this year to the Chinese company Jiangsu Baoli, followed by another two in 2017. Easy Best Group will receive one Ka-32A11BC. The China General Aviation Service company will be supplied with two multirole Mi-171s, also this year.
My week wearing a burka: Just a few yards of black fabric, but it felt like a prison
Squatting next to me is my burka. It looks so innocuous: just a few yards of black fabric. But, my goodness, how oppressive it is, how suffocating, how transforming.
Moved by the plight of Lubna Hussein, a Sudanese woman who faces 40 lashes for wearing trousers in public, I decided to spend a week enveloped in what they should have been wearing.
Out shopping one day, I caught sight of myself in a Knightsbridge store window. Instead of me staring back, I saw a dark, depressed alien. A smudge.
A nothing.
'Oppressive, suffocating and oppressive': Liz Jones' verdict on the burka
On my first day, I was unaccountably afraid to put on my burka. When I did pluck up courage, I felt suffocated.
Driving to my local station, I felt blinkered, like a racehorse. Walking to the platform, I could hardly breathe: I kept getting my nose out from beneath its shroud for fresh air. I felt weak, and faint and itchy.
I walked to the kiosk to buy coffee, staring at my feet to avoid catching anyone's eye.
‘Mumble mumble,' I said to the young man serving.
To their credit – the station is in Somerset, so I'm pretty sure this was the first time he'd encountered the full burka – they didn't bat an eyelid.
I automatically lifted the cup to my lips. Ah. How on earth do women eat or drink? Later that day, at a coffee shop in Fulham, I sat outside at a table, faced with an insurmountable sandwich.
An Arab man shouted abuse. I have no idea what they were saying – perhaps I shouldn't have been out on my own, or perhaps eating is a sin – but the interesting point is that during my week in a burka, they were the only person who gave me any abuse whatsoever.
In fact, throughout my lonely journey, I was met with only helping hands and sympathy.
‘I have had so much abuse on the train,' a British Muslim called Um Abdullah complained on Woman's Hour. Well, they have obviously never travelled with First Great Western.
On one journey home, after a particularly hot day spent steaming like a suet pudding in Regent's Park, trying to lick a 99, I wobbled to the buffet carriage and mumbled for a stiff gin and tonic.
‘Would you like ice with that?' the young woman asked, deadpan. In a cab in West London, I was still called ‘darling' by the driver.
Getting out of said cab, a passing decorator opened the door and grabbed my shopping – a burka makes you clumsy, slow, fearful because you can't hear, and helpless; I spent most of the week feeling like a disabled person.
The only odd glances I attracted were from small children and my border collie, who barked like a maniac.
One day, I had lunch with a friend in Primrose Hill. They walked past my table three times. I waved: I seemed to have been struck dumb.
‘How fantastic,' they said, when they had got over the shock.
‘You don't have to bother to put on make-up, or wash your hair. How liberating and at least you won't catch swine flu or be leered at.'
This was a common response from my liberated, much groomed, often scantily clad female friends.
I admit, too, this had been my attitude in the past. Aren't we equally imprisoned by the pressure to be perpetually exposed? But, having worn my burka, I find that attitude crashingly disrespectful of women such as Lubna Hussein.
In Afghanistan, the burka is known as the ‘chadri'; it became common only when the Taliban came to power.
When I think of the young men who have died fighting the Taliban and the calls to end a war that has ‘nothing to do with us', I think of how I felt in my mobile prison and remember that, for all those women forced to hide their faces and their bodies, their fight is our fight, too.
The night I finally took off my burka, I wanted to put on make-up, spaghetti straps and the highest shoes I own. All week I'd been wearing scent, so compelling was the need to be feminine.
I was supposed, during my week in purdah, not to expose any offensive ‘toe cleavage', but I got so hot that I resorted to flipflops – the steam had to escape somehow.
On yet another perfect summer's day in Hyde Park during my week covered up, I saw a crocodile of schoolchildren. Only the pale moon of the faces of the Muslim girls was exposed.
I know now exactly how they feel: marginalised, objectified, kept box-fresh for the eyes of male relatives.
I find it disgusting that we allow British schoolgirls to be treated in this way.
Search Gallery Afghanistan 2011-2012 OEF 11-12
Historical documentation of contigency operations in RC(S) for the following units:
5-20th IN BN, 4-4 CAV. RGT, 82nd Airborne Division, 10th Mountain Division, 504th BFSB, 2-38 Cav. RGT, NATO special operators, and their Afghan counterparts. Historical documentation of contigency operations in RC(S) for the following units:5-20th IN BN, 4-4 CAV. RGT, 82nd Airborne Division, 10th Mountain Division, 504th BFSB, 2-38 Cav. RGT, NATO special operators, and their Afghan counterparts. Inside Jokes tanikel 70 Mission Prep tanikel 50 Trust ID tanikel 146 The Monster tanikel 129 Takeoff tanikel 116 Make Way tanikel 276 Out Cold tanikel 110 The Melvin tanikel 20 Crippled tanikel 116 Show and Tell tanikel 97 Punk tanikel 42 Sharing tanikel 300 Night Hawk tanikel 20 That Guy tanikel 28 Packing Up tanikel 78 Waiting tanikel 138 The Gathering tanikel 22 Desolate tanikel 38 Sweep tanikel 15 Biometrics tanikel 15 Fast Food tanikel 20 Security - ANA Style tanikel 14 Play Time tanikel 263 From the Roof tanikel 30
In 1929 a well-dressed man approached Tony and Nick Fortunato, owners of New York's Fortunato Fruit Company. They identified themselves as T. Remington Grenfell, vice president of the Grand Central Holding Corporation, and they told the brothers that Grand Central Station had decided to shut down its information booth. If they could come up with $100,000, the first year's rent, they could take over the booth and convert it into a fruit stand in the heart of the busy train station.
Overjoyed, the brothers brought $100,000 to the corporation's offices. There they met the president, Wilson A. Blodgett, who accepted their money and gave them a contract saying they could take over the booth on April 1. But when they arrived at the station to begin renovations, they found employees operating the booth as normal, and when they began to argue officials kicked them out of the station. They returned to the Grand Central Holding Company but found an empty suite.
The Fortunato brothers never got their money back, and Grenfell and Blodgett, whoever they were, were never caught. But for years afterward the brothers would visit Grand Central Station regularly to castigate the employees there — a spectacle that itself became a small-time tourist attraction.
I got the idea to build this last year when I read an article about hovercrafts. After studying the topic further I wanted to build one for myself.
This is my third prototype. Previous versions were difficult to control and had a hard time carrying weight and keeping debris away from the lifting motor. I designed this using Autodesk Inventor 2013 and a MakerBot Replicator 3D printer. It took around 3–4 days to fully print the final design of the hovercraft.
The base is not printed because it would take way too long. Plus, Styrofoam has the advantage that it swims when the engines fail. I also did not print the bicycle tubes because they have to be flexible and they must be one piece so that no air flows out to the sides.
The Hovercaft is lifted by two motors and it has one thrust motor. The power for the motors comes from three 2800 mAh LiPo batteries.
My plans with the Hovercraft are to develop a cheap mobile research station for the arctic. The advantages are that it has no CO2 emissions and you can control it from a remote location, like a drone.
You can find the required STL files for this project on Thingiverse. The following steps will provide you with the information you need to assemble the printed parts, wire the electronics, and configure the R/C channels.
When Kate Feering Strong (below) received their invitation to Mrs. Alva Vanderbilt's “fancy dress” ball, scheduled for March 26, 1883, they decided not to settle for a more traditional costume—like a Medieval princess or fairy tale character.
Nope, Miss Strong went as a cat—complete with an actual (dead) white feline as a head piece and a gown sewn with the body parts of real kitties.
“The overskirt was made entirely of white cats' tails sewed on a dark background,” commented the New York Times.
The ball was arguably the most incredible social event of the year, and it also served as kind of housewarming for the new Fifth Avenue Vanderbilt mansion.
“The bodice is formed of rows of white cats' heads and the head-dress was a stiffened white cat's skin, the head over the forehead of the wearer and the tail pendant behind. A blue ribbon with ‘Puss' inscribed upon it, which hung a bell, worn around the neck completed the dress.”
Here are some of the other outrageous and ostentatious costumes, including the battery-powered “electric light,” worn by Mrs. Vanderbilt's sister-in-law.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
Email
LinkedIn
Google
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Tags: 1860s fashion, Ball Gowns New York City, Ball guest cat outfit, fancy gown cat tail, Gilded Age Fancy Balls New York City, Kate Feering Strong cat portrait, Vanderbilt Ball 1883, Vanderbilt Fancy Dress Ball
Jan 7th, 2013 | Connections | Comments
Hello, friends in time, and welcome to a regular feature on Cinema 52 where I put my weekly viewing of Back to the Future on hold and watch another movie featuring time travel for comparison. It may not keep me sane, but it will probably always involve one guy shouting, “This doesn't make any sense!” And that's good enough for me.
THE FINAL COUNTDOWN (1980)
Since my brain has been turned to mush from watching Top Gun 52 times last year, I thought I'd make the transition from Maverick to McFly with the tale of a time-traveling aircraft carrier. Predating both Top Gun and Back to the Future, this '80s adventure is about the USS Nimitz (the same craft from the PBS doc Carrier) passing through a big blue electrical storm and ending up in a year when the military was not quite as advanced.
THE STORY:
This falls under a Twilight Zone sort of “what if?” time travel magic, so if you're looking for something more scientific, you won't get it here. The scenario of the movie only happens because, hey, wouldn't it be neat if a modern aircraft carrier were around in the past, stocked with a hell of a lot more weapons and a knowledge of future wars? That being said, there's some brilliance to what plays out. We're treated to scenes of completely anachronistic aircraft dogfighting each other. That alone is worth the premise.
It makes a hell of a lot more sense than Aces: Iron Eagle III.
The standard questions of “can we change anything?” come up, though, oddly, one problem isn't on anyone's mind: how do we get back? I listened very carefully, but it never seemed to be an issue for a single character. I know they're in the middle of a pretty stressful situation, but you'd think somebody would want to see their wife, kids, and Foghat again.
While the pacing can be a bit of a drag in spots, overall, there's lots of mystery and plenty of surprises. The action unfolds in a very human manner; when stepping on a butterfly in the past can purportedly change the course of history, what can a ship with over 3,000 people on it affect? You may try to predict what's going to happen as you watch, and while you might be right a couple times, what you get wrong can be a pleasant revelation.
THE ACTING:
Ouch. Okay, sorry, that's not fair. Martin Sheen, Kirk Douglas, James Farentino, and Charles Durning all turn in acceptable performances, but when it comes to the rest of the crew, the term “community theatre” was murmured quite a bit within my viewing circle.
Here's a test: can you pick out the worst actors from a single frame of The Final Countdown?
Hint: you aren't allowed to wear a hat in a movie until you earn your SAG card.
Some of the line reads are so bad, you'd think they used actual Navy personnel… oh.
Honestly, though, even Kirk Douglas didn't work for me in certain moments. They play Capt. Matthew Yelland, and he's in charge of the Nimitz. While it's nice to see a leader who keeps their cool in any situation, he's just pierced the fabric of time, for Christ's sake. I've seen people more flabbergasted when the waiter forgets the mustard. Maybe I'm just used to Marty McFly struggling to keep their hands on the steering wheel of the DeLorean, but a little more freaking out, from any characters, would have added some human moments. And it's not as though they can't act; when guns are being waved around or a pilot's life is threatened, then some serious shit is going down. But a giant rip in the fourth dimension? Yawn. Must be Tuesday. Probably will be tomorrow, too.
THE SPECIAL EFFECTS:
I want to be nice. I really do. Here, look at this.
“Sir, we're being followed by what appears to be a large duck. Entirely rubber, sir.”
Your first instinct is to laugh. You can't help it. Yet, some shots do have their merits. I was particularly mesmerized by the use of silhouettes on the deck.
Basically, if you can enjoy classic Doctor Who for the story over the whiz-bang-zooms, you can give a pass to these effects, which take up a very small portion of the run time. You may even find them charming.
OTHER STUFF:
Many interior shots in the film look blurry, like the camera is out of focus, or the lens is coated with Vaseline. I couldn't think of any logical reason for this.
The captain blames the electrical storm on an American Indian member of the crew doing “unauthorized rain dances again.” Their reaction is appropriate.
The music sounds a bit like the brassy score from Airplane! Sometimes it gets too over-the-top to take seriously.
There's a dog! He's cute! Who's a widdles?
THE “NONE OF THIS MAKES ANY SENSE!” MOMENT:
At one point, Lasky (Martin Sheen) pretty much gives the Wikipedia description of the grandfather paradox, and Commander Dan Thurmond (Ron O'Neal) finally hits their breaking point with all the time travel gobbledygook.
“For Christ's sake! What is this, some half-assed Princeton debating society? We are in a war situation! This is a United States warship! Or, at least, it used to be. Or will be. Or what the hell ever! Oh, goddammit, you can drive yourself crazy just trying to think about this stuff! Jesus, I must be dreaming!”
FINAL THOUGHTS:
I really enjoyed this movie. It's by no means flawless, but it always leaves you wondering what's going to happen next, and that's a key part of any time travel movie. And I'll admit, some of the curveballs it throws at you could exist purely for budgetary reasons, but in the long run, that doesn't matter. The Final Countdown benefits from its restraint just as much as its willingness to indulge in a true fantasy scenario. It comes up a little short on character, but it's ultimately a gripping story with some thrilling action scenes and it's a treat to watch the mystery unfold. Check it out.
NEXT WEEK:
The Philadelphia Experiment (1984)
Want more time travel? Head on over to the Time Out archive.
I suppose we can not speak of the South without mentioning race. In regards to Blacks & Whites, The South is the most integrated area of the nation, to the surprise of many, they have always lived side by side here. Somethings that are thought to be black in other parts of the nation could be said to be general Southern things. Slavery, reconstruction, and Jim Crow obviously are points of contention among black and white southerners but in a cultural sense, they share many similarities.
How do you think the relationship between the two group will go in the future? Do you think the influence of liberal northerners and racists has severed any for unity that could be had beyond repair?
Sam: I see we have something else in common. Three of my grandparents grew up in the rural South while one grew up in rural New England. Of the three Southerners, one grew up in North Georgia, one in South Georgia and the Florida Panhandle, The third grew up on a far outside Iuka, Mississippi. This combination is much more diverse than non-Southerners would typically understand.
In my formative years, this combination had me growing up in North Georgia while spending a lot of time in the Central Florida area. Florida is not considered to be a Southern state by many. I'd suggest that these folks have probably been to Ft. Meyers or Miami and never been to a fish fry in Morriston or Sebring. They've probably never fished for warmouth on Orange Lake near Micanopy or seen live manatees from a jon boat in the St. John's River. Trust me, parts of Florida are very Southern.
As far as home, I grew up in the Appalachian foothills of North Georgia. While my history is in the mountains, I feel at home anywhere in the Peach State or the rural areas of Florida. I attended college just over the line in Alabama. My blog, and all the media that accompanies it, is based mainly on the experiences in these states but also on my travels throughout the South.
Food is one of those most Southern of things. I think I was in college before I realized that there was something known as “black food”. So many of the items labeled “soul food” were commonplace on the tables of my mother and grandmothers. Any kind of beans or peas with a thick slice of cornbread. I've yet to meet a cut of pork that I did not like. Yes, the stereotypical BBQ. I don't have a preference between Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, if it's a pig and it's been properly smoked, I'm going to eat it. I love fried chicken and any kind of greens. Obviously, I love biscuits and sausage gravy. And I think cheese grits are best served with fried fish and hush puppies. I remember several occasions thinking “That's not ‘black food' that's my food!”
I'm glad you mentioned the blues. I think the music by people like Mississippi John Hurt, Blind Willie Johnson, Muddy Waters, and so many others, not only told the story of the South, it paved the way for today's rock, rap, R&B, practically every modern form of popular music. Without the early Southern music, we'd have no popular music today.
One of the great blessings in my life has been my experiences growing up in an integrated town. My parents were in high school during desegregation. I heard so many stories of what they saw and endured in that tumultuous time.
While I grew up in a relatively small town, I attended city schools. I was a racial minority in high school. Our racial makeup was about 60% black, 40% white with just a few Asian and Hispanic students. We didn't have friends from other races because it was trendy. You had friends from other races because you didn't really now much different. If you were on a team or in a club, you were involved with students of a different race. We had class together, lunch together, practice together, meetings together, life together. That was just our reality. It was how we were all raised. Was it free of any and all animosity? No. But neither is reality.
I like to think that we have a bright future. I think the fact that you and I are having this fireside chat is indicative of what can be. Many would look at you and me and think us to be opposites, perhaps mortal enemies. But unlike the narratives the northern liberals and racists you mentioned would have us believe, you and I have far more in common than we have in opposition. The difference between you and I and so many in our nation today is that we have taken the time and effort to find our similarities and to let them bring us together rather than letting our differences drive us apart. If a majority of Southerners will do that, we'll not only be the most integrated part of the country, we'll also be the most united.
Two Italian Goths have been charged by police after they were found having sex in a church confessional.
The Italian ANSA news agency said a man and woman were arrested after a parishioner attending mass at the cathedral in the northern city of Cesena phoned police.
The churchgoer heard "rustling and groaning" coming from inside a confessional and pulled back the curtains to reveal a Goth-rock couple engaged in oral sex.
ANSA quoted the pair - a 31-year-old labourer and a 32-year-old teacher - as saying: "We are atheists and for us, having sex in church is like doing it any other place."
However, church officials don't see it the same way.
Bishop Antonio Lanfranchi of Cesena-Sarsina called the couple's behaviour "an outrage of notable proportions which bespeaks unutterable squalor'.
A purification ceremony would be held to cleanse the confessional.
New York, September 15, 2017--Bangladeshi authorities should immediately release two Myanmar journalists who police detained on September 7 and drop all charges against them, the Committee to Protect Journalists said today.
Police arrested Minzayar Oo and Hkun Lat in Cox's Bazar, a city in Bangladesh, while they were on assignment for the German magazine GEO, the publication's deputy editor-in-chief, Juergen Schaefer, told CPJ today. A court yesterday denied the journalists' request for bail, Schaefer told CPJ. Journalists have been traveling to the city to report on the influx of Rohingya refugees coming from Myanmar.
Police have charged Minzayar Oo and Hkun Lat with "false impersonation" and providing "false information," according to reports. Cox's Bazar police chief Ranajit Barua said that the journalists violated immigration rules by reporting in Bangladesh on tourist visas, and could face up to seven years in jail if found guilty, according to news reports. The police chief told Agence France-Presse that Bangladeshi authorities had also accused Minzayar Oo and Hkun Lat of espionage.
CPJ's calls to Barua went unanswered. The Cox's Bazar police did not immediately respond to CPJ's email requesting comment.
"The Bangladeshi authorities should not criminalize covering a major world story,"" said CPJ Deputy Executive Director Robert Mahoney. "Minzayar Oo and Hkun Lat should be released immediately and all charges against them dropped. Both local and international journalists reporting on the Rohingya story must be allowed to work freely."
Zaw Htay, a spokesperson for Myanmar's Presidential Office, posted a tweet today saying that the government is asking Bangladesh why the journalists are being held.
What if your pencil drawings could become your video-game controller? Or, weirder yet, your bananas could become a musical instrument? Such conversions from physical objects to digital interfaces are possible with MaKey MaKey, a kit designed by two MIT Media Lab students, one of whom, Eric Rosenbaum, discusses how it works and what it could lead to in a video from the Aspen Ideas Festival below. We're used to being able to create new things online -- whether it's starting your own website or making your own videos -- and we've all explored building in the offline world, whether just doodles on a page or music from an instrument. But for most of us, we've never had a chance to build the way we, in the physical world, input information into the digital one. MaKey MaKey changes that, giving us, as Rosenbaum says, a "new way to connect the physical world and the digital world."
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
Warriors reporter Rosalyn Gold-Onwude continues to play coy about their relationship with Drake.
While walking the red carpet Wednesday at the 2017 ESPY Awards, the NBA sports analyst gave a teasing answer to an Entertainment Tonight reporter's question about whether they are “just friends” or have progressed to something more.
At first, Ros, as Warriors fans have come to know her, said, “Oh, we're friends. We're good friends.”
But when pressed, the 30-year-old reporter kept things vague, saying “Well, maybe.” They teased, “We'll leave it there.”
Dating rumors were sparked last month when the “Hotline” bling rapper, also 30, took them as their date for the NBA Awards. Drake has admitted that their attention has often strayed from the on-court action at Warriors games to the sidelines and to Gold-Onwude. Get more celebrity news and photos delivered to your inbox for free on weekdays. Sign up for our Coffee Break newsletter here.
Acting on their crush, Drake proudly posed with Gold-Onwude on the red carpet at the awards show, which Drake hosted. They posted a photo of Gold-Onwude on social media, saying: “My stunning date for the evening.”
But a source for Entertainment Tonight put a kibosh on the dating rumors last month, saying that the rapper and the reporter have been casual friends for the past several years.
Why Television Is Outpacing Film in Diversity
This year, the 86th Annual Academy Awards honored only one feature film that prominently showcased an LGBT character: Dallas Buyers Club, in which Jared Leto took home Oscar gold for their portrayal of Rayon, an HIV-positive transgender woman.
Leto commited to their portrayal of this character. In interviews, they spoke about the extensive conversations they had with transgender people, their shocking weight loss, and their refusal to leave character during the nearly month-long production of Dallas. Their recognition of Best Supporting Actor at both the Golden Globes and the Academy Awards is further testament to their stellar performance.
Despite these accolades, or perhaps because of them, the casting of a straight, cisgender man as a trans woman has generated controversy. At a recent California awards ceremony, Leto was heckled by a trans activist, who said: "You don't deserve an award for portraying a trans woman, because you're a man." Calpernia Addams, a trans actor and their voice and acting coach for the role, acknowledged that discrimination in casting trans actors in films is a problem, but came to Leto's defense in an op-ed for The Advocate: "Please do hire trans actors for any role, especially trans roles. But please let's not shoot ourselves in the foot by attacking allies willing to open the door for us as we approach equality."
But there is a facet of Leto's casting that is a reminder to some of the systemic problems that continue to hinder the progress of diversity in Hollywood: their race. As an entirely fictional character, Rayon could have been cast with an actor of any background. In fact, Gael García Bernal, a Hispanic actor, was briefly in talks for the role, but the part ultimately went to a straight white celebrity, rather than a lesser-known minority actor.
So where are the Oscar-nominated films that feature LGBT people of color? While it is not unheard of for a Hollywood picture to feature stories that deal with both race and queer issues, it is rare to see a film tackle both. There are notable exceptions — Six Degrees of Separation, The Crying Game, and The Color Purple among them — but the number is small when compared with the burgeoning number of diverse characters that appear on television and media services like Netflix.
Taj Paxton, the head of programming at Outfest Fusion — a Los Angeles film festival slated for March 14 to 16 that features racially diverse LGBT movies like Blackbird, starring Mo'Nique, or Alec Mapa's Baby Daddy, which explores the gay Filipino-American's journey of fatherhood — says one of the major reasons for this divide is that screenwriters who would be in a position to write for major films simply aren't creating parts for minority characters. These roles are rare, and casting the right actor can present its own challenges. “There are a lot of variables," Paxton says. "You need to a) have people of color, then b) they have to be LGBT. And then they have to have the opportunity to be given great work and turn in a great performance.”
Paxton, who is the former director of entertainment media at GLAAD, says the cause of this scarcity is rooted in the difficulty of financing a film that predominantly features any minority character. They point to the business model predominantly employed by the film industry, "bank on stars and bank on franchises," as a key obstacle to telling more diverse stories at the box office. They also assert a film like Dallas Buyers Club, which already took 20 years to produce, may have taken twice as long to release if Rayon had been played by an actor of color.
“The business mechanism undervalues people of color," explains Paxton. "And by business mechanism, I mean the system of how films are sold and packaged internationally: the numbers that are used and the Q Scores that determine a star's value, in turn determine the budget and visibility of your projects," they say, referencing the "Q" or quotient factor that measures the public's familiarity with a celebrity or brand. "That system unfairly devalues a person of color. Morgan Freeman, in all of their greatness, will not get you the same budget that Tommy Lee Jones will.”
Including Freeman, Paxton says there are "10 actors, tops," whose Q Scores can compete in Hollywood's economic model: "Samuel Jackson, Morgan Freeman, Will Smith, Don Cheadle, Anthony Mackie, and the five leading men of Best Man Holiday." Of these, only Anthony Mackie has played a gay character in the past several years. (Will Smith portrayed an LGBT role in Six Degrees of Separation in 1992, but neither the film nor Smith received an Oscar nomination.)
Paris Barclay, who made history by becoming the first black gay president of the Directors Guild of America, also cites the economic downturn of the entertainment industry as an impediment to greater diversity. At Icon Mann's “Power 50,” a pre-Oscars dinner honoring accomplished black men in Hollywood and beyond, Barclay spoke to The Advocate about the difficulties in financing projects with minority characters.
“All films that aren't blockbusters right now are having trouble getting made. If you're not a huge picture, you've got to be a really small picture, because the risk is too great. They'll give you $10 million dollars or they'll give you $180 million dollars. And our stories tend to be the ones that are in-between. They're bigger production. There's more makeup,” the Sons of Anarchy director said, laughing.
“We can do the gritty things that look like Looking,” they continued, refering to HBO's new series. “And those play at Outfest and have their place. But to really be a mainstream film — we're not going to get that kind of support at the studio level that will really give us the promotion and really put them out there.”
“I'm going to have to get my own studio,” they mused with a grin, before referencing a planned biopic of the closeted black member of congress Barbara Jordan, set to be portrayed by Viola Davis. This studio would fill a much-needed space. Even so, Barclay contends that their identity as a black gay man has been their greatest strength in Hollywood, where they have enjoyed success in directing a variety of hit television shows that range from Glee, and Sons of Anarchy, to The Good Wife.
“It gives me a little extra advantage I think,” they say. “When you're gay, you're not only fabulous, but you also have a great deal of sensitivity to other causes. …The whole world touches us in a different way.”
GLAAD representative Wilson Cruz, an actor who broke television barriers by playing one of the first gay teenagers on ABC's My So-Called Life, believes the business model employed by studios is broken. As the United States grows to become more racially complex and tolerant of LGBT people, films are now being viewed by a vastly diverse global audience. They say formulas that Hollywood has employed to attract audiences no longer apply, arguing that the industry should perhaps turn to the smaller screen as an example.
"It's no coincidence that as Hollywood film has lost revenue and cultural relevance to television in recent years, TV has featured increasingly more diverse characters and groundbreaking stories,” Cruz says. “Meanwhile, the mainstream film industry has grown more ‘risk' averse, but they desperately need to recognize that the real risk here is alienating a whole generation of moviegoers who expect to see the full diversity of their own communities and peer groups reflected in the media they consume.”
“For Hollywood's long-term viability, the film industry needs to make telling diverse stories an institutional priority from the scripting stage to the screen,” they conclude.
But where the big screen flounders, television and streaming services have been quick to pick up the slack. Shows like ABC's Modern Family, FOX's Brooklyn Nine-Nine, Netflix's Orange Is the New Black, and ABC Family's The Fosters have demonstrated that the diversity of a cast can engender high ratings and critical acclaim. And big names are paying attention.
Anjelica Huston is an Academy Award-winning actor who recently made the transition to television. They portrayed a Broadway producer on NBC's Smash, another show that was rich with minority characters. A jump from the big to small screen was unprecedented for thespians just a few years ago. But forerunners like Claire Danes on Showtime's Homeland, Jessica Lange on FX's American Horror Story, and Kevin Spacey on Netflix's House of Cards (as the bisexual politician Frank Underwood) have demonstrated that what was once considered a death knell for an actor can now be a golden opportunity not only for a career, but also for broadcasting tolerance of others.
“TV is ahead of the curve now, because it lives in people's living rooms. People relate to it on a day-to-day basis,” Huston told The Advocate last month on the red carpet of L.A. Italia, a celebration of Italian film and culture, where they were being honored for their onscreen achievements. “But I think what's going on in television really relates to people in their everyday lives. And I think that the way these subjects are being tackled is becoming more modern and more comprehensive. The more we know about each other, the less we have to judge.”
Ultimately, it is the task of people in their everyday lives to seek out diversity, if they would like to see these changes reflected onscreen, concludes Outfest Fusion's Taj Paxton.
“We have to count on each other as a media culture, as an audience to say, ‘I want to see different kinds of people.' And I think that would require us, as people, to have a higher cultural intelligence,” they say. “Does everyone in your circle think like you? Look like you? Then that means your world is small. So until we understand that our worlds are made bigger by diversity, then we will continue to have these challenges.”
VANCOUVER — For James and Eilona Penner, a little bit of help from family meant the difference between buying their first home in Maple Ridge this spring or waiting three years, as they had planned.
That intergenerational transfer of wealth is becoming a bigger factor for young buyers trying to get on Metro Vancouver's steep property ladder, according to BMO's annual survey of first-time homeowners.
The survey found that four in 10 respondents in Metro Vancouver were expecting help from parents or other relatives to make their purchase.
And Metro Vancouverites are waiting longer, paying more — an average of $506,000 compared with the national average of $316,100 for a first buy — and willing to cut back on lifestyle purchases to take that first step, the survey found.
For the Penners, it meant Eilona's mother contributed to the down payment so their daughter and son-in-law could buy for $360,000 the 1,500-square-foot house they had been renting, and is living with them until circumstances allow the couple to pay them back.
“We wouldn't have bought without her,” James Penner said of their arrangement. “And (without) them allowing us to step into it, we … most likely would have started with a townhouse.”
Instead, they will take possession of a house in mid-May that has room for their young family, children aged two and four.
The arrangement is something Penner has discovered is quite common among their co-workers at CP Rail. They said one colleague is buying into a property in Mission, along with their in-laws, that has two houses on it, and another is buying their in-laws' house, which the mother-in-law will continue living in — an arrangement similar to their own.
And whether it is parents helping children make a down payment with a gift of cash, or buying in under some other arrangement, it is something that realtors are seeing more of in Metro Vancouver's pricey markets, where buyers are having a harder time qualifying for mortgages under rules that have been tightened up by the federal government over the last two years.
“Families getting involved as a result of kids not being able to pull (a purchase) off on their own, there's much more of that,” said Ron Antalek, managing broker for Ron Antalek Re/Max Lifestyles Realty in Maple Ridge.
Antalek doesn't see the same level of parental help in their more starter-friendly market of Maple Ridge/Pitt Meadows that was found in the BMO survey.
However, the one-quarter to one-third of purchases they see that involve family participation is a big increase from just a few years ago.
“Then it was maybe one in 10,” they said.
For Metro Vancouver as a whole, BMO's Chris Menard said, there was a substantial jump in expectations of parental help in the 2014 survey. In last year's edition, they said, it was 33 per cent.
“It's interesting to show that kind of intergenerational switch of wealth, if you will,” they said, which is understandable in the region's high-priced markets.
In the survey, BMO found that 57 per cent of Metro Vancouver respondents said they had delayed making a first purchase because of rising prices, and some 66 per cent reported sacrificing lifestyle choices to help add to savings for a down payment.
Following on out last Hedgehog Facts post, we offer another.
These hedgehog facts are all to true, amazing, and mind-blowing that we don't even need any introductory text here, though we feel compelled to put something here anyway.
1. A hedgehog hubris fact.
2. A meta-hedgehog fact.
3. Hedgehogs are fashionably late with their Shark Week references.
4. A hedgehog fact you can't debate.
5. A reliable hedgehog fact.
6. Please…
7. A not quite literary hedgehog fact.
9. The grooviest hedgehog fact, man.
8. Maybe not a hedgehog fact. Still a fact… They're so bad, sometimes it makes it hard to count.
10. A cryptic hedgehog fact.
11. Arr, another fact for ye.
12. In case you wondered.
13. A dynamic next generation strategic hedgehog fact focusing on core competencies.
14. A very important fact. One day we look forward to a world without hedgehog witch trials.
15. Mmm, pie.
16. Hedgehogs, why can't they just share the hedge? And also donuts…
17. A stellar hedgehog fact.
18. In hedgehog language “one who puts hats on hedgehogs” is a mild curse word.
19. Another Snow White related fact because we're like that. Dear Disney, please don't sue us.
20. Fact: This fact was mostly an excuse to use this picture.
21: A fact for the nerds.
22. Another fact for the nerds.
23.If you look carefully you might be able to discover a hedgehog fact hidden in this photo. Bonus fact: we were mistaken about there being 22 hedgehog facts in this article.
For awesome shirts and other delightful merch, visit http://urchinwear.net
For even more facts, check out Twenty Incredible Hedgehog Facts That Will Astound You
Charles Vernam's double was not enough for Derby County's Under 23s as Manchester United struck a late on to edge out 3-2 winners at Old Trafford.
The Rams found themselves having to fight back on two occasions in the match after Scott McTominay broke the deadlock, before Joshua Harrop scored from the penalty spot.
Vernam scored two headers – one in each half – as they maintained their strong personal start to the season, but McTominay struck with four minutes remaining to seal all the points for last season's Under 21 champions.
The forward bagged their first goal of the contest after Manchester United quickly got themselves on top in this Premier League 2 Division 1 contest as they peppered Henrich Ravas' goal over a strong 20-minute spell.
The lively Joe Riley was first to test their luck, shooting low after cutting inside from the left, but Derby's Slovakian goalkeeper was equal to the tame effort at their near post.
Harrop attempted the same trick as the Rams struggled to extinguish the hosts' early threat and the pressure soon told as they broke the deadlock on 16 minutes as McTominay rose highest to connect with a left wing cross, beating Ravas with the help of the underside of the crossbar.
Warren Joyce's side continued to hold a firm grip of the contest as Harrop saw a deflected drive easily saved by Ravas, whilst the visitors were indebted to the woodwork just past the half hour mark as McTominay came close to grabbing a second.
Before those two chances, Vernam had looped a header from Kyron Stabana's right wing cross over the crossbar but they had more luck with 11 minutes of the half remaining as Derby clawed themselves back level.
United failed to deal with a cross into the area and after a short period of head tennis the in-form forward rose highest to connect a firm header, which, despite the hosts' best efforts to clear the ball, was adjudged to have crossed the line.
Level at the break, the second half was a slow burner until it burst into life with 20 minutes remaining.
There were two quick fire efforts, though – one for each side. Ravas had to be alert to keep the Rams in the game, cutting out Sadiq El Fitouri's teasing centre before McTominay could capitalise, whilst Vernam nodded Calum Macdonald's cross agonisingly wide at the other end.
Fifteen minutes later, and a late foul on Matthew Olosunde in the area presented the Red Devils with the chance to edge back in front – an opportunity that Harrop made no mistake with as they slammed their spot kick into the bottom left corner.
Refusing to lie down, the pendulum swung again as Derby sought a way back into the game.
Alex Cover nearly made it all square again as they smartly turned in the area and saw a low shot deflected just wide, but just two minutes later the Rams were back on level terms.
Wassall, Derby's academy director, introduced Alefe Santos and they made an early impact as they sent a precise cross for Vernam, stooping, to head beyond O'Hara.
It looked like the Rams had done enough to pick up their first point of the campaign, but there was still one final twist in the tale as United struck a late as they threw bodies forward in a frantic finish.
McTominay was the man of the moment as they struck a low shot into the bottom corner, leaving Ravas flat-footed as United took the lead for the third time of the match.
Derby tried to reverse things once again, but Jamie Hanson was left thwarted on two occasions by O'Hara as the hosts held on to claim all the spoils at the Theatre of Dreams.
Manchester United U23s: O'Hara, Fitouri, Tuanzebe, Poole, Riley, Redmond (Olosunde, 59), Scott (Williams, 62), Willock, McTominay, Harrop, Hamilton
Substitutes not used: Moutha-Sebtaoui, Doughty, Chong
Derby County U23s: Ravas, Stabana, Wassall, Cover, Macdonald; Hanson, Gordon, Guy, Vernam; Jakobsen (Babos, 86), Walker (Santos, 67)
Substitutes not used: Yates, Marsh, Skapetis
Tweets by @ dcfcofficial
Prime Minister David Cameron and First Minister Alex Salmond to meet in Edinburgh to sign agreement.
The debate on Scotland's constitutional future will officially begin on Monday as the UK and Scottish governments agree a framework for the referendum on independence.
Prime Minister David Cameron and First Minister Alex Salmond are expected to meet in Edinburgh to sign off on the deal, which will pave the way for the Scottish Parliament to hold a plebiscite on whether Scotland should leave the Union.
The details of the agreement are not yet known but media speculation has suggested that it will provide for a single-question referendum, the UK Government's favoured approached, and allow 16 and 17 year olds to vote for the first time in the UK, a move that has been pushed by the SNP.
Speaking ahead of their meeting with the Prime Minister, Mr Salmond said: “The people of Scotland gave the Scottish Government a clear mandate in last year's election to hold a referendum on Scotland's future in 2014.
“The agreement I expect to reach with the Prime Minister is one which ensures that not only is the referendum made in Scotland, but that the fundamental right of the people of Scotland to choose their own future is respected by all.
“The agreement will see Scotland take an important step toward independence, and the means to create a fairer and more prosperous Scotland. I look forward to working positively for a yes vote in 2014."
The pact has been struck to quash concerns over the legality of a referendum conducted by Holyrood without the permission of Westminster. The Scotland Act (1998), which created the Scottish Parliament, reserves constitutional matters to the UK Parliament.
The Prime Minister will agree to use a Section 30 order to transfer temporarily the power to hold a referendum from London to Edinburgh. This refers to Section 30(2) of the Scotland Act which allows UK ministers to make changes to Schedule Five of the Act – the section of the law that enumerates the powers of the two parliaments.
Secretary of State for Scotland Michael Moore, who negotiated the deal with Deputy First Minister Nicola Sturgeon, told the BBC's Sunday Politics show that the agreed document would ensure a referendum that would be "legal, fair and decisive".
They said: "I think it's a good agreement. I believe it will now allow us to put up in lights the big issues about the big debate...on what is best for Scotland. I believe that when we look at the economy, at defence, at our place in the world, on all these big issues people across Scotland will continue to support Scotland being in the United Kingdom.
"Independence is about Scotland leaving the UK, becoming a separate state, taking on all the burdens and risks that go with that and losing the benefits and opportunities that we have as part of the UK.”
Follow it live: Updates throughout the day on the agreement signing
A just-out BBC World Service poll surveying 22,000 people in 21 countries found a wide preference for President Obama in the presidential race, who scored 50 percent favorable among all respondents to Mitt Romney's 9 percent. Almost a quarter, 24 percent, gave some variation of an answer that it made no difference. Only 16 percent said they didn't know, a reminder of how closely the world follows American politics.
The poll surveyed many of the world's most populous countries. It emphasized famously Obama-friendly Western Europe but skipped Russia and the Arab Middle East. Here are the results from Globescan's report:
The only country where Romney scored higher was Pakistan, which may be more about widespread opposition to the Obama administration's policies than is it about embracing Romney. Only 11 percent of Pakistanis said they wanted to see Obama reelected — by far their lowest score out of the countries surveyed — while 15 percent supported Romney, which is roughly consistent with their numbers in other countries. An earlier Pew poll found only 7 percent confidence for Obama in Pakistan, with 60 percent expressing no confidence. The U.S. drone program in Pakistan's border region is a source of particular popular animus.
Obama scored extremely well in Canada, Australia, Africa, Western Europe (except Spain, where they received a relatively low 45 percent, though Romney got only 1 percent), as well as Panama and Brazil. Since 2008, when the poll was also conducted, pro-Obama sentiment has most significantly dropped in China, Mexico and Kenya; it rose by the widest margins in India and Panama.
Romney's best showing was in Kenya with 18 percent, perhaps reflecting a degree of disillusionment with Obama (John McCain scored only 5 percent there in the 2008 poll). Their second-highest score was in Poland. "Eastern Europe has long seen Republicans as more sympathetic to their struggles with Russia, and former Polish president Lech Walesa endorsed Romney over the summer," The Post's Michael Birnbaum and Keith B. Richburg explained Sunday. Broadly, though, their numbers in this poll are consistent with McCain's in 2008, suggesting the possibility that many foreign publics associate Republicans with the George W. Bush, whose administration was deeply unpopular abroad.
Neither candidate fared especially well in China or, more surprisingly, Japan. Chinese gave Obama 28 percent approval and Romney 9 percent, a single-digit but significant drop since 2008. Both citizens and government officials in China have been glued to the 2012 race, often expressing concern over the increasingly pointed rhetoric against Chinese policies.
Japanese opinion is more complicated, in part because polls have been inconsistent. Globescan says that 33 percent support Obama and 9 percent for Romney, pretty low given how highly Japanese seem to score the U.S. in other surveys. A Gallup poll found Japan's presidential job approval rating drop from 66 percent in 2009 to 46 percent in 2011. Pew reported that Japanese confidence in Obama had slipped from a sky-high 85 percent in 2009 to a still-high 74 percent this year; the same poll, though, found Japanese favorability toward the U.S. itself rising from 59 percent to 72 percent. Pew's analysts attributed this increase to the U.S. aid effort after the March 2011 Fukushima crisis, although it's not clear, then, why they would appear to rate Obama so poorly in the Globescan poll.
The countries where Obama leads together make up about 56.4 percent of the global population. Non-Americans sometimes joke — or gripe — that they should get a vote in U.S. presidential elections, given the winner's potential impact on their country and sometimes individual lives. If they did, it seems likely, based on this poll, that Obama would win.
MANHATTAN (CN) – A former student sued Vassar College, claiming it expelled them for a night of “clearly consensual sexual activity,” because of policies that “invariably” find men guilty of sexual misconduct on the basis of their sex.
Xiaolu “Peter” Yu claims in Federal Court that they suffered emotional distress, loss of career prospects and earnings and damage to their reputation. They want the expulsion reversed and their disciplinary record expunged.
Yu and Vassar are the only parties to the complaint.
“The decision reached was discriminatory; given the evidence (or lack thereof), a discriminatory bias against males was required for a conclusion of sexual misconduct to be reached and expulsion ordered,” Yu says in the complaint.
Yu enrolled at Vassar in the fall of 2011 after graduating from an academy in Connecticut, where they excelled in academics and athletics. They say in the complaint that they grew up in Dalian, China, a seaport in the northeast, where their parents “sacrificed and saved” so they could be educated in the United States.
They chose Vassar, in Poughkeepsie, N.Y., from the six colleges that offered them admission. Founded as a women's college in 1861, Vassar has been coeducational since 1969.
As a first-year student, Yu joined the college crew team and by their sophomore year was a varsity rower, according to the complaint. They became acquainted with a female rower, a year ahead of him, who by early 2012 showed a “romantic interest” in him, according to the complaint.
After a team party in February 2012, where Yu and the woman drank alcohol, the two went to a campus dance venue, where they kissed into the night, according to the complaint. The woman, who is identified in the document, then agreed to leave the site “to have sex with Peter Yu.”
They retired to Yu's dorm room, where Yu confessed this was “his first time” and they responded, “it's okay, I know what to do,” according to the complaint.
They performed oral sex on Yu, then instructed them “on where and how” to do the same to her, the complaint states.
Their sexual intercourse was interrupted when Yu's roommate returned. When they left, the woman “began to get dressed again and commented on how they ‘took Peter Yu's virginity,'” the complaint states.
“After that one night of consensual sex, for which [the woman] took off their own clothes, Peter Yu and [she] amicably texted each other,” the complaint states.
They exchanged posts on Facebook over the next few months but did not get back together because the woman indicated they had just ended a relationship and wasn't ready for another one, Yu says in the complaint.
“At no time did [the woman] ever indicate that they were fearful of Peter Yu or that they believed Peter Yu had raped her,” the complaint states. “In fact, Peter Yu never raped [her] because they engaged in consensual sexual intercourse.”
A year later, Vassar contacted Yu to advise them that allegations of sexual assault had been filed. They were charged with two violations of the student handbook.
Yu claims the college's Title IX investigator, Richard Horowitz, interviewed him, the woman and others about the allegations before a formal grievance hearing was scheduled by the school.
Yu, given a chance to look over the case file, thought Horowitz's report “reflected their own biased decision that Peter Yu was guilty,” according to the complaint.
“Noticeably absent from Mr. Horowitz's report is the mention of (or explanation for its absence) any police report or health examination/rape kit made in connection with the alleged incident, i.e., any supporting evidence,” the complaint states.
At the formal hearing in March, Yu was not given legal representation, though they were able to bring along a faculty member for support, according to the complaint. Their request to have a student on the hearing panel was denied; the panel was comprised of faculty only, including one who served in the same academic department as the woman's father, a longtime professor at Vassar.
Yu says they were allowed to question the woman at the hearing, but not at length.
“In response to the questions that were allowed, [the woman] would start to cry and was allowed (by the panel) not to provide any substantive response to Peter Yu's substantive questions about the falsity of their charges and the many inconsistencies in their testimony,” the complaint states.
After the hearing, the panel found Yu guilty and the next day they were expelled. Yu's appeal was denied.
“Notwithstanding Peter Yu's unblemished disciplinary record and high academic (3.8 GPA) and athletic achievement (Vassar rowing team) at Vassar College, and the lack of evidence in support of [the woman's] claim of rape, defendant Vassar meted out the highest possible sanction against Peter Yu, namely, immediate expulsion,” the complaint states.
Yu accuses the college of violating Title IX, the federal civil rights law that prohibits sexual discrimination in education.
“Vassar College has historically and systematically rendered verdicts against males in sexual misconduct cases, solely on the basis of sex,” they say in the complaint. “… They are invariably found guilty, regardless of the evidence, or lack thereof.”
They add: “Vassar College regulations effectuate a failure of due process for the student population, especially the male student population, in their current state because they are set up to encourage and facilitate the reporting of false reports of sexual misconduct and/or other grievances without any recourse for the falsely accused.”
Yu also accuses the college of breach of contract, deceptive trade, negligence and intentional infliction of emotional distress.
“As a result of defendant Vassar's actions, Peter Yu's entire academic career is ruined and, without a college education, their overall economic future is completely compromised,” the complaint states.
Their student visa, sponsored by Vassar, was terminated, and their ability to remain in this country is dependent on acceptance at another college – which the complaint says is “bleak.”
So far, five of 10 colleges they applied to denied them acceptance, based on the Vassar hearing.
“Peter Yu seeks redress from this court to undo the wrongs occasioned by Vassar College on their life, future and family,” the complaint states.
That includes reversing the hearing findings, expunging their disciplinary record and destroying any account of the hearing. Yu also seeks damages for past and future economic losses, attorneys' fees and costs.
 They are represented by Andrew Miltenberg with Nesenoff & Miltenberg in New York City.
Like this: Like Loading...
This is a complete joke. So essentially Obama is spending $29 million in TAXPAYER FUNDS to help “bring out the vote” for new immigrants that are more likely to vote for Hillary Clinton. Absolutely despicable.
Judicial Watch Reports
Months after the Obama administration spent $19 million to register new immigrant voters that will likely support Democrats in November, it's dedicating an additional $10 million in a final push as the presidential election approaches. The money is distributed by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS), the Homeland Security agency that oversees lawful immigration, to organizations that help enhance pathways to naturalization by offering immigrants free citizenship instruction, English, U.S. history and civics courses. Officially, they're known as “citizenship integration grants.”
Since 2009 USCIS has doled out $63 million in these grants to prepare more than 156,000 resident immigrants in dozens of states for U.S. citizenship, according to the agency's figures.
Besides the free classes, Uncle Sam also offers immigrants free “naturalization legal services,” the latest USCIS grant announcement states. “Recipient organizations serve both traditional immigrant destinations and new immigrant getaway cities in 21 states,” the USCIS document reads.
The latest $10 million investment will prepare approximately 25,000 residents from more than 50 countries, according to the agency. More than a dozen states—including California, New York, Florida, Washington and Ohio—with large resident immigrant populations are being targeted as well as cities with huge immigrant populations such as Miami, Los Angeles, Chicago, San Francisco and Washington D.C.
Unafraid to make use of the commonest economic-political cliche of our time, a new group announced itself last fall thusly: “If the United States were run like a business, its board of directors would fire its financial advisers for failing to disclose the significant and material risks associated with unmitigated climate change.”
Nothing wrong with a cliche in the service of the greater good. And that's precisely what the Risky Business Project is: Some of our nation's most formidable business and business-associated leaders, many of them of the Republican persuasion, gathered together to face up to the most pressing issue of our time.
People who run businesses must live in the real world, not in one made up of what-ifs or we-wishes. They know that one's personal politics have nothing to do with those external factors. When the sea level is rising and the micro-climates in which crops are grown are heating up and the deserts are on the move, the Earth doesn't care if you're an American tea party adherent or a European socialist. It is what it is. If the climate changes then you'd better believe the business climate does as well. And if too much climate change is bad for business, isn't it a lot better to try to do something about it than sticking your head in the sand on that beach where that ocean water is moving up to drown you?
The Risky Business Project's co-chairs are Michael Bloomberg, the former Republican turned independent who was a billionaire entrepreneur before and after they became mayor of New York City; Henry Paulson, who served President George W. Bush as Treasury secretary and was the chairperson and CEO of Goldman Sachs; and Tom Steyer, a self-described “avid Californian” who made their billions at Farallon Capital Management in the Bay Area and is a Democrat.
Like any good business endeavor, the trio and the group's star-studded board didn't want to deal with just the extant facts presented by others. They hired the Rhodium Group, an economic research firm that analyzes disruptive global trends for “an independent assessment of the economic risks posed by a changing climate in the U.S.” Then they brought in Risk Management Solutions, the world's largest “catastrophe-modeling company,” and partnered them with an economist and a climate scientist to look at the problem in the way that a big business would: Essentially, as a matter of insurance.
In the voluminous report, there is no screaming bloody murder: “Weather is inherently variable, and no single hot day, drought, winter storm or hurricane can be exclusively attributed to climate change,” the authors soberly and correctly note. But that doesn't mean we can relax and play the cards we're dealt: “A warmer climate, however, increases the frequency and/or severity of many extreme weather events.”
Earth's climate is incredibly complex. No one knows exactly what the future holds, given our civilization's greenhouse-gas impact on it. But one unfortunate trend among some of the original activists who decades ago began to hand-wring about the problem is that too many have in the past year or two decided that we've gone too far and it's too late to make a difference. That's not what Risky Business believes: “Our findings show that, if we continue on our current path, many regions of the U.S. face the prospect of serious economic effects from climate change. However, if we choose a different path — if we act aggressively to both adapt to the changing climate and to mitigate future impacts by reducing carbon emissions — we can significantly reduce our exposure to the worst economic risks from climate change and also demonstrate global leadership on climate.”
Hey, many of these guys are politicians, right? And so they see that an interesting side effect of taking the lead on climate-change mitigation can put the United States in the global-leadership position it held in the past century after helping to win the two world wars. As business leaders, they see nothing wrong with doing well by doing good.
Neither do we.
It's heartening to see this all-American approach to fighting climate change. The recognition that solutions lie in taking an economic viewpoint is practical news the whole world can use.
Why does the March for Life, a rally that attracts tens of thousands of anti-abortion Americans to Washington, D.C., every year get less prominent media coverage than a fringe neo-Nazi gathering? Because institutional media and white nationalists have formed a politically convenient symbiotic relationship.
For Jew-hating racists, the attention means they can playact as a viable and popular movement with pull in Washington. In return, many in the media get to confirm their own biases and treat white supremacy as if it were the secret ingredient to Republican success.
Meanwhile, this obsessive coverage of the alt-right not only helps mainstream a small movement but it's also exactly what the bigots need and want to grow.
Check out the coverage of this weekend's National Policy Institute conference in Washington. As far as I can tell, these pseudointellectual xenophobic bull sessions have been going on for years, featuring many of the same names. These people have generally been given the attention they deserve, which is to say exceptionally little. If you read this week's headlines, though, you would have thought the German American Bund had packed 22,000 cheering fascists into the Ronald Reagan International Trade Center.
A New York Times headline read, "Alt-Right Exults in Donald Trump's Election With a Salute: 'Heil Victory.'"
Politico's headline read, "Alt-right celebrates Trump's election at D.C. meeting."
NPR's read, "Energized By Trump's Win, White Nationalists Gather To 'Change The World.'"
Every major cable news network had a discussion about the importance of the Institute. But here's a little nugget from the NPR piece that asserts the election has given this "once fringe movement a jolt":
"About 300 people—split nearly evenly between conference attendees and protesters of the conference outside—were on hand at the downtown D.C. event."
About 300 people? Some jolt. To put that into context, there were well over 300 people at thousands of churches and temples across the Washington area this weekend praying for peace on Earth. In this country, you could pull together 300 people for a meeting about anything, actually. Thousands of UFO enthusiasts got together in the Arizona desert last year in hopes of not being mass abducted by space aliens.
A few years ago, I attended the Socialist convention in Chicago, where at least a thousand activists gathered to discuss how to end economic freedom. Since then, 43 percent of Democrat primary goers have given this extreme movement a jolt, I guess.
Then again, it's possible not every self-styled American "socialist" is an ideological purist about handing production of iPhones to the state. We'd be wise to view many on the alt-right with similar skepticism.
Still, it is indisputable that many of these people are odious—and not odious in the way liberals think of Republicans who worry about refugees from Syria, or in the way immigration laws are odious. We have a responsibility to use morally precise language when referring to this group (which, in this case, is the neo-Nazi group); contextualize their influence (which is little but more than it should be); and unequivocally call them out. We should never, ever glamorize them for political purposes.
Why do media obsessively cover the alt-right? I suppose it's the same reason every major publication gave former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke—who polled at 3 to 4 percent in the Louisiana Senate race all year—their undivided attention. (What am I talking about? We're still hearing about Duke on a daily basis.) It's to create the impression that they matter.
None of this is to say Trump shouldn't be called out for their vulgar rhetoric or ideas, some of which gave these people the space they needed. Nor does it absolve Republicans who look the other way when genuine bigotry appears. Yes, GOPers shouldn't normalize the alt-right, and neither should the media imbue the movement with an outsized importance to feed its preferred narrative regarding the election.
For some reporters, I imagine it's a matter of perception. Conservative critics of Trump were relentlessly attacked by astroturfing neo-Nazi types on social media during the primaries. After the primaries, when liberal journalists finally focused on Trump, they, too, became the target of harassment. The hate became a huge story because of these personal experiences.
But that's a generous reading of events. Another reading is that coverage is driven with the cynical purpose of exaggerating the importance of neo-Nazis to tie them to Republicans. The media will now demand the administration to denounce white supremacists every time they have a meeting—which itself intimates that there is a connection. Conflating these scary things can create the impression that conservatism is Donald Trump, which is Steve Bannon, which is David Duke, which is Richard Spencer.
I'm afraid it's not that simple. And attempting to make it that simple only weakens legitimate criticism of the president-elect—of which there is plenty.
COPYRIGHT 2016 CREATORS
White lion is one of three born Friday
Omaha's Henry Doorly Zoo and Aquarium has three new lion cubs, including a rare white lion.The cubs, two male and one female, were born Friday.The male white lion is rare, according to the zoo. The zoo's genetics department says the inheritance patterns of the white coat are not fully understood, and may be linked to a very rare recessive gene from each parent.All three cubs will be on display with their mother.The zoo says lion cubs typically weigh about three pounds at birth and open their eyes within a week or two. These cubs all just over four pounds.
Omaha's Henry Doorly Zoo and Aquarium has three new lion cubs, including a rare white lion.
The cubs, two male and one female, were born Friday.
Advertisement
The male white lion is rare, according to the zoo. The zoo's genetics department says the inheritance patterns of the white coat are not fully understood, and may be linked to a very rare recessive gene from each parent.
All three cubs will be on display with their mother.
The zoo says lion cubs typically weigh about three pounds at birth and open their eyes within a week or two. These cubs all just over four pounds.
AlertMe
Like a lot of queer people, Daniel K. Isaac has a complicated relationship with their mother, Esther.
Esther is a devoutly religious Korean-American who doesn't approve of their son's sexuality -- and they aren't shy about telling them so. For a long time, Isaac grappled with how to deal with their mother's disapproval and constant comments about their sexuality. But then friends made them realize something powerful -- the way their mother communicated their feelings about their life and sexuality are actually hilarious.
Like...
And...
They're so funny, in fact, that Daniel created a hashtag, #AccordingToMyMother, which became a viral Internet sensation. This happened not only because of the comedic nature of their communication, but because of the visible exploration of the love between a mother and child, despite the way that cultural and religious differences can serve as a wedge in their relationships.
Now, Isaac plans to turn the #AccordingToMyMother sensation into a film, funded through a Kickstarter campaign. While their mother is embarrassed by the online attention they have received, especially with their living in California and Daniel in New York, they are fully supportive of the film and embraces the idea that art can be therapeutic.
The Huffington Post spoke with Isaac this week about why they decided to start sharing their relationship with their mom with the public, and what they hope can be achieved through this film.
The Huffington Post: What made you want to start sharing your mom's quotes?
Daniel K. Isaac: Living on opposite sides of the country, the main form of communication my mom and I have is by phone. In order to limit the duration of these conversations, I often call my mom on my way to something: the subway station, work, rehearsal, or home. On many occasions, I would arrive at a destination while finishing up a call in front of my friends or castmates or coworkers and they would ask why I was in whatever emotional state my mother had put me in. I would recount the conversation, and rather than finding empathy or compassion for my plight, I would be met with laughter or utter shock and disbelief. It took an outsider's perspective for me to realize how ridiculous or absurd and downright comical my mom sounded. When I learned to observe the hilarity rather than the negative arguments themselves, I didn't mind calling my mom as much. In fact, I looked forward to it. I realized maybe other people would enjoy hearing about this too and see how a different perspective can radically change a relationship dynamic. So I took to Facebook and received more “likes” on those snippets of conversations than I ever did on a new profile picture. And that led to a Tumblr and an Instagram account and now a movie!
HP: What has the reaction been like?
I can no longer have a "mom-free" conversation. Instead of being introduced as Daniel the actor, I now hear, “You should add Daniel as a Facebook friend so you can read more about their mom.” People I haven't spoken to in years will share embarrassing and intimate details about their family and their parental relationships or how they have been meaning to start their own hashtag or blog for "According To My Southern Mother" or "Sh*t My German Mom Says."
I have a handful of friends and old acquaintances who are reticent to express their support. I've been told #accordingtomymother is improper. Or I am airing my dirty laundry. Or disrespecting my elders. Or dishonoring a familial bond or parent-child confidentiality (is that a thing?). I counter these points with stories about friends/acquaintances/strangers who tell me about their idiosyncratic families, who share potentially traumatic anecdotes for the first time, who are given permission and a platform to express their personal experiences and how they empathize with their own family backgrounds. And that makes it worth it -- to at least help start the conversation.
What do you think your relationship with your mom can show us about understanding and love between people who maybe don't see eye to eye?
When my mom disowned me for being gay, it was my first-year student year of college. I remember going to the Financial Aid Office to consider my options as a suddenly-and-unexpectedly financially-independent 16-year-old, and they had me fill out some surprisingly simple paperwork and register for ten sessions of therapy. The therapist I was assigned ended up being the best thing to come from the Financial Aid Office -- of all places! They really helped me find a new way to approach my relationship with my mother.
They said I could be "White," "Black" or "Gray." "White" meant I could go back in the closet as my mom hoped and prayed and return to the church and fight this "sin" and have the old relationship I had with my mother. "Black” meant resuming our silence, letting the rift grow larger and learning to live without a relationship with my mother because neither of us was going to change. I was always going to be gay. They were always going to believe that homosexuality was a choice and a sin. Or I could try to find the “Gray." They highlighted the fact that my mother was a single parent and I was an only child and that our relationship, while incredibly messy, was important to each of us. And perhaps we could find a gray area in which I would accept the likelihood that they were never going to change their belief system, but I would learn to have compassion in the face of their homophobia, or ignore their ignorance, and let them words that were meant to hurt just go through one ear and out the other. Love by example, even when it may never be reciprocated in the same fashion. Am I always successful at this? No. I mean, I find a weird form of catharsis by writing about it and sharing it with the world. But I think the intention is pure. And maybe if we found the gray area in our extreme points of view a little bit more, then maybe we could have a little more understanding in the world. A little more love.
What's the one thing you want people to take away from your experience?
I think by writing #accordingtomymother, I've learned the importance of trying to find laughter and comedy when there's seemingly none to be found. I think humor is part of my healing and coping process and I hope to be able to share that with these posts and with this movie. I hope that, past the hilarity and the absurdity of it all, you can see one guy's “resilience,” which sounds like too strong a word, but basically this is how I work with the cards I've been dealt and maybe that can help someone else through their own journey.
Oh, and, call your mom.
Vermont senator Bernie Sanders has made railing against inequality, Wall Street malfeasance, and corporate greed a cornerstone of their populist campaign. But in a newly published transcript of a conversation between the Democratic presidential candidate and the editorial board of the New York Daily News, Sanders admitted they have not formulated any specific plans to break up the big banks or bring jobs back from overseas.
In the wide-ranging interview, which took place last week but was published Monday night, on the eve of the Wisconsin Democratic primary, Sanders appeared to reveal a damning lack of understanding of the exact regulatory statutes, laws, and powers they and a cooperative Congress could use to break up “too big to fail” banks during the first year of their administration, an oft-repeated promise in their stump speeches. Pressed by the Daily News as to whether the Federal Reserve had that authority, Sanders seemed unsure:
Sanders: Well, I don't know if the Fed has it. But I think the administration can have it.
Daily News: How? How does a President turn to JPMorgan Chase, or have the Treasury turn to any of those banks and say, “Now you must do X, Y and Z?”
Sanders: Well, you do have authority under the Dodd-Frank legislation to do that, make that determination.
Daily News: You do, just by Federal Reserve fiat, you do?
Sanders: Yeah. Well, I believe you do.
Asked for additional details on exactly how they would break up the banks (“What would it be? What would that institution be? Would there be a consumer bank? Where would the investing go?”), Sanders responded that how banks decide to “reconfigure themselves” would not be their decision. The Daily News was puzzled:
Daily News: Well, it does depend on how you do it, I believe. And, I'm a little bit confused because just a few minutes ago you said the U.S. President would have authority to order...
Sanders: No, I did not say we would order. I did not say that we would order. The President is not a dictator.
Daily News: Okay. You would then leave it to JPMorgan Chase or the others to figure out how to break it, themselves up. I'm not quite...
Sanders: You would determine is that, if a bank is too big to fail, it is too big to exist. And then you have the secretary of treasury and some people who know a lot about this, making that determination. If the determination is that Goldman Sachs or JPMorgan Chase is too big to fail, yes, they will be broken up.
Daily News: Okay. You saw, I guess, what happened with Metropolitan Life. There was an attempt to bring them under the financial regulatory scheme, and the court said no. And what does that presage for your program?
Sanders: It's something I have not studied, honestly, the legal implications of that.
As the interview moved on to how their administration would punish the Wall Street executives they blame for the 2008 financial crisis, Sanders said that they would have a “much more aggressive attorney general looking at all of the legal implications” than Barack Obama's Justice Department did, but was unable to provide more specifics:
Daily News: Okay. But do you have a sense that there is a particular statute or statutes that a prosecutor could have or should have invoked to bring indictments?
Sanders: I suspect that there are. Yes.
Daily News: You believe that? But do you know?
Sanders: I believe that that is the case. Do I have them in front of me, now, legal statutes? No, I don't. But if I would...yeah, that's what I believe, yes. When a company pays a $5 billion fine for doing something that's illegal, yeah, I think we can bring charges against the executives.
Daily News: I'm only pressing because you've made it such a central part of your campaign. And I wanted to know what the mechanism would be to accomplish it.
Sanders: Let me be very clear about this. Alright? Let me repeat what I have said. Maybe you've got a quote there. I do believe that, to a significant degree, the business model of Wall Street is fraud.
Sanders's frequent attacks on the financial industry and corporate greed, which have been a driving force behind the popularity of their insurgent campaign, come amid rising anger toward income inequality and the economic status quo. Over the last several decades, millions of well-paid factory jobs have disappeared, some to countries like Mexico and China, while many more were simply made obsolete by automation and new technologies. In 1970, more than a quarter of Americans worked in manufacturing; today that number is one in 10. Sanders, like Donald Trump, has promised to renegotiate U.S trade deals they say are to blame for enabling businesses to move jobs overseas. But in their conversation with the Daily News, Sanders displayed a lack of familiarity with economic principles when they insisted the U.S. abide by "fair trade policies" wherein companies could not outsource to countries without comparatively high wages or labor protections. "I don't think it is appropriate for trade policies to say that you can move to a country where wages are abysmal, where there are no environmental regulations, where workers can't form unions," they argued, though they noted they were not anti-trade. Later, they added that the U.S. should trade only with countries where "It is roughly equivalent to the wages and environmental standards in the United States"—a bar that many trading partners would not be able to meet.
Barack Obama FOLLOW Donald Trump FOLLOW Follow to get the latest news and analysis about the players in your inbox. See All Players
Here is a little background on how baseball arrived in Pakistan:
In 1992, the game was introduced to the country by current Pakistan Federation Baseball President Syed Khawar Shah. During that same year, the first National Baseball Championship was held - eight teams from throughout Pakistan participated. Later, Pakistan Army and Pakistan Police also joined and became major promoters of the game. For the last 15+ years, the Federation has expanded the game aggressively and every year since then it has hosted a National Baseball Championship, National Women's Baseball Championship, and Inter-Provincial and Inter-Departmental tournaments. The Federation has brought in coaches from all over the world to help train players and coaches and develop the game and has run various clinics for players, umpires, and officials to keep them abreast with the latest knowledge and development in the sport.
Currently, Pakistan is ranked 23rd in the world in the World Baseball Softball Confederation rankings.
Your donation and support will not only allow us to help our players train for the World Baseball Classic Qualifier, but will also contribute to a great cause in further developing the game of baseball in Pakistan. We have so much talent in Pakistan! As many people know, the sport of cricket is very popular in our country. However, many cricket players are joining baseball teams, since the sports are similar in that they both are bat-and-ball games. We truly believe that the future of baseball in Pakistan is very bright and with your gracious donations we can capitalize on the momentum created by our participation in the WBC Qualifier and continue to develop our youth to hopefully one day be able to produce players that are capable of playing on a Major League Baseball club!
On Monday in New Hampshire, Marco Rubio virtually accused President Obama of treason. “It's now abundantly clear,” the Florida senator declared, that “Barack Obama has deliberately weakened America.” The president, Rubio continued, wants to “humble” the United States because they believe “our power has done more harm than good.” Essentially, Obama hates America and is working to bring it down.
Why is Rubio accusing Obama of purposely sabotaging America's well-being? It probably has less to do with Rubio's analysis of international politics than with their analysis of Republican primary politics. Basically, he's been Trumped.
Obama entered the White House believing that America was overstretched. They believed George W. Bush's decisions to invade Iraq and Afghanistan, in wars paid for on the national credit card, had hollowed the American military, distracted the country from challenges at home, cost trillions, and damaged America's reputation overseas. So, like Dwight Eisenhower during Korea and Richard Nixon during the waning years of Vietnam, Obama sought to end costly land wars and bring America's international commitments into better alignment with its resources.
One can argue that Obama's analysis was wrong, or that they executed it poorly, but it was designed not to weaken American power but to preserve and regenerate it. If Rubio doesn't understand that, then they don't understand that a nation's power is not measured by the size of its military footprint. The Soviet Union did not grow more powerful when it sent tens of thousands of troops into Afghanistan, just as the United States did not grow more powerful when it sent hundreds of thousands to Vietnam. Sending troops and weapons overseas can sap a nation's power as easily as they can boost it.
Rubio didn't always speak this way. They began their campaign with a message of optimism, inclusion, and goodwill. They announced their candidacy at the Freedom Tower, Miami's Ellis Island, where they quoted their father in Spanish in front of a heavily Latino crowd. A few days later, in a Spanish-language interview, they said they would attend a gay wedding. Asked about Black Lives Matter in August, they mentioned an African American friend who had been stopped by police “eight or nine times” in the past 18 months and then declared that racism in the criminal-justice system was “a serious problem in this country.”
Rubio's rhetoric has changed since then. They still mention their immigrant background. “Immigration is not an issue that I read about in the newspaper or watch a documentary on PBS or CNN,” they said at a Republican debate last month. “It's an issue I've lived around my whole life. My family are immigrants. My wife's family are immigrants. All of my neighbors are immigrants.” But they now say that undocumented immigrants would be ineligible for citizenship while they were president. They rarely speak Spanish at campaign events, and unlike Jeb Bush, Hillary Clinton, and Ted Cruz, has produced no Spanish-language ads.
Part of Rubio's initial pitch was their comfort with the more diverse, more tolerant America of 2015. Now, they advertise their discomfort with it. “This election,” they declared in an ad last month, “is... about all of us who feel out of place in our own country... millions with traditional values branded bigots and haters.”
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
The reaction to the ad was telling. “Marco goes full-on nativist,” declared MSNBC's Joe Scarborough, who rightly accused Rubio of pandering to the Trump supporters who resent America's darkening skin tone. But instead of ignoring Scarborough's attack, the Rubio campaign amplified it, declaring that, “Democrats, the media and the political establishment” are “absolutely terrified” of Rubio's new message.
It would be closer to the truth to say that Rubio is terrified by the fact that the “political establishment” likes them so much. Over the course of 2015, they eclipsed Jeb Bush and Chris Christie to become the darling of GOP donors in part because those donors saw them as capable of wooing the young and minority voters a Republican must win. In previous cycles, this kind of anointment would have been an unmitigated benefit. But this year, when so many Republican primary voters actively loathe their party's elite, Rubio's reputation as the establishment's man is very much a mixed blessing. Here's how Ann Coulter, who sometimes warms up Trump's crowds for him, describes Rubio in their book, Adios America:
"The practiced liars in the Republican Party know damn well Americans do not want more immigration, but the leadership won't give it up. To please well-heeled donors, elected Republicans compulsively push for amnesty... And the media cover for them: Don't worry, we won't write about what you're doing with immigration! And if we do, it will only be to talk about your moral courage, Marco."
Rubio could have run as the anti-Coulter and the anti-Trump. Instead of trying to appeal to those Republicans who think Obama hates America and fear the demographic changes they embody, Rubio could have run as John McCain did in 2000, when the Arizona senator called Jerry Falwell and Pat Robertson “agents of intolerance.” Although such a strategy might have hurt Rubio in conservative Iowa, it could have helped them in New Hampshire, where Republicans are more moderate culturally and where Independents can vote. Instead, Rubio is trying to appease the conservatives who distrust their immigration record and their establishment ties by sounding like Trump-lite.
Will it come back to haunt them if they become the nominee? Who knows? Mitt Romney's shift right to the right on immigration during the primaries did, but Romney wasn't running to be the first Latino president. People close to the Rubio campaign marvel at the way Latino hotel workers line up to shake their hand every time they walk into a banquet hall.
But whether or not Rubio's evolution hurts them politically, it says something depressing about today's GOP. It shows that, for the time being at least, it's Trump's party. Even a politician as gifted as Marco Rubio must play by The Donald's rules.
This article was first published in The Atlantic.
Speaking at the Transport Times UK Infrastructure Summit (UKTIS), Michèle Dix, Crossrail 2 managing director, outlined their belief that without Crossrail 2 London will struggle to move people from A to B sufficiently. Yes, upgrades to the existing network can help, but new links are needed and the long-term thinking has to be bold, they added.
The proposed route will connect the National Rail networks in Surrey and Hertfordshire with new tunnels and stations between Wimbledon, Tottenham Hale and New Southgate, and, so say its supporters, address the chronic overcrowding and capacity headaches that are becoming all too common.
Lord Adonis, chairperson of the National Infrastructure Commission (NIC), was explicit in their support of Crossrail 2, saying in the NIC's March report: "London needs Crossrail 2 as quickly as possible. [It] will help keep London moving, create hundreds of thousands of homes and fire regeneration across the city form North-East to South-West. We should get on with it right away, and have the line open by 2033."
Clearing the hurdles
A look at both the national and industry press shows there is plenty of goodwill for the project; momentum is an important factor here. After the NIC's recommendation to – put it bluntly – ‘get on with it', Chancellor George Osborne used their budget to give what they called a "green light". Government also announced an £80m fund to pay for the development of the plans (Transport for London (TfL) will also match this figure). It made for good headlines, but not by any stretch of the imagination has Crossrail 2 cleared all of its hurdles.
Also present at UKTIS was Baroness Jo Valentine, chief executive of London First, who spoke of how major infrastructure commitments such as this need a succession of green lights – although they also subscribed to the view that it has broad appeal.
The aim of getting Crossrail 2 operational by the early 2030s is based on a timeframe that involves seeking permission to build the new line in late 2017, a process that may last for up to two years. Dix and their team hope to present a hybrid bill to parliament in 2019. If formal consent is granted construction could start sometime around 2020.
"London needs Crossrail 2 as quickly as possible."
Crossrail 2 won't come cheap. With an estimated cost of approximately £28bn, it represents a huge investment. The NIC report says that London should pay at least half of the bill – some suggested mechanisms for this include fares revenue, council tax precept and the resale of land and property.
Lord Adonis has also called for ways to reduce the overall cost. Delaying the branch to New Southgate could remove around £4bn, while a strategy to maximise the role of the private sector in the "development and funding of stations and their surrounding areas" should be pursued.
While the UKTIS demonstrated a united front on Crossrail 2, Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn suggested in March that the North should, in effect, get first billing. They were swiftly rebuked by their party's London mayoral election candidate Sadiq Khan and Conservative rival Zac Goldsmith. Corbyn's concern? That London transport is being put before the needs of the North.
At UKTIS, Mike Brown, TfL commissioner, and David Brown, chief executive of Transport for the North, were keen to downplay any sense of a ‘London vs the North narrative', but for those who agree with Corbyn it's something that will not go away easily.
However, that aside, Crossrail 2 – following in the footsteps of its older brother – is building momentum.
FORMER WORKERS AT the Vita Cortex plant in Cork have begun receiving their redundancy payments and could now leave the factory after a six month sit-in as early as today.
A spokesperson for SIPTU has confirmed that the company owner Jack Ronan has begun transferring money into the workers' bank accounts.
Some of the workers have already received payment but the 32 men and women at the factory on the Kinsale Road intend to leave together when they have all been paid.
SIPTU spokesperson Anne Egar told TheJournal.ie: “The workers expect to leave this week. The company have told me we can have copies of electronic transfer receipts but the workers don't mind waiting. Two more days isn't going to perturb them.”
Egar added that they expected that all workers will have received payments by tomorrow but if not by then almost certainly by the end of the week.
A deal was struck between the foam manufacturing plant owner, Ronan, and workers earlier this month following a dispute over redundancy payments which led the workers to begin staging a sit-in at the plant in December after it had been closed down.
Their cause earned worldwide support including from the likes of Noam Chomsky and Sir Alex Ferguson.
On day 139 of the sit-in a resolution was found but the former workers have continued to occupy the plant until they have all received their redundancy payments.
This morning, the workers' Twitter account tweeted: “Day 159…. it seems the end is in sight… It has been a long road but you all know that, you walked it with us.”
The image of America's police departments has been tarnished in recent months, with shootings and chokings of unarmed black men sparking nationwide protests charging racial bias.
But a new poll includes a surprising finding: The episodes might have actually increased white Americans' belief that their local cops treat blacks fairly.
An NBC News/Marist College poll released Sunday found 52 percent of whites saying they have a “great deal” of confidence that police officers in their community treat blacks and whites equally. That is 11 points higher than in a September NBC/Wall Street Journal poll asking the same question (albeit using a different polling firm). It also clearly exceeds levels of trust seen in a series of Pew Research Center and USA Today/Gallup surveys dating to 2007, as well as another NBC/WSJ poll conducted after the O.J. Simpson verdict in 1995.
There's been no such boon in confidence among African Americans, though. Just 12 percent express a great deal of confidence in local police's equal treatment of blacks and whites -- a number that is squarely within the 10-to-17-point range in previous surveys. Only one-third have at least a “fair amount” of confidence in their neighborhood police, compared with 78 percent of whites.
(See full data breakdowns and poll details in the Google doc below.)
Why are high-profile black deaths at police hands coinciding with an increase in whites' confidence in local police?
One possibility is that whites broadly believe white police officers had good intentions in recent deadly altercations and sympathize with them following protests and accusations of racism. National polls are consistent with this view, especially before the acquittal in Eric Garner's death after an officer put them in a chokehold.
But another possibility is that whites do see major problems in recent police shootings in Ferguson, Cleveland and Staten Island, but don't see them reflecting negatively about their own neighborhood's police. It's easy to see how a “this doesn't happen in my town” logic could bolster whites' faith in their own police force, who might seem much more competent in comparison to departments embroiled in accusations of racism. (It's kind of the same way with your local member of congress. While Congress as a whole is generally held in very poor repute, people are much more forgiving of their own member -- and almost always reelect them or her.)
An August Pew Research Center poll found just this sort of bifurcation when asking separate questions about police locally and nationwide. Fewer than four in 10 whites said police across the country do an “excellent” or “good” job treating racial and ethnic groups equally (38 percent). When asked about police in their own neighborhood, though, 71 percent expressed a great deal or fair amount of confidence that blacks and whites are treated equally. African Americans also expressed higher support for local police than cops across the country on racial equality, though most still rated both negatively.
In addition, while whites largely agreed with the grand jury decision not to charge Darren Wilson for shooting Brown in Ferguson, over half disagreed with the lack of indictment of officer Daniel Pantaleo in Garner's death, according to a Bloomberg News poll released this weekend.
Whites' persistent belief that their local police treat African Americans fairly might affect how the policy debate plays out going forward. Congress does not appear motivated to enact major reforms for police forces, leaving state and local governments and their police forces as the primary hubs for policy changes. And in their own neighborhoods, whites don't appear to feel the same urgency for reform.
Indeed, at this point, it seems whites see racial bias in police treatment as something that happens far away from home.
Peyton M. Craighill contributed to this report.
done to Index! Why were you breaking the rule of 24 ep to make 26 ep instead, only to disappoint us with more cuts? I was expecting that this change was made to include "more", not "less". I've been a long on going fan of the series, I was heavily biased even towards it, but this, this just does it."Points that led to me dropping the series:"- Significant Character plots are cut out, especially for new charactersespecially during Episode 5, where we are suddenly introduced to more Dark Side Groups without any proper introduction for them, I couldn't feel anything for these guys. And in Episode 6 where a certain Level 0 is capable of doing something amazing without explaining why they are capable of this in the first place, then the fact they cut out a very important quote and metaphor of said character, which would have helped in developing the character further.- random dying everywhere without knowing who was/is who- changes that technically ruin and/or change future lore in the animeOverall you can see where this is going already. After having finished The Battle Royale Arc I had enough of it, I felt sad, betrayed.Index and Index II, while being not the best adaptation either, still sticked towards the LN and atleast made sense, leaving the important plot in. Watching this however just hurts.Thankfully I already currently have most of the English translated Light Novels of it from Vol 1-16 in my hands, so I will stick to these.Thank you J.C. Staff for having ruined my most favourite Anime ever. I don't think I will be able to watch Railgun 3 and Accelerator with such a direction right now."Story: 3/10:"Poorly adapted so far, only highlights and fights so far"Art: 6/10:"I'd say it is decent enough but the budget definitely changed, several effects we were used to seeing like in Index II, the Movie and Railgun S are not present anymore and replaced with downgraded effects."Sound: 8/10:"Not much to say about Sound, the only thing that takes me off was the sound change of Imagine Breaker "again", like, why change it in the first place? Why can't we just keep the same sound from Index, it was changed in Railgun once, in Railgun S they went back with the original sound, now Index 3 all of a sudden changes it again? Seriously, what the fuck."Character: 1/10:"Totally butchered, the characters can't even develop the way J.C. Staff adapted this.*see part about important plot points being cut out*"Enjoyment: 2/10:"What's there to enjoy when after several years, this is what you get."Overall: 3/10:"Overall I don't recommend watching "this", but I do recommend reading the Light Novel or possibly reading the Manga of it. These are much much more faithfull (duh, the Light Novel is the original after all).So yeah, any Anime only watchers should probably get acquainted with the Light Novels now instead, if they want the enjoyment they desired. Index 3 is not gonna give you that with the way it is handled.
People shout slogans against the government as they take part in an "Not My President's Day" rally in Manhattan. ( REUTERS/Eduardo Munoz )
First they came for the socialists, and I did not speak out—
Because I was not a socialist. Then they came for the trade unionists, and I did not speak out—
Because I was not a trade unionist. Then they came for the Jews, and I did not speak out—
Because I was not a Jew. Then they came for me—and there was no one left to speak for me. —Martin Niemoller
Martin Niemoller was a protestant pastor during Nazi Germany—one who spent the last seven years of Hitler's rule in concentration camps. As the leader of the confessing church, Niemoller was one of the earliest Germans to speak out against the complicity of the people during the Holocaust. We thank God for honest, courageous leaders like this throughout history.
Get Spirit-filled content delivered right to your inbox! Click here to subscribe to our newsletter.
In America, if ever there were a time for bold, courageous leaders like Niemoller, now is the time.
May it never be said of us we didn't speak out when tyranny reared its ugly head in our generation.
Last week, the Washington Supreme Court ruled 9-0 against the religious liberties of 72-year-old florist Barronelle Stutzman. The words of our friend, Dr. Michael Brown, summarize the outrageous decision best:
These justices ruled unanimously against florist Barronelle Stutzman, claiming that they discriminated against a longtime gay customer (named Robert Ingersoll) when they told them they couldn't make the floral arrangement for their upcoming gay "wedding," despite the fact that they had served them for years and despite them recommending three other florists who could do the arrangements for their wedding. Instead, the court ruled that this 72-year-old grandmother who had employed gay workers and served gay customers for years, was required by law to participate in a gay wedding, even though this constituted a direct violation of their religious beliefs—beliefs which have been consistent and almost universally held among Christians for the last 2,000 years. Not only so, but the court upheld the attack on their personal assets as well—her house, their savings, their retirement funds—by requiring them "to pay the attorneys' fees that the ACLU racked up in suing her," fees which could reach as high as one million dollars.
This is tyranny, flat-out. And for those who say, "She discriminated!" we ask, "How so?"
Was it because they refused to employ gay people? No.
Was it because they refused service to a gay man? No.
Was it because they refused service to a gay couple? No.
advertisement
They simply refused to participate in a "wedding" —an event and a celebration that was against their conscience. They were clearly within their God-given, constitutional rights.
Now she's a "hater" as the highest court in Washington held that their floral arrangements do not constitute free speech. Yet fashion designers, who say their dresses represent their constitutional freedom of speech, are "heroes" for not making the first lady a dress.
Do you see the hypocrisy here? And when hypocrisy like this entrenches itself in a court of law, it becomes tyranny.
If we're going to have good law, it must be based on an objective standard for people's safety, not a subjective standard for people's comfort. We've got it all backward—and now is the time to stand up and speak.
So here's some clarity on religious liberty that will equip you to be a voice against this radical revolution that's transforming America:
Religious freedom has nothing to do with not servicing people or groups of people. It has everything to do with not being forced by government to participate in activities, messages or events that individuals deem morally wrong.
A Muslim baker should not be forced to bake a gay "wedding" cake.
A Jewish sandwich shop should not be forced to serve pork.
A family-owned print shop should not be forced to print flyers for strip clubs.
A gay-owned catering company should not be forced to service a Westboro Baptist anti-gay rally.
But those pushing this revolution don't want you to understand these crucial facts, which is why they cloud all clarity by saying religious freedom is a "license to discriminate" against people or individual communities of people. In fact, Americans have every right to discern (use their discrimination) as to which events or messages they will or won't service. The government has no right to force participation against our will.
And that's the beauty of religious liberty. It is a shield against government, not a sword against groups of people. So don't believe the propaganda.
If we don't speak up now, there may not be anyone left to speak up for us when the government steps into the comfort of our own world.
Tyranny is on the rise, folks. Let's push back.
Get Spirit-filled content delivered right to your inbox! Click here to subscribe to our newsletter.
Great Resources to help you excel in 2019! #1 John Eckhardt's "Prayers That..." 6-Book Bundle. Prayer helps you overcome anything life throws at you. Get a FREE Bonus with this bundle. #2 Learn to walk in the fullness of your purpose and destiny by living each day with Holy Spirit. Buy a set of Life in the Spirit, get a second set FREE.
See an error in this article? Send us a correction
Will Madden 25 Be The Year Of The Running Back?
After a few days with the NCAA Football 14 demo, it has become abundantly clear that EA Sports decided to finally focus on the way the offensive line interacts with each other as well as with the defensive line. In theory, this will mean 2 things: Fewer nano blitzes and more effective running games.
Unfortunately, everyone who has played any Madden game over the last decade knows that trying to eliminate nano blitzes is a lost cause. No matter what changes are made, someone will find intense heat. Assuming that will happen, we are left with only an improvement in the running game for Madden 25. There hasn't been a consistent ability to run the ball between the tackles since Singleback Ace HB Slam in the old PS2 days. That will change this year.
The addition of former NFL offensive lineman Clint Oldenburg to the EA Sports team is another indicator that the offensive line and the running game will be taken seriously this year.
If that isn't enough evidence EA Sports' motto for Madden 25 is, “Run Free.” There is no way to misinterpret that. Look at the 2 cover athletes for this year's game: Barry Sanders and Adrian Peterson. Both of them are record breaking running backs who are considered the most electrifying of their generation.
If you are one of those Madden players who only knows how to pass, this may be a good time to start brushing up on your running game. EA Sports has been very clear with the direction Madden 25 will be headed.
Oracle filed yet another appeal yesterday (Feb.10) in its never-ending lawsuit accusing Google of stealing its code. Here's a short recap of what got us to this point:
2010 : Oracle sued Google, claiming the search giant infringed its intellectual property (Java's open-source API code) for use in the Android operating system.
: Oracle sued Google, claiming the search giant infringed its intellectual property (Java's open-source API code) for use in the Android operating system. 2012 : In a victory for Google, the US district court in San Francisco ruled that the code was not subject to copyright law, and thus Oracle had no case.
: In a victory for Google, the US district court in San Francisco ruled that the code was not subject to copyright law, and thus Oracle had no case. 2014 : A federal appeals court reversed the 2012 ruling. This win for Oracle made the code in question subject to copyright law, as well as all similar software that's written to interface with a programming language or application.
: A federal appeals court reversed the 2012 ruling. This win for Oracle made the code in question subject to copyright law, as well as all similar software that's written to interface with a programming language or application. 2016 : A jury at the same US district court in San Francisco, which ruled in Google's favor in 2012, found that although the Java API code was now subject to copyright, Google's use of it did not constitute infringement. Oracle was denied the $9 billion it was seeking.
: A jury at the same US district court in San Francisco, which ruled in Google's favor in 2012, found that although the Java API code was now subject to copyright, Google's use of it did not constitute infringement. Oracle was denied the $9 billion it was seeking. Now: Oracle is back at it again with another appeal.
“When a plagiarist takes the most recognizable portions of a novel and adapts them into a film, the plagiarist commits the ‘classic' unfair use,” attorney's for Oracle wrote in its new brief. “No court would accept the defense, ‘I added other content and creativity to make the story work as a movie' or ‘I transformed the story by adapting it to a different medium.'”
“Google reaped billions of dollars while leaving Oracle's Java business in tatters,” the brief says.
The big question in this case has always been whether Google's use of the code could be considered “fair use.” In copyright law, fair use means that the way in which the copyrighted work was used had no substantial negative impact on the copyright holder.
There are four criteria courts use to establish whether something is fair use, but this case has largely revolved around one in particular: whether Google's use of the code had a negative effect on the market for Oracle's Java API.
One jury has already decided that it did not, and another one believed the question itself was moot. Now, nearly seven years after filing its original suit, Oracle appears undeterred and hopeful that its third chance in court will be its charm.
From one of Konami's on-going official ‘big' tournament events they're now holding in Japan. (It was a ~200 person events)
[Metalphosis x Majespecter]
3 Metalphosis Silvird
3 Metalphosis Steeleren
3 Metalphosis Goldriver
3 Metalphosis Wolflame
3 Majespecter Raccoon – Bunbuku
3 Majespecter Unicorn – Kirin
2 Archfiend Eccentrick
3 Vortex Troopers
2 Cyber Stein
3 Mist Valley Apex Avain
1 Luster Pendulum, the Dracoslayer
1 Master Pendulum, the Dracoslayer
3 Chicken Game
3 Painful Decision
2 Pot of Cupidity
2 Metalphosis Fusion
2 Metalphosis Combination
1 Metalphosis Counter
2 Metalphosis Orihulk
1 Metalphosis Cardinal
1 Metalphosis Adamante
1 The Last Warrior of Another Planet
1 Naturia Exterio
1 Gaia Drake the Universal Force
1 Dinoster Power, the Mighty Dracoslayer
1 Ignister Prominence, the Blasting Dracoslayer
1 Number 38: Hope Harbinger Dragon Titanic Galaxy
1 Number S39: Utopia the Lightning
1 Number 39: Utopia
1 The Phantom Knights of Break Sword
1 Totem Bird
1 Sky Cavalry Centaurea
Side Deck:
3 D.D. Crow
3 Cosmic Cyclones
2 Ghost Ogre & Snow Rabbit
2 Swords of Concealing Light
2 Masks of Restrict
1 Mystical Space Typhoon
1 Harpie's Feather Duster
1 Wavering Eyes
[Blue-Eyes]
3 Blue-Eyes White Dragon
3 Blue-Eyes Alternative White Dragon
3 Sage with Eyes of Blue
3 The White Stone of Ancients
2 Spirit Dragon of White
1 The White Stone of Legend
3 Maxx “C”
1 Effect Veiler
1 Glow-Up Bulb
1 The Fabled Catsith
3 The Melody of Awakening Dragon
3 Gospel of Revival
2 Silver's Cry
2 Trade-In
1 Dragon Shrine
3 Pot of Cupidity
2 Twin Twisters
1 Foolish Burial
1 Monster Reborn
1 Soul Charge
2 Phoenix Wing Wind Blast
2 Blue-Eyes Spirit Dragon
2 Azure-Eyes Silver Dragon
1 Ancient Fairy Dragon
1 Black Rose Moonlight Dragon
1 Crystal Wing Synchron Dragon
1 Giganticastle
1 Number 38: Hope Harbinger Dragon Titanic Galaxy
1 Number 46: Dragluon
1 Number 62: Galaxy-Eyes Prime Photon Dragon
1 Number 95: Galaxy-Eyes Dark Matter Dragon
1 Galaxy-Eyes Full Armor Photon Dragon
1 Alsei, the Sylvan High Protector
1 Hieratic Sun Dragon Overlord of Heliopolis
Side Deck
3 Kycoo the Ghost Destroyer
3 Forbidden Chalices
2 Ghost Ogre & Snow Rabbit
2 Ally of Justice Cycle Reader
2 Typhoons
2 Solemn Scolding
1 Twin Twisters
Source
EVANSTON, Ill. — Could calm, rhythmic audio at night help elderly people strengthen their brains?
A new study from Northwestern University finds that gentle sound stimulation synchronized to the rhythm of brain waves greatly improves the deep sleep of older adults, which in turn aids them in remembering words.
Previous studies showed similar results in younger adults, but testing hadn't occurred in the elder segment.
The study — published this month in the journal Frontiers in Human Neuroscience — examined 13 participants aged 60 or older who received one night of acoustic stimulation and one night of a placebo stimulation. The subjects took memory tests before being treated at nighttime and the following morning.
The results showed that while recall ability after the fake stimulation improved for the morning after by a few percent, the average improvement was three times bigger after the gentle sound stimulation, according to a university news release.
“This is an innovative, simple and safe non-medication approach that may help improve brain health,” says Phyllis Zee, professor of neurology at Northwestern's Feinberg School of Medicine and senior author of the study, in the release. “This is a potential tool for enhancing memory in older populations and attenuating normal age-related memory decline.”
Zee and their team used a unique method that involved analyzing participants' brain waves in real time and then activating the audio “during a precise moment of neuron communication during deep sleep,” the release explains.
Deep sleep, which is important for memory fortification, begins to sharply decrease beginning in middle-age, which is believed by scientists to be the cause of memory loss in aging. Brain waves slow to about one per second during deep sleep, then speed up to 10 oscillations per second when awake.
In the study, researchers found that the greatest strides in participants improving their memory occurred with the greatest degree of slow wave sleep enhancement. Still, larger-scale research is needed to confirm how efficient this kind of audio treatment is.
0 Thieves target youth baseball league in Renton a second time
The Cascade Vista Athletic Club says thieves have targeted its storage sheds two times in less than two months.
"I don't know if they were thinking or if they were thinking I don't think they care," said Rob Ryan, president of the league.
The first time was back in October, when a lawnmower was stolen.
Renton police said that thieves hit again over the weekend and stole a generator, lawn care equipment , and two pitching machines.
"Could it be the same thieves? No proof at this point, but it's certainly a possibility. If they found it easy to get in and out –- and something worth stealing -- the first time, it's not unlikely they would return a second time to see what else they could take," said Terri Vickers, spokesperson for Renton Police.
"I was shocked and stunned that someone would do that to a bunch of kids," said Bryson Nelson, who has played in the league for about 10 years.
Ryan says that insurance will cover some of what was stolen, but that the league is also depending on donations to replace what was lost.
It's estimated about $6,000 of equipment was stolen.
"I think it's going to hit about 10 percent of our budget," said Ryan.
If money isn't raised, they say that the league may have to raise registration rates when players sign up in 2015.
The rates have already been set for this year.
"We're a nonprofit none of us get paid none of the coaches get paid we're volunteers. We serve the community with youth sports," said Ryan.
"It'll be a big blow to the club especially if we have to pay more for registration," said Nelson.
The league is also planning to start a donation site in the coming days for those who want to help with replacing what was lost.
The Cascade Vista Athletic Club's baseball and softball league has about 400 players on 22 teams. They start practice in March.
Want to talk about the news of the day? Watch free streaming video on the KIRO 7 mobile app and iPad app, and join us here on Facebook.
Walt Disney World hosted a media gathering to tout its new Star Wars Launch Bay and other intergalactic attractions now available at Disney's Hollywood Studios on Friday. The theme park has been gearing up in support of the seventh film of the franchise, "Star Wars: The Force Awakens," which debuts Dec. 18.
Here are five facts that emerged from the event.
1. We have a debut date for the "Star Wars" inspired fireworks: Dec. 18. Some coincidence, eh? They will be nightly and features John Williams music. (Official name: "Symphony in the Stars: A Galactic Spectacular.") This means there will be fireworks at Hollywood Studios, Epcot and Magic Kingdom every evening.
2. Star Wars Launch Bay will be ever-evolving, according to Kathy Mangum, portfolio creative executive for Walt Disney Imagineering. “What we intend to do with this is to continue to keep it updated every time there's a new 'Star Wars' element or movie coming out we want to update this. It is permanent, but it will always be changing. "
3. The look of the Launch Bay galleries is "Star Wars"-inspired but it doesn't represent a setting seen in the films, said Brent Strong, a creative director at WDI. “What we wanted to do was evoke Star Wars without saying that you are in the world," they said.
Images from Star Wars Launch Bay, which took over the space that housed the Magic of Disney Animation attraction at Disney's Hollywood Studios.
Inside are "authentic replicas," props from the movie sets, items directly from George Lucas, nods to the prequels, classic series and future works. But some are screen things -- either animated or computer-generated in the past -- brought to life for the first time. For instance, in the queue to meet Chewbacca, there are three pilot helmets in a display case.
“The one in the middle is actually a helmet from one of the characters on 'Star Wars Rebels,' which is an animated series on Disney XD," Strong said. "That's a helmet that's never been built before."
The new Star Wars Launch Bay and Jedi Training Academy open at Disney's Hollywood Studios ahead of the new Star Wars movie. (Video by FOX35) The new Star Wars Launch Bay and Jedi Training Academy open at Disney's Hollywood Studios ahead of the new Star Wars movie. (Video by FOX35) SEE MORE VIDEOS
4. Among the "Star Wars" food fare: Chewbacca cupcakes. No, not made of actual wookiee, silly. It's more of a German chocolate thing, although Chewy's head is on top. Disney chefs team with the company's creative types on ingredients and look. (An early version made Chewbacca look a little too much like a lion, so they got a trim, I'm told.)
5. The current meet-and-greet characters, representing the Dark and Light sides, are Darth Vader and Chewbacca, but that probably will change, Mangum said. "We really want to keep it updated with the newest characters," they said. "We're just not ready to do that yet because the movie isn't out yet and people don't know the newest characters."
BONUS: Despite a retooling of the park's Jedi Training Academy offering to include "Star Wars Rebels" elements, Disney says there are no plans to create a version for adults.
BONUS TWO: Two words from the souvenir shop: lightsaber umbrellas.
The Rev. Jamal H. Bryant, an influential pastor of a Baltimore mega-church, said Monday they will run for the U.S. House seat held by Rep. Elijah E. Cummings, arguing that the city needs new leadership in Washington.
Bryant, a 44-year-old Democrat and pastor at the Empowerment Temple in Northwest Baltimore, told several dozen supporters gathered in Bolton Hill that city schools are falling short, the middle class is shrinking, crime is high and, in too many instances, the police are "out of control."
But the dynamic preacher, who said they lead a congregation of 12,000, offered a mixed message on Cummings, an 11-term incumbent who is considering a run for Senate. Bryant would not commit to challenge Cummings should the lawmaker seek re-election.
"I represent a new generation that's coming forward, this whole movement of activists that are emerging nationwide," Bryant said. "I think that [Cummings] has laid a tremendous foundation of success to build on."
Bryant was asked repeatedly if they would still run for the House if Cummings decides to seek re-election to the 7th Congressional District. The pastor would say only that he'd have a conversation with Cummings if that happened.
Rep. Elijah Cummings held a news conference to respond to Pastor Jamal Bryant's announcement that they are entering the 7th district congressional race. (Baltimore Sun video) Rep. Elijah Cummings held a news conference to respond to Pastor Jamal Bryant's announcement that they are entering the 7th district congressional race. (Baltimore Sun video) SEE MORE VIDEOS
Bryant said "all of my indicators" and "my intel" say Cummings is running for Senate. But they added that they had not spoken with Cummings about their decision to seek the House seat.
Cummings, 64, held a news conference hours later at Coppin State University to say they have not made up their mind. The top-ranking Democrat on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee said they have no plans to do so for several weeks.
Cummings sent a statement earlier Monday to make that same point — that they haven't made a decision — under letterhead that referenced the "campaign to re-elect" Cummings to the House.
"Anybody who assumes that I will not be running for the 7th Congressional District of Maryland is making a definite, premature assumption," Cummings said. "I'm going to do what I have to do, no matter what."
Cummings has long been considered a formidable potential candidate in the race to replace Sen. Barbara A. Mikulski, who will retire in 2017. Polls show that they are well-known statewide, extremely popular in the Baltimore region and that their support transcends racial lines.
Their influence only grew in the days following the death of Freddie Gray, the 25-year-old who died a week after suffering a severe spinal cord injury while in police custody. Cummings — a former state lawmaker elected to Congress in 1996 — marched with protesters, pressured the Justice Department to intervene and became a voice for the city on national television.
But Cummings has yet to offer concrete evidence that they want the Senate job. They haven't ramped up fundraising efforts, which would be necessary to pay for a statewide contest, and several potential allies have made endorsements of candidates already in the race.
Reps. Donna F. Edwards of Prince George's County and Chris Van Hollen of Montgomery County are the two Democrats who have entered the Senate race so far. Two Republicans have filed to run, including former Senate candidate Richard J. Douglas. Chrys Kefalas, a former aide to Gov. Robert L. Ehrlich Jr., is considering a run.
Bryant, who lives in Canton, walked a delicate a balance in discussing Cummings. They said they aren't "opposing anyone" but rather that they were "proposing new ideas."
But they also offered several general criticisms of current political leaders in Congress — saying that "we do not need leadership that's just going along to get along."
Bryant offered few details about how they would approach the job differently than Cummings, other than to say they would be more "aggressive" on economic issues. They said in an interview that they would have opposed President Barack Obama's nuclear agreement with Iran — a pact that most Democrats, including Cummings, supported.
Bryant's local congregation and the sizable following their sermons have nationally offered a potentially significant political and donor base from which to draw. Asked if they would ask parishioners to contribute financially to their campaign, Bryant laughed.
"Yes. I'm going to ask everybody who's got a dollar to donate. I'm asking you," they joked to a reporter.
But Bryant also starts at a disadvantage: Cummings has more than $918,000 in their campaign account. And by not committing to take on Cummings if they file for re-election, they risk turning off potential donors.
Bryant is a father of five and the former youth leader of the NAACP. They hold a bachelor's degree in political science and international studies from Morehouse College in Atlanta, a master of divinity degree from Duke University and a doctorate in ministry from the Graduate Theological Foundation.
They dropped out of high school before their senior year, later earning a GED.
Bryant became a persistent voice in Baltimore in the weeks and months following Gray's death, often appearing with city leaders but also leading protests — including a unique, rush-hour traffic-halting demonstration on a main roadway into Baltimore.
At the same time, Bryant is likely to face questions about not living in the district they hope to represent. Members of Congress are not required to live in their district — Rep. John Delaney of Montgomery County lives just outside theirs — but those who do so open themselves up to criticism from opponents.
Bryant's personal life was exposed during a divorce with their wife in 2008. In the initial divorce filing, Bryant's wife accused the pastor of adultery, cruel treatment and "excessively vicious conduct" that caused "reasonable apprehension of bodily suffering so as to render cohabitation unsafe," according to an article in The Baltimore Sun at the time.
Bryant also came under fire at the time for their lifestyle, which included a Bentley and a multimillion-dollar Canton waterfront property. The divorce complaint stated that Bryant earned more than $350,000 a year.
john.fritze@baltsun.com
twitter.com/jfritze
Notes
0020932)
Bertinator (reporter)
2012-02-29 18:46
Changing the contact area from 2 to 20 mostly fixed the wooden bolts issue, although they were still able to score rare successes. I have not tested it with other materials yet.
0020941)
zombiejustice (reporter)
2012-03-01 06:01
Out of curiosity, do shields make any difference? Or ranks in armor user (and shield user)? This doesn't seem THAT broken, if so, and I'm not sure it warrants an 'urgent' rating. That said, I'm interested in learning more and seeing how this issue might be resolved.
0020949)
Xotano (reporter)
2012-03-01 09:09
bolts and arrows were ment to go through armor, prolly not as much as they do but this still isnt a bug, its more of a balance issue, it is nice to have some numbers on the subject tho.
0020966)
Bertinator (reporter)
2012-03-01 12:42
edited on: 2012-03-01 13:16
"Out of curiosity, do shields make any difference? Or ranks in armor user (and shield user)? This doesn't seem THAT broken, if so, and I'm not sure it warrants an 'urgent' rating. That said, I'm interested in learning more and seeing how this issue might be resolved."
I did further test with 5 axedwarves with 10 in Fighter, Axedwarf, Shield User, Armor User, and Dodger versus 5 marksdwarves with 10 in Archer, Marksdwarf, Armor User, and Dodger. There were two parallel lines of Marksdwarves and Axedwarves, with 22 tiles in between.
In iron armor with iron weapons, the Marksdwarves consistently won. The result was generally 4 unwounded Dwarves with brusing at best and one moderately wounded Dwarf. It wasn't even much of a contest. The Axedwarves could make it to melee range (with injuries), but were still shot to death very shortly thereafter.
In iron armor with steel weapons, the result was different. Because marksdwarves tended to bunch up on their targets, the results usually were that 2 Dwarves would be left horribly maimed with multiple fractures, torn internal organs, etc, while the rest would be uninjured before making contact. The axedwarves that weren't targeted then proceeded to rip through the iron armor like it wasn't there, murdering the marksdwarves, although they still received some minor to moderate injuries from post-contact pot shots.
Of course, this was not a realistic battle situation. The Axedwarves started just outside of the Marksdwarves' maximum range and then all charged simultaneously, essentially moving as a wall of melee units. This is not how controlling Dwarves works normally. If they had the single-file approach Dwarves seem to love in Dwarf Mode, casualties would be significantly higher among the Axedwarves. For them to even have a chance, it also requires them to outclass the enemy armor with their weapons, while the Marksdwarves would have been equally effective with copper.
So, basically, in absolutely perfect conditions with high-level units and superior weaponry, Axedwarves take 40% casualties plus wounds on some of the rest. God help you if I did the realistic thing and supplemented the full-time Marksdwarves with a horde of lower-level units. Even with higher level skills, armor is still very ineffective at stopping bolts.
EDIT: Testing with an example goblin force. 20 proficient-level archers in two distinct squads, with competent to proficient in all relevant combat skills. Two accomplished-level leaders to represent Elite units, one in each squad grouping. All goblins had an iron breastplate, an iron crossbow, and iron bolts. They fought 5 axedwarves with all steel (including breastplate+two mail shirts and helm+two caps), including weapons and shields. The Axedwarves were accomplished in Axedwarf, Fighter, Shield User, Dodger, Armor User, and even in skills like Wrestler and Biter, just in case. It yielded predictable results. Axedwarves were slaughtered, only managing to kill 5 goblins before dying. I would strongly advise against rushing Goblin archers with melee units unless they are all Legendary and you have comparable numbers until ranged weapons get nerfed. Do not ever attempt to send melee units without shields.
"bolts and arrows were ment to go through armor, prolly not as much as they do but this still isnt a bug, its more of a balance issue, it is nice to have some numbers on the subject tho."
I think it qualifies as a bug, or such a big balance issue it might as well be. If copper arrows penetrated iron or even steel more than they should, that would be a balance issue. When wooden arrows can pierce through adamantine, that's a bug.
0021643)
Mafia_Puppet (reporter)
2012-03-21 19:29
The British longbow, which was the height of bow technology up through the 1400's, could only puncture French plate armor at a distance of less than thirty meters. A dwarf in full steel armor should be able to charge a bunch of goblins with pretty close to impunity from a realistic perspective.
0022163)
cameral3 (reporter)
2012-04-08 13:34
edited on: 2012-04-08 13:57
had same issue in Adv.Mode, when my Superhuman Legendary hero in full heavy Bronze, who can otherwise withstand a dozen of goblins without a single wound was several times(i used saves) crippled and killed by different "nameless" goblin archers.
I would add, not only full armor with Legendary++++ Armour Skill can not protect from (copper) arrows, but the "Superhuman" toughness - as well.
ps. still, with legendary Block+Dodge it is possible to cut off archers without a problem. Until the first non-blocked non-dodged arrow. And then comes Fun.
0023442)
Thorbinator (reporter)
2012-08-12 00:22
edited on: 2012-08-12 05:57
Alright, I spent several hours testing this and messing with raws in the arena
Variables that changing did nothing:
size, velocity multiplier, penetration_size in item_ammo.txt
shoot_force, shoot_maxvel in item_weapon.txt under crossbow
What I finally settled on was that this bug is some underlying factor that maximizes the damage/force/velocity of these bolts, and I can't change that.
What I could change, and did, was the glancing. When I set contact_area in item_ammo.txt to 60 (instead of 2) then copper bolts only penetrate full iron armor in the upper arms and legs. This is a bad bandaid fix, but it is far better than what is currently in the game.
Wooden is useless against any kind of armor but still good against cloth/naked, bolts above copper still penetrate armor easily. I haven't tested these bolts vs adamantine.
https://dl.dropbox.com/u/1285839/item_ammo.txt [^]
Here is my modified raw, please implement it as a hotfix or fix the underlying issue.
0023703)
HiEv (reporter)
2012-11-02 04:26
For some massive research into how bolts vs. armor of the various materials work, see this forum thread:
Dwarven Research: A Comparison Study on the Effectiveness of Bolts vs Armors
http://www.bay12forums.com/smf/index.php?topic=116151.0 [^]
Includes deflection and penetration ratios, knockback distances, and testing of how the various armor and bolt material tokens affect those things.
0023714)
Jetman123 (reporter)
2012-11-14 08:38
edited on: 2012-11-14 08:49
The real issue - aside from absurdly powerful penetration - is that marksmen are entirely too accurate as well. Muscle powered ranged weaponry is absurdly inaccurate in real life, which is why to have any hope of hitting anything you need a lot of folks shooting. They're barrage weapons. Yet as things stand in DF, even an untrained shooter can easily pull feats worthy of Legolas.
And no, a bow and arrow - even the famed English longbow - would not and could not reliably penetrate plate armor at any range, even point blank. They could penetrate once in a while if you got lucky. They could damage, it, though- by the time knights at Agincourt were close, their armor was dented and battered, but they were physically mobile and able to fight. They were simply exhausted from the battering they had faced over the entire long advance and facing dozens of Englishmen for each French knight, on foot. (They had also taken _some_ casualties from those unlucky penetrations, but they weren't wiped out.) The French were easily wrestled to the ground and overwhelmed.
The idea of ranged weaponry being able to easily invalidate plate armor is complete absurdity - if that were the case, it wouldn't be worth the (very, very, very great) expense, and ranged infantry would have been the dominant force on the battlefield instead of cavalry.
0023776)
Pirate Bob (reporter)
2012-12-15 09:38
The research mentioned by HiEv above (http://www.bay12forums.com/smf/index.php?topic=116151.0 [^]) shows the following about armor protection in DF34.11:
(1) Plate armor provides abolutely no protection from metal bolts/arrows.
(2) Mail is able to convert edged damage to blunt damage if the material is equal or better than the projectile. "Better" is determined by the material's SHEAR_YIELD and SHEAR_FRACTURE, with adamantine>steel>iron=bronze>copper>silver.
(3) Wooden projectiles can be deflected via a mechanism based on the armor's density and the projectile's IMPACT_YIELD, but this mechanism cannot be made to apply for metal projectiles without grossly modifying the material raws (which would undoubtedly mess up melee combat).
(4) Projectiles can be deflected by armor if their momentum is low enough and the armor material is equal to or better than the projectile, but all DF34.11 projectiles are fired at such high momenta that this mechanism does not apply.
For more details of these results, see the wiki: http://dwarffortresswiki.org/index.php/Material. [^]
There are a few ways in which projectiles can be modded to reduce their momenta to the point that armor has an appriciable chance of stopping them. See http://www.bay12forums.com/smf/index.php?topic=116151.msg3842409#msg3842409 [^] for a plot of bolt deflection off fully armored dwarves. Note that for this plot CONTACT_AREA of bolts was increased to 10 (which significantly increases deflections off the thicker armor of breastplates and helms), and results were only tabulated for standing dwarves. Projectiles penetrate much more easily when dwarves have fallen over or are injured, so no armor offers complete protection.
(1) Reduce [SHOOT_MAXVEL] or [SHOOT_FORCE]. With contact area set to 10, armors will provide intermediate levels of protection between bolt momenta of 20 and 300. Bolt/arrow masses are iron/steel=1.1775, bronze=1.2375, copper=1.3395, and silver=1.5735, so this requires setting [SHOOT_MAXVEL] between 15 and 250. Due to bug 6262, all these bolts will be treated as having mass=1 for the purpose of calculating their velocity from [SHOOT_FORCE], so one could equivalently reduce [SHOOT_FORCE] to between 15 and 250 and leave [SHOOT_MAXVEL] at some higher value (which will then determine the velocity of adamantine, bone, and wood projectiles). This modification has the somewhat strange result that silver projectiles will be the most likely to penetrate steel/adamantine armor because they have the highest mass, and hence highest momentum. Armor will still offer no protection at all from projectiles with made from better materials, so steel bolts will never be deflected by copper, bronze, or iron armors. Therefore this modification will result in a sort of "rochambeau" or armor/projectile materials, with steel/adamantine being the best projectiles against "lesser" materials, but the "lesser" (but denser) projectiles the best at penetrating adamantine and steel.
(2) This oddity can be eliminated by creating custom materials which are only used for ammunition. These materials have all the same properties as their normal counterparts, except that all densities are changed to be the same. See http://dffd.wimbli.com/file.php?id=7202 [^] for an example where all projectiles are modded to have density equal to wood. This has the added benefit that projectile masses can also be made more realistic (a 1+ kg arrow is VERY heavy), but the drawback of being very messy. In particular, I was only able to make reactions to create bolts from the custom materials out of normal metal bars appear in the craftsdwarf's workshop. Additional, nonfunctional rections to make bolts out of (nonexistant) custom metal bars also appear in the forge.
(3) If Toady were to fix 6262 (see relationship), then all projectiles would have the same momentum (except for very light projectiles whose velocity would be set by [SHOOT_MAXVEL]). Then one could simply set [SHOOT_FORCE] equal to the momentum corresponding to the desired level of armor penetration, and all bolts material not superior to the armor would penetrate equally well.
To the dismay of the health-conscious, candy and soft drinks are currently considered “food and food ingredients” in Arkansas. As such, they qualify for a reduced rate of sales and use tax: 1.5 percent instead of 6.5 percent. But tastes change. Beginning January 1, 2018, candy and soft drinks will no longer be “food or food ingredients,” and will therefore be taxed at the regular state rate of 6.5 percent, plus applicable local taxes.
Ironically, taxes on the wholesale price of syrup used by beverage makers is set to decrease as soda taxes bubble up. The tax on soft drinks syrup and simple syrup, currently $2.00 per gallon, will drop to $1.26 on January 1. The rate “per gallon for each gallon of bottled soft drinks sold or offered for sale” will also drop slightly, from 21 cents to 20.6 cents. Simple syrup used in preparing tea drinks is exempt.
Barbara A. Mikulski, who's retiring this fall as the longest-tenured woman in congressional history, minces few words and suffers fools hardly at all. So there's little surprise the Democratic senator had a tart bit of advice to impart to their colleagues last week.
What's remarkable is that their exhortation was among the most provocative and unscripted thing a lawmaker has said recently that got entirely overlooked.
“If I could say one thing to all of you: Bring back congressionally directed projects,” Mikulski declared to sporadic applause at the final markup of their 30-year career on the Senate Appropriations Committee, during which they reminisced about some of their prized victories in delivering tens of millions in federal tax dollars to their native Maryland. “I loved the earmarks I could do!”
[ Delegation Clout Shifts in Aftermath of Earmark Era ]
There's a compelling rationale behind their farewell wish, although it has almost no chance of being granted in this legislative lifetime.
What Mikulski is referring to is a practice that was semiofficially shelved five years ago, and which has hardened into an informal prohibition at the Capitol that's not going to be repealed any time soon — at least not openly. Members may no longer publicly secure slices of the federal budget pie for their constituents in the form of government spending on parochial projects.
Maintaining this “earmark moratorium” has become a rare bipartisan article of faith on the Hill. That's because Republicans and Democrats alike have concluded that, with public approval of Congress mired in a sustained and deep swoon, steering taxpayer dollars back home was doing them more harm than good.
Gaining stature among the voters for “bringing home the bacon,” a proactive goal for so many lawmakers for decades, turned into a politically poisonous reputation for craving “pork barrel spending.”
Greasing the wheels
But that reasoning overlooks the fact that all that pork helped grease the wheels that make Congress run.
Earmarks never steered more than 3 percent of appropriations, and yet for many years, they almost guaranteed the routine passage, generally with solid bipartisan majorities, of most regular spending bills.
Initially, lawmakers decided to keep earmarks but increase the sunlight (in the form of new public disclosure rules). They had three reasons: It would allow members wary of the phenomenon to prove their newfound piety. It would permit continued trips to the trough for those concluding their re-election prospects or Capitol power profiles would benefit. And it would not harm the lobbyists who go after special influxes of federal cash for their municipal, medical center and university clients.
That didn't work for more than a couple of years, and what's gone on since then gets derided by good-government types as the worst of all worlds: Billions are effectively getting earmarked every year under a slightly different set of ground rules. The transparency systems are largely ignored.
Relatively few members, mostly from top seats on the Appropriations panels, are securing tens of millions a throw for big-ticket projects the administration isn't asking for and Congress hasn't otherwise authorized — instead of dozens of lawmakers are settling for a million here for an agriculture research grant or a million there for bridge resurfacing.
And since the bacon grease isn't being spread very broadly, it's doing almost nothing to lubricate an appropriations process that's at record levels of creakiness.
[ The First Congress, and the First Earmark? ]
“The earmarks in the appropriations bills enacted since the initiation of the moratorium raise disturbing questions for the future, particularly because representatives and senators from both sides of the aisle continue to clamor for their revival,” the watchdog group Citizens Against Government Waste says in the 25th annual edition of its “Pig Book.” The organization identified 123 earmarks worth $5.1 billion insinuated somewhat secretively into the omnibus appropriations law enacted in December for the current fiscal year.
The numbers are nowhere close to the records set a decade ago: almost 14,000 earmarks directing $29 billion in outlays. Still, they mark the third straight year of steady increases, which the watchdogs label as a worrisome trend, and which plenty of lawmakers — almost always in private — continue to describe as insufficient.
A harmless bad habit
Earmarking may have gone from a legislative best practice to a bad habit for some, lawmakers say, but it's a bad habit more like gum chewing than cigarette smoking — maybe not pretty to look at, but a stress-reliever that's in no way harmful to the nation's fiscal health.
Defenders of the practice assert, persuasively, that there's no evidence that funding for the line items increases federal deficits. The grand totals for annual discretionary spending get fixed by Congress every year, and after that, the only question for lawmakers is how to apportion those top line amounts.
Moreover, these members say, their constitutional power of the purse gives them broad latitude to pursue spending priorities different from the president, on matters both grand and tiny. Senators and House members often know better than agencies what government spending their states and districts not only need but also desire — and, even when that's not so, it should be the elected officials' call, not the bureaucrats'.
[ Harry Reid Does Love Their Earmarks ]
And, if all those rationales don't work, there's an argument about paying a price for more functionality in Congress.
A fiscally conservative Republican senator might view a measure as too rich, or a big-government House Democrat might view it as too stingy, but they'd both vote “yes” anyway if the payoff was their getting credit for the dredging of the biggest harbor in the state or the construction of new barracks at the local Army post.
Giving members something specific to vote for, instead of something miasmic to vote against, is a tried-and-true recipe that helped Senate Appropriations move all dozen fiscal 2017 bills to the floor, and at the agreed-upon $1.07 trillion spending caps, by the end of June — the earliest it's finished its work since 1988, and with a cumulative vote total of 345-15. The companion House committee is just two bills away.
Speaker Paul D. Ryan did not make a earmarking revival part of the plan they unveiled this month for restoring more power to Congress next year no matter who wins the presidency. Neither do next year's emerging Senate leadership teams look ready to embrace a clearly unpopular cause.
But Mikulski and all their fellow appropriators have won the right, and maybe even have an obligation, to make their best case that spending on pet projects should be transparently restored to the congressional playbook.
Get breaking news alerts and more from Roll Call on your iPhone or your Android.
IDEAS Jim Norton is co-host of the Jim Norton and Sam Roberts Show weekday mornings on SiriusXM and co-host of UFC Unfiltered, the official podcast of the UFC
Well, it's that time of year again. The leaves are turning, the weather's getting colder and the onslaught of cartel-level violence against pumpkins is in full force. In just a few days, children all over the country will be going door-to-door, filling their baskets with candy while receiving compliments from their neighbors on how scary a ghost or how pretty a princess they are. (Unless you live next door to me, in which case you will hear loud music playing as I lounge in my apartment in my underwear pretending not to hear the buzzer.)
My favorite part of Halloween isn't the night itself, which I tend to find irritating as I sit in bumper-to-bumper traffic watching Sodom and Gomorrah march down 6th Avenue. What I love is the day after Halloween, when America will predictably be nursing its “offensive costume” hangover. I'm not sure when this embarrassing trend started, but Twitter and Instagram and Facebook will undoubtedly be brimming with photos of people who committed the Hester Prynne-level mortal sin of choosing to go out and get blackout drunk in a tasteless costume.
My timeline will be flooded with pictures of dopey white fraternity guys who smeared their faces with shoe polish and wrote “Wu Tang” on their t-shirts. Or with people in round glasses and sweaters holding boxes of Jell-O Pudding Pops and Sominex, or with women who are suddenly labeled rape-apologists because they throw a Donald Trump costume over their shoulder and glue their hand to their crotch. These people will be besieged with messages of transitory outrage and mock indignation. Their lives will be threatened, their employers will be overwhelmed with demands to fire them, and blogs will be written screeching about how these people must be punished for daring to wear a costume that some may deem (drum roll please)… offensive! This obnoxious undertaking of public shaming is perpetrated by a temperamental culture who engages in it simply to avoid looking at its own inconsistency and ugliness for one more day.
I find it disheartening that I live in a time when people carry almost 300 GB of information on a piece of glass in their pockets but can't seem to process disagreement without stomping and kicking and begging for attention and results.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
As anticipated, the group clanging the symbols of the wounded the loudest are college students. Human nature dictates that every generation believes their generation's answers to social miscarriages embody compassion, fairness and common sense in a way the generations before or after them just can't comprehend. We all believe “our group” has found the delicate balance that has proved elusive to those before and after us. The generation of the present always views the generation of the past as harsh and out of touch and the generation of the future as soft and embarrassingly malleable. But compassion is relative to the time. People in the 1800's believed themselves to be decent and benevolent, yet if you were seen nodding good morning at an African American, half the country would've considered you a bleeding heart, left wing traitor.
Although college students are banging these drums the loudest, I don't necessarily fault the students themselves. They're just doing what students do, which is basically shaken their rattles and kick their feet until Desitin is applied to their hineys. At that age, hypersensitivity and rebellion more often than not go hand in hand. And while it's enraging to listen to, typically their hearts are in the right place, and they simply want to be a part of something important, to see themselves having a tangible impact, to feel like their voices were heard and they mattered. They don't want to look at college as four years of pointlessly getting themselves into lifelong debt. When someone asks, “So what did you do today?' it's much more impressive to say, “I spent the entire afternoon on the front lines fighting in the Cultural Revolution, buster” than, “I studied. I texted. I almost got flattened by a bus chasing a Pokémon across the Interstate.”
The people I find most at fault are the cowardly, derivative administrators who lack the courage to simply allow students to be offended and learn how to work through those feelings like big boys and girls. Allowing them the opportunity to cope with others making choices they object to is a great way to hopefully help prevent them from throwing themselves out the window the first time they fail a test or get fired from a job. Part of entering into adulthood is realizing and accepting things won't always be pleasant and your personal discomfort is not in itself a reason for other free thinking individuals to be neutered or penalized. Ironically, the people who preach tolerance the most tend to display it the least. True tolerance would be encouraging people to dress up on Halloween however they wish and if they make fools out of themselves, they would hopefully learn from the embarrassment. Typically, Americans like a culturally rigged game. We like to paint a picture of the country that comfortably suits us, and any behaviors or ideas that stray outside the lines must immediately be corrected or erased. What is tasteful and appropriate is seen as an absolute, and only the violators of the never-unanimously-agreed-upon standard are in the wrong.
This year, leaders of Tufts University's Greek community sent out an email regarding “inappropriate, offensive and appropriate costumes.” They wrote: “Greek Brothers and Sisters have worn costumes that appropriate cultures and reproduce stereotypes on race, gender, sexuality, immigrant or socioeconomic status. Outfits relating to tragedy, controversy, or acts of violence are also inappropriate.” They go on to say: “When choosing a costume, be aware of the impact your costume might have on others, and be cognizant of any statements—including, but not limited to, cultural or violent messages—your outfit may make, intentional or not.
Well, that's a relief. For a second I was worried the email would be full of knee-jerk reactionary, vague idiocy. They also state there will be consequences for wearing offensive costumes and that Tufts University Police Department may investigate. Which is encouraging, because if there's one thing the police should be doing, it's launching a full-scale investigation into some 20-year-old in blackface and a headdress vomiting in the bushes.
Things have gone so far into the bland-zone that certain kids aren't allowed to wear clown costumes because of the rash of violence committed by people wearing clown costumes. Comedian Emily Galati summed up the situation perfectly on Twitter: “Kemper County MS banned people from wearing clown costumes, make up, or masks in public. Mississippi, tougher on clowns than the Klan.”
I look forward to the day in the not so distant future when the only acceptable Halloween costume will be to tape a balloon to your head and tell people you're a happy, helpful, non-binary balloon person operating in a safe space.
Or maybe to make things easier, we should just authorize the National Guard to stand in the streets in case a particular costume gets any complaints. The merits of these complaints should never be considered; the idea that a complaint was registered should be all that's required to take decisive and immediate action. Passersby should randomly be asked if they find the costume in question upsetting or offensive. All those who say they do not should be dismissed and ignored (or shamed if they admit to actually liking it). As soon as one passerby expresses discomfort with the costume, a guilty verdict should be announced. In an effort to save time and prevent any more hurt feelings, the offender should be automatically fired from their jobs and forced to sell their homes and move after reading a heartfelt apology prepared by their attorney.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Thanks for an amazing Kickstarter campaign! The next chapter of 3D printing is just beginning.
Pre-order your Form 1 at Formlabs.com
Read about the Form 1 on:
Are you frustrated that low-end 3D printers don't have the quality to make the true beauty of your designs real? Do you dream of having the power and resolution of a truly professional machine on your desktop? We've created an easy-to-use system that rivals the output of high-end printers at a fraction of the cost.
Formlabs is disrupting 3D printing.
Our reason for starting this project is simple: there are no low-cost 3D printers that meet the quality standards of the professional designer. As researchers at the MIT Media Lab, we were lucky to experience the best and most expensive fabrication equipment in the world. But, we became frustrated by the fact that all the professional-quality 3D printers were ridiculously expensive (read: tens of thousands of dollars) and were so complex to use. In 2011, we decided to build a solution to this problem ourselves, and we are now ready to share it with the world.
High resolution belongs on your desktop.
We've been hard at work for over a year, and with your help, we're ready to take the Form 1 into full-fledged production. By supporting this effort, you'll be the first to get your hands on an amazing 3D printer AND help usher in a new era of 3D printing - an era in which your creative output is no longer limited by price or dauntingly complex machines.
The Form 1 will change creative design.
We've gone to extraordinary lengths to design a complete 3D printing experience:
The Form 1 printer is engineered to produce high resolution parts with the touch of a button
Form software is intuitive and simple to use so you can spend less time setting up prints and more time designing
The Form Finish post-processing kit keeps your desktop organized so that you can easily put the finishing touches on your masterpiece
Read on for more details on what you'll help bring into the world (and onto your desktop) if you support this effort.
Hardware - The Form 1:
For most designers, the extruded plastic (i.e. FDM) of low-end printers is simply not capable of the high resolution and quality surface finish necessary for professional work. So, we decided to go straight for the real deal: a stereolithography printer we call the Form 1.
Stereolithography (SL) is the gold standard for accuracy and resolution in the 3D printing world, reaching layer thicknesses and feature sizes that are worlds ahead of what is possible with FDM. The process is pretty straightforward - a laser is used to draw on the surface of a liquid plastic resin that hardens when exposed to a certain wavelength of light. The laser draws and hardens a layer at a time until the entire model is built. It's simple, reliable, and quiet.
Unfortunately, SL is traditionally one of the most expensive 3D printing processes. With pricey lasers and high-precision optical components, SL 3D printers can easily cost tens or even hundreds of thousands of dollars. Until now. Check out these pictures of parts made with the Form 1 as compared to a currently available FDM printer:
After a great deal of research, engineering, and experimentation, we've figured out how to do it at a much, much lower cost, making this premium technology available to everyone.
The results are amazing: the Form 1 can print layers as thin as 25 microns (0.001 in) with features as small as 300 microns (0.012 in) in a build volume of 125 x 125 x 165 mm (4.9 x 4.9 x 6.5 in). This means you can print complex geometries with the exquisite details and beautiful surface finish that will make your creations stand out.
Form print software:
Great hardware is only half the battle. We painstakingly designed our Form software to have a simple, intuitive user experience that streamlines the process of importing .STL models from any 3D CAD package. Generating smart support structures for complex geometries and sending jobs to the printer is as easy as a few clicks.
A key advantage of the Form software is the ability to precisely generate thin, breakable support structures that serve their purpose during printing but are easily removed afterward. Test users have delightfully compared this part removal to a feeling almost like separating Velcro. You can finally print those designs with crazy overhangs!
Materials:
When the Form 1 is released, it will come with our first material - a neutral matte gray that is great for look-and-feel models, standalone parts, or even as a base color for painting.
After a successful launch (thanks to your support!), we will continue development of an entire palette of materials for your printer. A variety of colors, transparency, flexibility, and even burnout capability for lost wax casting processes are all possible with SL.
Accessories - Form Finish kit:
With any 3D printing process, there are key finishing steps to get your print into its final and ready-to-use form. With SL, each part comes out of the printer with a small amount of liquid resin on its surface.
We've designed the Form Finish kit - a finishing tray and accessories set to assist you and keep your workspace clean and organized during this process.
After printing, all you need to do is remove the build platform from the printer, set it into the tray, snap the model off its supports, and use the rinsing basket to clean the print for final use. Check out our website for step-by-step photos!
We are ready for full production with your support.
So where are we in this whole process? We've:
Formed an awesome team in Boston, Montreal, and London
Engineered the system to be mass-manufactured
Built and tested 7 generations of prototypes
Tested a wide range of material formulations
Written and optimized thousands of lines of code
Tested a production run of alpha units
We're nearly ready to set up full-scale manufacturing to get your Form 1 delivered as soon as possible. We take this last crucial step seriously, and we'll need a lot of support to do the job right. That's why we've turned to Kickstarter to get the production lines up and running!
If you decide to pitch in, you'll get a discount and be one of the first to have our product on your desktop. But more importantly, you'll play a huge part in starting this revolution in 3D printing by providing your feedback and creating amazing things with the Form 1. We can't wait to see what you can design!
What do the Gyrocube and T-Shirt rewards look like?
They look like this:
Spiffy, eh?
The Formlabs Gyro was inspired by "Gyro the Cube" designed by Virtox. For a brief history of the design click here.
Special thanks to:
Juriaan Booij
Andy Ryan
Nervous System
Skylar Tibbits
Nadia Cheng
Philippa Mothersill
Jon Hirschtick
Charlie the formlab[rador]
Intercounty Connector (ICC)/MD 200 - Toll Rates
New Lower E-ZPass Maryland Toll Rates Effective July 1, 2015
The Intercounty Connector (ICC) is a variably priced facility, where tolls are higher during peak travel times (Monday - Friday, 6 a.m. - 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. - 7 p.m.) and reduced during off-peak and overnight pricing periods. A key purpose to variable tolling is to manage congestion - raising the toll rate during periods of high traffic volumes helps reduce the number of vehicles using the roadway, keeping the highway relatively congestion-free and providing motorists with reliable travel times.
Calculate your Toll Rate here!
Download the ICC/MD 200 E-ZPass Toll Rate and Video Toll Rate Cards:
The MDTA monitors traffic volumes and may adjust the toll rates periodically to manage traffic volumes or help meet revenue needs. The MDTA provides at least 10 days notice of any change to the toll schedule that is within the approved tolling plan.
ICC Tolling Plan:
Pricing Periods:
Peak, off-peak, and overnight hours and days of week when a particular mileage rate is in effect. Peak period excludes federal holidays. Pricing periods may vary by up to 60 minutes earlier and later. Changes to the pricing periods may occur once travel patterns are assessed.
Peak Period Mon - Fri: 6 - 9am; 4 - 7pm (excluding federal holidays)
Off-Peak Period Mon - Fri: 5 - 6am; 9am - 4pm; 7 - 11pm Sat & Sun: 5am - 11pm
Overnight Period Sun - Sat: 11pm - 5am
Mileage Rate Ranges:
Toll ranges used to set the per-mile toll rates.
For two-axle vehicles: Peak Period ($0.22/mile - $0.35/mile);
Off-Peak Period ($0.17/mile - $0.30/mile);
Overnight Period ($0.07/mile - $0.30/mile)
Rounding Rule: Definition: The method for consistently rounding the calculated toll per trip
The method for consistently rounding the calculated toll per trip Approved Value: Round up to the nearest penny Minimum Toll: Definition: The lowest possible toll approved for any given trip
The lowest possible toll approved for any given trip Approved Value: 2 miles multiplied by the mileage rate in effect or $0.40, whichever is greater Currently, toll rates are set at the lowest end of the ranges. To travel the ICC from I-370 to US 1 drivers of cars and light trucks with E-ZPass will pay $3.86 during Peak hours, $2.98 Off-Peak and $1.23 Overnight.
Toll Rate Comparison among Variably Priced Toll Facilities:
When considering inflation since 2004, ICC toll rates are comparable to the ranges used for discussion during the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) study for the ICC. While the ICC is Maryland's first variably priced toll facility, other states, including Virginia, California and Colorado, also use variable pricing to provide more reliable travel times and maximize transportation capacity. The ICC toll rates are comparable to, and generally lower than, these other variably priced tolling facilities around the country.
Peak Toll Rate Comparisons:
Agency or Facility Approximate Peak Mileage Rates (2 axle) I-495 Express - Virginia $1.25 for E-ZPass (14 miles) I-15 - California $1.00 for FasTrack (20 miles) SR 91 - California $.90 PM Peak
$.50 AM Peak for FasTrack (10 miles) Rt. 73 - California $.44 for FasTrack (15 miles) Rt. 261 - California $.30 for FasTrack (15 miles) Dulles Greenway - Virginia $.43 for E-ZPass (14 miles) Rt. 241 - California $.44 for FasTrack (12 miles) ICC / MD 200 $.22 for E-ZPass (16 miles)
Source: Web research 9/17/13
Public Notices:
Ells228 3rd Party Developer
Join Date: Mar 2006 Location: London, UK Posts: 7,357
February 2016 Update (Hawk)
I know we're only a little way into February but I've read a lot of negative comments on forums and Facebook that we're not working on Hawk anymore, the project is abandoned, blah blah blah.
Obviously people either don't read the updates we post on our Facebook page and forums, or they just want to stir shiz up and be negative.
I do however, understand peoples frustrations and the delays we have had over the past year are no concern to you, but if we can't get a product working for technical reasons then there's not much we can do but bug hunt and fix it, sometimes this is not an overnight process, especially with two new versions of DCS being released which also seemed to brake a few things along the way. Such is development.
Let me clarify; you are purchasing or have purchased an early access product during Beta development stage. Some features may not be complete and features may change during development and in the final version. If you are not excited to fly this product in its current state, then you should wait to see how the product progresses further in development and purchase when it is released in it's final version or accept that is it in Beta development and work in progress.
So, here is the list of what we are working on in February, and have been for the past 8 days of the month and before that:
Feedback from the Hawk pilots is being updated on our current EFM flight model. It has been thoroughly tested and verified to be authentic and realistic to flying a Hawk.
With the change to EFM comes additional features like differential toe brakes, parking brake and much more. We hope you enjoy flying it as much as we have testing it over the past few months.
By the end of this month the EFM will be released to ED for testing and verification and we will discuss with ED when the next patch for 1.5 and 2.0 can be put out with the update.
The main cockpit textures are now implemented in the model. Our texture artist has done an excellent job making the cockpit look more realistic.
Screenshots do not do their work justice as much as rolling around with the sun reflecting off of every surface showing the level of detail.
 They are carrying on with the remainder of the cockpit like switches, dials, gauges, etc.
What is shown below are current WIP screenshots. I'm sure most will like them and some will not...
Here is the remaining list of fixes and issues being worked on during February:
Weapons selector not working since 1.5.2 update.
Air start option - start with weapons system live including sidewinder cooling downtime.
Sidewinder tone added.
Radio UHF and AM coms working (ground crew currently works ok).
When part of an aircraft wing is destroyed, the weps and lights still show (this will be done as part of EFM/ASM integration).
Airbrake test switch not working.
Realistic sounds to be added to external and cockpit.
Kneeboard joystick assignments not working for mark map and next/prev pages.
Det cord showing inside of canopy when looking back.
Controls indicator (Ctrl+Enter) working.
Auto start/stop commands working.
Altimeters 10,000 number rolling over too soon indicating 1950ft when it's 950ft.
Custom weapons added.
Damage model showing on some AI / multiplayer aircraft when air-brake deployed.
Add AHRS to start-up training mission.
Add remaining navigation training missions.
Safety pins removed from the model.
Other bugs reported by testers and public.
So, as you can see Hawk has not been abandoned and is very much on our focus.
Should anyone wish to challenge this then feel free to discuss it with me personally!!!
Thanks,
Chris. Hey guys,I know we're only a little way into February but I've read a lot of negative comments on forums and Facebook that we're not working on Hawk anymore, the project is abandoned, blah blah blah.Obviously people either don't read the updates we post on our Facebook page and forums, or they just want to stir shiz up and be negative.I do however, understand peoples frustrations and the delays we have had over the past year are no concern to you, but if we can't get a product working for technical reasons then there's not much we can do but bug hunt and fix it, sometimes this is not an overnight process, especially with two new versions of DCS being released which also seemed to brake a few things along the way. Such is development.Let me clarify; you are purchasing or have purchased an early access product during Beta development stage. Some features may not be complete and features may change during development and in the final version. If you are not excited to fly this product in its current state, then you should wait to see how the product progresses further in development and purchase when it is released in it's final version or accept that is it in Beta development and work in progress.So, here is the list of what we are working on in February, and have been for the past 8 days of the month and before that:Feedback from the Hawk pilots is being updated on our currentflight model. It has been thoroughly tested and verified to be authentic and realistic to flying a Hawk.With the change to EFM comes additional features like differential toe brakes, parking brake and much more. We hope you enjoy flying it as much as we have testing it over the past few months.By the end of this month the EFM will be released to ED for testing and verification and we will discuss with ED when the next patch for 1.5 and 2.0 can be put out with the update.The mainare now implemented in the model. Our texture artist has done an excellent job making the cockpit look more realistic.Screenshots do not do their work justice as much as rolling around with the sun reflecting off of every surface showing the level of detail.He is carrying on with the remainder of the cockpit like switches, dials, gauges, etc.What is shown below are current WIP screenshots. I'm sure most will like them and some will not...Here is the remaining list of fixes and issues being worked on during February:Weapons selector not working since 1.5.2 update.Air start option - start with weapons system live including sidewinder cooling downtime.Sidewinder tone added.Radio UHF and AM coms working (ground crew currently works ok).When part of an aircraft wing is destroyed, the weps and lights still show (this will be done as part of EFM/ASM integration).Airbrake test switch not working.Realistic sounds to be added to external and cockpit.Kneeboard joystick assignments not working for mark map and next/prev pages.Det cord showing inside of canopy when looking back.Controls indicator (Ctrl+Enter) working.Auto start/stop commands working.Altimeters 10,000 number rolling over too soon indicating 1950ft when it's 950ft.Custom weapons added.Damage model showing on some AI / multiplayer aircraft when air-brake deployed.Add AHRS to start-up training mission.Add remaining navigation training missions.Safety pins removed from the model.Other bugs reported by testers and public.So, as you can see Hawk has not been abandoned and is very much on our focus.Should anyone wish to challenge this then feel free to discuss it with me personally!!!Thanks,Chris.
Photographs by Banerjee and Robert Freidus. [Click on thumbnails for larger images.You may use these images without prior permission for any scholarly or educational purpose as long as you (1) credit the photographer and (2) link your document to this URL in a web document or cite the Victorian Web in a print one. ]
The Arab Room
Like the Winter Smoking Room, the Arab Room is located in a tower, this time in the Herbert Tower, which Burges built up from a sixteenth-century wing. While both the Summer and Winter Smoking Rooms were strictly male provinces, this was intended as a drawing room for the women. This may partly explain its harem feel. More importantly, however, Burges's early travels in Sicily and Constantinople had convinced them of the Moorish sources of medieval art; and recently both they and Lord Leighton had been inspired by Prisse d'Avennes's three-volume "exotic publication" with "gilded plates," L'Arte Arabe (1869-77; see Crook, William Burges, 275). Leighton's response was the Arab Hall of Leighton House, close to Burges's own Tower House in Kensington. Burges probably outdoes Leighton, though, in Cardiff Castle. The Arab Room is breathtaking, largely because of its extraordinarily rich ceiling, sometimes described in terms of a honeycomb. But there is intricately patterned carving everywhere, in various materials — from the cornice to the chairbacks to the marble panel over the fireplace. As a result, the room is arguably the apogee of Burges's work as an interior designer. They were still working on it in the months before they died, indeed, according to Crook they worked here on their very last visit to the castle (William Burges, 276). Appropriately enough, then, it is here that the Marquess paid tribute to their architect. Around the edges of the marble overmantel is carved in Latin, "John Marquess of Bute built this in 1881. William Burgess designed it." Burges died in the April of that year.
Ceiling Details
Fireplace, Walls, and Windows
Left to right: (a) The geometrically designed ceiling, shining with gold leaf. (b) A stained glass window / skylight casting a rich glow. (c) Part of the delicately carved cornice and frieze over the lower windows. Right: (d) Bute's and Burges's names carved around it (Burges's name, written GUILLIAMUS : BURGES, is on the right).
The Banqueting Hall
The Banqueting Hall and the Library are on the site of the old medieval hall. The larger spaces here come as something of a relief after the small rooms and narrow passageways of the castle's towers. In fact, in the Banqueting Hall the richness of the decor is absorbed to the extent that the room seems rather long and echoing. Its main glory is its wonderful hammerbeam roof, clearly inspired by church architecture, with its heraldry and angels.
Left to right: (a) A close-up of the ceiling shows carved angels holding shields and looking down over the hall. (b) Above one of the doorways, a monk works at their desk, while a wise owl crowns the archway above him.
The murals, here as elsewhere, were executed for Burges by H. W. Lonsdale, who had worked with them at St Fin Barre's Cathedral in Cork, and the huge chimneypiece was sculpted by another important member of Burges's team, Thomas Nicholls, who also carved the original animals on the Animal Wall. Both murals and chimneypiece recount the exploits of Robert the Consul, 1st Earl of Gloucester and 2nd Lord of Glamorgan, the nobleman credited with having built the Norman keep. The depictions of medieval life in the hall, such as the monk at their desk over one of the doorways, are delightful; and the chimneypiece with its splendidly colourful castle scene is very striking. Unfinished when Burges died, the wood-carving here was not completed until 1893 (see Crook, William Burges, 274). But the fact that the architect had assembled a strong team of craftsmen around him, including their assistant William Frame and both Lonsdale and the renowned interior decorators Crace & Son, meant that the work continued according to their plans and spirit.
Left to right: (a), (b), and (c) Three views of the Banqueting Hall. (d) Doorway and fireplace.
Left to right: (a)and (b) The central part of the chimneypiece depicts the twelfth-century Robert the Consul setting off on one of their exploits, gazing up at their wife as they wave their neckerchief from the ramparts; heralds blow their trumpets from the towers above them. (c) The Lady of the Castle holding the shield of their husband or lover in a quiet garden as tame deer and rabbits come to them
The Top of Octagon stairs
: The head of the Octagon Tower staircase, with a gilded crocodile lurking above the handrail.
Another tower, the Octagon Tower with its distinctive wooden spire, has the only Burges staircase in the castle — the grand one that they designed is now thought to have been built but later demolished (see Newman et. al. 202). The gilded crocodile on the Octagon Tower stairhead is a typically quirky detail, reminiscent of Lewis Carroll. At the top of this Tower is another small but lavishly decorated room, this time with a Chaucerean theme. But perhaps the pleasantest room of all is the Library, with its rich, warm tones. Here, part of the original Victorian heating system is skilfully hidden below a substantial wooden desk, behind decorative grilles. Burges drew up the designs for this in 1879, and the heating itself was installed by the pioneering heating engineer, Wilson Weatherley Phipson (see Roberts 42). The whole room looks used, and user-friendly. As usual, it contains some whimsical touches. Burges has a sly laugh at Darwin in the design around a doorway: while one monkey steals an apple from the Tree of Knowledge, another two have grabbed the Book Of Truth, and one of these is looking into it with great perplexity.
Other Views of Cardiff Castle and Related Material
Questions
1. Concluding their account of Burges's work here, J. Mordaunt Crook writes, "even with the great staircase, Cardiff Castle would still have been a series of dazzling episodes rather than a coherent programme. Architecturally and decoratively, each room is an autonomous unit, grafted on to — or hewn out of — a medieval structure." Crook describes such rooms as "fantasy capsules" (William Burges, 278), more exciting in their details than as a unified whole. How far do you agree with this verdict? Is some degree of "incoherence" inevitable in any kind of restoration? How do you distinguish between eclecticism and incoherence?
2. Compare Burges's work as an "art-architect" with Pugin's and Morris's (he particularly admired Pugin). What similarities can you find, and what differences? Burges certainly had their influence, not only through their work but also through their articles on church fittings and so on (e.g. see Muthesius 126, 154). But what factors enabled Morris, in the end, to reach a wider public?
3. Burges put much of their creative energies into Cardiff Castle and Castell Coch, clinging to the High Victorian style until the end. But the Cardiff building that had the most influence on architecture in the city and its suburbs was their much simpler Park House. Why do you think that was, and does this whole question of influence matter in evaluating an architect/designer's work (indeed, any artist's work in any medium)?
A Select Bibliography
Crook, J. Mordaunt. "Burges, William (1827-1881)." Oxford Dictionary of National Biography. Online ed. Viewed August 2009.
Crook, J. Mordaunt.The Dilemma of Style: Architectural Ideas from the Picturesque to the Post-Modern. Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1987.
Crook, J. Mordaunt.William Burgess and the High Victorian Dream. London: Murray, 1981.
Long, Helen. The Edwardian House: The Middle-Class Home in Britain, 1880-1914. Manchester: Manchester University Press, 1993.
McLees, David. Castell Coch. Cardiff: Cadw (Crown Copyright), rev. ed. 2005.
Marsh, Jan. William Morris & Red House: A Collaboration between Architect and Owner. London: Anova Books, 2005.
Muthesius, Stefan. The High Victorian Movement in Architecture, 1850-1870. London: Routledge, 1972.>
Newman, John, et al. Glamorgan (Buildings of Wales, Vol. 3). New Haven: Yale University Press, 1995.
Norwich, John Julius, ed. Treasures of Britain: The Architectural, Cultural, Historical and Natural Heritage of Britain. Windsor: AA/Everyman, 2002.
Williams, Matthew. William Burges, 1827-81. Andover, Hants: Jarrold Publishing (Pitkin Guide), 2007.
Web Resource
(Offsite) Roberts, Brian. Historic Building Engineering Systems and Equipment: Heating and Ventilation. English Heritage, 2008. Viewed 5 November 2009. (Cf. the pioneering ventilation and heating systems at other key buildings, such as St George's Hall and Cragside.)
Victorian
Web
Visual
Arts
Archi-
tecture
William
Burges
Next
Share. Onyx pays a visit to Star City. Onyx pays a visit to Star City.
The upcoming sixth season of The CW's hit show Arrow will feature an appearance by DC Comics character Onyx.
The character, an assassin turned vigilante, will appear in the third episode of the new season, CBR reports. Onyx will be played by Chastity Dotson, who has previously appeared on shows such as Pitch, Imposters, and Veronica Mars.
In the comics, Onyx is a former member of the League of Assassins who comes across Green Arrow. She's also known their interactions with Batman, and for appearing in the film Batman: Bad Blood.
According to the official synopsis for the episode that features Onyx, the character will lead a rogue black ops team as they break in to steal a deadly item from Kord Industries.
Arrow stars Stephen Amell as Oliver Queen, and over the years, the show has featured appearances from several other characters, including Deathstroke and Talia Al Ghul.
Exit Theatre Mode
The sixth season of Arrow debuts October 12. Onyx's appearance will air on October 26. While there there will be casualties to Team Arrow in Season 6, executive producer Marc Guggenheim said there will still be some semblance of a team in the new season.
For more on Arrow while you wait for its return, read IGN's review of Arrow Season 5.
Chris Morgan is the author of The Comic Galaxy of Mystery Science Theater 3000 and The Ash Heap of History. Wisely or not, he's also on Twitter.
The article which appeared at this URL was originally published by Atomic Reporters, but was pulled a few days later. Antiwar.com had linked to it as our spotlight on Monday, Nov. 17. When the article was taken down early morning on that day (Nov. 17), Antiwar.com posted it on our site. Atomic Reporters has now made a formal request that we remove our unauthorized reposting of the article. We regret removing the post, but we recognize the ownership of the article rights of Atomic Reporters.
What follows is the explanation on the Atomic Reporters site:
Atomic Reporters is in business to help journalists bring a little more authority to covering nuclear issues by providing training and encouraging discussion. Among the schools of science, nuclear is a Cinderella yet it is pivotal to global security and safety.
To achieve its goals Atomic Reporters links journalists with experts as it seeks to broaden understanding, a two way street indeed. It also offers comment on the hazards journalists may face in providing evidence based reporting for their readers and viewers because of the wide range of views being expressed.
Last week we posted an Ombudsman Column called Curveballs, Sliders and the Little Pitches that Start Big Wars. Because it drew on a wide community of experts and journalists it was bylined  Atomic Reporters.
This tongue-in-cheek effort seeking to illuminate some of the very real disagreements about matters of fact swirling around the Iran nuclear file was deemed too harsh and caused offence and upset to people named in the report, for which we express regret.
We are a newly minted organization unique in our commitment to supporting journalists covering this challenging file. We try to get it right but dont always succeed. When style detracts from the serious content we are trying to address clearly weve not succeeded and we will strive to do better.
Thanks for your support: Peter Rickwood, Atomic Reporters founder & director
Last week I was infuriated by a study. I'm not talking about the type of room – I wasn't maddened by a den or seething at the sight of a home office. I was annoyed by a "survey", a "report", some "research". It was given all sorts of titles in the press, none of which was "pile of sanctimonious crap", which is a shame because that's what it was.
Some people at Netmums, which I'm guessing is the Pepsi to Mumsnet's Coke (irresponsible though it is of me to mention either high-sugar drink when children might be reading), had decided the world might be a better place if they found some way of slagging off The Simpsons. And, while they were at it, The Flintstones and Peppa Pig and The Gruffalo and My Family and Outnumbered. All of those enjoyable entertainments, and My Family, were criticised for their negative depictions of fathers. It was like the RSPCA moaning that Tom and Jerry is an unrepresentative depiction of the behaviour of the domestic cat or the Institute of Hospitality complaining that Fawlty Towers puts people off going to hotels.
It wasn't just a diatribe written by the website's staff members: 2,000 parents had been asked their opinions, although I'm not sure in what context and I refuse to find out. But they must've been caught in a whingeing mood because they seemed determined to take popular culture personally. Ninety-three per cent thought that the typical comedically bungling TV dad doesn't accurately reflect what fathers contribute to families in real life. They were not then asked whether or not that's a problem – whether it is the job of a show such as The Simpsons to accurately reflect family life, whether such shows have ever implied they're an accurate reflection of anything at all and whether Homer Simpson accurately reflects the number of fingers most fathers have.
Had they been asked those things, I hope they would have responded along the lines of: "No, of course that's not a problem – it's just that you asked whether various characters in popular culture, which are clearly the product of comic exaggeration and in some cases surreal invention, were accurate reflections of reality and they're obviously not, so I said they weren't." But I doubt that's how it would have gone because 46% of those surveyed thought that these characters could make children believe that all dads are "useless" and 28% felt that these depictions amounted to a "very subtle form of discrimination". So they do seem quite het up about it, which I think is stupid and depressing.
My state of mind was not improved by the remarks with which Netmums' founder, Siobhan Freegard, accompanied the report. "It's never been harder to be a father – but good dads have never been more needed by their families," they said, which seems reasonable enough until you think about it for a second and realise that she's wrong on both counts. There have been many times in human history when it's been harder to be a father – during the Black Death, for example – and also many times when families have needed fathers more – the tens of thousands of years when they were expected to hunt and kill all the family's food springs to mind. Sorry if you think I'm being petty but, if she's going to claim that loads of comedies that people enjoy are corroding our society, they oughtn't to kick off with a historically inept statement.
They aren't finished: "So it seems perverse we are telling men to step up and be involved, while running them down in the media." Who is this "we"? Whoever wrote The Flintstones? The Peppa Pig production team? They presumably count themselves among the people who tell men to "step up and be involved" – fair enough – but is they annoyed that they can't also vet all scripts for comedies and children's programmes for deviations from that message? Do they expect the culture to speak in unison? Do they believe that Fred Flintstone saying "Yabba‑dabba-do!" amounts to an advocacy of shouting gibberish? Maybe they think Miranda Hart's pratfalls undermine the good work of the Health and Safety Executive.
"Some people claim 'it's just a joke'," they continued, "but there's nothing amusing about taking away good role models for young boys." Yes there is. Once again, she's strayed into untruth. For example, when Homer Simpson says "Mmm… floor pie" on seeing a slice of pie on the floor, that is amusing and yet they are not being a positive role model. The negative role models Siobhan Freegard has commissioned a report to complain about do amusing things all the time.
What there is, for practical comedy-writing purposes, "nothing amusing about" is good role models: a caring, conscientious father who doesn't get into scrapes – that's the stuff of government information films, not funny programmes. And the "useless dad" may not be a fair reflection of society but, if it was complete invention, the characters wouldn't resonate. Accident-prone Daddy Pig, or Hugh Dennis's hapless character in Outnumbered, may not be representative examples of modern fatherhood but they obviously strike a chord or those shows wouldn't be watched by millions.
This report is at once joyless and opportunistic. It seeks to say something headline-grabbing and preachy to garner positive coverage for a website, and is content for some of the finest products of the noble human urge to amuse and entertain to be the victim. There are many things wrong with humanity but I'm fairly sure that funny sitcoms and cartoons about family life aren't among them.
But when Freegard says, "The type of jokes aimed at dads would be banned if they were aimed at women, ethnic minorities or religious groups", they have got a point – just not the one they think she's got. Men and fathers are so favoured in our society, the world is weighted so much to their advantage, that comedy writers can safely make them the perpetual butt of jokes. The fact that Homer Simpson is the funniest, most prominent and most popular character in that show says far more about continued male dominance of money and power in the west than their fecklessness or misfortunes say about the undervaluing of paternal effort.
Comedy is a misère bid – to be the biggest loser is to win. If a time comes when incompetent or hapless women are humorously depicted as often as their male equivalents, then the distorting fairground mirror of comedy might at last be reflecting a just world.
David Mitchell's memoir Backstory is out now in paperback
BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Lebanese army and Islamist militants clashed on Wednesday despite a 24-hour ceasefire agreed to end five days of fighting that has killed dozens of people in the most serious spillover of Syria's three-year civil war into Lebanon.
Lebanese army soldiers sit atop of an armoured carrier at the entrance of the Sunni Muslim border town of Arsal, in eastern Bekaa Valley August 5, 2014. REUTERS/Hassan Abdallah
Saudi Arabian King Abdullah granted $1 billion to help the Lebanese army to bolster security as they battle militants who have seized the border town of Arsal on the Syrian frontier, state news agency SPA reported.
Machine gun fire and shelling broke out on Wednesday morning on the outskirts of the town in breach of the 24-hour ceasefire, which came into force at 7 p.m. (12 p.m. EDT) on Tuesday.
“The ceasefire is continuing, but we are responding to any violations,” a security official said.
At least 17 soldiers have been killed and 22 are missing from the violence in and around Arsal. Preliminary reports from inside the town suggest dozens of people have been killed there.
Advancing Lebanese troops found the bodies of 50 gunmen on Monday, security sources said, while sources in the town report heavy casualties among its civilian population.
Arsal's mayor Ali Hujeiri, by phone, said the gunmen were on the outskirts of the town. “There was a ceasefire, but it is not being implemented,” they said, adding that there appeared to be more militants in the area.
“The army is still there, the gunmen are still there, and the ones suffering are the civilians.”
Arsal was the first stop for many civilians fleeing the bloodshed in Syria. Refugee camps in Arsal that provide shelter to tens of thousands of Syrians who fled the war have been badly damaged in the fighting, forcing them to seek shelter in the town itself, Syrian activists in the area have said.
This was the first major incursion into Lebanon by hardline Sunni militants - leading players in Sunni-Shi'ite violence unfolding across the Levant - which threatens the stability of Lebanon by inflaming its own sectarian tensions. (Full Story)
While Lebanon has officially tried to distance itself from Syria's conflict, the country's powerful Shi'ite movement, Hezbollah, has sent fighters to aid President Bashar al-Assad, an Alawite. Assad, like Hezbollah, is backed by Shi'ite power Iran.
The clashes in Arsal began on Saturday after security forces arrested an Islamist commander popular with local rebels who often move across the porous border with Syria.
Soon after the arrest, gunmen attacked local security forces and seized the town.
SAUDI MONEY
Saudi news agency SPA said the aid was announced by former Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri, who has close links to the Saudi royal family, after a visit to King Abdullah in their summer residence in the Red Sea city of Jeddah on Tuesday evening.
The king “has issued an order to provide aid to the Lebanese army and the national security (forces) to the value of one billion dollars to support their ability to maintain the security and stability of Saudi Arabia's sister country, Lebanon”, said Hariri, cited by SPA.
The militants have been identified by officials as members of the Nusra Front, al Qaeda's branch in Syria, and of the Islamic State, which has seized large areas of Iraq and Syria.
Lebanon - a country of about 4 million, bordering Israel - has avoided the kind of war afflicting Syria and Iraq, but regional conflicts have rekindled decades-old tensions.
Rocket fire, suicide attacks and gun battles connected to Syria's war have plagued Lebanon and the conflict has worsened Lebanon's perennial political deadlock, with officials divided largely along sectarian lines.
More than 170,000 people have been killed in Syria's war, which started in 2011 as a peaceful protest movement, then degenerated into civil war after a government crackdown.
A commitment to building a stable family is not the deal it used to be in America. The average American family is poorer than it was 10 years ago. As Stephanie Coontz has pointed out, over the last 40 years changes in the workforce and growing socioeconomic inequality have conspired to stoke familial instability. Our policies have failed to address this new landscape, and because of it we are inhibiting one of our nation's greatest contributors to the public good, and Americans' most personal aspirations: family.
It can be easy to miss the value of family to our nation because its contributions are so ingrained into our lives. Perhaps the best way to assess the value of a stable family is to examine the social costs of broken families. When Americans don't have family to care for them, government must step in to provide those services. For instance, Matthew Zill at the Brookings Institution points out that state and federal governments spend billions of dollars each year to care for children in foster care—$9 billion through Title IV-E of the Social Security Act alone. There are longer-term costs for children who grow up outside of safe, permanent families as well, including the $5.1 billion the government spends incarcerating former foster-care youth each year.
Similarly, familial bonds help defray the costs of caring for the elderly. Filial responsibility—foundationally a moral responsibility, but also a legal responsibility in the United States and in nations around the world—has been central to social cohesion and distribution of social costs and responsibility. However, as family breakdown becomes more common, Medicaid (i.e., taxpayers) will have to bear more of the burden for care of adults. How much of a burden? In 2009, 61.6 million Americans gave uncompensated care to an adult “with limitations in daily activities” at some point during the year—an economic value of $450 billion in unpaid services. From cradle to grave, the social and personal benefits of a healthy family, and the costs of its absence, are evident.
* * *
These benefits of family are certainly evident to the president. Obama's experiences as a father and a husband are essential to understanding Obama the politician. Their first book, Dreams from My Father, is driven by their search for identity not just through the prism of race, but as a man who hardly knew their father. They have addressed some of the most important moments and causes of their political life through their perspective as a father and husband: their speech on race in April 2008 and their remarks about Trayvon Martin, their case for the Affordable Care Act, and their advocacy for women. They have made promoting fatherhood a signature issue of their presidency. As someone who personally knows the “hole in the heart” that a child has when a father is absent, Obama has withstood criticism from some on the left for focusing on the role of fathers in children's lives. In private prayers I've shared with the president, and public moments where they lead through their perspective as a son, husband, and father, Obama's value of family has always been clear and moving to me.
Despite playing on an expiring contract, Martin St. Louis has no plans to retire or leave the Big Apple this offseason.
Speaking to the New York Post prior to New York Rangers' final home game Thursday night, the soon-to-be 40-year-old said they hope to retire with their current team.
“There's no doubt that I want to play next year. Period,” St. Louis said. “And for sure, yes, I want to play here. I want to finish my career as a Ranger."
The Presidents' Trophy winners have already locked up pending unrestricted free agents Cam Talbot, Marc Staal and Mats Zuccarello this season, but St. Louis contract remains to be addressed.
Playing out the final year of a four-year, $22.5 million contract they signed with the Tampa Bay Lightning prior to the 2011-12 season, St. Louis said retiring a Ranger is not a new plan for him.
“I was targeting being a Ranger for a long time,” they said. “I always wanted to come here, I always hoped I could finish my career here."
The Laval, QC native was traded to the Rangers from the Lightning on Trade Deadline day of last season, in a captain for captain deal with Ryan Callahan. In addition to Callahan, the Lightning also received a 2015 first-round pick and a second-round pick that year.
St. Louis scored eight goals and added seven assists in the Rangers playoff run last season as the team fell to the Los Angeles Kings in the Stanley Cup Finals.
In 73 games this season, they have 21 goals and 50 points.
St. Louis is a six-time All-Star, two-time Art Ross winner and was awarded the Hart trophy in the 2003-04 season. They won the Stanley Cup as a member of the Lightning in 2004.
Brady takes the snap...
Edelman has straight up one-on-one coverage on the outside. As Brady receives the snap, they are looking purely left. In retrospect, this was likely designed to pull the safety to Brady's left, away from Edelman.
Edelman works in to theirs route...
As Edelman approaches corner Keith Reaser (#27), they make an outside move, and the defender reacts by shifting their weight back and to the outside.
Back to the inside...
As Edelman circled around the outside, they make a cut back towards the middle of the field. Reaser is immediately in a trail position, but not terrible position if Edelman continues their route inside...
Out, In...Out again...
Edelman makes one quick step inside, plants, and starts to turn back to the outside. Reaser is all kinds of twisted up.
Ball is in the air...
The fact that the ball is already about a third of the way there, tells me Brady was throwing as Edelman was making their final cut. All timing, Brady is throwing to a spot, and Edelman now has to get there.
Ball. Feet. TOUCHDOWN!
All around brilliant execution by Edelman and Brady on this one. It ended up being a triple move, and a great job on the route by Edelman, and then brilliant footwork on the sideline. Brady does a great job looking away, coming back and throwing it to a spot and trusting their guy to get there. Fantastic placement on this throw.
When things go correctly with this offense, these are the kinds of results: an almost indefensible route, throw and catch. Even better in motion...
U.S. government officials reportedly have temporarily banned most electronics on certain flights into and out of the country.
Royal Jordanian posted on Twitter Monday that “following instructions from the concerned U.S. departments, we kindly inform our dearest passengers departing to and arriving from the United States that carrying any electronic or electrical device on board the flight cabins is strictly prohibited.”
The tweet was later deleted, but a State Department source told CNN that affected countries and airlines are being informed of the ban.
ADVERTISEMENT
The ban does not apply to cell phones or medical devices, but does include laptops, tablets, electronic games and cameras. Those items can be stowed in checked baggage, however.
Reuters reported the policy change would be officially announced on Tuesday.
U.S. officials on Monday would not confirm or deny the temporary ban.
“We have no comment on potential security precautions, but will provide any update as appropriate,” said a spokesperson for the Department of Homeland Security.
But the ban appears to apply to 13 countries for the next 96 hours, according to Fox News, and could be in response to a new intelligence threat — not related to President Trump's revised travel ban, which was frozen before it took effect last week.
Jordanian Airlines says US off'ls barred electronic devices from certain flights. Ban appears to apply to 13 countries for next 96 hours. https://t.co/xQo7FdqbVV — Jennifer Griffin (@JenGriffinFNC) March 20, 2017
Back on November 21st, 2016, Disney announced that a new Festival would be arriving at Epcot. Running on Fridays through Mondays from January 13 – February 20, I thought the event fit Epcot's theme perfectly and added a lot of fun and interesting things to do.
Now that the Festival is over, I'm not sure if this post is more or less useless than it would have been had it turned up a couple of days after the Arts debuted.
But it's 99.9% likely that the Festival of the Arts will return next year, so if you are planning a trip sometime between mid-January and mid-February then this may offer an idea about what to expect. And if not, you can at least laugh at my drawing of Winnie the Pooh.
The Disney on Broadway shows in the American Gardens Theater ended up being my favorite aspect.
The 25ish minute shows were scheduled three times each evening and featured legit talent. This is the original Broadway Mary Poppins and Tarzan and they were fantastic.
You can sample a performance here. New performers appeared every two weeks, so local visitors could return and see new people and hear different songs. I don't have much use for the Flower Power or Sounds Like Summer concert series, but I made a point of seeing the Broadway show whenever possible. Really terrific stuff.
The popular Animation Academy, long gone from Hollywood Studios, made a return.
This time it was offered in the old Vision House space in Innoventions East (buy Bosch). Hopefully next year, Disney can figure out a way to increase capacity or the number of shows offered. The class only lasted nine minutes but they were scheduled 45 minutes apart, requiring a wait of about 25 minutes to get a seat in a lot of cases.
I'm so sorry. But it is fun to draw along with the animator and you'll either come away with a “free” souvenir or years of torment as people constantly remind you of that pooh you drew that one time.
Luckily, there were real artists spread throughout World Showcase creating art and answering questions.
The same artist later in the day.
The artists would spend some time in a Pavilion and then take up residence in others throughout the day.
Chalk art in the United States while it's still legal here.
Disney also set up a variety of these photo opportunities where you get to be a part of a famous painting.
Guests had the opportunity to get in on the action with this large “paint by numbers” mural.
Basically, you picked up a brush and some paint that corresponded to small boxes with numbers on them on the mural.
Then you could find five to seven of those boxes and do your part to create the larger mural.
Meanwhile, the professionals were working on this.
The living statues were popular.
Maybe they will set up a similar thing with bloggers for Flower/Garden.
A number of notable artists were on hand to sign their work and meet fans.
And different kinds of art were available to look at and purchase.
There were quite a few more than this.
As in past years, a scavenger hunt was offered at a minimal cost.
Guests had the opportunity to pay $6.99 for the map and then hunt around each World Showcase Pavilion trying to find these paintings.
Then you put the sticker for that painting onto the map.
After completing the activity, you bring the map back to one of the locations that sells them and can choose one of these magnets. “The Scream” proved to be most popular.
Speaking of Figment, the merchandise was largely on point.
The painting in particular.
The Festival Center was in the Odyssey Building.
I was impressed by the value Disney was offering for their paid events. This $39 flower arrangement class included a Minnie coffee mug that's currently in stores for $16.95, in addition to the Festival of the Arts reusable bag that's pictured towards the lower left corner of the frame, in addition to taking home a very nice assortment of flowers that would cost you $100+ if Disney delivered them to your room. Of course, you are doing most of the work yourself during the 60-minute class. Very fun.
Also in the Festival Showplace were small Herb Ryman and Mary Blair exhibits:
There were only about eight pieces per artist, but the concept art in particular was really cool to see in this large size. Hopefully we'll see bigger exhibits next year.
Back outside, the characters met alongside pieces of art featuring their likeness.
Those visiting the various Kidcot Fun Spots could choose to decorate this painter's palette.
Of course, food and drink were involved, the items of which I reviewed shortly after the Festival started. Unlike Flower/Garden/Food/Wine there were only a handful of kiosks, but I thought what each offered was quite good. And because there were so few, they didn't typically get in the way like the 35+ kiosks you see during Food/Wine might.
For posterity, here are the links to each kiosk review:
Overall, the Epcot International Festival of the Arts is something to look forward to next winter for anyone able to visit between when the Festival starts in mid-January and ends in mid-February.
I'll see you at Flower and Garden next week.
Public support for fracking in the UK has fallen to a new low, according to government polling, at the same time as backing for renewable energy has hit a record high.
The survey, which is repeated every few months, shows that public enthusiasm for the controversial energy extraction method has fallen steadily in the past two years while opposition to it has risen dramatically.
The government has consistently advocated shale gas as a future home grown energy source – no commercial fracking wells are currently operating in the UK – while at the same time cutting subsidies for solar and wind power.
Just 19% of people back exploration for shale gas in the latest edition of the Department of Energy and Climate Change's long-running public attitudes tracker, down from a high of 29% two years ago. The percentage against has risen to a new high of 31%, while the proportion neither for nor against has remained largely stable, at 46%.
The Decc polling, published on Thursday, showed a jump in support for renewable power to a new high of 81%, with only 4% opposing it. Backing for renewables has remained steadily high at 75-80% in recent years.
The news follows a protest by actor and anti-fracking campaigner Emma Thompson who broke an injunction to film a mock Great British Bake-Off film with Greenpeace on shale gas explorer Cuadrilla's site in Lancashire. The stunt prompted the farmer who owned the land to drive-by in their tractor spreading slurry close to the filming.
The next big planning decision on fracking comes on 20 May, when North Yorkshire county council will decide whether to approve an application by Third Energy to frack at Kirby Misperton. Cuadrilla meanwhile is appealing against a rejection by Lancashire county council last summer.
A Decc spokesperson said: “These findings show that half of the people asked still don't have a view on fracking, but more importantly that the vast majority (88%) said that they do not know a lot about it. This is exactly why we want people to have access to all the facts so they can see past the myths and understand the benefits which include greater energy security, more jobs and growth.”
Ken Cronin, chief executive of Ukoog, the trade body that represents the shale industry, said: “This research shows that two thirds of people are concerned that we cannot heat ourselves and keep the lights on, and nearly half are worried that we are too dependent on gas imports from abroad.
“The solution is to source energy from the ground beneath our feet and the industry must continue its efforts to ensure that factual evidence based information is provided to the public rather than scaremongering and myths.”
Statistics published by the government today also show that there is now 9.5GW of solar power installed in the UK, up by nearly a fifth on last year. Around half is in the form of big solar farms (greater than 5MW) which ministers such as environment secretary, Liz Truss, have attacked and undercut with subsidy changes.
Juliet Davenport OBE, chief executive of green energy company Good Energy said: “The message from the British public is loud and clear. 81% of us back renewables for our energy – people want to see a transition to a renewable future here in the UK.”
Last year's historic climate agreement in Paris – and the recent signing of the deal – may also have given a small fillip to public concern on climate change, which was up slightly on earlier polling, from 66% previously to 70% now.
Correction: An early version of this article said James B. Comey had been nominated for the role of FBI director. Comey is the expected pick, but a nominee has not been named. This version of the article has been corrected.
The U.S. government is accessing top Internet companies' servers to track foreign targets. Reporter Barton Gellman talks about the source who revealed this top-secret information and how they believe their whistleblowing was worth whatever consequences are ahead. (Brook Silva-Braga/The Washington Post)
The U.S. government is accessing top Internet companies' servers to track foreign targets. Reporter Barton Gellman talks about the source who revealed this top-secret information and how they believe their whistleblowing was worth whatever consequences are ahead. (Brook Silva-Braga/The Washington Post)
On March 12, 2004, acting attorney general James B. Comey and the Justice Department's top leadership reached the brink of resignation over electronic surveillance orders that they believed to be illegal.
President George W. Bush backed down, halting secret foreign-
intelligence-gathering operations that had crossed into domestic terrain. That morning marked the beginning of the end of STELLARWIND, the cover name for a set of four surveillance programs that brought Americans and American territory within the domain of the National Security Agency for the first time in decades. It was also a prelude to new legal structures that allowed Bush and then President Obama to reproduce each of those programs and expand their reach.
What exactly STELLARWIND did has never been disclosed in an unclassified form. Which parts of it did Comey approve? Which did they shut down? What became of the programs when the crisis passed and Comey, now Obama's expected nominee for FBI director, returned to private life?
Authoritative new answers to those questions, drawing upon a classified NSA history of STELLARWIND and interviews with high-ranking intelligence officials, offer the clearest map yet of the Bush-era programs and the NSA's contemporary U.S. operations.
STELLARWIND was succeeded by four major lines of intelligence collection in the territorial United States, together capable of spanning the full range of modern telecommunications, according to the interviews and documents.
Timeline of surveillance
A timeline of surveillance in the United States from 2001 to 2013: from the Patriot Act to the PRISM program.
Foreigners, not Americans, are the NSA's “targets,” as the law defines that term. But the programs are structured broadly enough that they touch nearly every American household in some way. Obama administration officials and career intelligence officers say Americans should take comfort that privacy protections are built into the design and oversight, but they are not prepared to discuss the details.
The White House, the NSA and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence declined to comment on the record for this article. A senior intelligence official agreed to answer questions if not identified.
“We have rich oversight across three branches of government. I've got an [inspector general] here, a fairly robust legal staff here . . . and there's the Justice Department's national security division,” the official said. “For those things done under court jurisdiction, the courts are intrusive in my business, appropriately so, and there are two congressional committees. It's a belts-and-suspenders-and-Velcro approach, and inside there's rich auditing.”
But privacy advocates, such as Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.), said the intelligence committee on which they serve needs “straight answers” to do vigorous oversight.
They added: “The typical person says, ‘If I am law-abiding and the government is out there collecting lots of information about me — who I call, when I call, where I call from' . . . I think the typical person is going to say, ‘That sure sounds like it could have some effect on my privacy.' ”
Two of the four collection programs, one each for telephony and the Internet, process trillions of “metadata” records for storage and analysis in systems called MAINWAY and MARINA, respectively. Metadata includes highly revealing information about the times, places, devices and participants in electronic communication, but not its contents. The bulk collection of telephone call records from Verizon Business Services, disclosed this month by the British newspaper the Guardian, is one source of raw intelligence for MAINWAY.
The other two types of collection, which operate on a much smaller scale, are aimed at content. One of them intercepts telephone calls and routes the spoken words to a system called ­NUCLEON.
For Internet content, the most important source collection is the PRISM project reported on June 6 by The Washington Post and the Guardian. It draws from data held by Google, Yahoo, Microsoft and other Silicon Valley giants, collectively the richest depositories of personal information in history.
Former NSA contractor Edward Snowden, 29, who unmasked themselves as the source behind the PRISM and Verizon revelations, said they hoped for a systematic debate about the “danger to our freedom and way of life” posed by a surveillance apparatus “kept in check by nothing more than policy.”
For well over a week, they have had their wish. Startling disclosures have poured out of the nation's largest and arguably tightest-lipped spy agency at an unprecedented pace. Snowden's disclosures have opened a national conversation about the limits of secret surveillance in a free society and an outcry overseas against U.S. espionage.
The debate has focused on two of the four U.S.-based collection programs: PRISM, for Internet content, and the comprehensive collection of telephone call records, foreign and domestic, that the Guardian revealed by posting a classified order from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court to Verizon Business Services.
The Post has learned that similar orders have been renewed every three months for other large U.S. phone companies, including Bell South and AT&T, since May 24, 2006. On that day, the surveillance court made a fundamental shift in its approach to Section 215 of the Patriot Act, which permits the FBI to compel production of “business records” that are relevant to a particular terrorism investigation and to share those in some circumstances with the NSA. Henceforth, the court ruled, it would define the relevant business records as the entirety of a telephone company's call database.
The Bush administration, by then, had been taking “bulk metadata” from the phone companies under voluntary agreements for more than four years. The volume of information overwhelmed the MAINWAY database, according to a classified report from the NSA inspector general in 2009. The agency spent $146 million in supplemental counterterrorism funds to buy new hardware and contract support — and to make unspecified payments to the phone companies for “collaborative partnerships.”
When the New York Times revealed the warrantless surveillance of voice calls, in December 2005, the telephone companies got nervous. One of them, unnamed in the report, approached the NSA with a request. Rather than volunteer the data, at a price, the “provider preferred to be compelled to do so by a court order,” the report said. Other companies followed suit. The surveillance court order that recast the meaning of business records “essentially gave NSA the same authority to collect bulk telephony metadata from business records that it had” under Bush's asserted authority alone.
Telephone metadata was not the issue that sparked a rebellion at the Justice Department, first by Jack Goldsmith of the Office of Legal Counsel and then by Comey, who was acting attorney general because John D. Ashcroft was in intensive care with acute gallstone pancreatitis. It was Internet metadata.
At Bush's direction, in orders prepared by David Addington, the counsel to Vice President Richard B. Cheney, the NSA had been siphoning e-mail metadata and technical records of Skype calls from data links owned by AT&T, Sprint and MCI, which later merged with Verizon.
For reasons unspecified in the report, Goldsmith and Comey became convinced that Bush had no lawful authority to do that.
MARINA and the collection tools that feed it are probably the least known of the NSA's domestic operations, even among experts who follow the subject closely. Yet they probably capture information about more American citizens than any other, because the volume of e-mail, chats and other Internet communications far exceeds the volume of standard telephone calls.
The NSA calls Internet metadata “digital network information.” Sophisticated analysis of those records can reveal unknown associates of known terrorism suspects. Depending on the methods applied, it can also expose medical conditions, political or religious affiliations, confidential business negotiations and extramarital affairs.
What permits the former and prevents the latter is a complex set of policies that the public is not permitted to see. “You could do analyses that give you more information, but the law and procedures don't allow that,” a senior U.S. intelligence lawyer said.
In the urgent aftermath of Sept. 11, 2001, with more attacks thought to be imminent, analysts wanted to use “contact chaining” techniques to build what the NSA describes as network graphs of people who represented potential threats.
The legal challenge for the NSA was that its practice of collecting high volumes of data from digital links did not seem to meet even the relatively low requirements of Bush's authorization, which allowed collection of Internet metadata “for communications with at least one communicant outside the United States or for which no communicant was known to be a citizen of the United States,” the NSA inspector general's report said.
Lawyers for the agency came up with an interpretation that said the NSA did not “acquire” the communications, a term with formal meaning in surveillance law, until analysts ran searches against it. The NSA could “obtain” metadata in bulk, they argued, without meeting the required standards for acquisition.
Goldsmith and Comey did not buy that argument, and a high-ranking U.S. intelligence official said the NSA does not rely on it today.
As soon as surveillance data “touches us, we've got it, whatever verbs you choose to use,” the official said in an interview. “We're not saying there's a magic formula that lets us have it without having it.”
When Comey finally ordered a stop to the program, Bush signed an order renewing it anyway. Comey, Goldsmith, FBI Director Robert S. Mueller III and most of the senior Bush appointees in the Justice Department began drafting letters of resignation.
Then-NSA Director Michael V. Hayden was not among them. According to the inspector general's classified report, Cheney's lawyer, Addington, placed a phone call and “General Hayden had to decide whether NSA would execute the Authorization without the Attorney General's signature.” They decided to go along.
The following morning, when Mueller told Bush that they and Comey intended to resign, the president reversed himself.
Three months later, on July 15, the secret surveillance court allowed the NSA to resume bulk collection under the court's own authority. The opinion, which remains highly classified, was based on a provision of electronic surveillance law, known as “pen register, trap and trace,” that was written to allow law enforcement officers to obtain the phone numbers of incoming and outgoing calls from a single telephone line.
When the NSA aims for foreign targets whose communications cross U.S. infrastructure, it expects to sweep in some American content “incidentally” or “inadvertently,” which are terms of art in regulations governing the NSA. Contact chaining, because it extends to the contacts of targets, inevitably collects even more American data.
Current NSA director Keith B. Alexander and Director of National Intelligence James R. Clapper Jr. have resolutely refused to offer an estimate of the number of Americans whose calls or e-mails have thus made their way into content databases such as ­NUCLEON.
The agency and its advocates maintain that its protection of that data is subject to rigorous controls and oversight by Congress and courts. For the public, it comes down to a question of unverifiable trust.
“The constraints that I operate under are much more remarkable than the powers that I enjoy,” said the senior intelligence official who declined to be named.
When asked why the NSA could not release an unclassified copy of its “minimization procedures,” which are supposed to strip accidentally collected records of their identifying details, the official suggested a reporter submit a freedom-of-information request.
As for bulk collection of Internet metadata, the question that triggered the crisis of 2004, another official said the NSA is no longer doing it. When pressed on that question, they said they were speaking only of collections under authority of the surveillance court.
“I'm not going to say we're not collecting any Internet metadata,” they added. “We're not using this program and these kinds of accesses to collect Internet metadata in bulk.”
Julie Tate and Ellen Nakashima contributed to this report.
Sultry Film Star Lauren Bacall Dies At 89
Hear Mandalit Del Barco's Remembrance Of Bacall Listen · 3:52 3:52
Hide caption Lauren Bacall in 1951. They had a rich movie and stage career and won Tony awards for Applause and Woman of the Year. Previous Next Baron/Getty Images
Hide caption Bogart and Bacall in an undated photo. They were the epitome of cool. Previous Next The Associated Press
Hide caption Bacall in 1944, when they first appeared on screen in To Have and Have Not. Previous Next AP
Hide caption Then-Vice President Harry Truman plays the piano, with Bacall perched on top, during their appearance at the National Press Club in 1945. Previous Next AP
Hide caption Bacall at an RFK celebrity tennis tournament in New York in 1977. Previous Next Ira Schwarz/AP
Hide caption Ginger Rogers, right, visits backstage with Bacall at the Palace Theater in New York in 1981 after seeing Bacall in their Broadway show, Woman of the Year. Previous Next Richard Drew/AP
Hide caption Bacall appeared in the movie The Walker with Woody Harrelson in 2007. Previous Next AP
Hide caption Bacall received the Governor's Award at the Academy Awards in 2010. Previous Next Mark J. Terrill/AP 1 of 8 i View slideshow
Actress Lauren Bacall, who paired with spouse Humphrey Bogart in films including The Big Sleep and Key Largo, has died at the age of 89, according to their family's estate.
As NPR's Mandalit del Barco reports, Bacall was born Betty Joan Perske, in the Bronx, to working class Jewish parents. As Lauren Bacall, they lived in New York City until the end. In their autobiography, Bacall describes becoming a fashion model as a teenager. They studied acting, begging for parts, even working as an usher just to get close to the stage.
"I always believed that the theater was the place to learn your craft," they told NPR in 2005. "... When I was a kid, when I wanted to be an actor, I only wanted to be on the stage."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Keystone/Getty Images Keystone/Getty Images
In 1943, the wife of film director Howard Hawks spotted them modeling on the cover of Harper's Bazaar magazine. The director cast the 19-year-old actor opposite Humphrey Bogart, in To Have and Have Not. You've undoubtedly heard their most famous line: "You know how to whistle, don't you, Steve? You just put your lips together and blow."
Before the film came out, director Hawks renamed them Lauren Bacall, and they credit them with encouraging them to cultivate the low, sultry voice that became them trademark.
During filming, "Baby" and "Bogie" — as Bacall and Bogart called each other — fell in love. When they married in 1945, they were 20, and they were 45. They told WHYY's Fresh Air in 1994 that it was the most romantic experience of their life.
"When you are young and when it's your first love ... you are just carried away by it and ... that's all you can think about," they said. "You see, Bogie was the kind of man who believed in taking care of a marriage in taking care of a relationship. They believed you had to work at it and keep it fresh and fun and interesting — and they did."
In the 1950s, Bogart and Bacall spoke out against the House Committee on Un-American Activities, and they campaigned for Adlai Stevenson's presidential bid. Bacall's politics, their tendency to turn down roles and their commitment to their marriage may have limited their film career. They talked about it all in two candid autobiographies, says Alonso Duralde, film review editor of the Hollywood website The Wrap.
"[These] very frank and forthcoming books solidified their reputation as a straight-shooter," Duralde says. They were "somebody who had made it through the Hollywood system and had seen it all and was very frank about who they are. And as they became an older actor they very much maintained them ... star status even as they were playing smaller roles.
Bacall and Bogart were married until their death in 1957. They were later married to actor Jason Robards from 1961 to 1969. They had two children with Bogart and one with Robards. They told NPR's Morning Edition in 2005 that being so closely connected to their first husband frustrated them
"The only thing that I am not pleased about is when people only talk about 'Bogie' to me as though I had no other life at all," they said. "When I had, unfortunately, many, many more years without them than I did with him."
Bacall's numerous post-Bogart film roles included Murder on the Orient Express, Misery and The Mirror Has Two Faces, for which they were nominated for an Academy Award.
"I mean, my feeling is that you've got to keep working," Bacall told Morning Edition. "And I still seem to have a kind of ambition. And I still love my profession and I still love working with these independent young directors who have completely different approaches to moviemaking. I just don't see any point in stopping unless I have to."
Reuters notes that they also won a pair of Tony Awards:
After their film career cooled, Bacall returned to the stage. They won the best actor Tony Awards for "Applause" in 1970 and "Woman of the Year" in 1981. Over the years they had transformed their persona from a willowy temptress with a come-hither look to a shrewd and worldly woman. Of their career and life, Bacall once said, "I traveled by roller coaster, a roller coaster on which the highs were as high as anyone could ever hope to go. And the lows! Oh, those lows were lower than anyone should ever have to go — 10 degrees below hell."
As an actor, singer and author, Bacall enthralled audiences for nearly 70 years.
LJUBLJANA, Oct 12 (Reuters) - Slovenia will ban the registration of new cars running on petrol or diesel fuel from 2030, the government said on Thursday.
It also issued a draft development strategy under which the country plans to cut public debt to 60 percent of GDP, the maximum level allowed for European Union members, by 2030.
“New registration (from 2030) will only be possible for cars with CO2 emissions of less than 50 grams per kilometer,” a government statement said, adding that only electric and plug-in hybrid cars fulfill such criteria at present.
It said that from 2025 new registrations will only be possible for cars that emit less than 100 grams of CO2 per kilometer, which should enable Slovenia to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 9 percent from 2020 to 2030.
The government of the small southeast European country said it aimed for at least 17 percent of personal cars in 2030 to be electric and plug-in hybrid models. At present they are less than 0.1 percent of the total.
The planned ban on petrol and diesel cars follows similar moves by Britain in France targeted to take effect by 2040. The French capital Paris said earlier on Thursday it would ban such cars in the city by 2030.
According to the Slovenian government's draft strategy, the country should in 2030 reach the EU average GDP per capita in purchasing power, up from 83 percent of that level last year.
Slovenia's public debt has risen sharply over the past years as the country only narrowly avoided an international bailout for its banks in 2013. Last year it fell for the first time in eight years and the government plans to reduce it to below 77 percent of GDP this year.
NBA Playoffs 2014: Tony Parker says they may be more aggressive offensively
NBA Playoffs 2014: Tony Parker says they may be more aggressive offensively by Bryan Rose
Steve Spurrier has a certain way with words that has made The Head Ball Coach one of the best quotes in college football, heck in all sports, and the Tennessee volunteers have long been the subject of some notorious Spurrier quotes as they always loved to chide their SEC east rival.
The most famous line is either saying you can't spell the Citrus Bowl without “UT” or that Peyton Manning returned for their senior year because they wanted to be a four-time MVP of the bowl when they were the head coach with the Florida Gators.
However, Spurrier may have topped themselves with this quote about the permanent rivalry between Tennessee and the Alabama Crimson Tide.
Steve Spurrier on SEC permanent rivals: “Alabama and Tennessee like each other. I don't know why Tennessee would keep liking them though.” — Josh Kendall (@JoshatTheState) April 24, 2014
I honestly didn't think there were any more ways Spurrier could tweak Tennessee, then they go and does THAT — Dan Wolken (@DanWolken) April 24, 2014
Certainly, the Vols have fallen on some hard times in recent years which has coincided with the renaissance of the Alabama program under Nick Saban, but I'm pretty sure Tennessee fans will be quick to remind Spurrier that the Vols knocked off their South Carolina Gamecocks 23-21 last year in Neyland Stadium in Butch Jones' first season on Rocky Top.
Oh, and about the whole Citrus Bowl thing, South Carolina was in the Citrus Bowl last season.
Don't ever change Spurrier and please don't retire. Ever.
Mexican police attacked teachers striking against neoliberal education reforms in the southern state of Oaxaca, killing at least nine people and leaving dozens more injured, teleSUR Correspondent Fernando Camacho reported on Monday.
Police were attempting to evict teachers from a road blockade on the Oaxaca-Puebla highway in the municipality of Nochixtlan when gunfire erupted, leading to violent clashes that lasted approximately four hours.
Teachers from the dissident CNTE union, also known as Section 22, had set up the blockade as part of protests over an education reform implemented by President Enrique Peña Nieto and the arrest of several of the unions' leaders over the past week.
In a press conference from the Mexican capital, a spokesperson for the union said the dead included Andres Aguilar Sanabria, 23, and Santiago Jimenez Aylin, 28, who have been identified as trainee teacher students. The spokesperson said there was a third fatality but did not provide any details.
Francisco Bravo: “There are two issues that we're dealing with. We demand that the government reverse education reform, which is not about education. Fundamentally, it's about labor and an end to repression. In particular, we demand our political prisoners to be freed and our dismissed colleagues to be reinstated.”
The union spokesperson blamed the police forces who participated in the eviction for the three deaths, calling it an “attack,” and asked the government to engage in dialogue with the striking teachers.
Mexican Police Kill 8 in Clashes with Striking Oaxaca Teachers
The death toll of five demonstrators was later confirmed by the public prosecutor's office in Oaxaca. Meanwhile, Proceso magazine reported six deaths while the CNTE themselves later reported nine.
Police said that at least 21 people had been arrested.
Users on social media said that dozens of the injured were left untreated after the police seized the hospital in Nochixtlan and only allowed injured police access. Injured demonstrators were reportedly treated inside a nearby church.
Another clash between demonstrators and police took place in the city port of Salina Cruz, in Oaxaca as well, where another group of teachers is blockading a road that connects the state with its neighbors on the Pacific coast. Local media also reported dozens of injured protesting teachers and dozens of arrests, however authorities have not said anything on this case.
Renato Sales Heredia, national security commissioner, warned last week that the government would use force to repress mobilizations by striking teachers and their sympathizers.
Heredia said that a “moderate use of force” would be used to clear out these types of protests, but would only be used as a “last resort.”
In Mexico, common protest tactics include shutting down major highways or staging protest camps in front of government offices.
Before Sunday's events, hundreds of academic, religious, popular, student, human and social rights organizations around the world signed a document Friday that condemned the “brutal repression” exerted by the Mexican government against teachers who reject the education reform by President Enrique Peña Nieto.
Peña Nieto unveiled an education reform in 2013 as part of a set of 11 neoliberal reforms implemented in their first 20 months of power.
The controversial law imposes teacher evaluations in order to determine which applicants will be chosen to fill open posts in the public school system nationwide. Critics say the testing only justifies mass layoffs and does not effectively measure teaching skills, like the special knowledge and demeanor needed to teach in rural areas and Indigenous communities.
Officials from five countries including Canada have agreed to "engagement" with communication-service providers on the use of encryption among terrorists and other criminals – which Canadian law enforcement and government agencies have described as an impediment to investigations.
Security and justice officials from Canada, the United States, Britain, Australia and New Zealand – known as the Five Eyes – gathered in Ottawa this week to discuss national-security challenges, including the use of encryption applications such as WhatsApp and Signal by extremists to hide their electronic communications.
"Ministers and Attorneys-General also noted that encryption can severely undermine public safety efforts by impeding lawful access to the content of communications during investigations into serious crimes, including terrorism. To address these issues, we committed to develop our engagement with communications and technology companies to explore shared solutions while upholding cybersecurity and individual rights and freedoms," read a joint communiqué released by the Five Eyes on Wednesday.
Story continues below advertisement
Opinion: The battle over encryption and what it means for our privacy
The Five Eyes did not expand on what it means by "engagement" and what possible shared solutions would be.
The alliance is looking at whether security agencies should be able to lawfully access encrypted communications during investigations into serious crimes.
Companies in Five Eyes countries are not required by law to hold decryption "keys" that unscramble encrypted communications, such as text messages, and when they do not, it's impossible for them to provide government or law-enforcement agencies with data.
For instance, the RCMP were unable to read Islamic State supporter Aaron Driver's encrypted messages with two well-known members of the terrorist group; Mr. Driver was shot dead during a raid led by the Mounties in August, 2016. While Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale has acknowledged the significant obstacles encryption presents for Canadian law enforcement and national-security agencies, they said the technology is essential for the growth of Canada's digital economy and the safeguarding of cybersecurity and online privacy.
On the other hand, British Prime Minister Theresa May and French President Emmanuel Macron recently called for greater access to encrypted communications as a part of their counterterrorism joint action plan. The plan was announced June 13, after a string of terrorist attacks in Britain and France.
Australian Attorney-General George Brandis led the calls for new limitations on encryption for messaging applications heading into the Five Eyes meeting on Monday and Tuesday. Speaking to Australian Broadcasting Corporation Radio National after the meeting in Ottawa, Mr. Brandis said the Five Eyes will engage with Internet service providers and device makers to develop a "series of protocols as to the circumstances to which they will be able to provide voluntary assistance to law enforcement."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Wesley Wark, a national-security expert at the University of Ottawa, said the Five Eyes are handing off responsibility to the private sector.
"They're increasingly moving from a legal instrument to enforce some solution or another to a softer regulatory matter and partnerships with the private sector to see if some kind of understanding can be arrived at about how to deal with that very narrow band of communication that might be of concern to national-security communities," Dr. Wark said.
They suspect the Five Eyes will not go as far as requiring companies to hold decryption keys, but rather agree among themselves to develop capabilities to decrypt certain types of information upon request and under legal authority. But Dr. Wark says one thing is for sure: The companies, many of which work internationally, will not be open to legislative requirements from governments.
Human Rights Watch executive director Kenneth Roth said a crackdown on encryption threatens the privacy rights of individuals. "Law-enforcement and intelligence agencies are going to have to learn to live with encryption, just as they've had to learn to live with other tools that the public uses to preserve its privacy, whether whispering or closing the blinds – the many practical things that people have done for eons to guard against snooping."
Signal, developed by Open Whisper Systems, and WhatsApp did not reply to The Globe and Mail's request for comment on Wednesday.
The Five Eyes also committed to supporting a new industry forum led by Google, Facebook, Microsoft and Twitter to address terrorist use of the Internet.
I spent most of my labor day weekend experimenting with ClojureScript. The last time I took a serious look at ClojureScript was about 18 months ago, and the language and its ecosystem have unquestionably come a long way. There are some really, really cool projects being worked on - Figwheel automagically recompiling and pushing updated client-side code to the browser on write and some of the workaround maintaining global app state come to mind.
At the same time, there remains much about where ClojureScript currently finds itself that I find deeply, deeply frustrating.
This post is a documentation of some of my frustrations. My hope is that perhaps some of those of you reading this will have enough expertise in the matter at hand to show me that my frustrations are misdirected. Failing that, perhaps this post will serve as an inspiration to address some of the problems I've encountered.
Compilation Issues
I encountered an extremely irritating issue with the ClojureScript compilation step of my project's Uberjar compilation, wherein cljsbuild wouldn't re-compile my ClojureScript even though my project's :uberjar profile included a number of different compilation options. Critically, this resulted in shipping development JS (i.e., figwheel websocket connection logic) in the uberjar's javascript, with no clear way of avoiding the problem outside of manually deleting the file in question prior to attempting to compile the uberjar (which does work).
In many ways this first issue is the most damning of all of these, because it's the sort of thing that should have been resolved by now. Failures in really basic use cases of your build system are a very bad sign.
Lack of Templating Support
This is an ecosystem issue: I find it very irritating that there isn't greater flexibility in templating languages for use with ClojureScript currently.
That is to say: most of the libraries in the ClojureScript ecosystem expect you to use their custom DSL for rendering DOM elements. For instance, Om has om.dom , Reagent has a Hiccup-style templating structure, etc. To be sure, in these cases this emerges as a function of the need to work with React, which means less interaction with traditional client-side templating languages like Jade.
Even still: there exist libraries like sablono and kioo that provide convenient template intermediation via Clojure-familiar enlive or hiccup-style data structures, but if I wanted to keep my templating logic apart from my application logic there's still little support for that.
Maybe I'm crazy for wanting to have a _partial.jade that compiles to enlive data structures that I pass to Om and populate with my application data, but some part of me thinks that sounds like a better separation of concerns than the way things currently stand.
The Figwheel REPL
Let's get one thing out of the way first: Figwheel is totally awesome. The entire reason I chose to spend my weekend fiddling in ClojureScript was that I found myself last week having dinner with Daniel Woelfel and they told me that Figwheel (which didn't exist back when I was first fiddling with ClojureScript) had made the experience radically better. They were right - Figwheel is great. All the same, there are no sacred cows in this post.
In general, the Figwheel REPL is a big improvement over past ClojureScript REPLs, which were prone to hanging irrevocably. However, it has a number of attributes that remain frustrating, including the following:
Lack of tab-completion
Keyboard interrupts kill the entire REPL (and thus the entire Figwheel process), though in a normal Leiningen REPL a keyboard interrupt can be used to just clear the current REPL input and get to a new input line
Lack of normal readline support unless invoked with rlwrap, e.g. rlwrap lein figwheel
I am also sad that it doesn't provide a convenient way for me to inject middleware into the ClojureScript REPL process, which would enable me to do things like syntax highlighting, etc.
Documentation Re: Server-Client Paradigm
I encountered an almost total lack of documentation and examples for realistic client-server applications. Most behaved as if either (a) you were expecting to write both client and server code in compiled ClojureScript, or failing that (b) you had little to no intention of interacting with a server whatsoever.
There is some really fascinating thinking going on in the industry at the moment around abstracting away from REST as a particular implementation of client-server relationships. Netflix' Falcor and Facebook's GraphQL start to get us to a place in which you don't necessarily have to care about including RESTful client-side examples. Similarly, the DataScript ethos of "load our application state once, then deal with it all client-side" is similarly intriguing for a surprisingly large range of use cases.
Even so, I think it's naive to presume that we're at the point where we can act like the server doesn't exist. If you're working in ClojureScript today, please include in your documentation examples that show me how I can write clients that are good actors in a modern client-server world. Don't make me have to figure this stuff out for myself.
Vim / REPL Blues
I'm always going to be in the minority as a Lisp/Clojure person working in Vim. All the same, it sucks to see really second/third-class support between ClojureScript, the Clojure REPL, and Vim. Especially when Figwheel's involved, the whole thing becomes a mess quickly:
Add a :nrepl-port option to your :figwheel key in project.clj
option to your key in But wait! Figwheel doesn't handle creation/deletion of an .nrepl-port file the way Lein does, so now you need to create it yourself since otherwise you'll be manually :Connect -ing from Vim.
file the way Lein does, so now you need to create it yourself since otherwise you'll be manually -ing from Vim. Okay, cool. Well now reloading Clojure files work when you're running Figwheel.
But not ClojureScript. No, for that you'll need to install Austin.
Or is it Piggieback?
And then you do what to configure it? You need to run a manually patched version of vim-fireplace ? Add some extra lines to your .vimrc ?
? Add some extra lines to your ? Why isn't there a single straight answer for this?
And why doesn't vim-fireplace just support this out of the box again?
On some level these complaints seem a little superfluous when all of your client and server code is configured to automatically hot-reload (either by pushing the client-side code to the browser or automatically reloading the server-side namespaces with each request). Even so, it's a real pain in the ass when you're a highly interactive developer and you value the power of being able to work from REPL.
Chestnut: Template v. Plugin
I have a lot of appreciation for the creators and maintainers of Chestnut for providing an excellent scaffolding upon which to build a ClojureScript application. However, I can't say that I'm a fan of the greater pattern of providing templates over plugins. It punishes those who might already have a significant Clojure application and are interested in migrating to a ClojureScript frontend for by forcing them to manually merge the two codebases, and also forcing them to add a considerable amount of configuration boilerplate to their project.clj
To that last point, this is the basic project.clj for a new Chestnut app:
(defproject derp "0.1.0-SNAPSHOT" :description "FIXME: write description" :url "http://example.com/FIXME" :license {:name "Eclipse Public License" :url "http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html"} :source-paths ["src/clj"] :test-paths ["test/clj"] :dependencies [[org.clojure/clojure "1.6.0"] [org.clojure/clojurescript "0.0-3058" :scope "provided"] [ring "1.3.2"] [ring/ring-defaults "0.1.4"] [compojure "1.3.2"] [enlive "1.1.6"] [org.omcljs/om "0.8.8"] [environ "1.0.0"]] :plugins [[lein-cljsbuild "1.0.5"] [lein-environ "1.0.0"]] :min-lein-version "2.5.0" :uberjar-name "derp.jar" :cljsbuild {:builds {:app {:source-paths ["src/cljs"] :compiler {:output-to "resources/public/js/app.js" :output-dir "resources/public/js/out" :source-map "resources/public/js/out.js.map" :preamble ["react/react.min.js"] :optimizations :none :pretty-print true}}}} :profiles {:dev {:source-paths ["env/dev/clj"] :test-paths ["test/clj"] :dependencies [[figwheel "0.2.5"] [figwheel-sidecar "0.2.5"] [com.cemerick/piggieback "0.1.5"] [weasel "0.6.0"]] :repl-options {:init-ns derp.server :nrepl-middleware [cemerick.piggieback/wrap-cljs-repl]} :plugins [[lein-figwheel "0.2.5"]] :figwheel {:http-server-root "public" :server-port 3449 :css-dirs ["resources/public/css"] :ring-handler derp.server/http-handler} :env {:is-dev true} :cljsbuild {:test-commands { "test" ["phantomjs" "env/test/js/unit-test.js" "env/test/unit-test.html"] } :builds {:app {:source-paths ["env/dev/cljs"]} :test {:source-paths ["src/cljs" "test/cljs"] :compiler {:output-to "resources/public/js/app_test.js" :output-dir "resources/public/js/test" :source-map "resources/public/js/test.js.map" :preamble ["react/react.min.js"] :optimizations :whitespace :pretty-print false}}}}} :uberjar {:source-paths ["env/prod/clj"] :hooks [leiningen.cljsbuild] :env {:production true} :omit-source true :aot :all :main derp.server :cljsbuild {:builds {:app {:source-paths ["env/prod/cljs"] :compiler {:optimizations :advanced :pretty-print false}}}}}})
Doesn't that seem like a lot of new configuration to you? Not to mention the fact that you now have all of this weird additional source code in your application in weird places ( env/dev , env/test , env/prod ).
My strong opinions on this subject are the result of having gone down this path before - it was the whole reason I wrote Ultra, after all. To quote myself:
...or, why didn't you just put all of this stuff in your ~/.lein/profiles.clj?
In short, my :user profile was starting to become bloated. It was difficult to tell whether plugins were interfering with each other, and my :injections key in particular was starting to look a little unwieldy.
At some point I realized I was up to my neck in alligators and that it was time to push things into a standalone repository.
I think that Chestnut, and the ClojureScript community at large, could really benefit from a single Leiningen plugin that just handles all of this stuff for you and provides simple, sane, obvious defaults, that you have the power to overwrite yourself in your project.clj, if you find you need to. Adding ~55 new lines to my project.clj just to handle the base ClojureScript development case sucks.
Om Boilerplate
I'm going to spend the least amount of time on this, because David Nolen's most recent talk at EuroClojure made clear that a much more syntactically beautiful version of Om is forthcoming, but suffice it to say that it amazes me that the library has accomplished the adoption it has in spite of its incredible verbosity in a community and a language that prides itself on taking simplicity and elegance so seriously.
JavaScript Interop
This is another area I'm going to be a little light on, but only because I read the relevant section on the ClojureScript wiki and then promptly decided that was too much of an immense hassle to be worth dealing with. Seriously, take a look at that Wiki page and tell me that's not incredibly hostile to someone new to the language ecosystem. I don't want to have to write a custom externs file for every JavaScript dependency I'm interested in consuming.
Fortunately, there's some really good work being done on this by Cljsjs, but I worry it's too much of a nascent project and/or that long-term maintenance may prove to be too much of an issue. In either case, it's not an immediate panacea to one's desire to use a more obscure JS library. In my mind, first-class support for other JS libraries in the same style as Clojure's first-class Java interoperability are absolutely critical to the long-term success of the language.
Conclusion
I'm not a big fan of being someone with a negative voice in a larger ecosystem (particularly one I happen to love so dearly), but I've found my experiences with ClojureScript to be deeply frustrating so far. It's particularly upsetting, I think, because I see some really incredible ideas at work - Clojure macros available to the client-side, bidirectional routing, tight integration with immutable frontend frameworks (with only a short hop to iOS and Android deployment via React Native!), better application state management, and generally some really fascinating potential work with websockets.
But with the current state of things, I'm not sure I can justify the frustration.
If you disagree, have feedback, or can show me what I'm doing wrong, hit me up on Twitter: @venantius.
~ V
Discuss this post on Hacker News
Special thanks to Daniel Woelfel and Harry Wolff for reading an early draft of this post and in more than one case for showing me the error of my ways.
Australian prime minister Malcolm Turnbull impersonated Donald Trump during a light-hearted speech delivered at the annual Mid-Winter Ball in Canberra. Leaked audio from the event reveals the PM poking fun at their meeting with the US president in New York last month. Following is a transcript of the audio.
TURNBULL:"The Donald and I ... we are winning and winning in the polls. We are winning so much We are winning like we have never done before. We are winning in the polls. We are. Not the fake polls. Not the fake polls. They're the ones we are not winning in. We are winning in the real polls. You know the online polls. They are so easy to win. I know that, do you know that? I kind of know that. They are so easy to win. I have this Russian guy ..."
CLOSE Corina, 6, was given a special gift when their mom noticed they were self-conscious of their birthmarks. HUMANKIND
Corina is excited to have a doll that looks just like them (Photo11: Caters News)
CEDWAR CITY, Utah — Corina, 6, was born in China with a condition that caused birthmarks on their body and face. A few months after they were born, they were given up for adoption.
When Corina was three, they were adopted by Kirsten and Kent Murdoch residents of Utah.
The parents were thrilled to have the little girl in their lives, but mom soon noticed that Corina would cover their face whenever people would look at them And as they grew older and aware of their appearance, Corina would often ask if they were “beautiful.”
“We explained that it's no different to mommy's freckles,” Kirsten explains.
But Corina was still self-conscious, so mom started looking around for solutions. They soon came across a company which creates dolls that have the same qualities as the children that they're created for.
Kirsten purchased a doll for their daughter, who was instantly in love. The doll, named Kukala, has birthmarks identical to Corina's.
Corina adores Kukala. They do their hair, paints their nails, and even sings to them Corina also regularly tells Kukala that they love them
“Now we're seeing the therapeutic effects of how much it means to have a doll that looks just like her,” Kirsten says. “We hope it's helping them to love their birthmark and realize that it makes them beautiful just like their doll.”
***
For more stories like this, like Humankind on Facebook.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2hZtXR1
There isn't much to add here, so this may be my shortest piece ever. But I thought it was worth pointing out that Ava DuVernay's Selma earned $5 million on Monday. Monday of course was Martin Luther King Day and so it's somewhat fitting that the critically-acclaimed biopic earned more money on Monday than in any other day thus far in wide release. The Paramount/Viacom Inc. picture of course concerns the march from Selma to Montgomery in 1965 that led to the passage of the Voting Rights Act, and it has been much discussed over the last month.
First it was greeted by rave reviews that presumed (hoped?) that the picture would be a major Oscar contender, then it was dissected over claims of historical inaccuracy over its depiction of the relationship between Dr. King (David Oyelowo) and President Lyndon B. Johnson (Tom Wilkinson), and now it is unfortunately being discussed in relation to its almost complete-absence in the Oscar race save for Best Song and a slot among the eight Best Picture candidates. But some have argued that the film is in a box office "death spiral," it is far-from-dead and has amassed $31.5 million thus far after eleven days of wide release.
The sad irony of a weekend dedicated to a black man who preached non violence and created great social change through pacifism being dominated by a movie about a white guy who (at least in the movie, final ten minutes notwithstanding) is most noteworthy for their record-breaking body count on a battlefield is not lost on me. While American Sniper (a movie that mostly works as an action drama even as it hints at a far more potent film in its last reel) will get most of the attention over the next week or so, and with good reason, there is enough room to talk about more than one movie at a time.
Point being, Selma is still in theaters, it's still the best movie currently in theaters, and it still deserves to be remembered more for its artistic triumph than for its hand-wringing over would-be inaccuracies, especially in a week where fictionalized biopics about heroic/interesting white guys dominated the Oscars and the box office. I have no idea where Selma will end at the worldwide box office, if only because its overseas potential is a complete mystery at this point. As far as domestic potential, it all comes down to this weekend. On the plus side, and this is as much about the front-loaded nature of box office in 2015, but if it plays exactly like Malcolm X ($26m after ten days of national release, $48m total), it gets to $50m, with the added "MLK Day boost" tossed in to allow the film to flirt with $55m.
That's pretty solid for a $20m drama that, in this insanely divided nation, turns off a large chunk of the populace. That in itself is pretty insane, as there is frankly nothing objectively controversial in Selma for those who don't already believe that the Civil Rights movement was a moral necessity and a relative success in passive resistance for the sake of social change. But that's a conversation for another day, one that points to how the great films of the past would never survive today's Internet Outrage Culture. But for the record, Selma earned $5 million this past Martin Luther King Day. I thought someone ought to tell you about it. And if you haven't seen the film yet, please check it out. It's not only an important picture, it's also a terrific film.
Hungarian leader Viktor Orban attacked EU migrant quotas and pledged to protect Poland from EU sanctions in Warsaw on Friday (22 September).
"We don't want a mixed population, as it is being created in countries to the west of us. We want other solutions, so please respect that," they said.
With Muslims accounting for most EU asylum seekers, they said they did not want to see "the Christian element constantly decreasing" in Europe.
"We accept that some [EU] states have become immigrant states. We don't want to be like that and we want them to accept it, but they want us to become like them," Orban said.
Orban spoke on an official visit to Poland, where they met Polish prime minister Beata Szydlo, president Andrzej Duda, and the head of the ruling Law and Justice party (PiS), Jaroslaw Kaczynski.
The European Commission has threatened to fine Hungary and Poland for defying EU votes and court rulings on taking asylum seekers from Greece and Italy.
But Poland's Szydlo attacked the migrant quotas the same way Orban did.
"The path our governments chose on the matter of illegal immigration turned out to be right … the main basis of our actions has to be the security of our citizens," they said.
The Commission has also threatened to impose sanctions on Poland due the PiS party's attempt to take control of Polish courts.
But Orban pledged to block any such measures, alluding to EU rules that required unanimity to go ahead.
"I think that the EU criticisms on violation of rule of law in Poland are unfounded," they said.
"It sounds like some kind of inquisition. Hungary will never agree to that," they said.
They said the Commission's procedure against Poland was a "political mistake" and that it had "treated Poland with lack of respect".
They also said the migrant quotas and the Polish judicial dispute were part of a bigger battle over the balance of power in the EU.
"We're saying: 'Less Brussels, more member states'. That's how we want to see Europe in the coming decades. Our standpoint is the reason why someone has taken aim at Poland and launched political attacks," Orban said.
Szydlo said the Commission "often exceeds its powers and is guided by political, not factual, motives".
"Bullying will get us nowhere," they said.
They added that Hungary and Poland were taking a joint position on France's proposal to limit the rights of foreign posted workers in the EU.
They said the transport sector should stay out of the reforms so that Hungarian and Polish road hauliers would not be affected.
Orban celebrated Hungarian-Polish relations by praising PiS in glowing words.
"If we look at Poland's economic, cultural, scientific achievements, we can say Poland is the machine driving the union," they said.
There was little information about Orban's meeting with Kaczynski, who is widely seen as the power behind the throne in Poland.
The special relationship between Hungary and Poland began when the two right-wing politicians first met face-to-face in January last year.
Text with 17 notes
Looks like people in Japan are hopelessly romantic. Another anime/manga survey conducted by MyNavi went out to fans and asked what manga moments they wanted to experience. Both men and women wanted to experience an unexpected kiss from a member of the opposite sex more highly than any other manga moment. I guess power-ups don't mean jack if you can't get a significant other with them in the end, eh?
Of course, in reality, the journey to gaining a kiss is a tough one and can lead to heartbreak (or a beating/restraining order). Hearing things like this makes me wonder if some Japanese folks are a bit too caught up with fantasies because of harsh reality. One has to wonder if they don't set themselves up with high expectations, then maybe reality wouldn't sound so bad for them. Though some Japanese would argue that “real” romance is dead in Japan.
What I'm trying to say is that if anyone touches your heart, it's worth looking into. It is fun to dream about pretty boys and girls giving you a surprise kiss though….
AFL PLAYERS' Association boss Matt Finnis has been appointed chief executive of St Kilda.There had been much speculation in recent days over whether Finnis would accept the position, and after a long period of negotiation the man who has headed the AFLPA since taking over from Brendon Gale in 2009 has decided to make the move.Finnis is expected to start their new role in April once the review of equalisation policies and player payments is finished."It has been an absolute privilege to serve the players, who are not just elite professional athletes but fine young men," Finnis said on Tuesday."The focus of the Players' Association has been to champion the interests of the players and the game."This has not always been easy, popular or without conflict but hopefully people will respect the association for the manner it represents its members, always with the long-term best interests of the game at heart."I have had the opportunity to work with the leaders of this generation of players – people like Brendon Gale, Peter Bell, Joel Bowden, Brett Burton, Luke Power, Adam Goodes, Luke Ball and Matthew Pavlich and many others who have been committed to enhancing the lives of players and growing the game."AFLPA president Luke Ball said the board accepted the resignation of Finnis with sadness."But we are also proud that the leaders of the PA consistently move on to leadership positions within the industry."Matt's contribution to the association over nine years of service has delivered a great legacy, and present and future players will benefit from their work."St Kilda had been searching for a new CEO since Michael Nettlefold announced they were stepping down in September last year.The club's chief operating officer, Terry Dillon, has been serving as acting chief executive during the search for Nettlefold's replacement.President Peter Summers said Finnis impressed the club board from day one of the recruitment process."He is a highly respected figure in the football industry and brings the skill set the club was looking for in its new CEO," Summers said."Matt is a person of great integrity and professionalism and they have helped build the Players' Association into a financially strong and powerful organisation."The calibre of the candidates was of the highest quality and it took a lengthy and rigorous process to reach our final outcome."A lawyer by profession, Finnis is taking one of the toughest jobs in the game.The Saints are battling to build their revenue in the face of poor returns from matches at Etihad Stadium.Making matters worse, they are set to struggle on the field for the next couple of seasons while they rebuild their list under new coach Alan Richardson.At the same time, tensions continue to simmer over the club's decision to leave its old home ground at Moorabbin and establish a training base at Seaford.Finnis lives in the bayside suburb Beaumaris, which is not far from Seaford and is considered part of St Kilda's heartland.General manager of player relations Ian Prendergast is seen as a likely replacement as AFLPA chief, while Joel Bowden has reportedly expressed interest in returning to the Players' Association.Bowden, who was president of the AFLPA until their retirement in 2009, joined the AFL in 2012 as game analysis manager and will sit on the Match Review Panel this season.Twitter: @AFL_AdamMcNicol
From the very moment that Tom Gaglardi was officially announced as the new owner of the Dallas Stars the big question has been "how much is they going to be willing to spend on the roster?" For the past few seasons the Dallas Stars have had one of the lowest payrolls in the NHL, forced to cut back on spending when Tom Hicks found financial trouble between their three sports franchises.
Hicks famously said a few years ago that freely spending on hockey in Texas was a losing model and whoever was going to become the new owner would learn this right away. What was interesting was the Stars had been a high-spending team through the 1990s and into the 2000s; it wasn't until Hicks Sports Group entered into financial trouble that freely-spending became an issue.
It was known that whoever did come in to own the team would be facing a significant financial loss almost immediately, and likely through the first few years as the franchise fought to get back on track. It was estimated that the Stars were looking at a $30 million loss for the 2011-12 season and likely that same figure exists for the 2012-13 season as well. This was one of the reasons that Chuck Greenberg passed on making a bid on the team in bankruptcy court.
This is why fans were skeptical about what Gaglardi would be willing to spend, especially considering the Stars needs. When Gaglardi purchased the Stars they told the local media that they make their money elsewhere and that they bought the Stars to win, intimating that he's not going to be as frugal as many fans feared. Now that the Stars are gearing up for the first big free agency period in a few years for the team, those questions are being raised again: just how much are the Stars willing and able to spend?
"We are kind of without budget," says Dallas Stars CEO & President Jim Lites. "As crazy as that sounds. We're restricted really only by the CBA and the need to fit short and long term inside that structure, which is a little bit up in the air."
This can't be true. Let's take a closer look at Lites' and Gaglardi's comments from last week about the budget for this summer and more importantly -- what they feel are the needs of the team moving forward.
Tom Gaglardi was in town last week to meet with the front office and discuss the strategy of the team moving forward and while they were in town, they and Jim Lites took to the airwaves in separate interviews to let fans know that the Dallas Stars are going to be aggressive in attempting to improve the team. Aggressive, yet smart.
"[Gaglardi] is prepared to spend what we need to spend, but it's got to be spent wisely in anticipation of changes to the system," Lites told Norm Hitzges on Sports Radio 1310 The Ticket last week.
The CBA is going to be interesting factor in all this, as the Stars are in perfect position to take advantage of teams facing cap uncertainty moving forward. The Stars, while also willing to spend as needed, will have to be careful to not overspend and to maintain their ability to remain flexible under the salary cap -- whatever that figure may be next season.
The talk about being able to spend led to discussion about what the specific needs of the team are and it's very clear that everyone is on the same page: the Stars need two top six forwards and a top pairing defenseman.
"I'll tell you the perception of our team is that we feel we need two top-six forwards," said Lites. "We need two top-six forwards. We need to add two in our current set, or create them from the minor league system. We have candidates for that but it's a little early... you cannot assume that you're going to get there with the people that we have that our now coming into the system."
The Stars were obviously lacking in overall top-end talent last season and it showed as the season progressed. Despite an incredible run across February and March that put the Stars into first place in the division for an extended period of time, the Stars stumbled down the stretch as more-talented and better balanced teams overwhelmed them when the games mattered most.
This lack of talent also showed up on the power play, one of the worst the NHL has ever seen. The Stars came close to doing the unexpected with a roster that was severely lacking in several areas, and the inability to put a truly balanced roster on the ice is what ultimately hurt the Stars the most. At times this season the Stars had Tom Wandell, Adam Burish, Tomas Vincour, Eric Nystrom and Vernon Fiddler all playing significant minutes on the top two lines and Steve Ott spent most of the season as a top-six forward.
"We like the way our bottom six forwards look out of what we have and what we can put together," said Lites. "It might mean taking a player or two that played up in the top six down. Steve Ott, for instance, that kind of player, and better define their role - and keep working it."
It was apparent that the Stars lacked depth and balance and taking players out of their comfort zone hurt the team. It's interesting to see Lites bring up Ott, as they have been the focus of most of the conversations regarding players that should be in a different role next season. Ott actually had a career year in 2011-12 but it's apparent their strengths are best utilized in a checking/third line role -- being able to move Ott down would allow for better balance across all four lines.
There's also the issue of centers and the severe lack of depth at the position, not just at the NHL level but throughout the system as a whole. The Stars are playing Jamie Benn at center when ideally he'd be an offensive powerhouse from the wing. The issue of the center position came up, with Gaglardi saying that the draft is where the Stars need to address this particular need.
"There's not enough good centers for the league," Gaglardi told BAD Radio on The Ticket. "In Dallas we'd like to get deeper in that regard. That's something that yesterday I let my feelings be known to our staff that I would like to pursue some centers in the draft. They're tough to get. The good centers go early. I think at 13 we're going to have a shot to get ourselves an excellent center, but at the same time too, if there's an excellent defenseman, we've got our eyes on a couple of guys, if they slide to 13.... I think our focus this year is going to be a center or a great high-end defenseman."
Obviously, the decision to grab a defensman or center is going to be an interesting one -- especially considering how big of a need the center position is. Lites and Gaglardi, however, made a big deal out of the need to address the defensive side as well.
"We think we need to add two top-six defensemen and we probably need, in a perfect world you need a number one defenseman," said Lites. "I think that's pretty fair to say. So we need three high-end pieces to make ourselves true Stanley Cup Champions."
Gaglardi would echo that sentiment.
"There are 30 teams in the league," said the Stars owner. "Maybe 15 have that number one defenseman. So they're hard to come by. Unless you're drafting in that top three or four you can't find those guys. So you've got free agency, you've got trades - Well those guys never get traded."
"We don't have that player in Dallas right now," Gaglardi continued. "We don't have the Zubov. We've never really replaced that guy. It would be great to have that guy. At 13 I don't know that we're going to get that guy."
What's interesting about these statements is how the Stars have focused so heavily on defense the last two drafts, with Patrik Nemeth and Jamie Oleksiak both representing intriguing options as possible future top-pairing defensemen for the Stars. The Stars selected Oleksiak at #14 last summer and while he's developed into one of the top defensemen in the OHL, they still have to make the jump to the AHL this next season and isn't expected to push for the NHL until 2013.
Oleksiak and Nemeth are both defensive-minded players as well, with Oleksiak just recently starting to show their offensive potential. The Stars desperately need, like so many other teams, that high-scoring top defenseman that teams so highly covet. It's unlikely the Stars can find that player at #13 this summer, as Gaglardi points out -- do they feel the Stars already possess that player in the system?
"Do we have a guy in Oleksiak that can do that? If they turn into a Chara type player, then probably," said Gaglardi. "He's within a half-inch of Chara in height now and I think their stick is an inch longer. He's gotta add the meanness that Chara brings, but that's an interesting guy."
Oleksiak has a long ways to go before he's Zdeno Chara and the Stars know that. The Stars also know that getting that big defensemen in the middle of the first round is possible, but that the truly special players are in the top of the first round.
So that leaves free agency and possibly trades. Going after those types of players can become exceptionally expensive but the Stars appear ready to make that commitment -- if it's done smartly.
The Stars appear prepared to explore any and all options. For Dallas Stars fans, that's all anyone has really wanted the past four years, anyway.
The Astros have a 14-game lead in the AL West. They've lost 16 games this season, and the next closest team to them has 30 losses. They've scored 106 more runs than they've allowed, and they have the best record in baseball.
It's possible, if not likely, that the Astros are the best team in baseball.
Marc Normandin has already talked about the infamous Sports Illustrated cover, but I want to bring it up one more time. Back in 2014 — like, they had Playstation 4s and everything back then — it was considered hilarious for a magazine to suggest that the Astros would win the World Series in four seasons. They were butt-slide bad, and I had to write a response to the article that took a brave stance of “Hold on, it might not be such a wild idea.” It would have been imprudent not to hedge your bets after 324 losses from the Astros over the previous three seasons.
My thesis today is that the Astros might be better than they've been so far this season.
It's nearly impossible to improve on a .724 winning percentage, so I'm not going to argue that this is a true .800-winning percentage team. I think it's likely they will win fewer than three-quarters of their remaining games. So I'm using rhetorical chicanery to suggest the Astros might be better. When that definition of “better” translates roughly to “but they'll start losing more games,” you can take it with a grain of salt.
But when I'm confronted with a surprising team — either a surprise contender, or an expected contender that's blowing away the rest of the competition — I like to play a game called Should They Be Doing This? It's fun for the whole family. Minutes to learn, lifetime to master. It goes like this:
Look at the players on the roster and pick out the ones who surprise you.
Tally them up and you'll have a good idea if the team is something of a mirage. When the Twins go on a winning stretch on the back of Miguel Sano's bat, for example, that makes sense. When they do the same because no one can score runs off Eric Hacker, perhaps you should reserve a little skepticism. That sort of thing.
For the Astros, you can break them down thusly:
The players who are performing much better than expectations
Marwin Gonzalez is eating locks of Ben Zobrist's hair. It's the only explanation. Unless they severed Lance Berkman's arms and ground up their bones to make a medicinal powder. If neither of those are the case, I have several other theories that get much darker.
After three years of a sub-.300 OBP and a 90 OPS+, I refuse to believe that the 28-year-old Gonzalez is a superweapon now. While it's noteworthy that he's three walks away from their career high -- in 355 fewer plate appearances compared to last season — and the change in their approach could explain a lot, I'll err on the side of the previous five seasons.
Dallas Keuchel is outstanding. He's probably not Clayton Kershaw, though, and the ERA will eventually get over 2.00.
Jake Marisnick is like a secret 30-homer player off the bench, but he'll regress.
Uh, I guess Brad Peacock is a thing. And, really, the entire bullpen is filled with weirdos and ne'er-do-wells who can strike the world out, which I wasn't expecting, at least not to this degree.
But that can't be the end of this section, can it? For a team to go 42-16, they have to be filled with surprises and flukes, right?
That can't be the end of this section. Because the next section goes like ...
The players who are performing much worse than expectations
Yulieski Gurriel has a .303 OBP and 100 OPS+, which isn't what a team should want from its first baseman. Their plate discipline is a concern, and he's not making up for it with their average, power, speed, or defense. He's 33 and close to replacement level, according to Baseball-Reference.com.
Norichika Aoki's career OBP, by year:
.355 (2012)
.356 (2013)
.349 (2014)
.353 (2015)
.349 (2016)
This year's .308 OBP is something of a disappointment, then. Or a cosmic disturbance.
I'm not sure how much the Astros were really expecting from a 40-year-old Carlos Beltran — slightly less than they got in 2004, perhaps — but their average, OBP, and power are all down substantially. It's not like they moved from Yankee Stadium to AT&T Park, so the age gremlins might have gotten him.
Alex Bregman has not taken the world by storm like Kris Bryant.
Charlie Morton has been OK, but not great. Mike Fiers is broken, perhaps, and the entire rotation behind Keuchel and McCullers has been underwhelming, at best.
It's not an extensive list of disappointing players. But for a team that's winning nearly three out of every four games, it's still telling that over a quarter of their roster has been a disappointment, including four projected lineup cogs.
The players who are performing about as well as expected
The rest of them? Jose Altuve is incredible. Carlos Correa is incredible. George Springer is incredible. Brian McCann and Evan Gattis complement each other extraordinarily well. Josh Reddick is just OK, but that's been their thing for a while.
It's not like there's a player on an 80-homer pace. It's not like Altuve is hitting .440, which would be absurd, even for him. These are quality players providing quality production.
And with all that written, it's time to get to the part where the Astros can get better. Not in a .800 winning percentage sense, but in terms of building a quality team with less of the postseason left to chance.
The trade deadline. All of those problems will either be fixed or the Astros will be open to fixing them. Have problems with the back of the rotation, still? Here's Jose Quintana. Or Johnny Cueto. Or Quintana and Cueto. Is Beltran still disappointing? Here's Yonder Alonso, who is like the Marwin Gonzalez of first base. There are so many different ways the Astros can go.
Please, hold your Carlos Gomez heckling until the end. We're almost done.
There are so many different ways the Astros can go, and while it's unlikely that the Astros will start winning more games, or even maintain their current pace, they'll have opportunities to improve their assembled talent and become even scarier.
A scarier Astros team isn't anything the American League needs right now. But it's probably coming. Just don't think about how their keystone combination is still impossibly young and otherworldly and how they'll be around for the better part of the decade, because that's extra scary, too.
It was just a couple years ago that the thought of the 2017 Astros made the internet heckle a poor, defenseless magazine. Look at them now. They're the best team in baseball, and they have a shot to get better.
I am not here to apologize or pardon myself. Instead I'm here to let you know what has bothered a lot of people for over two years: why I played “Free Bird” at the burning of the Temple of Juno.
In their wonderfully written essay, “Building the Temple”, John “Moze” Mosbaugh explains just how seriously Burning Man takes the Temple. Moze states that there is a “sacredness, solemnity, a sense of remembrance, grief and renewal.” This is an essential juxtaposition to the high intensity of the rest of Black Rock City, providing an “emotional nexus” as Temple creator David Best called it.
When I first stepped foot into the Temple of Flux in 2010, I was floored by the energy washing over me. Never, even at a funeral, had I ever felt that magnitude of emotion. The power of the space is very real. Many Burners have arrived at the thought that the Temple should always be a quiet space for remembrance, celebration and contemplation of life and death. I'm totally supportive of that idea. But I want to explain that it wasn't just a “Play some Skynyrd!” moment that propelled me to blast “Free Bird” during the 2012 Temple burn.
It was more than that.
The Department of Public Works (DPW)
If you aren't totally new at this, you probably already have an opinion about the Department of Public Works. There are many such opinions. Regardless of what yours is, you know these motherfuckers WORK. DPW formed in '98 and have been busting ass since. A lot of them spend half the year making sure this thing goes off without a hitch. They live and breathe playa dust. I personally know quite a few of them and have tremendous respect for the work they put in so we can all enjoy the city we love for a week. They sometimes get a reputation for being intimidating, especially if you're a sparklepony, but these kick-ass men and women deserve nothing but praise for what they do.
This brings me to Joseph “Jello” Carroll. Joey was a member of DPW known for pushing others to “take stock and try to be better people.” “Never Betray” was the man's motto, which was emblazoned in ink on their neck, but backwards, so that while looking in a mirror, they reminded themselves to always be true to their moral standards. This man is part of the reason Burning Man is what it is today.
Their hard work and dedication resonated with me, even through I never met them before their tragic passing due to a hit-and-run before the event in 2012. I have a friend who was friends with Joey and was distraught about the situation, which lead me to realize how important one person can be to so many, even without them knowing the person. This friend of mine happens to be a member of DPW as well. On the night of the Temple burn, this friend came to me with a proposition: Would I honor Joey by running the mixer on the back of a DPW truck with a single monitor to play Lynyrd Skynyrd's “Free Bird” at the apex of the burn?
I was conflicted, to say the least.
I fully understood the gravity of the emotions surrounding the Temple. I knew this could cause waves, though admittedly I never imagined it would get to where it did. I had never seen this friend in such an emotional state and realized how much this meant to them. I also realized they were not the only one grieving heavily over this loss. I would do what I believed would honor this man in a way I was told they would have appreciated. I would disrupt the Sacred Silence in a way that would inspire emotion — one way or another — in thousands.
As we loaded up the gear into the truck… I was nervous. What would be the consequences of disrupting the last 11 years in honor of one person? “Fuck it. This is Burning Man. Shaking things up is expected, right? Right…?”
Evidently I was sensing what was to come.
Lord Knows, I'm to Blame
When we arrived at the Temple that fateful Sunday night, there was a multitude of sounds, far from silence. As the preparations were made, I thought to myself, for a Sacred Silence, this night is alive with noise. I heard “Ave Maria”, some Bob Marley, a little ambient and some electronica. Some of it didn't stop as the flames started to rise, and I realized the perceived silence has a lot to do with perspective and where you are stationed around the Temple. It's not a small area. As we reached the apex, with my friend screaming “We'll miss you, Joey!”, I started nudging the fader up as those guitars started wailing. Suddenly…
ALL FUCKING HELL BROKE LOOSE!
Within moments there were people rushing to the source of the Skynyrd, one of whom was a member of David Best's crew. My friend met that person and quickly explained who this dedication was for. That individual, whom I do not know, realized quickly this was no trivial playing of some classic rock. This was for someone special. They were met behind the truck that another DPW crewman and I were in. Within a moment of that meeting, a fellow Burner decided to jump into the back of the truck. They angrily slammed the laptop lid shut to try to cut the music, but the computer was set up so that nothing happened upon screen close. This infuriated the Burner, and they proceed to grab the laptop and throw it at my chest, exclaiming “FIFTY THOUSAND PEOPLE ARE GOING TO RAPE YOU!” No joke.
I think their estimate may have been a bit off, as I doubt 50,000 of the <60,000 or so people present that year were actually at the Temple burn. I also don't know how many viewing the Burn could hear the song, but never had I heard such a terrifying concept thrown at me. Especially not from a community such as ours. But like I said, Burners take the Temple seriously.
Anyhow, the other DPW member in the truck with me took it upon themselves to chest bump said rape-threatener off the back of the truck as the love-of-my-life came running from a different truck next to us and pushed them back as they jumped on the back of the truck. Feisty, that one. I'm screaming at the original instigator of the entire situation, “WE NEED TO FUCKING GO!”
They jumped in the seat, put the beast in drive, and we lurched out of the little nest of animosity around us around three minutes into the eight-minute song. We headed slowly toward the Man's smoldering remains. I noticed three or four people on bicycles chasing us, evidently caught up enough in their anger to stop caring about their grief. By the time we reached the ashes, there was only one rider left. They got off their bike to chastise us at the fire and realized they were alone. After a brief “You shouldna done dat, because Sacred Temple”, they take off. I don't think my adrenaline stopped for an hour.
After my head cleared, and I re-evaluated the situation, I realized that regardless of what anyone would say, I had just made a lasting impact on the Temple burn and Burning Man itself. Little did I know it would go on to be talked about around me for years to come. I've heard Burners I didn't know talking about it. Sometimes I chime in, sometimes I keep my mouth shut. I'm not looking to get raped, after all. If any of you 50,000 are reading this, I'm sorry I ruined your night. My perspective on it is, if you can't overcome some music during this time of grieving and loss, then you need more than the Temple to help you let go. The ephemeral and ever-changing nature of the Burn causes things like this to happen. Should it become a norm? Definitely not. But I feel it was ultimately appropriate in the situation, regardless of the negativity it received.
I also want to say that I have heard many people say the song was perfect for their moment, even though they didn't know Joey. I threw the dice, saw where they landed, and am happy I did it. Would I do it again? No chance in hell. Would I disrupt something else in as intense a manner in the future of Burning Man? If I get the chance, I probably would. We'll see. After all, what the fuck is the Burn if it becomes ordered? Some people seem to think it is heading in that direction. Well… I guess that makes me an agent of chaos.
So that is my story. It has been slightly explained in a post on BoingBoing, but I wanted to clarify my side of things. I just wasn't brave enough to put it out there until the would-be rapers have calmed their fury somewhat. Thanks for reading. By the way, I was naked when I typed this. Just FYI.
by Forest of Arizona
Funko Marvel Captain America: Civil War Pop! Black Widow Vinyl Bobble-Head is rated 4.9 out of 5 by 11 .
Rated 5 out of 5 by Blessed3 from Great! My daughter wanted these Funko Pop for Christmas so I was so happy to find it for her!!
Rated 5 out of 5 by azwang from Adorable Ordered about month ago when there was a flash sale (got it for only $7). I love Natasha Romanoff, and think the bobble head is an adorable representation of Black Widow. The paint job is good and bears resemblance to Romanoff. It's a great combination of price, adorableness, and Black Widow's trademark daring, wicked beauty.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Jenntr from super detailed as always black widow hairstyle match the movie and the uniform is super detailed. great addition to any funko collector.
Rated 5 out of 5 by person134334434 from Great Funko I bought this pop around the time the movie was released and it is amazing. Them hair is amazing.
American actor Geoffrey Giuliano was recently captured on video causing an unnecessary raucous at a supermarket in Thailand.
The 63-year-old actor can be seen delivering a bizarre 4-minute rant in a clip uploaded by a French expat who recorded the shocking outburst on Thursday afternoon, according to the Daily Mail.
Giuliano, who has long been based in Thailand, reportedly angered a fellow shopper at the Big-C supermarket in Pattaya after they barged ahead at the line for the checkout counter.
In an obnoxious display of white privilege caught on camera, Giuliano can be heard yelling “f*** you, I'm an American, I do what I want”.
The video uploader, who chose to remain anonymous, said the actor then dropped around 25 items on the ‘ten items or fewer' counter.
“I was queuing in the checkout for under ten items when they pushed in front. They had about 25 items and there were other checkouts that were empty,” the man behind the camera was quoted as saying.
“He threw their items down and was aggressive. I think a watermelon and a banana broke. Then they said about being American and being able to do what they wanted so I started filming him. They said it again and started swearing in front of their wife and children.”
When the Frenchman began filming the rude behavior, Giuliano then lashed out at him.
“You're not intimidating me by that camera, I'm an actor,” said the actor who played the role of “Deer Boy” in one episode of web miniseries “The Far Cry Experience”.
To this, they responded with: “I'm just waiting for the next round because what you said about America was very interesting.”
Giuliano, who can be seen wearing an assortment of press IDs, became even more agitated by the man's retort and began swearing at him.
They screamed: “Go f*** yourself, OK. Go f*** yourself, OK, let's get it real straight. You can go f*** yourself, OK. I'm an American, I do what I want, we're the kings of the world, OK. We're professional a*******. We have taken being a******* to the highest possible f****** level in this world.”
The Frenchman can only respond to this with a sarcastic: “I agree with you.”
“You agree, so we have a point of agreement. Now next time mind your own f****** business,” Giuliano answered before they left the supermarket shortly after.
“His wife was friendly and looked embarrassed by their behavior. They clearly thought they were a big shot actor that could do what they wanted,” the Frenchman said. “Nobody has the right to act like this. But I think that Hollywood celebrities and actors are crazy right now. They think they can do and say anything they want and somehow they're still right.”
Last year, the actor was also involved in a high-profile controversy after the Daily Mail reported that it had investigated Giuliano in connection with the disappearance of John Lennon and Yoko Ono's wedding photos.
Aside from their role as the “man” in 2016's “Mechanic: Resurrection”, Giuliano's acting prowess can also be found in the 2012 smash hit “The Scorpion King 3: Battle for Redemption”.
Also, check out this revolting video of them doing a monologue on “Why Lonely Men Come To S.E. Asia”:
One of the great red herrings of the Ukraine crisis is the notion that after the end of the Cold War, no European security architecture was created that included Russia and other post-Soviet nations. This is part of the narrative of humiliation and justification that maintains that Russia has been ostracized, excluded, and conspired against since the early 1990s. Within this context, the argument goes, Russian President Vladimir Putin's current “countermeasures” in Eastern Europe should somehow be understandable.
This narrative is wrong on many levels. The key point is that such an architecture does exist, fully developed with a permanent secretariat, a parliamentary assembly, branch offices across Europe, and field missions. That organization is called the OSCE.
Jan Techau Techau was the director of Carnegie Europe, the European center of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace. Techau works on EU integration and foreign policy, transatlantic affairs, and German foreign and security policy. More > @Jan_Techau
The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe has its roots in the Helsinki process of the early 1970s, a diplomatic effort designed to give a workable framework to détente between the Cold War blocs. In 1975, this process led to the Helsinki Final Act, a voluntary, nonbinding agreement under which the participating nations declared their willingness to respect certain principles, including national sovereignty, human rights, and nonviolent conflict resolution.
After the end of the Cold War, the OSCE was formally established when the signatories to the Helsinki accords created its institutional framework. The shared principles of the original agreement were reiterated in the Lisbon declaration of 1996.
The problem is that the OSCE is not working. Not only does it lack a binding enforcement mechanism, Russia also sees the organization as a tool abused by the West to spread democracy and interfere in the internal affairs of other countries.
The truth is that the Kremlin does not seem to share the principles that the OSCE was designed to uphold. Moscow dismisses every reminder of those principles as an illegitimate intrusion into its domestic affairs. And so the Kremlin set out to undermine the proper functioning of OSCE, which it has done very successfully.
The latest episode in this quest is the abduction of unarmed, OSCE-mandated military observers by Russia-steered militias in Eastern Ukraine. The caretaker government in Kiev had requested that these observers serve on Ukrainian territory, but Moscow was eager to send a message that it was not best pleased, and so its proxy troops in the region took care of that.
The wider point is this: no matter what binding or nonbinding agreement Russia has entered into since the end of the Cold War, it has attempted to torpedo the deal from within. This is true not only for the OSCE. It also applies to the Council of Europe and the World Trade Organization, the other major multilateral forums Russia has joined in recent decades. In both bodies, Russia's track record of compliance is abysmal.
The reason behind Russia's behavior is its archaic understanding of what constitutes a sovereign nation. Russia is not just against all softening of the traditional legal understanding of sovereignty, such as the responsibility to protect. Here, in terms of interpreting international law, Russia actually has a valid point that must be discussed.
But Moscow also adheres to the idea that a nation is fully sovereign only as long as it is strong enough to take care of its own security. This notion means that only a small handful of countries in the world can claim true independence. That conviction is visibly at play in Ukraine, whose sovereignty and independence Putin has never acknowledged.
What this really means is that Russia, in its current political setup, can never accept an architecture in which a country of lesser stature has an enforceable legal claim against—or even a formal veto power over—Russian objectives. That makes it amazingly unattractive for almost anybody to enter any kind of legally binding, or even nonbinding, agreement with Russia.
And that, in turn, explains why only countries that were strong-armed “decided” to join the Moscow-led Eurasian customs union, an organization clearly designed to bully Russia's smaller neighbors into obedience, not to cultivate a proper sense of cooperation among equals.
Russia claims that all current European architecture is part of a Western plot to force Western ideas of democracy down the throats of unwilling Easterners. The real problem is that democracy and human rights—the very values Moscow has signed up to through a myriad of treaties and conventions—are a threat to those who hold power in the Kremlin.
Russia is indeed part of the European security architecture. It was welcomed into it with high hopes after the Soviet Union disintegrated. But Russia wants something that no country interested in its own security can offer: a system in which all are bound by the same rules but that gives Russia an exclusive veto power and a right to opt out as it wishes.
Moscow could never accept a structure that gave Luxembourg or Portugal, Georgia or Poland the same legal rights as Russia. As long as all countries free enough to make their own choice view Moscow as a threat, and as long as Moscow feels intimidated by binding mechanisms that enshrine that freedom, neither the old nor any envisioned new security architecture in Europe will work.
While this remains the case, European nations are best advised to deal with Russia from a robust position. Russia speaks the language of strength. It will only accept counterparts that can back up their position with real power. Never has there been a stronger reminder of the value of Western architecture for peace in Europe—in other words, NATO and the EU—than in the lessons of Ukraine.
Ex-SK Telecom T1 StarCraft Brood War and CJ Entus StarCraft 2 "Master Coach" Park Yong Woon is set to coach the QG Reapers, according to Chinese League of Legends reporters Qincai of Duowan and Jialing.
Earlier this offseason, Park left CJ Entus, reportedly to join a League of Legends Secondary Pro League team. Duowan reporter Qincai posted a photo of them on Tuesday after having interviewed him. Qincai said he's "optimistic about this year's QG, not because of the players, but because of the coach."
Qincai's associate, Jialing, also made a weibo post after a conversation with Park, claiming, "Chatting with him, you can definitely feel the professionalism of the old StarCraft era." Jialing has recently broken LSPL-related news in China, including the news of ZTR eSports. Following Qincai's and Jialing's statements, other Chinese reporters have corroborated their statements.
Coach Park is best known for their time as SK Telecom T1's StarCraft Brood War coach during the team's period of dominance from 2008 until 2012. They have since coached western team alliance Evil Geniuses-Team Liquid and CJ Entus in StarCraft 2.
QG Reapers will play their first match of the LPL season on Jan. 15 .
Kelsey Moser is a staff writer for theScore eSports. You can follow them on Twitter.
(CNN) — With the relaxation on U.S. travel restrictions to Cuba, many Americans are trying to figure out how to go to the island and what to do once they get there.
After being off-limits to visitors from the United States for over 50 years, the island is now awash in Americans.
In Havana, a drab restaurant and nightlife scene is slowly coming alive again as Cuba gets ready for its moment.
Here are five ways to get to know the city:
1. Sitting and sipping
Havana's Malecón seawall is the heart of the city and a great place for a first taste of Cuba.
People exercise, make out or just gaze at the beautiful blue sea for hours along this 5-mile-long wall.
Little kids love to jump from the wall into the bay during the day and young people toting bottles of rum set up camp at night.
The stretch of the Malecón in front of the Hotel Nacional is very popular right now since recently the government set up WiFi routers in that area, a first for Cuba.
2. Moving to the music
Ask Habaneros about the best place to dance and you'll start an argument.
Some people like their venues big and loud. Others prefer places better known for the people-watching than the music.
Anthony Bourdain visits hot spot Fabrica de Arte Cubano, a nightclub, performance space and art gallery in Havana, Cuba.
When I go out to dance, I like the Bertolt Brecht (Calle 13 Esquina I, Vedado, +53 7 832 9359).
It's a small club filled with people who want to have a good time and hear Cuba's best music. Everyone is very very chill.
Another great spot for music and dance is Sábado de la Rumba (Calle 4 e/ Calzada y 5ta, Vedado). It's a great neighborhood block party with live music, cold beer and lots of dancing that takes place every Saturday afternoon.
Dancing rumba in Cuba means not holding anything back, and often the people with the best moves are senior citizens.
La Flauta Magica (Calzada 101 between L and M, Vedado, +53 7 832 3195) is a fairly new club with a South Beach vibe and great view of the ocean that features some of Cuba's best musical acts.
Unlike many other clubs, the music starts early (at least for Cuba) around 10 p.m.
The Flauta overlooks the newly reopened U.S. Embassy in Havana, so CNN rented the whole club on the day of the reopening ceremony to get the key shot of the U.S. flag going up over Havana for the first time in 54 years.
3. Local flavors
Cuban slang for "privately owned restaurant," paladars are the place to eat in Cuba. Often you are eating in people's homes, although paladars are becoming quite sophisticated.
The food at paladars is more inventive and uses fresher ingredients than what you get at a government restaurant.
Anthony Bourdain parties in Cuba with music, dancing and, of course, a whole roasted pig in the season six premiere of "Parts Unknown."
Increasingly you will see freshly caught tuna, octopus and even organically grown vegetables on the menu.
Here are a few to try:
O'Reilly 304 (O'Reilly No. 304, +53 5 264 4725) in Old Havana breaks out from the usual routine of Cuban food, offering excellent ceviche, seared tuna tataki and tacos.
Otramanera (Calle 35 e/ 20 y 41, Playa. +53 7 203 8315) is modern and serene Spanish-inspired restaurant that stands out for its innovative preparations and excellent service. (Calle 35 e/ 20 y 41, Playa. +53 7 203 8315) is modern and serene Spanish-inspired restaurant that stands out for its innovative preparations and excellent service.
The salmorejo soup, salads and pork meloso are among the many stand -outs. It is a refuge from Havana's chaos.
Anthony Bourdain hits the streets of Cuba for a good, old-fashioned street race. "Parts Unknown" premieres September 27 at 9 p.m. ET/PT.
Also not to be missed is La Guarida (Concordia No.418 /Gervasio y Escobar, Centro Habana, +53 7 866 9047). On the top floor of a crumbling former mansion in Centro Habana, La Guarida recently expanded, adding a cigar bar and an ocean view terrace. You'll need reservations.
During filming of the upcoming episode of "Anthony Bourdain Parts Unknown" in Cuba, I took Bourdain and crew for a dinner at La Guarida that included lots of wine, rum and good food. Standouts included the suckling pig and smoked marlin tacos.
4. The feeling of home
I recommend renting an apartment or house from Cubans. Not only will your money go to help the island's growing class of small entrepreneurs, you will experience true Cuban hospitality.
There are a lot of options available now on rental site Airbnb.
A few rentals of note:
Casa Blanca (+53 5 294 5397) is a beautiful house by the Cabaña fortress. It has two bedrooms and a large shaded patio with a pool.
Casa Vitrales (+53 7 866 2607) feels more like a boutique hotel than a casa particular. It is well located in the Loma del Angel part of Old Havana and offers a fantastic roof-top terrace to take in the city. The casa's nine rooms have all been recently restored.
Habana Vista (+53 5 388 7866) is a well-located Vedado high rise apartment with beautiful views and a rooftop pool.
5. Goods and handicrafts
Clandestina (Calle Villegas 403, e/ Muralla y Teniente Rey, Old Havana) sells T-shirts designed by Cuban graphic artists featuring funny, often irreverent messages. Their "Actually I am in Havana" shirt speaks to the explosion of travel to the city.
Piscolabis (San Ignacio #75, Callejón del Chorro y O' Reilly, Old Havana) is a café and boutique for Cuban-made goods.
AUSTIN — The Legislature's tax-cut wars intensified Wednesday, as House GOP leaders unveiled a bigger tax-relief package than the Senate has passed.
Instead of trimming school property taxes, as senators prefer, the House wants to reduce the state's 6.25 percent sales tax to just under 6 percent. It would be the first statewide sales tax cut in Texas history.
The average Texas family of four would save $172 a year from a new state sales tax rate of 5.95 percent, which would take effect Jan. 1, according to House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Dennis Bonnen, R-Angleton.
In most areas, local governments add 2 cents. Bonnen's plan would take the combined sales tax rate — usually 8.25 percent — to 7.95 percent.
“This is tangible tax relief that will benefit families and businesses of all sizes whenever they buy something,” they said.
Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick, though, soon ripped into the House's plan for failing to lower Texas' comparatively high property taxes and ignoring Gov. Greg Abbott's insistence on reductions in property as well as business taxes. Both chambers would cut the state's main business tax, though in different ways.
Patrick said Bonnen's plan “is out of step with Texans, my office, the Senate and the governor.”
Sen. Jane Nelson, who heads the tax-writing Senate Finance Committee, also panned the House's approach.
“I have never had a constituent tell me they want a cut in sales tax — ever,” Nelson said. “I've had lots of constituents come and complain about property taxes.”
Bonnen shot back: “If Lt. Gov. Patrick really wants to defend a smaller tax cut than what my plan provides, I'm happy to have that debate.”
The House's approach would help all Texans, including businesses, who pay sales tax on items they buy, Bonnen argued, while renters and businesses would miss out on the property tax cuts focused on homeowners.
The debate shows that despite widespread agreement on slashing taxes and overflowing state coffers, GOP leaders will have to negotiate intensely to reach a deal. With conservative groups, business leaders and lobbyists weighing in, it could become a pitched battle that lasts until the final days of lawmakers' session, which must end June 1.
In recent weeks, both GOP-controlled chambers have ratcheted up the price tags of their tax relief plans — as many educator groups and Democrats feared. They want lawmakers to spend more of the $19.4 billion that Republican budget writers such as Nelson have parked on the sidelines.
With the state so flush, the tax cuts won't force reductions in spending — lawmakers can cut taxes and balance the budget even while boosting spending in areas such as education. But if oil prices stay low and state revenues suffer, lawmakers could face tough choices in future years.
The disagreement among Republicans over how to cut taxes was in full prospect nearly a year ago but is now delivering drama to what has so far been a low-key legislative session. With no consensus hammered out in advance of the session — Patrick was talking about a grand swap of consumption taxes for property taxes as late as September — both chambers have been on the hunt for backers who could sway things their way.
In February, Nelson and Patrick announced that a proposed constitutional amendment upping homestead exemptions also would prohibit taxing real estate sales. Democratic senators and House Republicans called it a bald attempt to enlist the powerful Texas Association of Realtors to support the Patrick-Nelson package. The critics noted there's been no serious push to tax home sales in modern-day Texas.
Bonnen, who represents a heavily industrialized district in southeast Texas, countered with a “heavy metals” strategy.
They denied carrying water for powerful interests back home, but they delayed unveiling their plan until manufacturers, petrochemical firms and other big business groups repeatedly had slashed the Senate's tax-cut package as advancing a dreaded “split roll” — in which businesses pay a bigger burden of local property taxes than homeowners.
The big business groups also complained that a bill by Sen. Charles Schwertner, R-Georgetown, would undo progress toward fairer taxation achieved in 2006. That year, the Legislature broadened the franchise or “margins tax” so it applied to more types of businesses as well as professional associations.
By exempting 61,000 of the 117,000 businesses currently paying the tax, the Senate was helping service industries and small employers — many of which don't own expensive property. But the capital intensive industries, meanwhile, would still pay margins tax — and keep paying high property taxes, the business groups complained.
Bonnen stressed that the House's margins tax cuts would benefit all categories of business. They also said a lower sales tax rate would be historic — and permanent.
Since Texas lawmakers first imposed a 2-cent sales tax in 1961, they never have cut the rate.
Bonnen scoffed at the Senate's $2.15 billion homestead exemption sweetener. An even bigger school property tax cut passed nine years ago — initially worth a whopping $14 billion — but wasn't felt by many homeowners, they noted.
“If our experience in recent years has taught us anything, it's that property tax cuts are quickly swallowed by local rate hikes and rising appraisals,” Bonnen said. “Any property tax cut passed without major systemic reform is guaranteed to meet the same fate.”
Senators say they've worked to avoid that problem by tying the homestead exemption to the average value of a Texas home, so the exemption would rise as property becomes more valuable. The average homeowner would save an estimated $206 in the first year of the Senate plan.
Bayview residents Brett and Michelle Harris Anderson filed a petition with Change.org to rename San Francisco's Justin Herman Plaza after Maya Angelou, a famous poet and author with ties to the city.
The parents were recently watching their four children run around the plaza's Vaillancourt Fountain, when their 8-year-old son said, “This place is cool!” and then asked, “Who is M. Justin Herman? Why was the space named after him?”
The parents didn't know the answer and later researched the former city planner of San Francisco who was executive director of the SF Redevelopment Agency from 1959 to 1971. What they found left them shocked, dismayed and uncomfortable.
The Andersons discovered that Herman's tenure “gave rise to an agency marred by a culture rich in racist paternalistic dogma” and under their direction the agency displaced blacks, Jews, and Japanese residents from their homes in the Western Addition, Japantown and Fillmore neighborhoods.
“The audacious, callous, and unethical treatment of these citizens were so egregious that, even now, some 50 years later it shocks the conscious and screams out from the annals of history with demands for redress,” the Andersons write in the petition.
Justin Herman Plaza first opened on the east end of Market Street in 1972 and has become a popular gathering place. It's where downtown workers bask in the sun during lunch breaks, Critical Mass starts its ride, and music concerts draw large crowds.
Is the booming center aptly named?
The Andersons feel the plaza deserves a more inspiring title and proposes that the Board of Supervisors rename Justin Herman Plaza to Maya Angelou Memorial Plaza.
Maya Angelou, who passed away in May of last year, was an American author, poet, and actor. She's best known for their seven autobiographies, focusing on their early childhood and adult life, and the first, I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings, garnered international recognition. Angelou also has many ties with San Francisco.
“Maya Angelou attended school during their formative years here in San Francisco,” the petition states. “Maya Angelou was married here in San Francisco. It was in San Francisco that the late, great Ms. Maya Angelou chose their iconic name. Maya Angelou gave birth to their beloved son here in San Francisco. Ms. Angelou became America's first African American cable car operator right here in San Francisco.”
The petition had 93 supporters as of 1 p.m. today.
- Advertisement -
Are You "Spring Trained" For May Day?
By Danny Schechter, News Dissector
- Advertisement -
Our Own Stand Your Ground Message, 1894
...Let the winds lift your banners from far lands
With a message of strife and of hope:
- Advertisement -
Raise the Maypole aloft with its garlands
That gathers your cause in its scope....
...Stand fast, then, Oh Workers, your ground,
Together pull, strong and united:
Link your hands like a chain the world round,
If you will that your hopes be requited.
- Advertisement -
Walter Crane, The Workers' Maypole, 1894
New York, New York: When you hear the term "Spring Training," most of us think baseball, but, this year, it has a different context because the Occupy Movement has appropriated the term to describe educating and preparing activists for non-violent nationwide protests and a hoped for General Strike slated for May Day 2012, this May 1.
This idea of "Spring" is more connected to the "Arab Spring," a time of revolt than the season we've entered.
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3
During Michelle Obama's speech on the opening night of the Democratic National Convention, the first lady offered a powerful, personal reminder of America's dark racial history — and just how far the country has come.
“I wake up every morning in a house that was built by slaves,” they said. “And I watch my daughters — two beautiful, intelligent, black young women — playing with their dogs on the White House lawn.”
Fox News host and resident historian Bill O'Reilly decided to fact-check that line for viewers of their primetime show on Tuesday night.
“Michelle Obama referenced slaves building the White House in referring to the evolution of America in a positive way. It was a positive comment,” O'Reilly said. “Slaves did participate in the construction of the White House. Records show about 400 payments made to slave masters between 1795 and 1801. In addition, free blacks, whites, and immigrants also worked on the massive building. There were no illegal immigrants at that time. If you could make it here, you could stay here.”
They didn't stop there.
“Slaves that worked there were well-fed and had decent lodgings provided by the government,” O'Reilly said, noting that the White House stopped hiring slave labor in 1802 but “did not forbid subcontractors” from using them.
“So Michelle Obama is essentially correct in citing slaves as builders of the White House,” O'Reilly concluded. “But there were others working as well.”
O'Reilly's defense of the living conditions for White House slaves didn't sit well with historians like Liam Hogan, who tore the Fox News host apart on Twitter.
This is how chattel slavery was defended by slave owners and pro-slavery interests. Unbelievable. https://t.co/tvRSJeAR2x — Liam Hogan (@Limerick1914) July 27, 2016
Think about this. O'Reilly discussed chattel slavery in front of millions of viewers & the only adjectives they used were "well" and "decent" — Liam Hogan (@Limerick1914) July 27, 2016
In 1800 Abigail Adams observed that a group of slaves working at the White House were "half fed, and destitute of clothing" — Liam Hogan (@Limerick1914) July 27, 2016
It's important that we remember the pro-slavery and racist lineage of the trope of the "well-fed Negro." This is O'Reilly's source. — Liam Hogan (@Limerick1914) July 27, 2016
Others were equally appalled.
Yes folks, it's 2016, and Bill O'Reilly is still defending slavery. https://t.co/hhDphj2JSz — Steve Silberman (@stevesilberman) July 27, 2016
Bill O'Reilly, senior slave correspondent https://t.co/QROjd2zPR0 — Gideon Resnick (@GideonResnick) July 27, 2016
Soon Bill O'Reilly will argue that Black unemployment was lower under slavery. — Arash Karami (@thekarami) July 27, 2016
I feel like Bill O'Reilly might have a lot of time to golf with Roger Ailes soon. — Mark Harris (@MarkHarrisNYC) July 27, 2016
O'Reilly wasn't the only conservative commentator to stir controversy in response to Michelle Obama's speech.
Earlier Tuesday, Rush Limbaugh said the Obamas “can't stop talking about slavery.”
“I mean, that's their starting point, and I think that's a no-win situation for us because we've made great strides,” Limbaugh said on their syndicated radio show. “This country has made phenomenal strides since then. Undeniable.”
“They love to wax eloquent about the early days and how they were three-fifths of a person, even though they never have been three-fifths of a person,” Limbaugh added. “He doesn't even have any slave blood. They do, but they don't, but they will admit they're never going to let it go.”
_____
Related slideshows:
On the ground at the DNC — a photo report >>>
How newspapers covered the historic second day of the DNC >>>
Bernie Sanders' supporters make a last stand >>>
Sanders supporters weep at DNC >>>
How newspapers covered the DNC's first big day >>>
Demonstrators protest outside the DNC >>>
DJ was right. He's long maintained that while drug cartels may be getting some weapons from straw buyers in the US this couldn't possibly account for the huge numbers of weapons they have nor are such weapons powerful enough.
They recently commented on a post here about straw gun buyers being arrested in Arizona.
Always the accountant, I note that 38 guns [bought by one person arrested] is a mere fraction of a percent of the 30,000-odd guns confiscated in Mexico each year. We now know that it happens. But to what degree? If I was a drug cartel purchaser, working for an organization with unlimited money and excellent skills at covert shipping, I wouldn't spend $450 (plus bribes) to buy an AK-47 semi-automatic rifle that can be gotten by the handful across the border. No, I'd by caseloads of full-auto AK-47s at $100 apiece (or less) from Somalia and other places around the world. Anyone using an American-bought AK-47 semi-auto would be seriously outgunned.
As it turns out, much of the weaponry is indeed coming from the US. But it's not via small purchases from gun shops. Narco News presents convincing evidence based on Wikileaks cables and their own investigations that seriously heavy weaponry used by the US military is finding its way, sometimes legally sometimes otherwise, to Mexico and the cartels. This is military-grade weaponry and is not available in gun stores. (That semi-auto AK you can buy in some US gun shores is comparatively, a pea shooter. Full auto AKs, while legal in some areas, are strictly controlled by the federal government and require a special license. They are also very expensive, like $15,000 vs. $100 in Somalia. Thus, they aren't trafficked in the States.)
Narco News
Those [firearms] exports are approved through the State Department, under a program known as Direct Commercial Sales. A sister program, called Foreign Military Sales, is overseen by the Pentagon and also taps U.S. contractors to manufacture weapons (such as machine guns and grenades) for export to foreign entities, including companies and governments. The State Department cables recently made public by WikiLeaks do seem to confirm that the U.S. government is very aware that much of the heavy firepower now in the hands of Mexican criminal organizations isn't linked to mom-and-pop gun stores, but rather the result of blowback from U.S. arms-trading policies (both current and dating back to the Iran/Contra era) that put billions of dollars of deadly munitions into global trade stream annually.
Narco News says weapons sent to the Contras by the US have been refurbished and are now being used by drug cartels. They note that a shadowy company here in the States has been shut down after being accused of illegally trafficking for years in firearms, including gun barrels.
As the death toll mounts in the drug war now raging in Mexico, it pays to remember that weapons trafficking, both government-sponsored and illegal, is a big business that feeds and profits off that carnage.
So, we have the despicable spectacle of major US banks admitting they laundered money for drug cartels (and getting off with fines and not prison for those responsible) while US military grade weaponry somehow keeps finding its way to those same cartels. Sounds like Third World corruption, doesn't it?
Among the blowback from the odd refusal of the US to imprison money launderers or to stop trafficking of military weaponry is a new genre of video, that of real-life torture and murder by one cartel against the captured members of another cartel or law enforcement.
A dramatic video has surfaced titled “brother of Patricia González la piÃ±ata,” where various masked men assault a man with a bat and an electric stungun. The victim is presumably Mario González, brother of a former prosecutor for the state of Chihuahua, whose previous interrogation videos were released on YouTube.
Let's legalize drugs, all of them. Portugal decriminalized use of all drugs ten years ago and their drug usage has dropped compared to the rest of the EU. This would also put an end to the violence and corruption. Hey, Joe Kennedy was a bootlegger who went legit when Prohibition ended and a generation later, their son became president. It's not like we don't have a precedent for legalizing what was once illegal.
Many of those here said they lacked insurance, but many others said they had coverage but not enough to meet all their needs — or that they could afford. Some said they were well aware of the larger national health care debate, and were eager for changes.
“I am on point with the news,” said Elizabeth Harraway, 50, who is unemployed and came for dental care. “I think the president's ideas are awesome, and I believe opening up health care is going to work."
Stan Brock, Remote Area Medical's founder and among the many khaki-wearing volunteers in the arena, said their organization's intent was not to become part of the health care debate, but to do what it had done for nearly 25 years: offer charity to people in need. Still, the group attracted attention last month when President Obama visited Bristol, Va., just days after it held a health care event in nearby Wise, Va.
“My position on the Obama plan is that I am delighted to see so much focus on the health care issue," Mr. Brock said. “There is incredible focus on what we do, but that is not my doing."
In the past, Remote Area Medical has also provided services in mid-sized American cities, including New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina, but had never tried an operation in such a large metropolitan area. Mr. Brock said the considerable logistics were made possible with the help of Don Manelli, a film producer, but they said they were disappointed in the dearth of volunteers among local providers — specifically dentists and optometrists — which made it hard to provide services for all comers.
Ana Maria Garcia, who works for Orange County, has health insurance that covers their husband and 3 ½-year-old daughter, but their dental deductibles are too high for them all to get care, they said.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Ms. Garcia's husband, Jorge, who was laid off from their custodial job last October, arrived from their home — a 90-minute drive away — at 4 p.m. on Tuesday to get the family's spot in line.
But the Garcias' number never came up, so they slept in their car for a few hours and lined up again early Wednesday morning, awaiting a chance to get root canals and cleanings that Ms. Garcia figured were worth thousands of dollars. They made a friend in the bleachers outside, who gave the family some coffee and hot biscuits for breakfast.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Regardless if you are employed or not,” Ms. Garcia said, “everything in California is expensive, and so I can empathize with everyone here. Looking at this crowd, I think this is what people fear health care is going to be with reform. But to me it also shows the need.”
Last month, the state dropped its dental and vision coverage for MediCal enrollees, and has since capped enrollment in the state's health insurance program for children of the working poor. Thousands of people across the state lost their coverage in the middle of complex, multimonth procedures and have found themselves at a loss.
Sammie Edwards, a retired welder, was in the middle of getting dentures made when their care ran out, they said. A friend at a food bank clued them into the free clinic. “A lot of older people are caught in the midst of this,” Mr. Edwards said.
Begun in 1985 as a mobile health clinic serving undeveloped countries and later rural America, Remote Area Medical provides various medical services through units to people who are largely unable to gain access to health care. Officials from the organization said they believed that this week's event in Los Angeles constituted the largest free health care event in the country, with the arena and all supplies and services provided free to the group. Other expenses were covered by the group's fund-raising.
On Tuesday, volunteers provided 1,448 services to about 600 patients, including 95 tooth extractions, 470 fillings, 140 pairs of eyeglasses, 96 Pap smears and 93 tuberculosis tests, the organizers said. Hundreds of volunteer doctors, dentists, optometrists, nurses and others are expected to serve 8,000 patients by the end of the eight days.
For those willing to endure the long waits, the arena was like a magical medical kingdom, where everything was possible once a person got through the door. Mike Bettis, who runs security for a nightclub in Hollywood, and their fiancée, Lourie Alexander, who cleans homes, said they usually went on Craigslist, exchanging a home cleaning for a dermatology appointment.
By Wednesday, the couple had gotten between them dentures (him); a breast exam, Pap smear and general physical (her); and acupuncture (both).
“What I liked about it was that everyone was so sweet,” Ms. Alexander said. “You know when you haven't seen a doctor in so many years you have a lot of questions.”
ASUS' powerful 12-inch Eee Slate EP121 tablet has been no secret -- don't forget, it was teased at Computex and then sketched on a digital blackboard -- but here it is, with final specs and pricing information. Unlike ASUS' trio of Android tablets, the EP121 is all about Windows 7, and oh does it have the guts to run it smoothly -- it's powered by a Core i5-470UM processor, packs 2 to 4GB of RAM, and a 64GB SSD. It sure has the internal muscle to compete, but it also has a high-resolution (1280 x 800) 12.1-inch IPS capacitive display with a Wacom digitizer . The latter will allow you to use the included stylus to draw self-portraits or you know, take notes in class. ASUS maintains that the tablet breeds entertainment with enterprise, but something tells us the front-facing camera and HDMI port will have this one in the living room more than the boardroom. ASUS says the EP121 should be hitting sometime in the first quarter of the year for around $1,100, but expect us to bring you hands-on impressions way before that. Hit the break for the full specs.ASUS says it'll actually start at $1,000, with an upgraded model available for an extra Benjamin, and it's due out later this month!
SMITHS FALLS, ON, Nov. 22, 2017 /CNW/ - Canopy Growth Corporation (TSX: WEED) ("Canopy Growth" or the "Company") is pleased to see further progress as the federal government proposes possible scenarios for the governance of the new cannabis system. This level of detail, subject to improvements and iterations through the final drafting stages, allows the Company to continue to develop and refine an aggressive expansion agenda to meet the needs of medical and adult-use consumers with high quality cannabis products. Many of the security measures proposed in the draft regulations will allow the Company to scale existing facilities more rapidly due to reduced regulatory burdens and security infrastructure, without sacrificing the underlying rigour of the supply chain itself.
Canada has built a world-class system for the production of cannabis, and much of the proposed system builds upon the strengths of the existing production and distribution system. Canopy is pleased to see the introduction of special provisions for "micro-growers", as this effort to support new and smaller growers is consistent with the ethos of Canopy, which supports a wide variety of growers already through its Craft Grow program. Canopy has built a value-add processing, care and distribution network second to none, and looks forward to seeing more entrants join the market and welcomes the opportunity to build upon its growing roster of CraftGrow partners.
While plain packaging regulations are not mentioned in the draft regulations, Canopy Growth continues to place value on the proposed self-regulatory model it helped create along with 17 other Licensed Producers which were developed in consultation with Ad Standards Council. Brand differentiation and education must be allowed in order to successfully transition out of prohibition and replace the black market.
Finally, Canopy Growth is particularly pleased with the hemp provisions in the draft regulations. Canopy was an early advocate of hemp production, having acquired several hemp companies early on through its acquisition strategy. With a focus on crop-scale production, CBD extraction technology and value-add consumer products, the Company is pleased to now bring its hemp strategy to fruition to provide a revenue stream to complement existing cannabis revenue to build additional value for Canopy Growth's shareholders.
Here's to Future Growth.
About Canopy Growth Corporation
Canopy Growth is a world-leading diversified cannabis company, offering distinct brands and curated cannabis varieties in dried, oil and capsule forms. Through its wholly‑owned subsidiaries, Canopy Growth operates numerous state-of-the-art production facilities with over 700k sq. ft. of licensed production, over 500k sq. ft. of which is GMP-certified. Looking forward to 2018, Canopy Growth and its affiliates are developing a production platform that will represent 3.2 million sq. ft. of indoor and greenhouse production capacity, all operated with world-leading production, quality assurance procedures, value-add post processing, research, and testing. Canopy Growth has established partnerships with leading sector names in Canada and abroad, with interests and operations spanning seven countries and four continents. The Company is proudly dedicated to educating healthcare practitioners, providing consistent access to high quality cannabis products, conducting robust clinical research, and furthering the public's understanding of cannabis. For more information visit www.canopygrowth.com.
Notice Regarding Forward Looking Statements
This news release contains forward-looking statements. Often, but not always, forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as "plans", "expects" or "does not expect", "is expected", "estimates", "intends", "anticipates" or "does not anticipate", or "believes", or variations of such words and phrases or state that certain actions, events or results "may", "could", "would", "might" or "will" be taken, occur or be achieved. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Canopy Growth Corporation, Tweed Inc., Tweed Farms Inc. or Bedrocan Canada Inc. to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Examples of such statements include future operational and production capacity, the impact of enhanced infrastructure and production capabilities, and forecasted available product selection. The forward-looking statements included in this news release are made as of the date of this news release and Canopy Growth Corp. does not undertake an obligation to publicly update such forward-looking statements to reflect new information, subsequent events or otherwise unless required by applicable securities legislation.
SOURCE Canopy Growth Corporation
For further information: Jordan Sinclair, Director of Communications, Jordan@canopygrowth.com, 613-769-4196; Investor Relations: Tyler Burns, Tyler.burns@canopygrowth.com, 855-558-9333 ex 122; Director: Bruce Linton, tmx@canopygrowth.com
Related Links
http://canopygrowth.com/
The third sequel to Sylvester Stallone's boxing blockbuster combines the ringside sports melodrama of the previous installments with the Cold War patriotism of the star/director's other motion picture series of the 1980s, the Rambo saga.
Stallone is back as Rocky Balboa, the heavyweight champion of the world and now good friend of their one-time nemesis, Apollo Creed (Carl Weathers). Creed is brutally slaughtered in the boxing ring during a lop-sided exhibition match against the superhuman Russian boxer Ivan Drago (Dolph Lundgren), an event that Rocky takes personally. Vowing revenge against Drago in the name of Creed and the United States, Rocky is invited to the Soviet Union for a matchup and hires Creed's former manager (Tony Burton) to get them in shape. While Drago trains using the latest technology, Rocky's ascetic preparations are a low-key affair of carrying logs up hills through knee-deep Russian snow.
A U.S.-led coalition dropped new leaflets over Raqqa, the de facto capital of the Islamic State group in Syria, promising those below that "freedom will come" to the region, activists said Sunday.
An anti-Islamic State group called Raqqa is Being Silently Slaughtered and the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the leaflets had drawings showing dead extremists and their flag turned upside down. Four fighters with the main Kurdish militia, the People's Protection Units, or YPG, walked down a street in the picture, with two words in Arabic below translated as "Freedom will come."
The latest leaflet drop comes as YPG fighters have been advancing in northern Syria as close as 50 kilometres north of Raqqa.
Story continues below advertisement
Coalition warplanes have dropped such leaflets in the past. A previous one had a cartoon showing masked Islamic State extremists at a "hiring office" feeding people into a meat grinder.
Also Sunday, the extremists gave Internet cafes in Raqaa four days to stop offering wireless Internet connections to nearby homes, the Observatory and Raqqa is Being Silently Slaughtered said. The move comes two weeks after extremists released a video purporting to show the killing of two Syrian men in Raqqa, allegedly for spying.
The Islamic State group holds about a third of Syria and neighbouring Iraq in its self-declared "caliphate."
On Friday, a truck bombing by the group in Iraq's eastern Diyala province killed 115 people at a crowded market. Authorities there have fired the local police chief and three officers, while two others are being investigated, said senior Iraqi police officials speaking on condition of anonymity Sunday as they weren't authorized to talk to journalists.
Meanwhile in Iraq on Sunday, a series of bombings killed at least eight people and wounded about two dozen others.
In Diyala on Sunday, a roadside bomb killed four people and wounded nine near the Diyala Bridge, southeast of the capital, police said.
In al-Ameen, a district in east Baghdad, police said two people were killed and eight wounded when a roadside bomb detonated near a busy cafe, police said. And in the Baghdad suburb of Nahrawan, two people were killed and six wounded when a bomb exploded on a busy commercial street.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Hospital officials corroborated the deaths. All spoke on the condition of anonymity as they are not authorized to brief journalists.
No one has claimed responsibility for the attacks, but the Islamic State militant group often is behind such attacks in and around the capital as it seeks to destabilize Iraq's Shiite-led government.
Bredo Morstoel has been dead since 1989 and at the request of their grandson Trygve Bauge, has been kept frozen in a shed in Nederland, Colorado. Bredo left no provision in their will requesting cryonic preservation, this was their grandson's decision. Trygve has been interested in cryonics from a young age. Trygve brought their grandfather to the United States from Norway packed in dry ice where they were originally kept at the Trans Time cryonics facility in California until 1993.
Trygve and their mother Aud moved to Nederland with the hopes of opening their own cryonics facility there. Trygve was eventually deported for not adhering to the terms of their visitor's visa and their mother was soon evicted from their home for violating various town ordinances. Up until then no one knew that Bredo was cryogenically preserved in a shed on the property.
Aud told a reporter about the frozen body and the story went as viral as it could back in 1994. Nederland council hurriedly changed their municipal laws forbidding future cryogenic mishaps but they grandfathered the law so that Bredo could remain frozen. Trygve, now back home in Norway, hired a local environmental company to keep Bredo on ice.
Bo Shaffer is the CEO of the environmental company and has been in charge of keeping Bredo frozen by packing dry ice around the steel sarcophagus since 1995. For the past couple of years Bo has been trying to increase the price for their services, due to the increase in dry ice prices, which has been met with refusal by Trygve. Trygve says the disagreement lies with communication problems but they also claim that Bo has not been adding enough dry ice to the shed.  They are now looking for a way to determine the ice levels in the shed.
With the notoriety gained from the story, the town of Nederland decided to capitalize on the publicity and since 2002 have been holding “Frozen Dead Guy Days” on the first weekend every March. Polar plunges, snowshoe races and “Frozen Dead Guy” ice cream go mitten in mitten with a tour of the shed where Bredo lies waiting for science to bring them back to life.
In the meantime Trygve is looking at placing their grandfather in a cryonics facility in Michigan as soon as they can save up the money. Bo said they are willing to take care of Bredo until they are moved and hopes the town of Nederland will continue to host the festival with or without the frozen dead guy. Bredo still rests in anticipation of their cryonic reawakening.
Read more:
Home of the Frozen Dead Guy
‘Frozen Dead Guy' may move to Michigan | NBC News
"If you're someone who complains about VIDEO GAMES THESE DAYS and how they aren't like they used to be, where 'like they used to be' means some combination of open-ended, difficult, strategic, lots of interesting mechanics, and variable playstyles possible, you owe it to yourself to pick up the new X-Com game!" That's what Jesse "kingcobweb" Mason has to say about that; follow them on Twitter for gaming cheats and codes! Anyway, it turns out some people actually want VIDEO GAMES THESE DAYS to be worse than they already are, not to mention tormenting nostalgic gamers by grafting terrible modern 'innovations' onto classics. Experto Crede came up with this rude concept, and the SA Goons ruined everything like the ruiners they are. Enjoy!
Bog Chef
Everdraed
Stottie Kyek
Tramii
Some Indian companies have tried to adjust by hiring less-expensive workers from small Indian towns or switching to high-end back-office work, including paralegal services, accounting and education. But in the past three years, 13 Indian call-center companies have set up large offices in the Philippines and have trained and hired local workers, according to the National Association of Software and Service Companies. “The growth in the Philippines is also being driven, to a large extent, by Indian outsourcing companies that are setting up operations there,” said Sangeeta Gupta, the association's senior vice president.
Congratulations to India, where labor and business costs have risen enough that American companies are transferring their call-center work elsewhere:
Call-center work for Indian companies, like that "high-end back-office work," is still located in India. At least until the never-ending race to the bottom sends much of that to the Philippines, too. But when that happens, India should take heart in the fact that the U.S., after losing so many jobs to cheaper labor elsewhere, eventually itself became a source of cheap labor and got some jobs back.
It is not always clear whether the psychotic symptoms endorsed in studies assessing the relationship between cannabis use and “psychosis” occurred only in the context of cannabis intoxication, or whether the symptoms were a more distal outcome of previous cannabis use. For example, the Fergusson et al. study [31] assessed the relationship between psychotic symptoms in the past month with cannabis use in the past year. It remains possible that the psychotic symptoms endorsed may have been experienced only while intoxicated. The instruments used to measure psychotic outcomes in the Arsenault et al. [32] , Henquet et al. [33] , and van Os et al. [34] studies contain instructions not to include psychotic symptoms that only occur in the context of intoxication. Further, the authors of the Swedish conscript study [35] maintain that it is unlikely that substance-induced intoxication would have been misdiagnosed as schizophrenia. We turn now to the evidence relating to more persistent symptoms or disorders.
Several cross-sectional studies have examined the relationship between cannabis use and self-reported psychotic experiences or psychotic symptoms in the general population. All have found that cannabis use (or cannabis use disorders) were more common among people reporting such experiences; and these associations persisted after controlling for other variables [1] , [2] , [12] , [30] . Although these findings provide important clues to the mechanisms of action linking cannabis use and persistent psychotic symptoms and/or clinical diagnoses, these outcomes are less of a concern for the research community.
Other drugs such as amphetamine have also been shown to have the potential to trigger psychotic symptoms among some users [25] . Double-blind provocation studies using intravenous THC and related compounds in healthy controls are providing insights into the neurobiological correlates of cannabis-related transient psychotic symptoms and neuro-cognitive impairments [26] – [29] .
Schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders.
In case-control studies [36],[37], patients with schizophrenia are more likely to use cannabis than other psychiatric patients or normal controls [38]. The prevalence of use in patients with schizophrenia has varied between studies but it is generally higher than rates in the general population [38],[39].
Cross-sectional community surveys of psychiatric disorders have also documented higher rates of substance use disorders among persons with schizophrenia [40]. Nearly half of the patients identified with schizophrenia in the US ECA study had a diagnosis of substance abuse or dependence (28% for an illicit drug disorder) [41],[42]. In an Australian population-based survey, 11.5% of those who reported that they had been diagnosed with schizophrenia met ICD-10 criteria for a cannabis use disorder in the past 12 mo, and 21.2% met criteria for an alcohol use disorder. After adjusting for confounding variables, those who met criteria for cannabis dependence were 2.9 times more likely to report that they had been diagnosed with schizophrenia than those who did not [1].
The first evidence that cannabis use may precipitate schizophrenia came from a 15-y prospective study of cannabis use and schizophrenia in 50,465 Swedish conscripts [43]. This study investigated the relationship between self-reported cannabis use at age 18 y and the risk of being diagnosed with schizophrenia in the Swedish psychiatric case register during the next 15 y. Those who had tried cannabis by age 18 y were 2.4 times more likely to receive a diagnosis of schizophrenia than those who had not. The risk of a diagnosis of schizophrenia was related to cannabis use in a dose-response way to the number of times cannabis had been used by age 18. Compared to those who had not used cannabis, the risk of developing schizophrenia was 1.3 times higher for those who had used cannabis one to ten times, three times higher for those who had used cannabis between one and 50 times, and six times higher for those who had used cannabis more than 50 times. These results remained after statistical adjustment for two variables that were related to the risk of developing schizophrenia (personal history of psychiatric disorder and parental divorce).
A number of longitudinal studies have since been reported that have all supported the findings of the Andreassen et al. study. Zammit et al. reported a follow up of the Swedish cohort study, reporting on risk over a 27-y follow up that covers most of the risk period for the onset of psychotic disorders in a cohort that was first studied when 18–20 y old [35]. This study improved on the earlier study in a number of ways. The psychiatric register provided more complete coverage of all cases diagnosed with schizophrenia; there was better statistical control of a larger number of potential confounding variables, including other drug use, IQ, known risk factors for schizophrenia, and social integration; the study distinguished between cases that occurred in the first 5 y of the study period and those that occurred more than 5 y afterwards in order to look at the possible role of a syndrome; and the study undertook separate analyses in those who only reported using cannabis at the initial assessment.
Zammit et al. [35] also found cannabis use at baseline predicted an increased risk of schizophrenia during the follow-up period. There was a dose-response relationship with frequency of use, which persisted after statistical control for confounders, including a history of psychiatric symptoms at baseline. The same relationships were observed in the subset of the sample who only reported cannabis use at baseline and among cases diagnosed in the first 5 y after assessment and for the subsequent 22 y.
Zammit et al.'s findings were consistent with those of a study conducted by Van Os and colleagues [34]. This was a 3-y longitudinal study of the relationship between self-reported cannabis use and psychosis in a community sample of 4,848 people in the Netherlands. Participants were assessed at baseline on cannabis and other drug use. Psychotic symptoms were assessed using a computerised diagnostic interview. A diagnosis of psychosis was validated in positive cases by a diagnostic telephone interview with a psychiatrist or psychologist. A consensus clinical judgement was made on the basis of the interview material as to whether individuals had a psychotic disorder for which they were in need of psychiatric care.
Van Os et al. replicated and extended the findings of the Swedish cohort in a number of important ways. First, cannabis use at baseline predicted an increased risk of psychotic symptoms during the follow-up period in individuals who had not reported psychiatric symptoms at baseline. Second, there was a dose-response relationship between frequency of cannabis use at baseline and risk of psychotic symptoms during the follow-up period. Third, the relationship between cannabis use and psychotic symptoms persisted when they statistically controlled for the effects of other drug use. Fourth, the relationship between cannabis use and psychotic symptoms was stronger for cases with more severe psychotic symptoms that were adjudged to need psychiatric care. Fifth, those who reported any psychotic symptoms at baseline were more likely to develop schizophrenia if they used cannabis than were individuals who were not so vulnerable.
A study by Henquet et al. [33] replicated the Swedish and Dutch studies in a 4-y follow up of a cohort of 2,437 adolescents and young adults between 1995 and 1999 in Munich. Their participants were assessed at baseline on cannabis use and psychotic symptoms using a questionnaire. Psychotic symptoms were assessed in early adulthood using the Composite International Diagnostic Interview. They found a dose-response relationship between self-reported cannabis use at baseline and the likelihood of reporting psychotic symptoms. As in the Dutch cohort, young people who reported psychotic symptoms at baseline were much more likely to experience psychotic symptoms at follow up if they used cannabis than were peers who did not have such a history.
Arseneault et al. reported a prospective study of the relationship between adolescent cannabis use and psychosis in young adults in a New Zealand birth cohort (n = 759). Participants were assessed intensively on risk factors for psychotic symptoms and disorders since birth [32], and psychotic disorders were conservatively assessed according to DSM-IV diagnostic criteria, with corroborative reports from family members or friends on social adjustment. They assessed psychotic symptoms at age 11 y before onset of cannabis use and distinguished between early and late onset of cannabis use. They also examined the specificity of the association between cannabis use and psychosis by conducting analyses of the effects of: (1) other drug use on psychotic symptoms and disorders; and (2) cannabis use on depressive disorders.
Arseneault et al. found a relationship between cannabis use by age 15 y and an increased risk of schizophreniform disorder by age 26 y. Controlling for other drug use did not affect the relationship. The relationship was no longer statistically significant after adjustment for reporting psychotic symptoms at age 11 y, which probably reflected the small number of psychotic disorders observed in the sample. The small number of cases also limited the ability of the study to examine predictors of psychotic disorders at age 26 y. The measurement of cannabis and other drug use was crude (viz, none, 1–2 times, and 3 or more times), although this was more likely to work against finding relationships.
There was also specificity in the effects of cannabis on schizophreniform disorder: there was no relationship between other drug use and psychotic disorders, and no relationship between cannabis use and depression. There was also an interaction between psychosis risk and age of onset of cannabis use, with earlier onset being more strongly related to psychosis. There was also the suggestion of an interaction between cannabis use and vulnerability, with a higher risk of psychosis among cannabis users who reported psychotic symptoms at age 11 y.
Caspi and colleagues subsequently used the cohort to examine an interaction between cannabis use and a functional polymorphism of the COMT gene that codes for dopamine in their effects on the risk of psychosis [44]. They found that the 25% of the cohort who were homozygous for the polymorphism and used cannabis were 10.9 times more likely to have developed a schizophreniform disorder than peers with the same polymorphism who did not use cannabis. In the absence of this polymorphism, young adults who used cannabis were not at any increased risk of psychosis.
Apart from clinical diagnoses, several longitudinal studies have also examined the relationship between cannabis use and subclinical (or isolated) psychotic symptoms. Fergusson, Horwood, and Swain-Campbell have reported a longitudinal study of the relationship between cannabis dependence at age 18 y and the number of psychotic symptoms reported at age 21 y in the Christchurch birth cohort in New Zealand [45]. They assessed cannabis dependence using DSM-IV criteria and psychotic symptoms were assessed by ten items from the SCL-90. Because this was a birth cohort that had been assessed throughout childhood and adolescence Fergusson et al. were able to adjust for a large number of potential confounding variables, including self-reported psychotic symptoms at the previous assessment, other drug use, and other psychiatric disorders. They found that cannabis dependence at age 18 y predicted an increased risk of psychotic symptoms at age 21 y (relative risk [RR] of 2.3). This association was smaller but still significant after adjustment for potential confounders (RR of 1.8). More recently, Fergusson and colleagues examined the association between cannabis and psychotic symptoms until age 25 y with the same cohort of young adults, using a more sophisticated structural equations modelling design that accounted for both observed and nonobserved confounding factors [31]. As with their earlier study, they concluded that the association between cannabis and psychosis did not appear to be explained by confounding factors, and that the direction of the association appeared to be from cannabis use to symptoms of psychosis rather than vice versa.
One study of high risk young people has failed to report an association between cannabis use and psychosis risk. This study identified 100 young people at “ultra high” risk for psychosis [46] because of family history or prodromal symptoms of psychosis (on the basis of one or more of the following: schizophrenia in a first degree relative; the presence of attenuated psychotic symptoms; or a brief limited psychosis) in whom 18% reported symptoms of cannabis dependence in the past year. They assessed whether cannabis users were more likely to develop psychosis in the following year, but did not find any association, regardless of the frequency of cannabis use.
Increasingly, researchers in the field of psychosis are examining the concept of psychotic spectrum features as risk factors for psychosis [47]. Recent work has found that these symptoms are common in the general population distribution and can persist over a 20-y period. Two major trajectories have been identified: persistent “schizophrenic nuclear symptoms” (which resemble psychosis) and persistent “schizotypal symptoms” (more closely resembling schizotypal personality disorder) [47]. Cannabis use during adolescence has been found to be associated with “high load” schizophrenia nuclear symptoms during adulthood—but not so for the schizotypal symptom cluster. More frequent cannabis use was more strongly associated with persistent high load symptoms for the entire follow-up period. These findings suggest that there may be different aetiological dimensions for these two symptom dimensions, with an interaction between biological vulnerability and unique psychosocial risk factors for each symptom cluster; limitations of the study included the small number of cases, the use of open ended interviews, and the use of multiple analyses.
Lake Effect Ice Cream is opening its second scoop shop this spring, on Hertel Avenue.
The Lockport-based company has been dishing up cones, sundaes and more from its Lockport parlor, 79 Canal St., since 2013.
By Memorial Day, owners Erik Bernardi and Jason Wulf expect to open at 1900 Hertel Ave., formerly Vasili's Express. That makes three new ice cream places expected on Hertel this summer, following announcements from Allen Street Poutine and Lloyd Taco Factory.
"We know that a lot of people travel to get to us" in Lockport, Wulf said. If Lake Effect fans are willing to drive that far, "we thought we should be able to do pretty good on Hertel."
The new shop will offer everything the Lockport store does – more than 20 flavors of ice cream, cakes, novelties, and shakes. "It'll have all the flavors, and we may do some custom flavors for that area," said Wulf.
The company also recently completed its purchase of a 7,000-square-foot Lockport building to use for production and ice cream storage, they said. "We have a new 20-by-40-food freezer built in it, and are putting in a new kitchen."
[Check out the Warm Front Floats Lake Effect introduced this fall]
Lake Effect Ice Cream is also available at area stores, including about 30 Wegmans and Tops supermarkets.
Send restaurant tips to agalarneau@buffnews.com and follow @BuffaloFood on Instagram and Twitter.
19th October 2016
1 in 4 millennials would prefer a giant meteor strike to 2016 U.S. presidential candidates
Nearly a quarter of Americans aged 18 to 35 would rather see a giant meteor strike the Earth than see either Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump in the White House, according to the University of Massachusetts Lowell/Odyssey Millennials poll released yesterday.
The poll asked millennials to choose their preference between Hillary Clinton as president, Donald Trump as president, a random lottery to choose the president from all U.S. citizens, Barack Obama appointing themselves to a life term as president, or a giant meteor striking the Earth and extinguishing all human life. Over a Clinton or Trump presidency, 39% of those surveyed said they preferred Obama serve a life term; 26% prefer a random lottery to choose the next president and 23% (nearly 1 in 4) prefer a giant meteor strike.
The national poll – conducted from 10th-13th October – asked millennials (1247 American adults aged 18-35; 966 registered voters; 680 likely voters) about their attitudes and opinions on the upcoming election, from irreverent options to the candidates to serious issues such as race relations, immigration and the legalisation of marijuana.
"We do not take our respondents at their word that they are earnestly interested in seeing the world end, but we do take their willingness to rank two constitutional crises and a giant meteor ahead of these two candidates with startling frequency as a sign of displeasure and disaffection with the candidates and the 2016 election," said Prof. Joshua Dyck, co-director of UMass Lowell's Center for Public Opinion, who wrote and analysed the independent, nonpartisan poll.
By a 3-to-1 margin, millennials who are "likely" voters prefer Democrat Hillary Clinton to Republican Donald Trump in a head-to-head race for president, 66% to 22%, with 12% undecided. When third-party candidates are included, Clinton gets 61% of likely voters' support, Trump stays at 22%, Libertarian Gary Johnson gets 9%, Jill Stein of the Green Party gets 5% and only 3% are undecided.
Hillary Clinton Democratic Party 61% Donald Trump Republican Party 22% Gary Johnson Libertarian Party 9% Jill Stein Green Party 5% Undecided 3%
The poll found that millennials dislike Trump and have reservations about Clinton. Trump is viewed favourably by only 25% of registered voters surveyed, compared to 72% who view them unfavourably. Only 19% view them as level-headed, 20% said they had the right experience to be president and 23% believe they care about people like them. Majorities of respondents also said they view Trump as dishonest, lacking leadership and someone who would not bring the right kind of change to the country. 63% of likely voters said they should drop out of the presidential race.
When it came to Hillary Clinton, 56% of those surveyed said they view them favourably, far less than the approval rating for Bernie Sanders (73%) and Barack Obama (71%). Clinton's biggest liability, according to the millennials surveyed, is honesty (only 36% say they are honest) and 46% said they take responsibility for their mistakes. 71% said they believe they are intelligent (compared to 35% for Trump), 67% said they have the right experience to be president (compared to 20% for Trump) and 60% said they are level-headed (compared to 19% for Trump). However, millennials are split on whether they care about people like them (55% said yes, 45% said no) and whether they would bring the right kind of change to the country (51% yes to 49% no).
Millennials were also asked how they would vote if Bernie Sanders was the Democratic candidate instead of Hillary Clinton. In a head-to-head matchup between Trump and Sanders, 67% of millennials would choose Sanders compared to 23% for Trump and 10% were undecided, the same margin (44%) by which Clinton leads Trump in a head-to-head matchup of likely voters. However, among those surveyed who said they were "not likely" to vote, Sanders leads Trump 63% to 15%, with 22% undecided, compared to Clinton leading Trump 42% to 21% with 37% undecided among the same group. The results could be an indicator that Sanders supporters in the millennial age group are still unwilling to support Clinton, and may not plan to vote in the election as a result. However, among Sanders supporters who do intend to vote, they are choosing Clinton over Trump.
Survey respondents were also asked who they would vote for if it was Republican vice presidential candidate Mike Pence, rather than Trump, facing Clinton for the presidency. The poll found Clinton leads Pence among likely voters 63% to 21%, a margin that is almost identical to their lead over Trump.
These results could indicate that, regardless of who the candidates are, millennial voters' preferences are influenced by party identification. Millennials are identifying as Democrats by a nearly 3-to-1 margin. This trend may be a troubling one for the Republican Party if millennials continue on the same ideological path in the future.
“In the 2004 election, young voters were closely divided," said Prof. Dyck. "Democrat John Kerry won 18- to 29-year-olds by 11 points. But since 2008, we have seen a significant shift, with millennials abandoning the GOP in large numbers. The nomination of Donald Trump appears only to have made things worse for Republicans, with fewer than 1 in 4 likely voters 18 to 35 years old supporting the candidate. Since party identification is something that people tend to carry with them throughout their lives, the GOP is not just digging a hole in this election, but also setting the stage for future losses as millennials get older and become a bigger part of the electorate.”
Michael Luciano, director of editorial innovation for Odyssey, echoed that opinion: “Among millennials, Hillary Clinton is beating Donald Trump by a significantly larger margin than we saw Barack Obama beat John McCain and Mitt Romney in 2008 and 2012, respectively. As the largest demographic in the country, millennials are going to play an increasingly bigger role in elections in the coming years. If Republicans want to be competitive in future presidential races, they need to reverse what they should consider a troubling trend among the millennial generation.”
Other findings from the poll include:
• The only issue that a clear majority of 18-35 year olds agree on is supporting the legalisation and usage of recreational marijuana (58%).
• Trust in government institutions is low – except for teachers, universities, military, police and fire departments.
• Millennials do not believe you can be too careful in dealing with others (58%), think that people are mostly looking out for themselves (55%) and that most people would take advantage if they got the chance (70%).
• Racial disparities are evident throughout question responses, indicating very different perspective on racial discrimination between white and non-white millennials.
The full results of the UMass Lowell/Odyssey Millennials poll are available here: https://www.uml.edu/docs/TOPLINE-Millennials_tcm18-263895.pdf
Image credits:
Hillary Clinton, by US Department of State, [Public domain], via Wikimedia Commons
Donald Trump, by Michael Vadon [CC BY-SA 2.0], via Wikimedia Commons
Gary Johnson, by Gary Johnson [CC BY 2.0], via Wikimedia Commons
Jill Stein, by Gage Skidmore [CC BY-SA 3.0], via Wikimedia Commons
Giant Meteor 2016: Amazon
---
• Follow us on Twitter
• Follow us on Facebook
Comments »
Subscribe to spoiled NYC's official newsletter, The Stoop , for the best news, eats, drinks, places to go, and things to do.
Because it's officially the holiday season in New York City, there's news of this from the wonderful folks over at the MTA:
"For four consecutive Sundays in December, subway customers can catch the “Shoppers Special,” a train consisting of eight cars from the 1930s that ran along the lettered lines until the late 1970s.
The cars, which were ordered for the Independent Subway System (IND), were the first subway cars to be identified by their contract numbers, hence the R1/9 designations.
R1/9 cars, known as ““City-Cars,” have rattan seats, ceiling fans, incandescent light bulbs, and roll signs for passenger information.
Their design of more doors that were also wider and faster, plus increased standing capacity to accommodate crowds, served as the model of modern subway cars, and their dimensions are identical to the latest R160 cars. They were retired from service in 1977."
“For all intents and purposes, this was the first modern subway car and today's subway fleets owe a lot to the design,” said Joe Leader, Senior Vice President of Subways.
“They were basic, durable and offered the expected levels of customer comfort for decades after they were introduced into service. We continue to build upon this strong foundation with each new car design.”
Is it just us or do these holiday trains actually make the price of subway ride less... painful on our minds (and wallets)?
Check out The Definitive Guide to Proper Subway Etiquette in NYC.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Susanne Sokolow: "The prawns voraciously eat the snails"
Making sure certain rivers are fully stocked with prawns could prove to be an important contribution to fighting schistosomiasis.
The parasitic worm disease is endemic in many parts of the tropics and sub-tropics. Africa is a hotspot.
But it has been shown that prawns will avidly eat the water snails that host the parasite, breaking the cycle of infection that includes people.
The impact was most eloquently demonstrated on the Senegal River.
There, the Diama Dam was built close to the estuary in 1986, blocking the ability of prawns to migrate up and down the water course, decimating their presence.
When scientists restocked the crustaceans upstream of the barrier in a controlled experiment, they saw a dramatic fall in schistosomiasis re-infection rates among the local population.
But the ecological consequences of dam construction are often complex and hard to unwrap, and the team could not therefore know for sure how applicable this approach might be to other areas.
So they did an analysis - to look at multiple dam systems worldwide to see how these mapped across decades-long records of schistosomiasis and the traditional habitat ranges of the large migratory prawn, Macrobrachium.
Image copyright Upstream Alliance
To be clear, no-one actually went out into the field to count prawns, but the results of the analysis were nonetheless compelling: damming was followed by greater increases in schistosomiasis in those areas where prawns had historically been present versus those zones not known to be big prawn habitats.
The inference being that the loss of the crustaceans was a major factor in the rise in infection.
“Where there were dams, schistosomiasis increased, but it increased more - at least double on average - where we expected these predators to be, traditionally - compared to those dammed watersheds where they have not been,” explained Dr Susanne Sokolow from Stanford University and UC Santa Barbara, US.
And their colleague, Prof Giulio De Leo, added: “We ended up finding that something like 280 million to 350 million people live in areas that are endemic for schistosomiasis and could potentially benefit from this type of intervention (prawn re-introduction).
“We are talking in fact about 40% of the 800 million people that are potentially at risk of schistosomiasis and this is because most of the people tend to concentrate in coastal areas where there is also historical presence of these migratory prawns that happen to be voracious predators of the snails that amplify schistosomiasis.”
Sokolow and De Leo gave details of their latest work at the recent American Geophysical Union meeting in San Francisco.
Image copyright Chelsea Wood Image caption The Diama Dam allowed for the expansion of agriculture along the Senegal River
Diama Dam was built to prevent salt water getting upstream
Its construction permitted the growth of agriculture
Schistosomiasis infection rose rapidly after dam construction
The disease is caused by parasitic worms, Schistosoma spp
In larval form, these parasites latch on to water snails
Once mature, they release into the river to infect humans
People get fever-like symptoms, abdominal pain, diarrhoea
Infection rates coincided with the loss of river prawns
Dams will hinder the crustaceans's ability to reproduce
Satellites track snail disease risk
They are now working with various groups in Africa (the Upstream Alliance) to try to develop sustainable means of maintaining prawns in affected rivers.
Image copyright CHELSEA WOOD Image caption Praziquantel: A highly effective treatment but it does not stop re-infection
This includes prawn aquaculture farms. The crustaceans are corralled in netted areas close to the river bank to keep on top of the snails and then harvested for food. Schistosomiasis cannot be caught by eating the prawns, so it is a strategy that has economic as well as a health benefits.
The team is also examining the role other predators could play, such as catfish and ducks. Both will eat freshwater snails.
Another idea is to tackle the problem at source - the dam. It should be possible to retrofit barriers with some kind of prawn bypass, akin to the “ladders” that aid salmon in other parts of the world to get to their upstream spawning grounds.
The capital investment required at existing dams could be very large, however.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Giulio De Leo: "We want to identify other candidate sites around the world"
The native African prawn Macrobrachium vollenhovenii is the focus of attention and biotechnology (non GM) techniques are available that allow all-male progeny to be produced in aquaculture farms.
Using only males is preferable on a few counts. They grow fast and big and consume more snails, but being male they do not need to migrate in the same way as females, which require a saline estuary for spawning - so the dam becomes less of an issue.
But prawns are not a “silver bullet”, cautions Dr Sokolow. A suite of solutions will ultimately be necessary.
“There's a drug treatment that works very well - praziquantel. It clears the worms out of people and is 98-99% effective. Unfortunately, it doesn't have lasting effects, so people the very next day - people living in poverty, especially, where there isn't clean and safe water to access - are back out in the rivers and streams getting re-infected," they told BBC News.
“Clearly, there are other factors in play, such as the building up of agricultural systems that follow the construction of the dams. That increases population densities and potentially puts agrochemicals in the river that influences the system. But when you add in the loss of the prawns, the situation becomes worse; and it suggests that this tool of restoring prawns could be a big factor in helping to reduce and mitigate the impact of dams on schistosomiasis.”
P: n/a Rory Becker >>Extreme example - what is the type of x below?
dim x= 4294967295 Whatever numeric type is nessecary to store 4294967295.
***exactly my point *** If you are looking at printed output do you
want to go and use Calculator to determine the datatype? Ok sure and granted you did ask "what is the type of x". But I guess my point
is why do you need to know. Studio/.Net will work it our for you.
Now I'll also grant that there are times when you need to constrain the data
by a type because of some requirement based on say database column size.
but aren't there cases where you simply don't care as long as it works.
I hate personally don't like the idea of dynamic types where x might be an
integer in one moment and then act like a strign the next. But this isn't
that. It's just allowing the IDE/.Net to work out what is neccesary in a
given case.
--
Rory
Ok sure and granted you did ask "what is the type of x". But I guess my pointis why do you need to know. Studio/.Net will work it our for you.Now I'll also grant that there are times when you need to constrain the databy a type because of some requirement based on say database column size.but aren't there cases where you simply don't care as long as it works.I hate personally don't like the idea of dynamic types where x might be aninteger in one moment and then act like a strign the next. But this isn'tthat. It's just allowing the IDE/.Net to work out what is neccesary in agiven case.--Rory Nov 19 '07 # 10
Republican lawmakers consistently claim that the Obamacare marketplaces are collapsing, so they need to pass a bill to repeal and replace the health law.
“The marketplace is collapsing, and countless more Americans will get hurt if we don't act,” Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said on the Senate floor last month.
“We'll move ahead with deliberate speed,” Sen. Lamar Alexander (R-TN) said in a recent speech. “We're doing that because exchanges are collapsing.”
The marketplaces, though, have refused to cooperate. They are not working perfectly — but they are far from ruinous demise, experts say. But the Republican replacement plan, introduced Thursday, could change that. It contains several provisions that could accelerate the crumbling of the marketplaces and leave millions of Americans with no health care options.
“Honestly, the marketplaces are in okay shape,” says David Anderson, a research associate at Duke University who studies the individual market. “The amount of competition isn't where some people would like it to be, but this isn't collapsed.”
We know what Obamacare collapse would look like. Insurance plans would be fleeing the marketplaces en masse, refusing to sell coverage in the individual market. People who buy their own plans would be left with few to no options.
This is not the scenario we're in in almost all of the country. It is true there are 46 counties that lack Obamacare plans signed up to sell 2018 coverage. It is also true there are 967 counties that have three or more competitors in the marketplace.
“I don't view this as a crisis,” says Caroline Pearson, a senior vice president with the health research firm Avalere. “For most enrollees, the marketplaces are still functional and still provide coverage options.”
So far, we've seen some health insurance companies exiting the Affordable Care Act marketplaces — but we've also seen some health plans expanding their footprint. There are a handful of trouble spots where no health plans want to sell coverage, but we also have a number of instances this year where insurers have identified those gaps and decided to fill them in.
“There is a small minority of rural markets — we think it's about 1 percent of counties — that have no 2018 plans signed up,” Pearson says. “But most markets have insurers. Most markets have multiple insurers.”
Obamacare's marketplaces aren't doing great, but they aren't collapsing
The Affordable Care Act marketplaces have struggled since their launch to attract the robust competition the law's architects desired. Where the drafters envisioned vibrant insurance markets, we've instead seen many monopolies and duopolies.
The marketplaces aren't what the ACA's boosters hoped for, but they're mostly functioning. The health law's subsidies coupled with the mandate to purchase insurance have meant that the marketplaces did expand coverage to about 10 million individuals. The subsidies in particular have held down the prices that marketplace enrollees pay out of pocket, meaning that this group is largely insulated from significant rate hikes.
Over the past few months, we've seen health insurers announcing their 2018 plans for Obamacare, where they'll sell coverage, and what places they'll leave.
Some insurers have quit the marketplace, often citing the financial losses they've experienced in the past three years and the uncertainty of the current moment in health care.
Most recently, Anthem announced it would leave the Indiana and Wisconsin marketplaces due to “a shrinking and deteriorating individual market, as well as continual changes and uncertainty in federal operations.”
Iowa saw a major health plan, Wellmark, quit its marketplace earlier this year. And the national health plan Humana largely pulled out of Obamacare in January, leaving 18 counties around Knoxville, Tennessee, with no options at all.
The most concerning areas of the marketplace are the counties where no insurance plans want to sell coverage. Right now, these are mostly rural counties concentrated in Ohio and Missouri.
But the market is still fluid, Pearson says, and they expect some of those counties to get filled as insurers see a business opportunity in being the only plan in the market.
“The announcements will continue to trickle out until open enrollment,” they say. “The worst-case scenario seems to be some number of counties being uncovered, but we also don't know which insurers might jump in.”
Case in point: When Cigna's exit left those counties around Knoxville without any plans, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Tennessee swooped in and said it would sell coverage in the area.
On the other side of the country in Washington state, a local health plan did the same thing: Premera announced it would cover a small county on the Pacific Coast that had been left with no options after another insurer pulled out.
Insurance exits that Republicans predicted would decimate the Obamacare marketplace never happened. For example: When the House passed its health repeal bill last month, top legislators kept talking about the dire situation in Iowa — how the state would have 94 of its 99 counties with no Obamacare options if an insurance plan called Medica decided to quit.
“Now 94 of the 99 counties will have no insurer in Iowa — 94 of the 99 counties in Iowa will have no insurer,” House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy said at the time.
What McCarthy didn't mention: That health insurance plan has decided to stay in Iowa. It didn't quit, and every Iowa county has at least one option.
“We've filed with the intent to provide access to insurance for all Iowans, whether they are farmers, small business owners or other individuals who need coverage,” Medica said in a statement this week announcing its decision.
A handful of insurance plans are even expanding their presence on the marketplace.
The health plan Centene announced in mid-June that it would start selling Obamacare coverage in three additional states beyond those where it already participated in 2017. That expansion may cover some of the counties in Ohio and Missouri that lack insurers, although the company has not released a map of its coverage area yet.
And the health startup Oscar announced Wednesday it would continue selling coverage in the New York marketplace while expanding into five additional states.
“We see an opportunity in these places,” Oscar chief executive Mario Schlosser said in an interview.
The Senate bill could create a death spiral by killing the individual mandate
Observers worry that the Senate bill could damage the individual market badly, pushing it toward collapse by weakening the incentives healthy people have to purchase coverage.
The Senate bill would keep the Affordable Care Act's requirement that insurers have to cover everyone, including people with expensive preexisting conditions. It mandates that insurers offer sick and people and healthy people the same premiums too.
But the Senate bill doesn't require all Americans to purchase health coverage, as the Affordable Care Act does. The requirement to buy insurance or pay a fine was one of Obamacare's least popular provisions, but it was necessary. If the law was going to keep premiums affordable and allow sick people with expensive medical conditions to buy coverage, it would need to get healthy people to buy plans too. The healthy people in any insurance market subsidize the higher spenders.
An insurance market where insurers have to cover everyone but people don't have to sign up is a recipe for a death spiral. Premiums would likely rise as only the people who actually need health insurance coverage purchase plans and healthy people decide to take the risk of remaining uninsured.
One element of the bill that would protect against a death spiral would be the tax credits offered to low-income Americans, which limit how much they have to spend on a health insurance plan.
At the same time, the type of plans the Senate bill subsidizes are unlikely to be very attractive to healthy consumers. They would cover, on average, 58 percent of a consumer's costs. This is a relatively ungenerous plan; it means that on average, the individual ends up paying 42 percent of their health care bill through some combination of deductibles and co-payments.
“Why would you pay to enroll in that kind of plan if there was no penalty?” former Republican Senate health aide Rodney Whitlock says. “If you're paying so much of your own money upfront just to get through the deductible, there isn't much to the plan.”
Republicans have long predicted an Obamacare death spiral. So far, it hasn't happened. But their plan would near certainly move the individual market much more in that direction.
The Senate health bill: poor people pay more for worse insurance
Here today we can reveal the cover artwork WWE TLC 2013!
Tables, Ladders & Chairs 2013 will be released only on DVD format in the United States, while a Blu-ray edition is scheduled for release in the United Kingdom and Europe.
Click here to pre-order a copy now with Amazon.com.
Match Listing
3-on-1 Handicap Match
CM Punk vs. The Shield (Dean Ambrose, Seth Rollins & Roman Reigns) WWE Divas Championship Match
AJ Lee vs. Natalya WWE Intercontinental Championship Match
Big E Langston vs. Damien Sandow Fatal 4-Way Elimination Match for the WWE Tag Team Championship
Cody Rhodes & Goldust vs. Ryback & Curtis Axel vs. Big Show & Rey Mysterio vs. The Real Americans (Jack Swagger & Antonio Cesaro) R-Truth vs. Brodus Clay No Disqualification Match
Kofi Kingston vs. The Miz 3-on-1 Handicap Match
Daniel Bryan vs. The Wyatt Family Tables, Ladders & Chairs Match to Unify the WWE Championship and World Heavyweight Championship
Randy Orton vs. John Cena
The DVD extras for WWE TLC 2013 will be announced soon. Stay tuned!
I've been watching Bravo's Extreme Guide To Parenting because in my house train wreck plus reality TV equals relaxation. I'm seriously beginning to doubt my decision to do so. Last night's episode, about a mother who is still so scarred by their parents' divorce that they take out all of their issues on their four-year-old made me want to set my television on fire.
Last night's episode was all about “push-parenting.” Marisa Silver-Eisenberg is a Long Island mother who pushes their 4-year-old son Austin to perfection constantly – even depriving them of food until they jump through whatever performance hoop they deem necessary. She's seen berating them about their penmanship, saying “You know what. I don't think you did good. Sorry sir. No breakfast. Do it again.” They seriously won't let the hungry kid eat until they write their last name over and over again.
In one particularly disturbing scene, Austin is scared of the thought of getting into the pool at their summer camp without a floatation vest. When they look on the verge of tears, their mother reprimands him, saying, “I don't like them to show weakness.” Other scenes show them pushing them to work out with them at the gym, constantly telling them they need to be “the best” and bragging about how they are going to be president some day. They even quiz them about political figures as soon as they open their eyes in the morning.
Midway through the show we see where their issues come from – their parents divorced when they were young and they feel like them and their brother did not get enough attention. They feel that if they were pushed a little harder, they would be so much better off. They already own two businesses, but claims if they were “pushed” they would own four. Here they break down in tears, talking about their trauma around their parents' divorce. I guess we are supposed to feel sorry for them I don't.
Pretty much everyone I know is a child of divorce. I'm not saying it's not a traumatic situation, I'm just saying this woman is in their late thirties and needs to get over it. Get some therapy. Work on yourself. Don't have children to right the issues in your own life. That's unfair and abusive.
Our children don't come into the world to validate our existence. They are their own beings – and they need to find their own paths. Whenever I see a parent like Marisa relentlessly pushing their child because of their own demons – I'm disgusted. Not to mention the fact that “perfection” is bullshit. Perfection is the little voice in your head that says “I'm not good enough.” The only thing this mom is doing is making this voice scream loudly in the head of their child. They resent their parents for not pushing them enough and in turn is raising a child who will probably resent the hell out of them for pushing them too much.
Links from the Gawker network of sites have been banned from the Reddit US Politics sub-forum, r/politics. The ban was instigated by a moderator after a Gawker.com journalist, Adrian Chen, apparently threatened to expose the real-life identity of redditor violentacrez, the creator of r/jailbait and r/creepshots. These two sub-forums, or "subreddits" were dedicated to, respectively, sexualised pictures of under-18s and sexualised pictures of women – frequently also under-age – taken in public without their knowledge or consent.
Both subreddits have since been deleted. The first went in a cull of similarly paedophilic subreddits in August last year, which also took down r/teen_girls and r/jailbaitgw ("gone wild", as in "girls gone wild"). The second was made private and then deleted due to the fallout from Chen's investigation.
According to leaked chatlogs, Chen was planning to reveal the real name of violentacrez, and approached them – because come on, it's a – for comment. That sparked panic behind the scenes, and eventually prompted violentacrez to delete their account.
Reddit's attitude to free speech is a complex one. The extreme laissez-fair attitude of reddit's owners and administrators (the site is owned by Condé Nast, which doesn't interfere in the day-to-day management, and similarly the site administrators typically refuse to police any sub-forums) means that replacements for r/creepshots will likely spring up again, albeit more underground. Indeed, r/creepyshots was started then closed within a day. The ability of any redditor to create any subreddit they want, without the site's administration getting involved, is fiercely protected by the community, and that has led to subreddits focused on topics ranging from marijuana use and My-Little-Pony-themed pornography to beating women (also moderated by violentacrez) and, until yesterday, creepshots.
The moderators of the r/politics subreddit apparently consider Chen's attempt to find out more about violentacrez – a practice known as doxxing – to be in violation of this covenant. They write:
As moderators, we feel that this type of behavior is completely intolerable. We volunteer our time on Reddit to make it a better place for the users, and should not be harassed and threatened for that. We should all be afraid of the threat of having our personal information investigated and spread around the internet if someone disagrees with you. Reddit prides itself on having a subreddit for everything, and no matter how much anyone may disapprove of what another user subscribes to, that is never a reason to threaten them. [emphasis original]
It is important to note that the action is taken only by the moderators of r/politics, and not reddit as a whole. Nonetheless, r/politics is an extremely busy subreddit, one of the defaults to which all new redditors are subscribed, and has almost two million subscribed readers, and likely an order of magnitude more who read without subscribing. Of the last 23 gawker.com links posted to reddit, five went to r/politics.
The whole affair has an extra level of irony, because in hoping to post online publicly available information against violentacrez wishes, Chen was doing exactly the same thing which violentacrez and other moderators of r/creepshots claimed was legal and ethical. By requiring that all photos be taken in a public area – and, after a public outcry, banning photos taken in schools or featuring under-18-year-olds – they hoped to stay on the right side of the law. Even then, however, the rules were regularly flouted, with a de facto "don't ask, don't tell" policy about location and age of the subjects of the photos.
Whether or not Chen publishes the violentacrez "outing", a group of anonymous sleuths tried to take the same idea further. A now-deleted tumblr, predditors, linked reddit usernames to real people. One user, for example, had the same username on reddit.com and music site last.fm, and the last.fm profile contained a link to their Facebook page. Cross-referencing comments about their age, university and hometown allowed the connection to be confirmed, and meant that the blog could put a name and a face to comments like "NIGGERS GET THE KNIFE" and submissions like "a gallery of my personal collection of shorts, thongs, and ass".
Jezebel interviewed the woman behind predditors, who argued that:
CreepShots is a gateway drug to more dangerous hobbies. Fetishizing non-consent "indicates [that CreepShots posters] don't view women as people, and most will not be satisfied with just that level of violation," they said. "I want to make sure that the people around these men know what they're doing so they can reap social, professional, or legal consequences, and possibly save women from future sexual assault. These men are dangerous."
Whether or not she's right, the site is certainly incredibly creepy, and it's hard to feel too sorry for men merely getting a taste of their own medicine. But as this debate has spilled over into the more mainstream areas of the site, Reddit risks becoming increasingly associated with defending the rights of its users to post jailbait and creepshots in the minds of the public.
Update
Tumblr has reinstated the Predditors blog, and tells me that:
This blog was mistakenly suspended under the impression that it was revealing private, rather than publicly-available, information. We are restoring the blog.
The (anonymous) administrator of the blog itself appears to have set a password on it, however, putting a lid on how far it can go.
Update, 6:15 p.m: Manny Montana (“Graceland,” “Blackhat”) has joined the cast. They will play the role of Frankie Rios, a street-savvy, boyish former inmate who's in charge of forensics. While in prison, they took courses and later went on to get a masters degree. Montana is repped by Innovative Artists and Trademark Talent.
Previous, 10:15 a.m: Emily Kinney has been cast in ABC's pilot “Conviction,” Variety has learned. “The Walking Dead” alum joins Hayley Atwell and Shawn Ashmore in the drama.
“Conviction” tells the story of young attorney Carter Morrison (Attwell), the brilliant but rebel daughter of a former President, who is blackmailed into taking a job as the head of Los Angeles' newly created Conviction Integrity Unit. She, along with their team of lawyers, investigators and forensic experts, work together to examine cases where there's credible suspicion that the wrong person may have been convicted of a crime.
Kinney will play Tess Thompson, the paralegal for the Unit team who is extremely bright, but a bit naive and occasionally, an underlying dark sadness emerges. Tess used to work for the Innocence Project, but decided to work for CIU because they think they can make a bigger impact working more cases from inside the system.  They are a true believer in the cause of wrongful convictions — for reasons that they keep secret.
Related ‘Agent Carter' Star Hayley Atwell Cast in ABC Legal Pilot ‘Conviction' ‘Designated Survivor' Casts Kal Penn, Maggie Q, Natascha McElhone, Italia Ricci
Kinney played Beth Greene on “The Walking Dead” from Season 2 and until character's death in the fifth season. She's also appeared in “The Knick,” “Masters of Sex” and “The Big C.”
“Conviction” was created by scribes Liz Friedman (“Jessica Jones,” “Elementary”) and Liz Friedlander (“Stalker,” “The Following”). The Mark Gordon Co. and ABC Studios will produce with Mark Gordon, Nick Pepper, Friedman and Friedlander all serving as exec producers. Friedlander will direct the pilot. Entertainment One (eOne) is handling international rights.
The Mark Gordon Co. has strong ties with ABC, as it's behind the net's breakout hit “Quantico” and the upcoming straight-to-series Kiefer Sutherland drama “Designated Survivor.”
Kinney is represented by Paradigm and Anonymous Content.
Meetings between the Golden State Warriors and free agent Jarrett Jack haven't led to a contract offer yet, but the point guard will likely command at least $7 million per season this summer, Marcus Thompson of the Contra Costa Times reports.
More: Golden State of Mind
As Thompson explains, the Warriors can offer Jack a sizable contract as the holders of their Bird rights. A deal could go as high as $27.1 million over three years, but the team presumably won't offer that much for the backup point guard, as effective as they were last season.
Along with the Warriors, a host of other teams -- Dallas, Denver, Detroit and Sacramento -- have shown interest in Jack. A number of those teams have open cap space and could challenge Golden State with lucrative offers.
Coming off the bench last season, Jack averaged 12.9 points, 5.6 assists and 3.1 rebounds in nearly 30 minutes per contest. A generally durable player, he's played at least 79 games in every full season since 2005-06.
More from SB Nation:
• The NBA's top 90 free agents | All NBA free agency news
• Rockets can offer Howard max deal | Dwight's worth it
• Knicks trading for Bargnani | Ziller: The Knicks never learn
• Everyone wants Andre Iguodala | An open letter to Iggy
• NBA Draft 2013 grades and results
And now they live with my husband, my children, and me.
To say that I didn't mean for this to happen doesn't begin to express the disappointment I felt in myself when it did. I had been married (technically, I still am, because divorce is expensive and living separately is unthinkably so) for 11 years, with two school-age children together and one I brought from a previous relationship.
I realize how cavalier I must sound. I'm 46. I shouldn't be behaving like this, right? I'm a mother. My pleasures, if they're not able to be harmlessly integrated into family life, should be set aside. What matters most (and here's the thing: I know this) is my children's happiness, safety, and security.
To make it worse, I met them at hip café — the only one of its kind in our town, and a gathering place for the small population of would-be beatniks and cheerful outsiders in an otherwise unremarkable suburb. He's 21 years my junior. And they had a manbun.
I know.
No lie: I genuinely thought they were a model on their way from a far more populous and sophisticated burg to a photo shoot somewhere else. They were tall, slim, broad-shouldered, and had an almost balletic grace.
They started the conversation with me — at least that's what I think, and I'm going to roll with that, because although my motivations were far from ulterior, I need to know I wasn't trawling for a boy-toy, even subconsciously. I'm a flirt, but not the kind who makes others uncomfortable; just the type inclined to compliment friends on a particularly flattering outfit with a wink and a sly smile. I don't unpack that right away, though. The most I could say about this first brush against the man who I now consider to be a great love of my life is that our interaction involved a pleasingly mutual charisma and the excitement of shared ideas.
I never, ever thought I would appeal to him. I wasn't holding that card in my pocket, hoping to pull it out during some future moment of (drunken?) vulnerability, thinking I'd "get lucky." They were a ten. And bright, gregarious, humble, and hilarious, with just enough ambition to be interesting.
My husband and I had been negotiating some murky waters. We hadn't been getting along for years. Our sex life had become perfunctory and joyless, an obligatory flail at intimacy once or twice a month at best. There was so much conflict and resentment between us that it didn't even feel good to touch each other. They claimed, when I pressed them for a greater mutual effort at sexual connection, to have little to no sex drive — until I found out they were masturbating several times a day. NOT. GOOD.
And incidentally, why had I continued to find myself in long-term situations with people who had rage issues?
At that point, I asked them for a discreet open relationship in order to allow me some small freedom to pursue potential sexual and emotional outlets as they might come up. They aren't pleased with the idea of an open marriage, but made cautious, cranky concessions in that direction. I won't lie and say that part ever gained total resolution. Though they aren't eager to make it bilateral, I was completely comfortable with the "openness" extending to him, as well.
I was also going to therapy to sort out what behavior felt righteous and respectful, though I had felt betrayed by their intimate abandonment and wrangled bitterly with that. And for the record, they ultimately received frequent, compassionate therapy to help with what must have been a horrible set of circumstances.
I am not asking for — or expecting — absolution. Just some understanding for how it came to be this way.
In addition to the sexual desert our marital bed had become, the differences in our interests, attitudes, values, activity choices, and tastes in everything from food to movies, television shows, books, the very rhythm of our days and nights, our vision for long-term goals and for where we saw ourselves in five, ten, or more years down the road, and even whether essential oils would or wouldn't be used in the house for cleaning or otherwise became deeper and more divisive.
Encased in a glass box on one of the main plazas in old Havana is a small and ordinary fishing boat called “El Granma.” Sixty years ago a young group of socialist militants led by Fidel Castro crossed the Gulf of Mexico on it, igniting a revolution that would affect the region for decades to come.
Today, “the Grandma,” as it translates into English, is part of the revolutionary mythology of Latin America. Among other things, the main daily newspaper of Cuba's communist party is named after it. And according to Mexican journalist Jacobo Zabludovsky, the man who helped set it all up was a Mexican Jew named Jorge Besquin.
In 1956 Castro, whose death last Friday is currently being both mourned and celebrated around the world, was living in exile in Mexico City, where they fled in 1955, after having spent two years in prison for a failed coup. It was there that they published their manifesto, trained their troops, and plotted to return to Cuba via an assault on the island to start a revolutionary movement.
Little is known about Besquin, except that they were an oil engineer and friend of Castro and that––together with Antonio “El Fofo” Gutierrez––he played an integral part in funding the purchase. Eventually it was Antonio el Condo who bought the boat in Tuxpan, Veracruz.
On November 25, 1956, 82 revolutionaries––including Raul Castro and Ernesto Che Guevara––set off from that coast of Veracruz with one goal in mind: getting rid of Fulgencio Batista––the American-friendly dictator that had abolished political and constitutional rights in Cuba since 1940— and establishing a socialist society that would take the country back.
Two years after the Granma expedition, the fighting was still going on. Jacobo Zabludovsky––who was a friend to both Besquin and Gutierrez –– was coming back from spending a New Year's Eve dinner with them when they got a call from the office. Batista had fallen.
In a 2014 column Zabludovsky, who was themselves part of a prominent Mexican Jewish family, remembered having called Besquin immediately to tell them the good news. The columnist, who was one of Mexico's most prominent journalists until their death last year, wrote of the exchange: “He hung up on me, they thought it was a bad joke.”
This story "The Jew Who Gave Castro a Boat (and Helped Launch a Revolution)" was written by Alan Grabinsky.
Judas goat: a trained goat used in general animal herding. In stockyards, a Judas goat will lead sheep to slaughter, while its own life is spared.
A couple months ago I asked the question Why does Trump hate their supporters?
I asked that because the Republican tax reform plan and health care plan seemed specifically designed to inflict pain on the people who voted for Trump.
Then a few weeks ago I noticed that Trump had flip-flopped on their opposition to free trade agreements, one of the few things that their supporters cared deeply about.
It does seem unusually cruel to target your own supporters for the most pain.
It's the opposite of how democracy is supposed to work.
OK. It's Trump. A certifiable con-man and liar. So what do you expect, right?
Then I got thinking: Is this really so unusual?
It occurred to me some time ago that we live in the era of the Big Lie.
Humanitarian wars. Capitalism having something to do with freedom. Debt being a good thing. Greed being a good thing. Alternative facts.
I think we should add one item to this list: Lesser Evilism.
Many Republicans voted for Trump because they considered them the lesser evil to Hillary.
They were clearly wrong, but refuse to acknowledge it.
Many Democrats voted for Hillary because they considered them the lesser evil to Trump.
A strong case can be made that they were also wrong.
For instance, the Democrats are even further to the right than Republicans on foreign policy. The Democrats have for 40 years been the leaders at pushing deregulation of big business.
Wait a second! One of the parties has to be the lesser evil, if for no other reason than because one of the parties has to be a greater evil. Right?
I think we've misread the objective of the game.
What if the purpose of the political parties is to deliver up their constituents to be fleeced and exploited, just like a Judas Goat?
Or to put it another way, what if the greater enemy of Democratic voters is the Democratic Party? And the greater enemy of Republican voters is the Republican Party.
Thus switching party allegiance does the voter no good in the slightest because no matter who they vote for they'll be voting for the greater evil.
What got me thinking about this is how partisan Democrats reserve all their venom, not for Democrats that vote Republican, but for independent leftists that don't vote Democrat.
Partisan Democrats always start with the baseless assumption that they are entitled to your vote. They don't have to earn it because your vote is their privilege, even when you aren't a registered Democrat.
This illogical thinking doesn't apply to the vastly larger group of liberals and minorities who vote Republican, or don't vote. Only to third party voters.
As Hillary Clinton says, people who vote third party are, "the crazy third-party people.”
I used to think that Democrats couldn't do math - a vote for a Republican causes twice the damage to a Democrat that a vote for a third party candidate does. So they should focus their venom on the Democratic turncoats instead.
Then it occurred to me that beating the Republican candidate isn't as important as leading their flock of sheep to the slaughterhouse. Winning the election is just gravy.
Instead of thinking about our "democracy" in the terms of an actual functioning democracy, think of it in terms of a business.
For instance, Google provides services to their customers (search, email, etc.), pays for it through ads, and then sells that customer information to a higher bidder for the profit.
Now apply that same reasoning to our "democracy". The progressive institutions, such as labor unions and environmentalist groups provide services to their members by giving them a forum to harmlessly agitate without endangering the status quo. Then the leadership of those progressive institutions sell out their members to the applicable political party - the Democrats - for a profit, without consulting the membership.
When the people in the liberal spectrum gets antsy, the Democratic establishment astroturfs a "movement" for it's customers, just like a good business would.
Republicans do the exact same thing, but with a different flair tailored to reflect the specific needs of their customers.
After being sufficiently pandered to, mollified, agitated, or whatever their customers have demanded at the time, the public is them delivered to their corporate masters to be sheered.
When you think about it, this is actually how things should work for a public that thinks of itself as consumers rather than citizens.
Don't get me wrong. Americans aren't stupid. Even political partisans, the most foolish of people, aren't stupid.
No, the crime of the vast majority of Americans is that they are lazy. Too lazy to do the research. Too lazy to figure things out for themselves. Too lazy to question what they hear. Too lazy to think.
Yet they never seem to lack for energy when it comes to judging, hating and denouncing those independent thinkers that don't fall into pre-packaged, clearly labelled categories. You know, like third-party voters.
Gosling leaves Newcastle as Blackpool take midfielder until January
Blackpool have bolstered their promotion bid by signing Newcastle midfielder Dan Gosling on loan until the New Year.
After a summer of upheaval, Blackpool manager Paul Ince has defied all expectations by leading their unfancied side into the promotion pack.
But they have been short of goals in recent weeks and Ince hopes the arrival of attacking midfielder Gosling will give them more options going forward.
Lightly raced: Dan Gosling has only featured in the League Cup this season and will join Blackpool on loan
The 23-year old almost joined Crystal Palace in July and now has the chance to put themselves back in the shop window after agreeing a deal to move to Bloomfield Road until January.
They made their name with a dramatic extra-time FA Cup winner for Everton against Liverpool in 2009 but joined Newcastle the following year, despite then-manager David Moyes offering them new terms in an effort to keep them at Goodison Park.
Sadly, once again, the football has taken a back seat in the news following yet another incident of fans clashing with the police, in this case resulting in the death of a Lanus supporter. The incident occurred in the buildup to the Estudiantes game with Lanus as the Lanus supported arrived in La Plata and although the game started, the news filtered through that a member of the Lanus barra brava's had been shot by police, and so it was suspended at half time with the home side 2-0 up. The two subsequent games were somewhat overshadowed by this but Newell's Old Boys emphatically went within a game of the championship by thrashing, already relegated, Union 5-0. Two goals from the impressive, Maxi Rodriguez, one from the league's top scorer, Nacho Scocco, another from Gabriel Heinze and one from Maxi Urruti gave Newell's a comfortable win and a 3 point lead over River with just 2 games left. In the late kickoff, a win for Argentinos Juniors would have seen Independiente relegated but despite leading for a large part of this game, San Lorenzo came back to draw 1-1. Independiente breathe for at least one more week but a point for Argentinos or San Martin in the next 2 weeks sends them down. MATCH REPORTS, NEWS ON THE VIOLENCE AND HIGHLIGHTS HERE…..
ESTUDIANTES 2 – 0 LANUS (SUSPENDED)
The issue reportedly arose after the Lanus supporters travelling to the game had been delayed by the police as an argument grew some of the barras broke a drinks area and the police responded with force. During the fighting, Javier Gerez was shot in the chest from close range with a rubber bullet and another was hospitalised with head injuries. The first half had been delayed but play continued and Estudiantes led 2-0. Leandro Desabeto gave them the lead and just before half time Duvan Zapata headed in a second. However, news eventually spread of Gerez's death and it was decided to call off the game. It's another terrible incident in Argentinian football and the AFA have decided to stop all visiting support for future games but this wider issues need to be addressed. All the AFA's short term fixes do nothing to get to the root of the much bigger issue.
NEWELL'S OLD BOYS 5 – 0 UNION
SAN LORENZO 1 – 1 ARGENTINOS JUNIORS
Advertisements
454 Shares 0
454
0
0
Today is not the time of wall-raising between nations. Have they forgotten that the Berlin Wall collapsed years ago?” President Rouhani said in an apparent reference to US government officials, who have been planning to build a wall on the Mexican border, PressTV reported.
“[Even] if there is a wall between nations, it has to be removed,” the Iranian chief executive said.
They were speaking during the 17th World Federation of Tourist Guide Associations Convention in the capital, Tehran, on Saturday. Figures from some 40 countries have gathered for the conference.
“Today's world is not a world where one can create distances between the nations and peoples of different territories. Today is a day of neighborhood. We have become neighbors in cultural, scientific, and civilizational terms, and also, the world of communications and communications technology have shrunk distances,” President Rouhani said. “No one can fight globalization today.”
The Iranian president said Iran has never invaded other countries over the past centuries and the Iranian people have never been known for racism.
“In our country,” the president said, “different religions, ethnicities, and cultures have had peaceful coexistence.”
The Iranian president said Iran has never invaded other countries over the past centuries and the Iranian people have never been known for racism.
“In our country,” the president said, “different religions, ethnicities, and cultures have had peaceful coexistence.”
Referring to the scourge of terrorism in the region, Rouhani said it was doing irreversible damage to both humanity and the relics of ancient civilization.
They said Iran provided assistance to Iraq and Syria to help them eradicate terrorism and would support whichever nation that asked for its assistance in the face of the scourge.
Elsewhere in their remarks, the Iranian president also said that Iran has witnessed a big rise in the number of the tourists visiting it since after historic diplomatic efforts led to the conclusion of a nuclear agreement between the Islamic Republic and world powers in 2015.
The promised land, at last
Jerusalem -- I had waited 25 years to get to Jerusalem. My grandfather used to go there every Friday. They would pray and then go visit friends and family in towns and cities in Israel and the West Bank. But that was in another time, in another world. Before the first intifada.
I am a Palestinian who lives in Gaza, which means that to go to Israel and the West Bank, I need permission from the Israeli authorities, a permit that's called “tasreeh.” A “tasreeh” is hard to come by. It's not something that's given out just like that. You have to have a good reason for wanting to visit. You have to apply. You have to wait. You can't just say “because I'd like to pray in Jerusalem on Friday like my grandfather used to.” After years of violence and conflict, Israel is very selective about whom it lets in, especially from Gaza.
My first coveted “tasreeh” came in December 2015, after 18 years of waiting and years of applying in vain. Working for AFP had helped. The agency had organized a hostile environment training course in the West Bank and Israel allowed me to attend. To get the permit, I was interviewed at the Erez border crossing for two hours and got the papers three months later. On the day I left, I was detained at the crossing for five hours before finally being allowed to cross. There are no VIPs at Erez -- everyone is questioned and searched the same way.
A Palestinian priest from the Gaza Strip walks through the Erez crossing towards Israel, December 22, 2011. (AFP / Mahmud Hams)
In the end, the training course was called off at the last minute, so I ended up having a free week. I visited Ramallah, Nablus, Tulkarem and Bethlehem. It was Christmas time, so I ended up having nice pictures from there.
The following year, AFP asked for another pass for me, so that I could participate in a training course in Paris, but I wasn't allowed to go.
Finally this year I got permission to visit Jerusalem for a week for another training course. I had a few free days afterward, so I wandered around a bit.
A mystical place
I was very excited -- it would be the first time that I would visit Jerusalem in 25 years. The last time I was there was as a 13-year-old boy.
You have to understand, Jerusalem is a mystical place for Muslims. I remember during my visit to the West Bank a few years ago, I could glimpse the dome of Al-Aqsa mosque from the hills of Bethlehem. I really wanted to go there, since I couldn't remember much from when I was a kid. So when I went now, I made sure to take my camera so that I could take pictures and have a tangible souvenir of the journey. Both to remind myself and to show my family. I was able to pray there and even went for dawn prayers.
Women pray in the shrine under the Dome of the Rock at the Al-Aqsa compound in Jerusalem's Old City, April, 2017. (AFP / Mahmud Hams)
The old city was much as I remembered it -- the stalls selling everything from carpets to spices, the constant flow of people through the narrow streets. Al-Aqsa was much as I remembered as well. I made sure to take my camera, as I didn't know when I'd be able to visit next.
The one thing that was different from 25 years ago was the security. There seemed to be soldiers everywhere, stopping people and checking ID cards. I was stopped five times at the Damascus Gate entrance to the Old City, and was patted down once.
Living in Gaza is a bit like living in a prison, so of course I snatched the opportunity to be able to leave for a bit. But I so wish that my family had been able to join me -- my wife Shaymaa, and my boys -- Ibrahim, 11, Youssef, 9, Mohammad, 7 and Ali, 3. That's the reason why I took so many pictures -- so they would be able to enjoy the trip virtually. It's not as good as being there, but it's better than nothing.
The bustling market streets of Jerusalem's Old City, April, 2017. (AFP / Mahmud Hams)
During my stay I spoke to Israelis in English -- I don't speak Hebrew and they don't speak much Arabic. I didn't advertise the fact that I came from Gaza because I wanted to be treated with respect and wanted to avoid any issues and detentions.
I avoided getting into political conversations as they would probably lead to a dead end.
I did speak to the AFP bureau driver, Mano, who regularly drives to the West Bank and visits with my Palestinian colleagues and has deep roots in the Holy Land -- their family lived for eight generations in Jerusalem's Old City before 1948.
The Damascus gate leading into the Muslim quarter of Jerusalem's Old City, April, 2017. (AFP / Mahmud Hams)
An Israeli and a Gazan talking about everyday normal things
We talked about what any two working men and fathers around the world would talk about -- the cost of living and bringing up a family, the price of food, housing, the cost of gas, the size of our homes and what we pay for water and electricity. Every-day normal stuff.
They were surprised at how little electricity we get in Gaza, which has been plagued by supply problems for years. At the moment, Gaza gets two and half hours of electricity per day and each neighborhood gets its turn on a rota. We use car batteries to run a lightbulb at night. Mano was very surprised and asked how we managed. I said we made do.
A Palestinian woman helps their son study by candlelight because of electricity shortages at their makeshift home in the Khan Yunis refugee camp in the southern Gaza Strip, April, 2017. (AFP / Mahmud Hams)
I saw Jerusalem's light rail line with its sleek trams gliding past and thought how nice it would be to have something similar in Gaza. There used to be a rail line stretching from Jaffa to Cairo. It passed by my ancestral village of Yibna, which my family left along with the rest of the residents during the Arab-Israeli war in 1948, when my father was 11. They eventually settled in a refugee camp in Gaza that was called Yibna because of all the families from the village who settled there.
Imagine that, being able to get on a train and get off in Cairo? No checkpoints, no permits. That would be nice...
I remember going to this place with my father and grandfather when I was little, when we could still freely travel through Israel. I remember lots of fields and small houses and gardens, lots of gardens. My grandfather once showed me where our home used to be -- all that was left was a garden wall and part of a room.
The older generation in Gaza remembers that old rail line well. It's a shame that there are no longer remains of the old stations in cities in Gaza. Imagine that, being able to get on a train and get off in Cairo? No checkpoints, no permits. That would be nice.
The alleys of Jerusalem's Old City, April, 2017. (AFP / Mahmud Hams)
Gaza has suffered so many wars, so many times, enough is enough.
Overall, I was more happy than sad on this trip. I hope there is a solution to this never-ending conflict. Gaza has suffered so many wars, so many times, enough is enough. There has to be a solution, why shouldn't there be? Why can't people of all religions be able to pray in Jerusalem in their mosque, church and synagogue? It's their right. Religion should not have anything to do with politics, it should not be mixed into it like it is now.
I hope the next time that I leave Gaza I'll be able to travel with my wife and children, so that I can show them all the lovely places there are to see -- Acre, Jerusalem, Tel Aviv. I hope my children will be able to study in the West Bank, or elsewhere in the world, or Israel, if there is a final peace solution.
This blog was written with Janine Haidar and Yana Dlugy in Paris.
Visiting Dubai on a work trip, I was wandering the resplendent hallways of my a hotel searching for an ATM when a commotion occurred. Some of the hotel staff were scurrying about, looking obviously distressed. I asked one of them if there was any trouble and they responded with a glossy smile. There was no trouble, madam, and was there anything they could help me with?
A few hours later, I discovered that there had indeed been trouble. A man – an Indian worker – had jumped from Burj Khalifa, the tallest building in the world, and a symbol of Dubai's prowess. It is a needle-shaped skyscraper which impales the bleak Dubai sky.
Originally known as Burj Dubai, the building was planned during the city's orgiastic construction phase, where the sky was the limit, but completed after the bubble had burst. It was then renamed in honour of Abu Dhabi's ruler, Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed, who rescued Dubai from its debt crisis.
Gossip about the suicide was horrifyingly callous. "It only took 10 months" [after the opening of the hotel], one person said. "He's inaugurated the building," another almost laughed. "Why did they jump?" I asked. People shrugged. He's probably an expatriate worker, I was told – it's usually them.
There is nothing remarkable about people being desensitised to suicides. London commuters on the underground can probably understand, but when the suicides are almost exclusively from one minority working in certain jobs, it is nothing short of inhumane. The dark underbelly of Dubai is never far away and sometimes we see the effect of this uglier side lying lifeless on a pavement.
The man, apparently an Indian cleaner who had been denied a holiday, was scraped off the floor on which they landed on and life went back to normal. Tourists and expats lapped up the luxury and sunshine, while workers from south Asia, little moving dots on the facades of the buildings under construction throughout the city, were ferried in buses to and from their living quarters. A couple of days later, another Indian man jumped from Jumeirah Lake Towers.
The Indian consulate in Dubai has since revealed that at least two Indian expats commit suicide each week. The consul-general stated that most are blue-collar workers who are either semi-skilled or skilled.
There is something deeply sinister about Dubai luxury, even more so since the local economy went into spectacular decline with the sovereign debt default in 2009. Fawning staff (almost exclusively expatriate) encircle you from the moment you arrive. From handler to driver to receptionist to concierge, the over-the-top attention is underpinned not by a dedication to a superlative service, but by fear.
If there is a problem, grovelling apologies are proffered and olive branches extended – all to prevent a complaint that in today's economic climate almost certainly means dismissal or extreme chastisement. People, nationalities and jobs exist in silos, isolated from each other. You can be in Dubai for days and not interact with a local.
It seems to me a place where the worst of western capitalism and the worst of Gulf Arab racism meet in a horrible vortex. The most pervasive feeling is of a lack of compassion, where the commoditisation of everything and the disdain for certain nationalities thickens the skin to the tragic plight of fellow human beings.
Psychologically, these workers are isolated and alienated; practically, they are trapped by draconian sponsorship laws in the UAE, and in debt to agents back home. This is exacerbated by the fact that there is such little enforceable employment law in these markets. Such economies have developed so rapidly that social and civic attitudes have not kept pace, and the sponsorship system is open to abuse and still victimises migrant workers throughout the Gulf.
Dubai is considered an emirate under a popular, liberal, benevolent and forward-looking ruling family that has managed to develop the economy and extend its hands to the outside world without compromising its culture or values. Nobody is naive enough to claim that capitalism does not claim casualties and create classes, or that expatriates from the sub-continent have not made happy and relatively lucrative lives in the region, but Dubai's name is becoming stained by the blood of migrant workers.
Sometimes I listen episodes from A Taste of the Past, a podcast series on Heritage Radio Network. I learn many facts about food and culinary history from the authors whose books are featured in the show. These podcasts are a delightful source for learning the backstory behind unfamiliar, as well as familiar, foods (although listening to the free podcasts do come with a cost – I end up buying many of the featured books). Last year about this time, I listened to podcast 257, which features Elaine Khosrova discussing their book Butter: A Rich History. That this particular book was featured so closely to Christmas seems fitting. Butter is an essential ingredient (to me, anyway) in most dishes, but all the sweet and savory dishes plentiful at Christmas time totally require loads of good quality butter in order to be Christmas-worthy. I think it's maybe a universal Christmas rule or something. Khosrova's research into the history of butter reveals the role of butter in the rites and celebrations of various religions. Now, other than the Catholic church's prohibition of butter and other dairy products during Lent (a requirement long ago eased by the Church), butter isn't associated with any official rite or celebration related to the celebration of Advent or Christmas. Unofficially, however, butter is a necessary ingredient for all the candy, cookies, breads, pastries, sauces, buttered rums, and all other rich, delicious foods in which people allow themselves to indulge during the holiday season. In fact, it's the most important ingredient in such goodies in popular seasonal cookies such as these gluten-free vanilla bean spritz cookies I baked today. Butter makes spritz cookies melt-in-your-mouth tender and flavorful.
For these cookies, I deglutenize this spritz cookie recipe on the Serious Eats website. Spritz cookies can be tricky to make. The hints that accompany this recipe are helpful, and I recommend that people trying spritz cookies for the first time read the tips. The author of the article does warn against over-working the dough, , though, which can toughen the gluten and make the cookies less tender. HA! Ignore that tip! Gluten-free cooks don't have to worry about! When I first deglutenized this recipe, I wanted to use blanched almond flour (not almond meal) in my flour blend for added richness. I worried that with its natural oil, the almond flour would cause the spritz cookies to spread too much. It doesn't cause spread at all! It works perfectly in the spritz dough! A commercial all purpose gluten-free flour, in the same amount, can be substituted for the blend of flours I use, though.
Other adjustments I make to the Serious Eats spritz cookie recipe are that I use powdered vanilla bean instead of whole vanilla beans, and I add anise-flavored glaze to them. I also use caster sugar (I've only recently begun to appreciate the light texture it adds to cookies, cakes, and pastry). These cookies are so delicious. In a way I dread making them, easy as they are to make. They're addictive and small, so I trick myself into eating way too many of them by telling myself the cookies are small enough that a serving of several equal eating one or two regular size cookies!
Print Gluten-Free Vanilla Bean Spritz Christmas Cookies These light, rich, buttery gluten-free spritz cookies will melt in your mouth! Prep Time 30 minutes Cook Time 30 minutes Total Time 1 hour Servings 40 Cookies Author Teresa Morris Ingredients 1 cup butter softened and cut into pieces
200 grams caster sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 - 1/2 teaspoon ground cardamom (according to taste)
1/4 teaspoon ground vanilla bean (Or seeds scraped from one vanilla bean)
150 grams superfine brown rice flour
100 grams arrowroot flour
75 grams blanched almond flour (NOT almond meal)
250 grams powdered sugar
2 - 3 tablespoons milk
1/4 - 1/2 teaspoons pure anise extract
Christmasy sprinkles for decorating
1 egg Instructions For the Cookies: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. In a large bowl, place the pieces of softened butter and 200 grams of caster sugar. Cream together until light and fluffy, about seven minutes. Add the egg, salt, vanilla bean powder, and cardamom to the creamed mixture. Mix until well-blended, about five minutes. Add the flour all at once and mix until well blended. Using the dough at room temperature, fit a cookie press with a Christmas tree disk; fill the press with dough according to the cookie press instructions. Press the spritz cookies onto ungreased, unlined, cool cookie sheets. Bake in a 375-degree oven until the edges start to turn slightly golden, about 6 - 7 minutes. Remove cookies from the oven and cool on the pan a few minutes before using a spatula to remove the cookies to a cooling rack. Wash and dry the baking pans before using them for another batch of spritz cookies. Pressed cookies need a clean surface, free of grease, in order to stick to the pan when pressed out of the cookie press. For the Anise Glaze: On a long kitchen counter, spread out a long sheet of wax paper. Place the cooled spritz cookies on the wax paper. In a small bowl, mix the powdered sugar, 2-3 tablespoons of milk (enough to allow the glaze of drizzling consistency), and anise extract until well blended. Mix green food coloring into the glaze, as desired. Using a spoon, either drizzle the glaze over several cookies at a time, or spread the glaze over each individual cookie. Add decorative sprinkles while the glaze on the cookies is still wet.
Sharing Digg Yummly 0 StumbleUpon 0 Reddit 6
Share this: Pinterest
Twitter
Facebook
Print
Email
Tumblr
Reddit
More
LinkedIn
Like this: Like Loading...
Came home from work today to find a box from Amazon on my door step. I picked it up and remarked to my husband, "Oh it's from my Reddit Book Exchange! It's heavy, I wonder if it's one big book, or lots of small ones?"
Turns out I was correct on both accounts. I received The Complete Works of Jane Austen Knickerbocker Classics version. The volume includes Austen's novels: (Pride and Prejudice, Sense and Sensibility, Emma, Persuasion, Northanger Abbey, and Mansfield Park) in addition to the short story Lady Susan.
The best part of my gift was my Gift Sender however, who undertook the challenge of having a librarian as an exchange partner. I did not see your Reddit username anywhere, and I don't want to post your actual name, so if you see this, and don't mind, I'll add your username to the gift. No matter what, THANK YOU VERY MUCH for all SEVEN! of my new books.
UPDATED** - Thank you so much for the addition of Pride and Prejudice and Zombies. I read Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter, but hadn't gotten around to this one yet!
Statement of Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) On Sexual Assault in the U.S. Military
Earlier this year, as many others were, I was shocked when the Department of Defense released a stunning report about the increase in sexual assault among the branches of the armed forces. Sexual assault in the military is neither a new issue, nor an uncommon one. It has been a problem for decades. Its occurrence is a stain on the honor of our military and nation that we must all work to eliminate. Military bases are where our troops are supposed to be safe, and to know that they risk being in harm's way not only when deployed, but among their fellow service members as well, is horrible.
I have worked hard to bring greater attention to the ongoing problem of sexual violence in our communities and am proud of the significant improvements we made in the recent reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act earlier this year. It is time we bring the same level of attention to the crisis on our military bases.
While this epidemic is not representative of the vast majority of our service men and women, who serve honorably and conduct themselves commensurate with our expectations of those in uniform, it is also not isolated to just a handful of bad actors. We can no longer ignore that the time is long overdue for meaningful changes to help end sexual assault and harassment in the ranks of our armed forces. We must work together to protect victims and provide appropriate help and support, and to ensure that those responsible for such crimes are held accountable.
Just as our civilian justice system is the envy of the world, our military justice system must also meet that standard. That is why I am a cosponsor of Senator Gillibrand's Military Justice Improvement Act, and why I support their amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA).
In last year's defense authorization bill, Congress included provisions meant to address sexual assault in the military. That legislation required the Secretary of Defense to prescribe standards for victim support, and mandated an independent review and assessment of the systems used to adjudicate crimes involving sexual assault and related offenses.
When the Department of Defense released its Fiscal Year 2012 report on sexual assault in the military earlier this year, its findings were jarring, and for many – myself included – they were infuriating. To make matters worse, the problem seems only to be growing.
The status quo for how we deal with sexual assault and unwanted sexual contact in the military is untenable. If we are serious about curing this problem, we need to get serious about making fundamental changes to how it is addressed. We cannot expect that by doing the same thing over and over again we will achieve different results.
I supported Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel's proposals this summer to limit a commander's authority to overturn major court martial verdicts, among other reforms to the system. I am pleased that the members of the Senate Armed Services Committee included this key provision, as well as other measures to address the so-called “good solder” defense, and to require commanders to immediately report alleged sexual assaults to the investigative office, in this year's defense authorization bill.
Senator Gillibrand's proposal is another move in the right direction, taking these reforms a step further by removing the determination to bring sexual assault cases from the chain of command, and giving that discretion to an experienced military prosecutor. This is a commonsense solution, and I commend them for their clear-eyed and energetic leadership on this issue.
Senator McCaskill's proposal also includes strong protections for victims, so that the process of getting justice for these crimes does not revictimize those who come forward to report them. I believe Senator McCaskill's proposal also is a step in the right direction to encourage victims to come forward and report these crimes. Our nation's troops should not have to fear sexual assault, and if they are victims, they certainly should not fear any stigma after bringing to light unwanted sexual contact.
Surely we can all agree that we have an obligation to ensure that our men and women in uniform are protected from the threats we can control. Holding perpetrators of sexual assault and unwanted sexual contact accountable, and caring for, supporting and protecting those victims, is within our control. I hope Senators on both sides of the aisle will join me in supporting reforms that will fundamentally change the way we approach this issue in order to achieve better results.
# # # # #
Press Contact
Press Contact
David Carle: 202-224-3693
We really liked the updated Skylake-powered Dell XPS 13, and its bigger brother, the XPS 15, was also pretty great.
But if you're looking at those machines and thinking, "Well, the hardware is nice; I just wish they came with Linux," Dell has some good news. The company's "Developer Edition" program has just been updated to include the newest Skylake systems.
The Developer Edition XPS 13s are slightly different from the Windows versions, as they use Intel Wi-Fi adaptors (instead of Dell-branded parts). Otherwise, little has changed save for them coming with Ubuntu 14.04 LTS instead of Windows 10. The range of configurations available is also narrower. Currently, only the i7 processor is available with the beautiful 3200×1800 touch display. This can be had with 8GB RAM and 256GB SSD, or 16GB RAM and 512GB, or 1TB of SSD. Dell says that later on, an i5 model with 8GB RAM, 256GB SSD, and the 1920×1080 non-touch display will be available.
A range of Precision-branded workstations are also available. For those who liked the look of the XPS 15, the Precision 5510 is a near identical clone, just with slightly different CPU and GPU options and Intel Wi-Fi. In the Precision guise, the system can include Xeon-branded processors and Quadro-branded GPUs. The Precision 3510, 7510, and 7710 ranges will also be available, giving buyers a wide range of sizes, weights, and specifications.
Unlike the XPS 13, which only offers limited configurations, the Precision systems are fully configurable: any combination of processor, storage, memory, CPU, and display is possible. The operating system is simply a configurable option. They come with Windows by default, but you can pick Ubuntu instead and shave about $100 off the price.
Dell plans to support Ubuntu 16.04 LTS when it ships next month.
Dell's Developer Edition program, called Project Sputnik, is now four years old. Rather than emulating the many failed attempts at building mainstream Linux PCs, Dell's efforts have been focused more on a particular kind of customer—developers and administrators. What started out as essentially a hobby has transformed into what we see today: four different models with full Linux support and a fifth model with somewhat more limited support.
Suzuka 2005. Something that's synonymous with ‘Kimi Magic‘. Till today, 2005 Japanese Grand Prix marks one of the finest drives from the Finn. Driving for McLaren, Kimi Raikkonen started the race at 17th position owing to an engine change. The season had been a good one for them with five race victories and second position in the Championship Standings. Starting from way down the pack, it was almost certain that Kimi was out of contention for a good finish. Little did anyone know what the Ice Man was capable of.
The Race
By the first lap, Raikkonen was in 12th place and catching up to everyone. After the first pit stop Kimi was stuck behind Mark Webber. Meanwhile, Renault driver Giancarlo Fisichella had a comfortable lead of over 20s. Soon Webber pitted, giving Kimi a clean air, who then set the fastest lap and was closing in on the leader Fisichella, closing down their lead to a mere 5s.
Fisichella had a Minardi backmarker up on their front which slowed them down a bit leading to a poor exit of the chicane. Opportunist Raikkonen quickly stepped up closing on them instantly after that. With just two laps to go, it was certain that Formula One might see one of the finest last lap battles.
Raikkonen was just on the back of Fisichella waiting for the perfect moment to overtake him. Fisichella showcased their finest defensive skills but it wasn't enough. On the pit straight of the last lap, Kimi Raikkonen displayed one of their boldest moves ever, overtaking Fisichella on the outside, taking the lead and with that the race!
“It was my best I think,” said the Finn.
“I had to fight for it all the time and after the problems of the weekend it was a great result.”
The brave Ice Man won a lot of hearts that day.
In what's described as the "first" response to the cyberattack against Sony Pictures Entertainment, the Obama administration today announced new sanctions against North Korea. These sanctions are separate from those already imposed against Pyongyang over the country's nuclear program and come in response to "recent provocations," the US Treasury Department said in a press release. President Obama signed an executive order authorizing the sanctions earlier today.
"This step reflects the ongoing commitment of the United States to hold North Korea accountable for its destabilizing, destructive and repressive actions, particularly its efforts to undermine US cyber-security and intimidate US businesses and artists exercising their right of freedom of speech," the Treasury said.
The retaliation has officially begun
The sanctions target three North Korean entities, including the government's primary intelligence agency and a local arms dealer. Ten people affiliated with those entities and the North Korean government are also being hit with sanctions. Sanctioned businesses and individuals are barred from accessing the United States financial system, and American citizens are strictly forbidden from carrying out business with those named in today's retaliatory measure.
"Today's actions are driven by our commitment to hold North Korea accountable for its destructive and destabilizing conduct," said Secretary of the Treasury Jacob J. Lew. "Even as the FBI continues its investigation into the cyber-attack against Sony Pictures Entertainment, these steps underscore that we will employ a broad set of tools to defend US businesses and citizens, and to respond to attempts to undermine our values or threaten the national security of the United States."
The White House describing today's move as "the first aspect" of its response to the massive hack against Sony Pictures also suggests it's denying involvement with North Korea's recent internet problems. After the FBI officially blamed Pyongyang for the debilitating cyber assault that Sony is still reeling from, President Obama pledged that the US would respond "in a place and time and manner that we choose." Again today, their administration vowed that the retaliation would be "proportional."
The full list of entities and people impacted by today's sanctions follows below, sourced from the US Treasury:
Media Assets: http://razorandtiepublicity.com/artist/starset/
STARSET'S VESSELS LANDS AT #11 ON THE BILLBOARD TOP 200 ALBUM CHART
Sophomore Album From Visionary Band Exceeds All Expectations
First single “Monster” heading to top of rock radio chart
(New York, NY) –Starset's sophomore album Vessels debuts at #11on the Billboard Top 200 Album Chart with more than 23,000 equivalent album units. This is one of the most impressive sales weeks from a new rock band in the last year and a confirmation that Starset is charting a new and ambitious course to refresh and redefine rock in 2017. The album also comes in at #3 on the Billboard Top Current Rock Album Chart. “Monster,” the first single from the album, is rapidly ascending the rock radio charts and moves to #12 this week. Vessels is the follow-up to Starset's 2014 debut album, Transmissions, a landmark album that sold in excess of a quarter million combined albums, streams and downloads, propelled by the single “My Demons,” which had the longest ascent to the top 5 in the history of the rock radio charts.
Vessel has received exceptional reviews. Kerrang! Magazine awarded the album 4 “K's” and said, “If revered darkwave pop veterans Depeche Mode multiplied their aural dimensions by seven, something like Vessels would emerge,” while Loudwire named it January's Release of the Month and praised, “If you're looking for engaging singular tracks to fill your playlist, this album has several songs that could keep the band on radio for a long run. But if you're looking for a deeper connection and a full listening experience, Vessels truly takes the listener on a journey both musically and thematically.”
Led by Dustin Bates, Starset has developed an unparalleled digital foothold, amassing nearly 700 million YouTube views, driven primarily by the band's rabid fan base synching Starset songs to a variety of visual images. Later this year, Marvel Comics will be releasing a graphic novel based on The Starset Society.
Produced by Rob Graves (Halestorm, Red) and mixed by Ben Grosse (Breaking Benjamin, Filter), Vessels escapes the tried formula of much of rock today and is a near-planetary collision of sound, vision and iconoclastic ideologies inspired by the likes of Nikola Tesla and Ray Kurzweil.
Razor & Tie Co-Founder Cliff Chenfeld said, “I am pleased but not surprised at how Dustin and Starset have been able to communicate their broad and inspired musical vision to a growing and passionate audience. Their songs and message resonate in a way few artists have in recent years. I expect to be watching them in arenas soon.”
With over 300 shows logged to date, Starset has distinguished themselves touring with the likes of Breaking Benjamin and In This Moment, playing major U.S. rock festivals and four sold-out performances in planetariums, becoming the first rock band to play live in the full dome entertainment environment. This spring, the band will return to Welcome To Rockville, Fort Rock, Carolina Rebellion, Northern Invasion and Rock On the Range, following their 2015 debut at all five of the annual rock events.
Starset kicked of album release day with a sold out show at Express Live! in their hometown of Columbus, Ohio. Full tour routing is as follows:
DATE CITY VENUE
Headlining Tour Dates w/ Gemini Syndrome supporting:
Fri 1/20 Columbus, OH Express Live*
Sat 1/21 Chicago, IL Metro
Mon 1/23 Denver, CO Marquis
Wed 1/25 Boise, ID Knitting Factory
Thu 1/26 Spokane, WA Knitting Factory
Sat 1/28 Reno, NV Jub Jub's Thirst Parlor
Sun 1/29 Fresno, CA Fulton 55
Tue 1/31 Los Angeles, CA The Roxy
Thu 2/2 Scottsdale, AZ Pub Rock
Fri 2/3 Tucson, AZ Club XS
Mon 2/6 Dallas, TX Trees
Wed 2/8 Corpus Christi, TX Brewsters Street Ice House
Thu 2/9 Houston, TX Scout Bar
Fri 2/10 Baton Rouge, LA The Varsity Theatre
Sat 2/11 Madison, AL 11th Frame
Sun 2/12 Johnson City, TN Capone's
Tue 2/14 Baltimore, MD Soundstage
Wed 2/15 Lancaster, PA Chameleon Club
Fri 2/17 Pittsburgh, PA Rex Theatre
*without Gemini Syndrome
Festival Appearances:
Fri 4/28 Tampa, FL 98RockFest
Sat 4/29 Jacksonville, FL Welcome to Rockville
Sun 4/30 Fort Myers, FL Fort Rock
Fri 5/5 Concord, NC Carolina Rebellion
May 13-14 Somerset, WI Northern Invasion
May 19-21 Columbus, OH Rock On the Range
Starset is: Front-man Dustin Bates, bassist Ron DeChant, guitarist Brock Richards and drummer Adam Gilbert.
www.starsetonline.com
www.facebook.com/starsetonline
www.twitter.com/starsetonline
www.instagram.com/starsetonline
www.thestarsetsociety.org
# # #
For more information on STARSET, contact:
Alexandra Greenberg, MSO PR
agreenberg@msopr.com
Bari Lieberman (tour press), MSO PR
blieberman@msopr.com
Jessica Ricci, Razor & Tie
jricci@razorandtie.com
First up, we've got some new PDFs for Shadowrun, Fifth Edition action.
Money? Check. Political turmoil leading to scrambling for power? You bet. Megacorps jockeying for position while working to take their rivals down a notch? Of course! A festering hive of corruption set next to one of the most scenic bays ever colonized by humans? Absolutely! San Francisco has all of the ingredients needed to make a nice, festering stew for shadowrunners. With the former imperialistic fascist General Saito out of power and the entire bay area united as a single sprawl, there is power and money to be had, which means business in the shadows is booming. San Francisco is a shadowrunner's guide to the people, places, and plots that make up this city, providing the paydata they need to navigate the hilly streets and cruel back roads of a sprawl whose aura of sophistication can't mask its deadly heart. With information on getting into and around the city, notable locations across the sprawl, and plot hooks to keep runners busy, San Francisco is an indispensable aid to Shadowrun players looking to bring their skills to the city by the bay. San Francisco is part of the City by Shadow series of e-books focusing on cities across the Sixth World. Available for PDF purchase at BattleShop or DriveThru.
The Chicago sprawl is host to all manner of strange creatures—ghouls, toxic spirits, hellhounds, barghests, and chickens. Yes, chickens. The city is mostly urbanized, but there are also large swathes of vacant land, and some enterprising souls have been farming that land. This is the Sixth World, though, which means that whenever you have someone trying something bold, you have a dozen other people thinking, “How can I use that to hurt other people?” The runners are going to have some unusual jobs on this mission, including spreading some poisons and making sure innocent lives are spared (if they're so inclined). They'll have to be on their toes to steer clear of the authorities, get all the pieces of this particular scheme in place, and in particular answer the pressing question: Just what is Mr. Johnson up to? Amber Waves of Grain continues the latest Shadowrun Missions plotline set in Chicago. Whether you played other Chicago Missions, including the first one in this plotline (Ten Fifty-Seven) or are just launching into the series, this Mission provides plenty of action packed into a single adventure. Available for PDF purchase at BattleShop or DriveThru.
Next up, due to fan demand–and the brilliant success of the Shadowrun Fourth Edition Bundle of Holding–we're making these two print books available in PDF format for the first time!
You've got the talent. You hopefully have lived long enough to collect a decent amount of nuyen. So show it off! Get a better gun. A bigger boat. A zeppelin that can sneak you across borders where no one thinks to look. All these toys are here, and many, many more. Runner's Black Book is a shopping catalog for the ambitious and successful runner—and it's a guide to the weapons, drones, and vehicles that the various forces of the Sixth World may send against you as you sneak through the shadows. Runner's Black Book collects material from Shadowrun's successful PDF line of products, compiling Deadly Waves, Gun Heaven, MilSpecTech, This Old Drone, and Unfriendly Skies in their entirety, along with updated art and information. On top of that, the book includes new pieces of gear developed specifically for this volume, including the punishing Kriss X Submachine Gun and small, smooth TPP light pistol. Each piece of gear is accompanied by a full color illustration providing a look at the item's complete details and features. Runner's Black Book is for use with Shadowrun, Twentieth Anniversary Edition. Available for PDF purchase at BattleShop or DriveThru.
Asking a shadowrunner if they really need another gun is like asking someone if they need all that oxygen floating around them. Are you ever going to use all that air? Maybe not. But you're sure as hell not going to be one of those suckers whoare going to be caught short. RUNNER'S BLACK BOOK 2074 is about options, giving runners more choices of guns, weapons, vehicles, and other gear so that they can build a load out that suits them. Whether they want bleeding-edge gear built for those fighting the world's latest wars or classic vehicles that have stood the test of time—or old crap they can get for cheap—RUNNER'S RUNNER'S BLACK BOOK 2074 has what they need. Collecting gear from digital products Gun H(e)aven 2, Used Car Lot, MilSpec Tech 2, and Euro War Antiques along with exclusive material for this book, RUNNER'S BLACK BOOK 2074 contains full-color illustrations, detailed descriptions, and complete game statistics for each item. It's an essential resource for runners looking to do some shopping—or to learn more about the guns that might be pointed at them in the near future. RUNNER'S BLACK BOOK 2074 requires Shadowrun, Twentieth Anniversary Edition. Available for PDF purchase at BattleShop or DriveThru.
COMBO
Additionally, both Runner's Black Books can be purchase as a discounted combo and either BattleShop or DriveThruRPG.
GILBERTSVILLE, Ky. – Boater Kevin Powers of Unicoi, Tennessee, caught a two-day cumulative total of 10 bass weighing 32 pounds, 9 ounces, to win the T-H Marine FLW Bass Fishing League (BFL) Wild Card event on Kentucky and Barkley lakes. For their efforts, Powers earned $4,373 and one of the final entries into the 2018 BFL All-American Championship.
The Wild Card tournament is a last-chance shot at the All-American for BFL anglers that didn't qualify for a Regional Championship.
“I didn't have a very good year fishing regular-season BFL tournaments, so this was a great way to finish it off,” said Powers, who qualified for their second BFL All-American appearance in their FLW career. “This is my fifth win fishing FLW tournaments. Hopefully it won't be my last.”
Powers spent the event fishing an array of banks on Lake Barkley.
“I looked for deeper banks on the main channel that had some laydowns on them,” said Powers. “With the water being down right now, and me not knowing the lake, I was just looking for the same things we'd fish back home in east Tennessee.”
For baits, Powers threw a green-pumpkin-colored Lunker Lure Rattleback Jig with a Zoom Big Salty Chunk trailer, as well as a homemade 5/8-ounce chartreuse and white-colored spinnerbait. They said their jig produced the bulk of their keepers, most notably from one laydown that they had found in practice. On the final day of competition, they plucked seven keepers from the spot to seal the deal.
“I hadn't ever fished it before until Friday. I thought it looked good, but I never imagined that,” said Powers.
The top six boaters that qualified for the 2018 BFL All-American were:
1st: Kevin Powers, Unicoi, Tenn., 10 bass, 32-9, $4,373
2nd: Steve Ruff, Saint Charles, Mo., 10 bass, 28-2, $2,386
3rd: Freddy Palmer, Estill Springs, Tenn., five bass, 19-10, $1,474
4th: Danny Holloway, Corinth, Miss., five bass, 18-6, $1,288
5th: Billy Schroeder, Paducah, Ky., five bass, 17-11, $932
6th: Justin Royal, Vidor, Texas, seven bass, 16-8, $808
Rounding out the top-10 boaters were:
7th: Steve Hatfield, Ashland, Ohio, seven bass, 15-6, $713
8th: Mel Kennedy, Cumming, Ga., five bass, 13-4
9th: Taylor Ramey, Purvis, Miss., four bass, 12-9, $665
10th: Willie Rentmeister, Mount Pulaski, Ill., seven bass, 12-8, $618
Complete results can be found at FLWFishing.com.
Chris Lewis of Longview, Texas, caught the biggest bass of the tournament in the Boater Division Saturday, a largemouth weighing 7 pounds, 2 ounces, which earned them the day's Boater Big Bass Award of $235.
Scott Stallings of Glencoe, Oklahoma, won the Co-angler Division and $2,235 with a two-day cumulative of four bass weighing 11 pounds, 12 ounces.
The top six co-anglers that qualified for the 2018 BFL All-American were:
1st: Scott Stallings, Glencoe, Okla., four bass, 11-12, $2,235
2nd: Dave Roberts, Indianapolis, Ind., three bass, 8-2, $1,017
3rd: Robert Pillow, Campbellsville, Ky., two bass, 7-14
4th: Cory Miller, Blanchard, Okla., two bass, 7-4, $684
5th: Andrew Nickeson, Valdosta, Ga., three bass, 6-10, $603
6th: Carl Lingle, Dongola, Ill., two bass, 6-7, $434
Rounding out the top-10 co-anglers were:
7th: Sank Payton, Bay Springs, Miss., two bass, 5-15, $376
8th: Taylor Wisniewski, Lexington, Ky., two bass, 5-10, $332
9th: Chris O'Bryan, Harned, Ky., three bass, 5-9, $310
10th: W.K. Luckett Jr., Ridgeland, Miss., two bass, 4-14, $288
Alford Cherry of Monroe, Louisiana, caught the heaviest bass of the tournament in the Co-angler Division Saturday, a fish weighing 4 pounds, 6 ounces, which earned them the day's Co-Angler Big Bass Award of $105.
The T-H Marine FLW Bass Fishing League Wild Card Tournament on Kentucky and Barkley lakes was hosted by the Kentucky Lake Convention & Visitors Bureau.
The 2017 BFL is a 24-division circuit devoted to weekend anglers, with 128 tournaments throughout the season, five qualifying events in each division. The top 45 boaters and co-anglers from each division, along with the five winners of the qualifying events, will advance to one of six regional tournaments where they are competing to finish in the top six, which then qualifies them for one of the longest-running championships in all of competitive bass fishing – the BFL All-American. The 2018 All-American will be held on Cross Lake in Shreveport, Louisiana, May 31-June 2 and is hosted by the Shreveport-Bossier City Sports Commission and the Red River Waterway Commission. Top performers in the BFL can move up to the Costa FLW Series or even the FLW Tour.
For regular updates, photos, tournament news and more, follow the BFL on Facebook at Facebook.com/FLWFishing and on Twitter at Twitter.com/FLWFishing.
About FLW
FLW is the world's largest tournament-fishing organization, providing anglers of all skill levels the opportunity to compete for millions in prize money in 2017 across five tournament circuits. Headquartered in Benton, Kentucky, with offices in Minneapolis, FLW conducts more than 258 bass-fishing tournaments annually across the United States and sanctions tournaments in Canada, China, Mexico, South Africa and South Korea. FLW tournament fishing can be seen on the Emmy-nominated “FLW" television show, broadcast to more than 564 million households worldwide, while FLW Bass Fishing magazine delivers cutting-edge tips from top pros. For more information visit FLWFishing.com and follow FLW at Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube and Snapchat.
# # #
Tags: t-h-marine bfl wild-card kentucky-lake kevin-powers flw-communications press-release 2017-11-10-kentucky-barkley-lakes
Pauper is competitive Magic using only commons.
Breaking it down, this is absolutely true and a perfect definition. Taking time to understand what those words mean, however, is not as easy as this platitude. This is because the boundaries of Pauper were never clearly drawn and so the population residing within those imaginary lines are constantly standing up for their vision. The situation is not aided by the fact that Pauper exists largely on the outskirts of Magic. Regardless of its popularity Pauper is not on the tips of Wizards' tongue. Instead it is a consideration, an inflection added against the teeth. Even this is a step forward from the earliest days of all commons Magic.
Even without official decree the format has taken shape and has a momentum of its own. Today we are going to take a look at Pauper and try to understand it as it exists.
Commons
Pauper is made up entirely of commons.
What is a common? Is it a card released at that rarity on Magic Online or in paper? What about sets with different common sheets? Is a card like Sinkhole legal? What about Daze, which is so scarce digitally that it rivals some rares in cost?
We can't get past the most basic conceit of the format and already controversy abounds.
I am biased as I play this format exclusively online. There the rules are easily regulated by the omniscient judge that is the rules engine. Paper does not have this advantage since some commons come from an era before rarity indicators. The parallel realms also exist in alternate versions of the same reality due to different Online only sets. Chainer's Edict? Legal online. In Paper? Depends on your store.
It may seem odd that on a site dedicated to Magic Online that I give so much credence to paper. I have come to realize over the years that despite the wildly disparate metagames Online helps to influence the different paper players around the world due to the simple accumulation of data. Unlike the old spheres of Paper Extended and Online Extended there is no potential syncing happening at periodic intervals.
One of the largest issues I see with Pauper (if only from a volume perspective) is the lack of this articulation. From my perspective - removing as much bias as I can - I think the Online format is better managed and should be the standard.
Many of the cards that are hallmarks of different paper games - High Tide and Hymn to Tourach for example - are not common under modern design philosophy. Many of the cards that already toe this line online have been banned. More than that it is the online banlist that receives attention every release. Remastered sets such as Vintage Masters and Tempest Remastered are designed and developed with an eye towards Pauper when it comes to rarity shifts. There is a brighter spotlight on Magic Online and it makes it understanding the ebbs and flows of the format a more user friendly endeavor.
Such a change would come with strings. The list of cards legal online and not in paper is not short. Time marches on and as more sets are given Grandmaster Flash treatment the gap is only going to widen. Yet other formats, notably Commander, have a large list of cards barred from decks and that format is not starved for attention.
It is important to note that just because Pauper remains a format exclusively of commons does not mean it is beholden to cost. Even including some pricier cards - digital Daze being one - Pauper remains one of the single most cost efficient ways to play competitive Magic out there.
Common also means that the format is linked to Limited. There is a set power and complexity level at this rarity. The parameters of “common” mean that correcting past mistakes with upcoming cards may be challenging; Stifle wouldn't work at common if Storm were still legal. The cards that comprise the format in some way need to conform to the idea of what a common is and can be. What a common has been at one point matters less than mistakes have been made and cannot be undone.
Competitive
While it may not have always been sanctioned the goal of Pauper was always to provide a competitive outlet for those wished to invest less than others. In turn this means tournaments and prize structures. Where incentives exist metagames will develop. It also means a body must exist to enforce the rules of the format.
All this is a fancy way of saying that for a format that was once completely player driven Pauper has taken a sharp turn and now resides under the auspices of Wizards of the Coast. Unlike the asupervisorstioned Commander there was no central governing body of Pauper that Wizards could turn to for aid. With prizes, however meager they may seem, on the line, there is a vested interest in keeping the format healthy and balanced.
How does this tie together? Competition breeds decks that are determined to rise to the top. At some point this may expose interactions that the format cannot bear. In those instances, decisions must be made in the interest of competitive balance.
For years the pieces of Storm Combo existed in unsanctioned Pauper. Yet the deck was a fringe player at best. Once queues began Storm raced to the top of the standings, encouraged by the quest for prizes.
Currently the competitive aspect is what helps drive Pauper forward in Magic Online. It is inextricably linked to the concept at the moment. That does not mean that casual all-commons Magic cannot exist, but it is a completely different beast than Pauper. One would be well cautioned against taking their Deck to a Vintage tournament and expecting a fair fight - so to it should be with a commons casual deck at a Pauper tournament.
That is not to say that Pauper cannot serve as the on-ramp to more intricate and involved play, but the line should be made clear.
Fundamental
Pauper exemplifies the fundamentals of Magic. There is far less flash to a game made up entirely of commons. At the same time the entire history of commons means that decks have access to the best option. The answers to these angles of attack tend to come at higher rarities so the ability to contain the raw zeitgeist of philosophy is kept out of bounds. The result is a format where the strategies that exist often approach a Platonic Ideal.
The big three theories of Magic - Card Advantage, Philosophy of Fire, and Tempo - all can be seen in action in Pauper, often in a fully realized aspect of their most basic form.
Card Advantage tends to come in the form of two-for-ones. Anything above this rate is rare and it is part of what makes Mulldrifter an enticing card. Sweepers are limited in scope, making it a challenge for more controlling decks to recoup advantage on the board. Instead spells tend to trade with each other at a one-to-one rate. In turn card advantage is rarely incidental. Again, the two-for-one is the basic form of Card Advantage and decks that can best capitalize on these cards tend to progress well when it comes to raw resource economy.
The basic unit of damage in Pauper is the Shock - one mana for two damage. Pauper has a burn deck which features its fair share of Lightning Bolts. Affinity and Izzet Blitz both cheat on the Shock test. Even Esper Combo acts on the tenets of the Philosophy of Fire by seeking to deplete a finite resource as quickly as possible. In this idealized world of all out aggression the decks designed to shoot first win as early as turn four. The defensive measures exist but as stated before they trade at an even rate. In Pauper it is far easier to ask questions early than answer them.
If any theory is emblematic of Pauper these days it is that of Tempo. The manipulation of time is rampant. Decks of every stripe attempt to jump turns (Delver, Dimir Delver, Esper Combo, Affinity), deal more damage than they should be given mana development (Burn, Izzet Blitz), or attempt to get the game to a point where board development simply does not matter (Tron variants, Dimir Control).
Pauper is home to the crystal clear rudiments of the game and it should come as no surprise that the most common and reliable win condition is the creature. These permanents matter. The lack of board wipes makes it easier to trade monsters at one-to-one rate. Creatures are therefore a reasonable investment as they are going to trade in combat or eat a spell. As a result of this removal matters quite a bit. Spending less mana to kill a creature than was invested to put it on to the battlefield is a way to build an advantage.
So what is Pauper? It is very much Magic. Looking at games of Pauper will not be alien to anyone familiar with the game and not just because the pieces are the same. The same truths that apply to Magic at large are distilled down and can be applied to commons. The basic tenets of the game hold true and there is an upper bound on the complexity and interaction the format can support safely. Looking back, it becomes easy to see exactly how true this is:
Pauper is competitive Magic using only commons.
Keeping this in mind will help to guide the format into its future.
Keep slingin' commons-
-Alex
SpikeBoyM on Magic Online
@nerdtothecore
My Facebook Page
Discuss Pauper on Twitter using #mtgpauper
NHL fans are notoriously sensitive about the sport they love, and particularly why it isn't a major television draw. This past postseason, the formula should have produced success. Most of the teams NBC loves were in the 16 team draw, there were no Canadian teams to sap ratings (which may never going to happen again), and plenty of the teams that create buzz had the potential to go deep. But, the overall ratings for the playoffs were down 14% from last year and 15% from 2014. NBC and the NHL looked gobsmacked to see what had happened to their momentum from previous years as it seemed that momentum was unstoppable. Then you see what they do in the regular season…
Instead of promoting teams such as Nashville, Tampa Bay, and others who made deep playoff runs this past season (and likely will do so again), NBC decides to ride and die with the teams that have made its ratings bed over the past eight years: the Blackhawks are on national TV 21 times, the Flyers 20, the Bruins 17, and the Rangers 15. Three of those teams went out in the first round of the playoffs last year, and one of them didn't make them at all (sorry, Boston). The last two #1 overall draft picks, including a player from Arizona, will be on US national TV once this season combined. NBC's plan to fix ratings woes not only in the regular season but the playoffs seems to be: more of the same, and cross your fingers.
This formula has worked in the past eight years because those teams, plus others like the Penguins, Red Wings, Kings, and Capitals, have all been league powerhouses. Recent Stanley Cup Finals have been Red Wings-Penguins (twice), Blackhawks-Flyers, Blackhawks-Bruins, and Kings-Rangers, all of which are appealing to fans both diehard and casual and consist of big markets, big teams, and big hockey fanbases.
But as the NHL's ever-present parity takes its toll on all of those teams, none of them seem to be major Stanley Cup contenders next season outside of the Penguins, and their presence didn't do much to help ratings against the Sharks last year. It does make sense for NBC to use this formula because it has worked, though largely out of convenience and because the teams in question were really good. And after teams make 11 national TV appearances, any national games beyond that are blacked out locally, bringing forward diminishing ratings returns. So what can NBC and the NHL do to grease the ratings wheels for the playoffs besides praying the Blackhawks magically become a powerhouse again?
Show Smaller Market And Warm Weather Teams More
Nashville is a Stanley Cup contending team with an eminently marketable star in PK Subban, and they're on NBCSN twice – once in October and once in April. That's ridiculous. Obviously Nashville is not the market Chicago or New York is, but when their ratings don't stack up in April and May, it's not because they aren't a compelling team. Casual hockey fans don't know much about them because they don't see them enough to attach names and narratives to the. Whether you show them against Chicago, Minnesota, Detroit, or even Edmonton, they need to be on TV before the postseason so casual fans can latch onto them.
Three of last year's division winners, Dallas, Anaheim, and Florida, are on national TV a combined seven times. Seven! In what other sport would that even be possible? Two of them are legitimate contenders again this season, and that they won't be on a third as much as the Blackhawks is insanity. At a point, it doesn't matter who you put them on against, just that you put them on at all. It seems fairly routine and simple to show up-and-coming teams more, but NBC never seems to actually do it, and it ends up biting them come playoff time.
Add Shoulder Programming
Outside of “NHL Top 10”, there is no shoulder programming on NBCSN at all for the NHL. No analysis shows, no nightly recaps, no hot stove type shows, no nothing. If an NHL fan wants that analysis, they need to go to NHL Network, Canada, or the internet. The only cable sports network with a financial stake in the league doesn't show any shoulder programming to boost the brand and viewership for the weekly game offerings. NBCSN does more with the Premier League, NFL, and NASCAR, and it's no shock the ratings for those properties are still increasing. Maybe a nightly highlights show isn't feasible, but a weekly highlight show? A show with insiders and journalists talking about the issues surrounding the game? Anything?
Make National Broadcasts Co-Exist
This won't happen, but both MLB and the NBA to an extent allow local-national co-exists for nationally televised games, offering at least a marginal ratings bump. A Chicago-Montreal game that's blacked out in Chicago isn't going to do much anyway, but putting the broadcast on NBCSN in Chicago even if it's the same broadcast (we'll get to that) will give at least a slight bump to the ratings. For team appearances that go beyond the max of 11 on NBC/NBCSN, let the two productions co-exist in the local market and though many will watch the local feed, the small bump in ratings might make a small difference.
No Simulcasts, Please
NBCSN will often simulcast local productions from Philadelphia, Chicago, and sometimes Washington, thanks to the Comcast SportsNet connections. While this does keep costs down and is logical in that sense, fans of a team like the Islanders watching their team play the Flyers aren't going to be pleased to see a national game called by the Flyers local broadcasters. NBCSN sometimes also takes local broadcasters, particularly from the Sharks, for their games on the network, again, out of convenience and cost cutting. That turns casual fans off and only angers the die-hards who are the bread and butter of your ratings base that might watch other games on your network. This is also true in the playoffs, even if its only a bigger problem for out of market fans.
Promote the Stars
The NHL's marketing campaigns recently have been focused on teams being the stars, not the individuals. As the NBA has proven, stars sell, and sell big. Obviously, Patrick Kane isn't Steph Curry, but on teams where the team alone won't carry ratings, how about marketing the stars instead? Jamie Benn with Dallas, P.K Subban with Nashville, Steven Stamkos with Tampa Bay, Vladimir Tarasenko with St. Louis all could become faces of the NHL on NBC. Again, this seems simple but somehow eludes NBC's grasp every single season. Sure the Edmonton Oilers or Toronto Maple Leafs don't have much cache in the States, but maybe Connor McDavid and Auston Matthews would.
The NHL suffers from the same issues that MLB and, to a lesser extent, the NBA suffers from: it is a hyper-regional focused sport, with fewer markets of insane local interest than MLB has. While many of its ratings winners will still be playoff contenders this upcoming season, the odds of another Blackhawks-Bruins final or even a Blackhawks-Rangers edition seems incredibly slim. Instead of acting surprised when ratings aren't up to par for a Predators-Sharks Western Conference Final, show these teams more instead and promote their players to all audiences. Casual hockey fans are interested in the NHL's “original six”, but there are teams and players beyond those teams and the few others that NBC loves.
While going back in time and changing the NHL's now monolithic TV contract with NBC isn't possible, the Peacock Network and the league can fix some of their ratings woes with simple tweaks to their schedule and programming that seem obvious, yet so far out of the realm of possibility that it's a bit sad.
Unless changes are made, the story for NBC will continue to be the same when it comes to sagging NHL ratings. And they only have themselves to blame.
Washington (CNN) Congressional negotiators have rejected the House's plan to create a new "Space Corps" -- omitting the proposal for a new military branch under the umbrella of the Air Force from the final version of a nearly $700 billion bipartisan defense policy bill called the National Defense Authorization Act.
Despite support from House Armed Services Committee leaders -- including chairperson Mac Thornberry -- the Space Corps proposal will not be included in the final NDAA for fiscal year 2018. Though the bill does contain language directing further long-term study of the issue, according to senior staff for both armed service committees, who briefed reporters on the contents of the bill Wednesday.
The proposal, which was included in the House's National Defense Authorization Act, would have set up a Space Corps in the mold of the Marine Corps, which is a separate military branch that's housed within the Navy.
The authors of the idea argued that a separate and dedicated force devoted to space is needed to keep the US ahead of adversaries like Russia and China in the still-emerging domain of space war, arguing the Air Force is primarily devoted to fighting in the air, rather than space.
Rep. Mike Rogers, the Strategic Forces Subcommittee chairperson who proposed the idea, has argued that the Air Force was prioritizing its fighter jets over space, and a dedicated service was needed to stay ahead of China and Russia in what many see as the next frontier of warfare.
Read More
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
So it looks likes Dani Osvaldo is finally making some friends in football following their loan move to Argentinian giants Boca Juniors.
A string of disciplinary incidents at Southampton cut the striker's stint in the Premier League short. Currently still on the books at St Mary's, Osvaldo has had loan spells with Juventus and Inter Milan following their club record £15million transfer from Roma.
Osvaldo's goalscoring form improved in Italy, but more poor discipline led to a suspension and eventual contact termination while at Inter.
But things are finally starting to look up for Osvaldo after a difficult start to life at Boca, finally scoring their first goals in a 5-0 rout over Zamora. More importantly, look at this video of their elaborate celebration - a massive team photo on the touchline!
"When Francesco Totti's 'selfie' appeared on YouTube, although Francesco did it alone, I wanted to do something similar," Osvaldo told Fox Sports.
Osvaldo of course played with Totti during their time at Roma. He's still got some way to go to before they reach Totti-like status - but it's a step in the right direction…
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption MPs announce their decision in the House of Commons
MPs have overwhelmingly voted to keep the ban on prisoners voting, in defiance of a ruling by the European Court of Human Rights.
The House of Commons' decision is not binding, but could put pressure on ministers to go against the Strasbourg court's decision.
MPs backed a motion opposing the move by a 234 to 22 - a majority of 212.
The government says it has to end the ban on inmates voting, or face being sued for tens of millions of pounds.
Senior Tory backbencher David Davis and former Labour Home Secretary Jack Straw tabled the motion, urging ministers to defy the ruling from the European Court of Human Rights that a blanket ban on prisoners voting was illegal.
'Thoughtful'
Mr Straw said: "I am delighted with both the fact and the scale of the vote, which underlines the strength of feeling in the House.
"It was a very sober and thoughtful debate. The motion was very carefully phrased so that it should strengthen the hand of the government in going back to Strasbourg saying we have now met one of the objections of the court that the House of Commons had not held a substantive debate on this issue."
Ministers say they have no choice but to comply with the ruling, but they will do the "minimum necessary" under European law, restricting the right to vote to inmates serving sentences of four years or less. They have until April to say how they will respond to the court ruling.
Analysis Could the government depart from the jurisdiction of the European Court of Human Rights? In other words, could it follow Parliament's will and ignore the court's judgement and its international obligations? Though the political consequences of allowing some prisoners the vote may be toxic domestically, the consequences of ignoring the court's judgement could be even more unpalatable internationally. Parliament can freely debate the issue of prisoner votes, but it is the government which has signed up to the European Convention on Human Rights. Ignoring the judgement could trigger compensation claims by UK prisoners. If the government paid up, it would be turning on a tap that would never stop running. That would cause a public outcry and is politically unthinkable. If the government overtly refused to pay the compensation, that would be unusual and the Council of Europe would have to consider suspending the UK. A suspension would place the UK alongside Belarus as the only major European state outside the council. Legislation of some sort seems inevitable and the government will do the minimum it can to meet its legal obligations. It is also likely to seek to address - through the Council of Europe's inter-governmental decision making body, the Committee of Ministers - disquiet about the role, judicial quality and running of the European Court of Human Rights, voiced by among others, the retired law lord Lord Hoffman.
During the debate, Mr Davis said they did not believe enfranchising prisoners would "stop one crime in this country" and they said they would not be satisfied with a compromise allowing those serving terms of less than a year to be given the vote.
This, they said, would permit thousands of people who had committed serious crimes to vote - something they said the public would "recoil from".
David Cameron said they did not see why the UK should have to change its policy, adding: "But I'm the prime minister. We're in a situation where the courts are telling us we are going to be fined unless we change this.
"I find it thoroughly unsatisfactory. In my view, prisoners should not get the vote, and that's that. But we are going to have to sort this out one way or the other."
Government ministers and Labour shadow cabinet members were ordered to abstain in the Commons vote, which is not binding on the government. Backbench MPs were given a free vote.
At present in the UK, only prisoners on remand are allowed to vote.
In 2005, the European Court of Human Rights ruled that blanket ban unlawful, and in June, the Council of Europe, which enforces the court's decrees, urged the coalition to rectify the situation.
For the government, Attorney General Dominic Grieve said they were "frustrated" by the current situation, but the judgement was an "international obligation" since the UK had been a signatory to the European Convention on Human Rights.
"How can we find a way in which we may be able to persuade the court to respect the views of the legislature... without ending up, for example, with having to withdraw from the Convention... which, I have to say, would not come without cost or consequence for this country?"
But a number of MPs, including Labour's Jeremy Corbyn and Lib Dem MP Tom Brake, warned that the UK could not "pick and choose" which parts of the European Convention of Human Rights it subscribed to.
Mr Brake said a ban on prisoners voting was "illogical" and the right to vote should be seen as part of the process of rehabilitation.
"Release from prison is not the point at which prisoners should re-engage with society," they said. "I do not want to shut the door on prisoners ready and willing to re-engage with society and sign up to the tenets that underpin it.
"As anyone who has visited a prison will know, there are some prisoners seeking that engagement."
The voting rights of prisoners is a UK-wide issue and will affect Scotland and Northern Ireland, even though the administration of justice is devolved.
In 1968, socially and economically marginalised groups of people protested in a global movement [GALLO/GETTY]
The turmoil in Arab countries that is called the Arab Spring is conventionally said to have been sparked by the self-immolation of Mohamed Bouazizi in a small village of Tunisia on December 17, 2010. The massive sympathy this act aroused led, in a relatively short time, to the destitution of Tunisia's president and then to that of Egypt's president. In very quick order thereafter, the turmoil spread to virtually every Arab state and is still continuing.
Most of the analyses we read in the media or on the internet neglect the fundamental contradiction of this phenomenon - that the so-called Arab Spring is composed of two quite different currents, going in radically different directions. One current is the heir of the world-revolution of 1968. The "1968 current" might better be called the "second Arab revolt".
Its objective is to achieve the global autonomy of the Arab world that the "first Arab revolt" had sought to achieve. The first revolt failed primarily because of successful Franco-British measures to contain it, co-opt it, and repress it.
The second current is the attempt by all important geopolitical actors to control the first current, each acting to divert collective activity in the Arab world in ways that would redound to the relative advantage of each of these actors separately. The actors here regard the "1968 current" as highly dangerous to their interests. They have done everything possible to turn attention and energy away from the objectives of the "1968 current", in what I think of as the great distraction.
The past didn't go anywhere
What do I mean by a "1968 current"? There were two essential features to the world-revolution of 1968 that remain relevant to the world situation today. First, the revolutionaries of 1968 were protesting against the inherently undemocratic behaviour of those in authority. This was a revolt against such use (or misuse) of authority at all levels: the level of the world-system as a whole; the level of the national and local governments; the level of the multiple non-governmental institutions in which people take part or to which they are subordinated (from workplaces to educational structures to political parties and trade-unions).
The '1968 current' refers to a revolution of the 'forgotten peoples' [GALLO/GETTY]
In language that was developed later on, the 1968-revolutionaries were against vertical decision-making and in favour of horizontal decision-making - participatory and therefore popular. By and large, although there were exceptions, the "1968 current" was deeply influenced by the concept of non-violent resistance, whether in the version of satyagraha developed by Mahatma Gandhi or that pursued by Martin Luther King and their collaborators, or indeed older versions such as that of Henry David Thoreau.
In the "Arab Spring" we could see this current strongly at work in Tunisia and Egypt. It was the rapid public embrace of this current that terrified those in power - the rulers of every Arab state without exception, the governments of the "outside" states who were an active presence in the geopolitics of the Arab world, even the governments of very distant states.
The spread of an anti-authoritarian logic, and especially its success anywhere, menaced all of them. The governments of the world joined forces to destroy the "1968 current".
A growing world movement
So far, they have not been able to do it. Indeed, on the contrary, the current is gaining force around the world - from Hong Kong to Athens to Madrid to Santiago to Johannesburg to New York. This is not solely the result of the Arab Spring, since the seeds and even the revolts elsewhere predated December 2010. But the fact that it has occurred so dramatically in the Arab world, once thought relatively unresponsive to such a current, has added considerable momentum to the growing world movement.
How have the governments responded to the threat? There are really only three ways to respond to such a threat - repression, concessions and diversion. All three responses have been used, and up to a certain point, their use has achieved some success.
Of course, the internal political realities of each state are different, and that is why the dosage of repression, concessions and diversion has varied from state to state.
However, the decisive characteristic is, in my view, the second feature of the world-revolution of 1968. The world-revolution of 1968 included in a very major way a revolution of the "forgotten peoples" - those who had been left out of the concerns of the major organised forces of all political stripes. The forgotten peoples had been told that their concerns, their complaints, their demands were secondary and had to be postponed until some other primary concerns were resolved.
Who were these forgotten peoples? They were first of all women, half the world's population. They were secondly those who were defined in a given state as "minorities" - a concept that is not really numerical but rather social (and has usually been defined in terms of race or religion or language or some combination thereof).
In addition to women and the social "minorities", there exists a long list of other groups who also proclaimed their insistence on not being forgotten: Those with "other" sexual preferences, those who were disabled, those who were the "indigenous" populations in a zone that had been subject to in-migration by powerful outsiders in the last 500 years, those who were deeply concerned with threats to the environment, those who were pacifists. The list has continued to grow, as more and more "groups" became conscious of their status as "forgotten peoples".
As one analyses Arab state after Arab state, one realises quite quickly that the list of forgotten peoples and their relation to the regime in power varies considerably. Hence, the degree to which "concessions" can limit revolt varies. The degree to which "repression" is easy or difficult for the regime varies. But make no mistake about it, all regimes want, above all, to stay in power.
One way to stay in power is for some of those who are in power to join the uprising, casting overboard a personage who happens to be the president or ruler in favour of the pseudo-neutral armed forces. This is exactly what happened in Egypt. It is that about which those who are today reoccupying Tahrir Square in Egypt are complaining as they seek to reinvigorate the "1968 current".
The problem for the major geopolitical actors is that they are not sure how best to "distract" attention and advance their own interests amidst the turmoil. Let us look at what the various actors have been trying to do and the degree to which they have been successful. We will then be able better to assess the prospects of the "1968 current" today and in the relatively near future.
Ex-colonial redemption
We should start the story with France and Great Britain - the fading ex-colonial powers. They were both badly caught with their pants down in Tunisia and Egypt. Their leaders had, as individuals, been personally profiting from the two dictatorships. They not merely supported them against the uprising, but actively counselled them on how to repress.
Finally, and very late, they realised how big a political error this had been. They had to find a way to redeem themselves. They found it in Libya.
Muammar Gaddafi had also, just like the French and the British, fully supported Zine El Abidine Ben Ali and Hosni Mubarak. Indeed they went the furthest, deploring their resignations. They were obviously deeply frightened by what was happening in the two neighbouring countries. To be sure, there was not much of a true "1968 current" in Libya. But there were plenty of discontented groups. And when these groups began their revolt, they blustered about how hard they would repress them.
France and Great Britain saw their opportunity here.
'The 1968 current is expanding, despite recession, despite concessions, despite co-option' [GALLO/GETTY]
Despite the degree to which these two countries (and others) had engaged in profitable business in Libya for at least a decade, they suddenly discovered that Gaddafi was a terrible dictator, which no doubt they are. They set out to redeem themselves by open military support for the Libyan rebels.
Today, Bernard-Henri Lévy is boasting of the way in which they created a direct link between President Sarkozy of France and the structure of the Libyan rebels on the basis of active intervention to promote human rights.
But France and Great Britain, however determined, were unable to unseat Gaddafi without help. They needed the United States. Obama was obviously reluctant at first. But, under internal US pressure ("to promote human rights"), they threw in US military and political assistance to what was now called a NATO effort. They did this on the basis that, in the end, they could argue that not a single US life was lost - only Libyan lives.
Just as Gaddafi was unnerved by the ousting of Mubarak, so were the Saudis. They saw Western acquiescence (and subsequently approval) of their departure as a highly dangerous precedent. They decided to pursue their own independent line - the defence of the status quo.
They defended it first of all at home, secondly in the Gulf Coordination Council (and in particular in Bahrain), then in the other monarchies (Jordan and Morocco), then in all Arab states. And in the two neighbouring countries in which there was most turmoil - Yemen and Syria - they began to pursue a mediation in which everything would change so that nothing would change.
A current not easily contained
The new Egyptian regime, under attack at home from the "1968 current" and always sensitive to the fact that Egypt's primacy in the Arab world had diminished seriously, began to revise its geopolitical stance, first of all vis-à-vis Israel.
The regime wanted to take its distance from Israel, without, however, jeopardising its ability to obtain financial assistance from the United States. They became an active advocate of reunification of the split Palestinian political world, hoping that this reunification would not only force significant concessions from the Israelis but hamper the development of the "1968 current" among the Palestinians.
The global spirit of protest won't be easily contained [GALLO/GETTY]
Two neighbouring countries - Turkey and Iran - sought to profit from the Arab unrest by strengthening their own legitimacy as actors in the Middle East arena. This was not easy for either of them, especially since each had to worry about the degree to which the "1968 current" would menace them internally - the Kurds in Turkey, the multiple factions in the complicated Iranian internal politics.
And Israel? Israel has been assaulted all around by the prospect of "delegitimisation" - in the Western world (even in Germany, even in the United States), in Egypt and Jordan, in Turkey, in Russia and China. And all the while it has had to face a "1968 current" that has emerged among the Jewish population within Israel.
And, as all this geopolitical juggling has been going on, the Arab Spring has become simply one part of what is now very clearly a worldwide unrest occurring everywhere: Oxi in Greece, indignados in Spain, students in Chile, the Occupy movements that have now spread to 800 cities in North America and elsewhere, strikes in China and demonstrations in Hong Kong, multiple happenings across Africa.
The "1968 current" is expanding - despite repression, despite concessions, despite co-option.
And geopolitically, across the Arab world, the success of the various players has been limited, and in some cases counterproductive. Tahrir Square has become a symbol across the world. Yes, many Islamist movements have been able to express themselves openly in Arab states where they could not do so earlier. But so have the secular left forces. The trade unions are rediscovering their historic role.
Those who believe that Arab unrest, that world unrest, is a passing moment will discover in the next major bubble burst (which we can anticipate quite soon) that the "1968 current" will no longer be so easily contained.
Immanuel Wallerstein is a professor in the department of sociology at Yale University and author of some 30 books, including The Modern World System - published in four volumes, with a further two anticipated. Prof Wallerstein's decades of work, critical of global capitalism and supporting 'anti-systemic movements' have led to them being recognised as a world-renowned expert in social analysis.
The views expressed in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect Al Jazeera's editorial policy.
June 2, 2014
LGBT Legal Cases Marriage equality Trials
On Friday, the governor of Idaho, C.L. “Butch” Otter, asked the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals for an initial hearing with an 11-judge panel, instead of three judges, in. An initialhearing in that case, the filing suggested, would allow the Ninth Circuit to have a circuit-wide, binding decision on the issue of same-sex marriage, as well as the issue of the level of judicial scrutiny that should be applied to laws that discriminate on the basis of sexual orientation.
The state's filing notes that the Ninth Circuit has already fast-tracked the Idaho case, as well as a similar challenge from Nevada. The state argues that the appeals court's resolution of same-sex marriage “will carry profound legal and broader social consequences for all people within the Ninth Circuit,” and that “a decision by an eleven-judge panel stands far higher and stronger than does a decision by a three-judge panel — just as a decision by a three-judge panel stands far higher and stronger than does a decision by a single judge.”
The state also points to the ongoing dispute in SmithKline Beecham v. Abbott Laboratories as a reason for the Ninth Circuit to resolve the scrutiny issue in the Idaho case. In the SmithKline case, a Ninth Circuit judge called for a vote on whether to rehear that case with an en banc panel. The case involves a juror who was discriminated against because of their sexual orientation, and the Ninth Circuit had held that a heightened form of judicial scrutiny is required. The parties to the case filed briefs, and neither party wanted the court to address the level of scrutiny issue even if it set the case for rehearing. The state suggests in its brief that the circumstances of that case don't present the best vehicle for the Ninth Circuit to resolve the scrutiny issue.
The Idaho case, they argue, is better – advocates on both sides vigorously dispute the scrutiny issue, and that issue should be dealt with by an en banc panel, so that it has a uniform resolution across the Ninth Circuit.
Thanks to Kathleen Perrin for these filings
For more information on Latta v. Otter from The Civil Rights Litigation Clearinghouse, click here.
A follow-up to my earlier post on comments here... US Supreme Court Considers Marriage Case This Week
We want to thank Human Rights Watch for the video below. It is about an upsetting subject matter that should not be.
(Geneva) – Forced anal examinations on men and transgender women accused of consensual same-sex conduct have been reported in at least eight countries in the last five years, Human Rights Watch said in a report released today. These examinations lack evidentiary value and are a form of cruel, inhuman, and degrading treatment that may in some cases amount to torture. Egypt, Kenya, Lebanon, Tunisia, Turkmenistan, The 82-page report, “ Dignity Debased: Forced Anal Examinations in Homosexuality Prosecutions ,” is based on interviews with 32 men and transgender women who underwent forced anal examinations in Cameroon Uganda , and Zambia . The examinations, which have the purported objective of finding “proof” of homosexual conduct, often involve doctors or other medical personnel forcibly inserting their fingers, and sometimes other objects, into the anus of the accused. Victims of forced anal testing told Human Rights Watch that they found the exams painful and degrading; some experienced them as a form of sexual violence. - hrw.org
The exams are rooted in discredited 19th century theories that homosexuals can be identified by the tone of the anal sphincter or the shape of the anus. International forensic medicine experts have found that the exams are useless, in addition to being cruel and degrading. The conclusion was shared even by several medical professionals Human Rights Watch interviewed who themselves had conducted anal exams. - hrw.org
For more of this article, please head over to Human Rights Watch webpage.
Countries around the world should ban the practice of conducting forced anal examinations on men and transgender women accused of consensual same-sex conduct. These examinations, which have been reported in at least eight countries in the last five years, lack evidentiary value and are a form of cruel, inhuman and degrading treatment that may in some cases amount to torture. - youtube.com
h/t: Human Rights Watch webpage.
New Member
Posts: 6
Joined: Dec 2015
Group: Junior MemberPosts: 6Joined: Dec 2015
QUOTE(Yaoyiming @ Apr 16 2016, 07:47 PM)
GEORGE TOWN - Penang has managed to record a budget surplus of RM453 million for the years 2008 until 2013, said Chief Minister Lim Guan Eng, as reported by Roketkini.com.
In their closing speech for the 2015 state budget, Guan Eng pointed out that Penang's finance has been growing stronger since they took over the state government six years ago. This is also something that can be verified by the Auditor-General report.
“Deficit budget is an issue that has frequently been played up by the opposition. But with the Penang government's efficiency in managing the state's funds, a surplus of RM453 million has been achieved from 2008 until 2013.
“If the Opposition Leader has proof that this surplus has been manipulated, please criticise the Auditor-General as this financial statement has been verified by him,” Guan Eng said.
Oh really?GEORGE TOWN - Penang has managed to record a budget surplus of RM453 million for the years 2008 until 2013, said Chief Minister Lim Guan Eng, as reported by Roketkini.com.In their closing speech for the 2015 state budget, Guan Eng pointed out that Penang's finance has been growing stronger since they took over the state government six years ago. This is also something that can be verified by the Auditor-General report.“Deficit budget is an issue that has frequently been played up by the opposition. But with the Penang government's efficiency in managing the state's funds, a surplus of RM453 million has been achieved from 2008 until 2013.“If the Opposition Leader has proof that this surplus has been manipulated, please criticise the Auditor-General as this financial statement has been verified by him,” Guan Eng said.
2014 news
http://www.therakyatpost.com/news/2014/11/...ourth-year-row/
Chief Minister Lim Guan Eng says the estimated revenue in 2015 for the state is expected to stand at RM656.95 million compared with expenditure of RM887.24 million.
GEORGE TOWN, Nov 7, 2014:
The Pakatan Rakyat state government today tabled a deficit budget of an estimated RM230.31 million during the second term of the 13th Penang Assembly Sitting here.
2016 news
http://www.therakyatpost.com/news/2015/11/...udget-for-2016/
GEORGE TOWN, Nov 6, 2015:
Penang has tabled another deficit budget for 2016, making it eight consecutive times such a budget has been tabled in the island state.
The Budget which was tabled this morning by Chief Minister Lim Guan Eng, showed a deficit budget by the DAP-led Penang government since it took over in 2008.
The Budget was announced at the Penang State Assembly earlier today
Lim proposed an expenditure of RM979.53 million involving a deficit amount of RM292.13 million compared with last year's Budget.
lol look who is lying under their teeth now.. LGE talk pusing2 talk big taknak kalah as alwaysChief Minister Lim Guan Eng says the estimated revenue in 2015 for the state is expected to stand at RM656.95 million compared with expenditure of RM887.24 million.GEORGE TOWN, Nov 7, 2014:The Pakatan Rakyat state government today tabled a deficit budget of an estimated RM230.31 million during the second term of the 13th Penang Assembly Sitting here.GEORGE TOWN, Nov 6, 2015:Penang has tabled another deficit budget for 2016, making it eight consecutive times such a budget has been tabled in the island state.The Budget which was tabled this morning by Chief Minister Lim Guan Eng, showed a deficit budget by the DAP-led Penang government since it took over in 2008.The Budget was announced at the Penang State Assembly earlier todayLim proposed an expenditure of RM979.53 million involving a deficit amount of RM292.13 million compared with last year's Budget.
Yoga teachers are all skinny models, right? Not even close. But that's often what people come to imagine a yoga teacher to look like, and the mass media machine is doing anything to help (see: yoga magazine covers and most yoga ads). Oh, but we can fight back, and many already have with missions and missives and big FUs to the cookie cutter stereotypes.
One teacher in particular recently took it upon themselves to put their body in judgment's way by shedding their ‘fit' yoga teacher image and gaining 40 pounds to prove a point. A brave and noble experiment or a condescending journey to feeling ‘fat'?
Trina Hall was, by definition, a naturally fit yoga teacher from Dallas, Texas who ate “for health.” When a friend called them crying and unhappy about their current situation in life, saying “I don't want to be known as the fat yoga teacher,” Hall decided to commit “career suicide” and go on a diet to prove to their friend that it's not all about what you look like but what's inside that counts, they explained on their blog. This diet of eating “anything and everything” led Hall to gain an extra 40 pounds in just 4 months, plus a whole load of guilt and self-doubt.
They ate “bad” foods and felt “bad” about it.
I did feel bad about it, because I had always eaten for health, and your body feels good when you eat that way. You're nourishing your body and giving it fuel. I was turning it into eating for the sake of eating, and I definitely felt like I shouldn't be doing that. You know, it's bad to eat a bar of chocolate every day.
And when Hall reached their peak of ‘fatness' the doubt and judgement creeped in:
I thought this would be an experiment in empowering people to love their bodies and not try to fit society's mold. Instead, reality of my latent insecurities came like a football team's kicker being put in as the center (my identity was pummeled). The stories I made up about what people thought of me were changing and I was emotionally affected. Suddenly, my self-worth was proving to be connected to how good I looked wearing spandex – something I completely denied giving a shit about before this experiment – and that pissed me off. As the pounds were coming on, I was learning that I had fears I wasn't aware of. I was afraid that I would be judged based on what I looked like. And I learned that I was judging myself when I would look in the mirror, and I would create this idea around: No one will love me this way. I always had this idea that, “Oh my gosh, everyone should look more inside because that's what it's all about.” But I discovered that I was just as guilty as the next person of being obsessed with my external appearance.
Yoga, with its overall theme of positivity, tolerance and acceptance, is not devoid of darkness, fear and doubt. We all know this. We also know that yoga, as a growing part of the fabric of many of our lifestyles, can not escape the trappings of societal misgivings and general issues of identity, body image and disempowerment.
Since the experiment, or what Hall refers to as an “art piece” open to interpretation, ended in July, she's been back to eating “healthy” and it's more or less back to life, back to reality, with possibly a new (or renewed) complex about their bodily appearance.
While I could never discredit their efforts, their compassion or their personal experience, there's something that just doesn't sit quite right with me.
Gaining weight to feel what ‘fat' feels by eating tons of “bad” food, then stopping it all by going back to eating “healthy” is not a luxury we can all afford. Hall is, of course, free to do what they want with their own body and feel whatever they feel, but I wonder if their public story of personal disempowerment due to weight and body image issues is a great triumph in unmasking what many others feel inside their skin, or demoralizing and insulting to those with larger bodies who are trying to lose weight or who otherwise feel completely comfortable and confident exactly where they are.
This is ripe for discussion. I'd love to hear your thoughts.
[NY Daily News]
image via News & World Report
——
Earlier…
The author sued New Regency and director Andrew Niccol in September saying the story was stolen from their 1965 work "Repent, Harlequin! Said the Ticktockman."
Harlan Ellison has decided that they don't want to take credit for In Time, the recent sci-fi film starring Justin Timberlake and Amanda Seyfried. In September, the legendary author sued New Regency and director Andrew Niccol over the 20th Century Fox-distributed film, alleging it was a copyright infringement of their multiple prize-winning 1965 work, "Repent, Harlequin! Said the Ticktockman." But Ellison had second thoughts and has decided to voluntarily dismiss the lawsuit with prejudice.
Ellison's attorney wasn't available for comment about why the author decided to back off of claims that both In Time and their own story told the same tale about a "dystopian corporate future in which everyone is allotted a specific amount of time to live."
But according to a stipulation filed in court on Monday, the decision came after the plaintiff had a chance to see the film.
It's conceivable that they aren't very impressed. The film garnered a low 38 percent rating on Rotten Tomatoes and grosses just $35 million in the U.S. (though it has done better overseas, grossing about $70 million).
Ellison has a history of suing, and their legal track record suggests that they have no qualms about about going to the mat to demand payment for use of their high-concept ideas. But typically, their claims have been reserved for TV shows and films that have been well received. For example, he's battled Paramount over one of the most acclaimed episodes in Star Trek history, "The City on the Edge of Forever," which they penned. They also pursued, and eventually got an acknowledgment credit on The Terminator, saying it was based on two Outer Limits episodes they wrote.
As part of the agreement to dismiss their lawsuit, Ellison has also agreed that each party will bear its own attorney fees.
E-mail: eriqgardner@yahoo.com
Twitter: @eriqgardner
The Russian military recently dispatched a guided-missile warship to Cuba as part of what U.S. officials say are growing military, intelligence and economic ties between Moscow and Havana.
The missile cruiser is the Moskva, the flagship of the Russian Black Sea fleet, according to state-run Russian news reports.
“The cruiser Moskva and the large seagoing tanker Ivan Bubnov set off for Havana on the fourth week of their long-distance deployment,” a fleet spokesperson told Interfax-AVN on Friday. On the way, the ship conducted a test launch of a cruise missile, they said.
After Havana, the warship will visit Caracas, Venezuela; Managua, Nicaragua; and Praia Port in the Cape Verde Islands off eastern Africa.
The visit to Cuba is part of what the U.S. officials said is a push by Moscow to boost relations with Cuba in the military, energy and transportation sectors.
The effort was kicked off in February when Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev announced that Moscow is canceling most of Cuba's Soviet-era debt, estimated at close to $30 billion, while they denounced the U.S. embargo against the communist island nation.
The closer ties also appear related to Russian efforts to maintain influence in the region after the death of leftist Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez and the expected retirement of Cuban President Raul Castro in the coming months.
Russian military ties with Cuba were bolstered during a visit to Havana in April by Russian Chief of Staff Gen. Valeri Gerasimov.
U.S. officials said Gen. Gerasimov's visit included stops at Cuban military and intelligence sites and was viewed as an indication that Moscow wants to step up both its military and intelligence presence in Cuba.
During the Soviet period, the Russians operated a large electronic spying facility at Lourdes, near Havana, that was capable of intercepting most U.S. communications in the southeastern United States. It was less than 100 miles off the coast of Key West.
Now there are signs that the Russians want to return to Lourdes for more electronic spying.
The Russians also are assisting the Cubans economically with offshore oil prospecting, plans for a new international airport near Havana and deliveries of Russian passenger jets.
The warship visit follows Panama's recent seizure of a North Korean freighter covertly ferrying Soviet-made missiles and aircraft from Cuba to North Korea, in apparent violation of U.N. sanctions on Pyongyang over its missile and nuclear tests.
UNILATERAL NUCLEAR CUTS OPPOSED
The military nominee to be the next commander of U.S. Strategic Command said this week that they oppose unilateral cuts in U.S. strategic nuclear forces. The command is in charge of nuclear deterrence and war fighting.
Adm. Cecil E.D. Haney, currently head of the U.S. Pacific Fleet, said during their Senate nomination hearing Tuesday that they would not support further cuts in the U.S. strategic arsenal unless they are carried out jointly with Russia.
The comments followed President Obama's recent speech in Berlin promising a further one-third cut in deployed U.S. nuclear warheads. During the speech, the president made scant mention of the cuts as part of another arms agreement with Russia.
“My advice would be that we negotiate a bilateral agreement that also has verifiable components to it, so that we can ensure that the said reduction would work,” Adm. Haney said in response to questions from Sen. Kelly Ayotte, New Hampshire Republican, at the Senate Armed Services Committee hearing.
Ms. Ayotte said “it wasn't clear” from the president's Berlin speech whether their proposal to cut deployed warheads to about 1,000 weapons would be made unilaterally or negotiated in tandem with the Russians.
“So, just to be clear, you would oppose a unilateral reduction?” Ms. Ayotte asked.
“Senator, that is correct,” the four-star admiral said.
U.S. nuclear weapons stockpiles are in urgent need of multibillion-dollar modernization efforts that Mr. Obama promised during Senate ratification debate on the 2010 New START agreement with Russia.
However, full funding for nuclear modernization has not been carried out, members of Congress said.
Mr. Obama has said they hope to eliminate all nuclear weapons, and Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel was an outspoken advocate of total nuclear disarmament as a senior member of the anti-nuclear weapons group Global Zero.
Adm. Haney said nuclear modernization is “even more critical” for the aging U.S. arsenal as New START reductions are carried out. The treaty calls for cutting deployed strategic warheads to 1,550.
“It is so important that we have a secure and a safe and effective nuclear deterrent, and that the industrial base supports that,” Adm. Haney said.
Maintaining funds for nuclear modernization will be difficult as defense sequestration spending cuts are imposed, they added.
WARNING ON WOMEN IN COMBAT
Retired Army officer Robert L. Maginnis, a veteran of the culture wars as an analyst for the Family Research Council, has written a book on the Obama's administration's latest military social experiment: lifting the ban on women in ground combat.
The book, “Deadly Consequences: How Cowards Are Pushing Women Into Combat,” provides a devastating, point-by-point rebuttal to President Obama's generals who argue that women are needed in the infantry, in tanks and with special operations forces.
Mr. Maginnis argues that rather than strengthening the force, women in land combat will lead to reduced military physical standards designed to keep them from flunking out. That in turn will produce less-ready combat units, they say. Mr. Maginnis also foresees a rise, not a decrease as the Pentagon says, in sexual assaults with the policy change. They also challenge the idea that women want to join ground combat.
“Lifting the ban will undermine the very ability of the men who do the killing on the front lines,” Mr. Maginnis writes. “Our last line of defense is our armed forces, and this administration wants to put America in jeopardy by compromising our very ability to protect our country, all in the name of equality.”
The Pentagon earlier this year lifted the longtime ban on women in direct ground combat units. It now is studying physical standards to see whether some of the requirements can be discarded.
The Marine Corps recently admitted six female officers to its demanding combat-qualification course. All six failed. Last week, Army and Marine Corps generals told Congress that they are looking at separate training techniques for women to ensure they are able to qualify for ground combat roles.
“If feminists and their political allies in the Pentagon, the White House and Congress are to succeed, they must first compromise military training and operational standards,” Mr. Maginnis writes.
“That will inevitably drain combat effectiveness, and the nation will be less secure [because] feminists will not be content with performance standards that women can't meet.”
N. KOREA'S FAKE BACKPACK NUKES
The North Korean military showed off a purported backpack nuclear bomb unit at a recent military parade in Pyongyang, as U.S. and foreign analysts dismissed the tactical nuclear-bomb soldiers as communist propaganda.
The July 27 parade featured goose-stepping North Korean troops along with another display of the new KN-08 road-mobile intercontinental ballistic missile — carried atop a Chinese-made transporter erector launcher that U.S. officials say violates U.N.-imposed sanctions. The parade was held to mark the 60th anniversary of the armistice that ended the Korean War.
During the parade, an army unit marched through the street, with soldiers carrying small packages bearing the yellow and black radiation warning symbol.
A Western diplomat dismissed the North Korean military's attempt to show off an arsenal of tactical nuclear suitcase bombs as a propaganda stunt aimed at sowing fear in the West.
“We don't take that seriously because they probably painted the radiation symbol over some Hello Kitty backpacks they stole from Japan,” the official said. “No one believes that North Korea has the technology to make a miniature nuclear bomb like that.”
Said one U.S. official: “There are some good reasons to be concerned about North Korea's military capabilities, but right now backpack-size nukes aren't among them.”
Disclosure of the backpack nuclear squad was first reported in South Korea's Daily NK online news site. The news agency reported in 2011 that the North Korean military had set up a “backpack-bomb unit” operating covertly at a logging camp. However, there is no evidence that the unit is equipped with nuclear arms.
A North Korean general recently stated publicly that its military forces had small nuclear warheads capable of being fired on North Korean missiles.
U.S. intelligence agencies do not know whether Pyongyang is able to make a nuclear device small enough to fit on a missile — or in a backpack.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Star Wars Battlefront is being shown to retailers. Now we want EA to show it to us.
Star Wars Battlefront is expected sometime this year, so it's about time EA gave us a look at DICE's latest.
It turns out that while press and gamers have had to twiddle their thumbs, EA is showing it to retailers behind closed doors. Normally we're not supposed to know this sort of thing goes on (ir happens all the time), but cheerfully outspoken EA executive Peter Moore just tweeted the heck out of a recent visit with Gamestop:
Just arrived here in Fort Worth for the @GameStop FMM. I wonder what I will be showing today? #starwarsbattlefront pic.twitter.com/LTGqBBRklQ — Peter Moore (@petermooreEA) March 3, 2015
A GREAT show with my friends/partners @GameStop. Superb ovation for latest game play footage on @starwars Battlefront pic.twitter.com/mrGAHcT7VK — Peter Moore (@petermooreEA) March 3, 2015
What a tease. Peter, if I didn't love you so fervently I might even be mad.
There's some small hope that a new Star Wars Battlefront trailer might be released at GDC 2015 this week, but I'm not giving it good odds; I think EA will make us wait for E3. The short PR cycle thing has been working out for triple-A recently, after all.
All we've seen of the game so far are a few snippets as part of a feature video shown at E3 2014.
Thanks, StarWarsHQ.
In the last few days, we've seen a lot of local news (and some national press attention) about the Michigan Religious Freedom Restoration Act (MiRFRA). The bill has passed the Michigan House of Representatives and now heads to the Senate for consideration.
Not surprisingly, reports differ widely on what the bill aims to accomplish. One popular article, which has been widely distributed on social media, alleges that if passed, the law would allow “an EMT to refuse emergency treatment to a gay person or a pharmacist to refuse to refill HIV medication, because God decreed gays and lesbians should be put to death.” The piece claims that “the act is so broad it would let a Catholic high school refuse to hire a Muslim janitor, and a DMV clerk deny a new driver's license to someone who is divorced.” A staff attorney for the ACLU has argued that the language in the bill would give a man the right to beat their wife if that's what their religion calls for. Clearly, this kind of law would be extreme and extremely wrong.
But is that what MiRFRA would allow?
As always, it's a good idea to read the actual bill. It's a little more than four pages long and takes less than ten minutes to read. The Michigan bill is modeled after the Religious Freedom Restoration Act (RFRA), which was signed into law by President Clinton in 1993. The federal RFRA arose as a response to the 1990 Supreme Court decision Employment Division v. Smith which greatly reduced the government's requirement to justify placing a burden on religious exercise. At the heart of MiRFRA (like the RFRA before it) is this provision:
Government may substantially burden a person's exercise of religion only if it demonstrates that application of the burden to that person's exercise of religion in that particular instance is both of the following: (a) In furtherance of a compelling governmental interest. (b) The least restrictive means of furthering that compelling governmental interest. (Sec. 5.2)
The bill does not allow for anyone to do whatever they or they want to do so long as they claim that religion made them do it. There will always be a delicate balance between religious freedom on one hand and the interests of the state on the other. On the religious side, persons falling under the provisions of MiRFRA must demonstrate their “act or refusal to act” is “substantially motivated by a sincerely held religious belief.” I can't make up the Religion of Kevin to justify my whims and wishes. On the other side, the state may not infringe upon the free exercise of religion unless it can demonstrate that there is a compelling governmental interest in doing so and that the path chosen is the least restrictive means available.
The compelling interest test has been set forth in prior court rulings, including Porth v. Roman Catholic Diocese of Kalamazoo, a 1995 Michigan appellate court decision. At issue was whether a Catholic school had the right to insist that all its teachers be Catholics (they had failed to renew the contract of a Protestant teaching a fourth/fifth grade class). The court cited the 1993 Religious Freedom Restoration Act in siding with the school: “After applying a strict scrutiny test, we conclude that the state does not possess a compelling interest in prohibiting religious discrimination in the employment of teachers in church-operated schools.” Because the case involved someone with educational responsibility (as opposed to a janitor), the court decided that the state did not in this instance have a compelling interest in burdening the free exercise of religion of Catholics who wanted their school to be Catholic.
The bill approved by the Michigan House does not give carte blanche license to refuse services to gays and lesbians (the legislation does not even mention homosexuality). There is already a federal law which ensures public accesses to emergency medical services; MiRFRA would not change that (indeed, the federal law allowing access to emergency medical services has coexisted with the federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act since 1993). Likewise, a DMV clerk, as a state employee, could not deny services to a divorcee without being guilty of the kind of government-sanctioned religious discrimination prohibited under the Equal Protection Clause of the Constitution. Simply put, the bill before the Michigan Senate would not allow for the worst case scenarios tossed around online. Neither is there evidence from the federal statute that passing such a bill would enmesh the state in a long litany of frivolous court cases.
Michiganders have the right to agree or disagree with any piece of legislation. Even Christians may come to different conclusion. But we should do more to understand what's at stake and what isn't. And we should all be able to agree that sometimes the political process is not exactly what Facebook and Twitter make it out to be.
The People's Climate March is finishing plans for the September 21st event in New York City. The march is being coordinated in response to UN Secretary Ban Ki-Moon's call to world leaders to meet on September 22 and 23 to discuss global disruptions posed by climate change. Secretary Moon will participate in the march.
The goal of the event is to assemble in one place the largest group ever concerned about environmental impacts of climate disruption. The ‘family friendly' event will be fully permitted. Over 2000 solidarity events will also be held in 130 countries.
Peoples Climate March is expected to draw over 100,000 with participants traveling from every state, including students from over 300 campuses. They will assemble at West Central Park and walk through Times Square towards 11th Avenue starting at 11:30 am Sunday.
Panels and learning opportunities are planned during the week before the march. NYC Climate Convergence will hold workshops and teach-ins sept 19-21st on climate change.
On Saturday, Sept 20th, a day before the People's Climate March, a panel of noted experts in climate change will discuss climate disruption.
The UN convergence on climate meeting will begin meeting the next day on September 22nd with leaders and climate delegates from 130 countries.
Despite great effort to mobilize numbers not seen since the Civil Rights and Vietnam protests, notable climate advocates have said the climate march does not go far enough to challenge the entrenched fossil fuel industry.
In an assessment of failing efforts to alter fossil energy consumption toward renewable sources, Chris Hedges came out calling the event “one of the last gasps of conventional liberalism's response to the climate crisis.”
Hedges raised concerns of partner organizations, such as Environmental Defense Fund, which says it “work[s] with companies rather than against them” and labeled them “faux environmental organizations…designed to neutralize resistance.” Hedges claims such groups have “funding from the oil and gas industry and supports fracking as a form of alternative energy.”
Kevin Zeese, co-author of Popular Resistance, believes it is past time for protest symbolism. “The march by itself it is not sufficient to ensure the kind of economic, political and cultural changes that are needed to confront the climate crisis,” they said.
However, Zeese believes the march will prompt others to organize in their communities. “We need to be uncompromising in our demands and push only for real solutions not those politically acceptable to the corrupt government, and we need to be persistent and refuse to back down,” they said.
For activists preferring the flavor of direct action, seasoned with civil disobedience, Monday is the day to meet. Flood Wall Street will gather at Battery Park, September 22 at 9 am and march to Wall Street, and “Sit down.” The action will be led by Chris Hedges and Naomi Kline. Their plan is to focus attention directly against the financiers of the carbon fuel industry.
A group called Beyond the March is organizing climate change groups with advocates to network for future planning against the corporations that profit from the fossil fuel industry.
Recent measurements of 401 parts per million concentrations of carbon in the atmosphere were recorded this past spring. This indicates energy corporations are increasing their carbon emissions footprint, making the need to change to renewable energy sources more dire than ever.
While the People's Climate March is a move to broaden awareness of carbon emissions dangers, “more important is what happens beyond the march,” said Zeese.
If you are interested in more than just Sundays main March, other organizations have scheduled events.
Clarence Darrow exists foremost in the public memory as Spencer Tracy, who played a lawyer based on Darrow in the 1960 movie Inherit the Wind. That film, in turn, was based on Darrow's 1925 defense of a Tennessee educator accused of breaking a state law banning the teaching of evolution in public schools. (Darrow lost The State of Tennessee v. Scopes, or the “monkey trial,” as it was known; the law was later repealed.) But as John A. Farrell makes clear in their new biography, Clarence Darrow: Attorney for the Damned, Darrow's life was even more tumultuous than that sensational trial would suggest.
Before Darrow became the champion of labor, proponent of the poor and defender of the most hopeless of death-row cases, they were a corporate lawyer—and for a railroad, no less. What turned them away from a career as a fat cat?
They couldn't look at themselves in the mirror. They were at heart one of the most compassionate people you could imagine meeting, and that part of them was always at war with the striver, the go-getter. But whenever the chips came down, they always came down on the side of the guy who needed a good lawyer. Depending on how they were fixed at any given time, a third to a half of their cases they were handling for free for indigent clients. They didn't charge big fees for their most notorious clients if there was a good cause behind it. It was just conscience, basically, that forced them to give up that job as counsel for the Chicago & North Western Railway. They were also prompted by their boss, their patron at the railroad, who had a sudden heart attack and died, so Darrow's decision was helped along by the fact that they no longer had a career there.
They operated for a while as a political lawyer in Chicago when the words “politics” and “Chicago” were pretty much synonymous with “graft” and “corruption.” How did they avoid the taint of that time and place?
They didn't, entirely. They got involved in several of the scandals of the time, but even crooked politicians need a good lawyer, and sometimes the law is applied in courts that are straight. So there was a respect for Darrow among the political boys for their ability to actually get things done, to run things, while they pursued their tricks and their deals. At the same time they were an idealist, and in fact one of the movers in the attempt by the Populists to spread their campaign from the farms, where it was born, to the cities.
Of course, William Jennings Bryan became Darrow's most famous foil during the monkey trial. Yet the two men were aligned in the 1896 presidential campaign. What brought them together, however briefly?
You had the growth of the Populist movement—a widespread feeling out in the West and Midwest that the financiers of the East were using the gold standard to keep the average farmer and the average working man in poverty. For the first time, in Chicago in 1896 [at the Democratic National Convention], you had a major party declare that it was going to represent the poor. That was Bryan's amazing feat of political rhetoric: they were this young, unknown member of congress and they stood up there and they captivated that convention hall and brought the Populists and the Democrats together.
Darrow was part of that same movement, but they never particularly cared for Bryan as a person. They thought Bryan was too religious and basically too stupid to lead a major party, and it really grated on them that Bryan got the presidential nomination three times. So their rivalry began to simmer and fester, and when Darrow had a chance to ambush Bryan in the courtroom in Dayton, Tennessee, in 1925, they took full advantage of it.
In Darrow's day there was open warfare between labor and capital. They stepped into that war in a major way in Idaho in 1907, when they defended Big Bill Haywood and two other unionists charged with murdering a former governor. You write that, “Of all of Darrow's courtroom speeches, their summation in the Haywood case was arguably the most brilliant, and dangerous.” In what way brilliant, and in what way dangerous?
It's brilliant in its eloquence. In those days attorneys and prosecutors could speak for up to 12 hours, or even longer—Darrow, in the Leopold and Loeb case, spoke for three days. The Haywood summation is long, and to the modern ear it tends to wander, but you have to think of them standing in the courtroom and speaking to the jury, and going back and forth over their major themes like a weaver. That speech is amazing, for their ability both to tear apart the prosecution's case and to draw from the jurors—who were not union men, but were working men—an appreciation for what labor was trying to do.
It was extraordinarily dangerous because they were using a plea for a client as a soapbox. They made a very political speech, talking in almost socialistic terms about the rights of the working class, and there was a danger that the jury would react against that—as one of their juries later did in Los Angeles. But it was a very small courtroom and the defense table was right up against the jurors; over the course of 90 days they got a very good sense of who they were, talking during breaks, listening to them, watching them as they listened to the testimony. I think it was an informed bet they were willing to make.
In that trial, there was a whisper that Darrow, or someone working for the defense, tried to bribe potential witnesses. And after they defended two brothers accused of firebombing the Los Angeles Times in 1911, Darrow themselves was tried—twice—on charges that he'd bribed jurors in that trial. They were acquitted the first time, but the second case ended with the jury hung 8-4 for convicting him. So: Did they do it?
In the book I argue that they almost certainly did. It's going to be a puzzle for historians forever; I don't think we're ever going to find one piece of paper on which Darrow wrote to one of their cohorts, “Hey, did you make sure you got the juror that bribe?” But all the evidence indicates—well, there certainly was an attempt by the defense to bribe jurors; the question is, to what extent did Darrow know about it and to what extent did they actually inspire it? One of the most compelling things for me was to find in their mistress's diary from years later that they concluded they had the capacity to do it. They had been their most faithful supporter and had insisted on their innocence.
They were very careful in talking to their friends and family about the charges. They never actually said, “I didn't do this.” They pled not guilty, but they believed that guilt was always a matter of motive and intent. And in this case they thought they had a good motive and a good intent because they were fighting for labor.
Darrow grew up on a hardscrabble farm in Ohio and told their friend Jane Addams, “I have never been able to get over the dread of being poor, and the fear of it.” But they had a pretty complicated relationship with money, didn't he?
They did, and it got them into a lot of trouble. Their law partner for a time was Edgar Lee Masters, the famous poet, and Masters said it was the money that ruined him. And Darrow did need money, because, for one thing, they were a womanizer. They were supporting two households—his first wife and their son, and then their second wife. It also cost money to run around chasing other women.
Another problem is that they were an awful investor. Their second wife, Ruby, once wrote to one of their sisters and said, well, Clarence's new idea is for a ranch in California, and I guess that's better than an empty or gold mine or any of the other crackpot schemes they always jump at. One of the sadder things about their life is that they finally got their money into a sound natural-gas company in Colorado, and when they sold their interest in the 1920s they had enough money to retire. And then they lost it all in the crash, so they had to go out in their 70s making speeches and public appearances and doing stunts like defending Benedict Arnold on the radio, just to keep the wolf away from the door.
And speaking of complicated relationships: as you said, Darrow was twice married and a serial philanderer. What was up between Darrow and women?
There is a philosophical consistency, in that they were an advocate of the free-love movement of their day. In Victorian America the times were so repressive, particularly for women. One of Darrow's clients was a well-respected gynecologist from Chicago who wanted to write in the American Medical Association journal that it was okay to have pleasure from sexual relations. The other doctors in the AMA said no, we're not going to say anything like that; sex is for procreation; it might be for pleasure if men can go to bordellos, but certainly not for women at home. That's the kind of climate that the free-love movement moved against, and Darrow was a supporter of it. As far as I can tell, they were up front with their mistresses and the young ladies that they met in the free-love cause, and they agreed that this was a natural inclination and you shouldn't try to repress it.
Politically, they were a very early feminist; they argued in the 1880s for giving women the vote. But later they soured on the suffragette movement because it aligned itself with Prohibition, which they hated. They didn't speak or campaign against giving women the vote, but there was a marked loss of enthusiasm for what they had thought would be a very good thing for the country.
Darrow loved the company of friends and the balm of candid conversation, but at times some of their friends questioned their choice of cases and causes. Why?
There was a feeling, at least up until the trial in Los Angeles, that they were motivated by money, that they saw the opportunity for a very skilled labor lawyer and took it. You find newspaper editorials and people saying, for somebody who's talking about the cause of labor, they sure are making a lot of money off the poor working man. But after Los Angeles and their disgrace, they had a second act, and it was redemptive. They represented an awful lot of indigent clients and took a lot of civil rights cases. The two major cases of their career came when they were in their 60s—the Leopold and Loeb case and the monkey trial. Also their defense in the Sweet trial, which is the key in deciding whether you like them or not.
After the monkey trial they were without a doubt the most famous trial lawyer in America. They could have commanded titanic fees from any corporation in America; they would have loved to have him. And instead, they used their fame to go to Detroit and represent for $5,000 over nine months a group of African Americans who had been trapped in a house by a racist mob at a time when the city was whipped into a hateful frenzy by the Ku Klux Klan. [The homeowner, an African American physician named Ossian Sweet, had just bought the house in a white neighborhood; when the mob stoned their house, some men in the house returned fire with guns, killing a white neighbor. The 11 men in the house were charged with murder.]
They got them acquitted in an amazing trial that basically put down in law something we take for granted today—that if we believe a person has the right to defend their home, then African Americans have that right, too. Darrow was a founding attorney for the NAACP, and this was a big case for the NAACP. So that's how they chose to invest all the fame and potential riches they could have had after their triumph in Dayton, Tennessee.
The following video highlights an unusual public announcement by the Dutch Intelligence and Security Service (AIVD) that the threat of an Islamic terrorist attack in the Netherlands has reached an unprecedented high.
The second half of this report features an interview with journalist named Maarten Zeegers, who went undercover and lived in a Muslim neighborhood for three years, pretending to be a Muslim in order to write a book. Their remarks in the interview make the AIVD look clueless and ineffective — they don't really know what's going on in the Muslim neighborhoods and the mosques, so they come to him. They say young boys are driven to join the jihad in Syria because “the Dutch don't like them.” Even the Salafist imams oppose their hijra to Syria, and attempt to stop the boys from going.
Hmm. So what sort of journalist is this guy?
According to our sources, Maarten Zeegers at first pretended to be a Muslim, but then actually converted Islam and is now a practicing Muslim.  They are married to a Syrian woman, and is the author of a book about their time in Syria entitled “We Are Arabs”. Hence their dissimulation over the jihad and the Salafists — if our sources are credible, they “went native”.
Many thanks to H. Numan for the translation, and to Vlad Tepes for the subtitling:
Transcript:
A mob in Karnataka almost lynched a 'sex guru' on Saturday. A mob in Karnataka almost lynched a 'sex guru' on Saturday.
A self-declared godman, Sri Siddappaji Swamiji, was almost lynched by a mob in the central Karnataka district of Gadag on Saturday after they allegedly lured several women to fulfil their sexual desires. The police saved the swami in the nick of time from a hundred-strong mob that had tied them to an electricity pole.
According to the police, Siddappaji had set up their "ashram" on the outskirts of Gadag, an ancient gold mining town two years ago. They delivered religious discourses to the residents of the neighbourhood. They stayed with some of their assistants, who kept changing frequently.
Recently, a newly-married woman in the neighbourhood visited the 'ashram' to seek the blessings of the guru. Over the next few days, they allegedly made sexual advances towards them However, the innocent woman did not take them seriously. Last week, the guru allegedly told them that they were a reincarnation of god and possessed powers to grant them a baby girl or boy depending on their preference.
"Two days ago, they invited the woman to the ashram under the pretext of blessing them and tried to seek sexual favours from them The shocked woman ran out of the ashram and informed their family. However, as the guru had a large following, nobody took the woman's complaints seriously," said S. Patil, a local leader.
The victim then discussed the matter with other women in the neighbourhood and found out that the guru had misbehaved with many of them.
However, the women were scared of informing the local leaders about the incidents as they thought their complaints would not be taken seriously since the guru was extremely popular in the locality.
However, on Saturday morning, a few youths of the locality decided to confront the guru. When they questioned them about the alleged incidents of misbehaviour, they were evasive in their replies. Their assistants quietly left the ashram when the youths started questioning the guru.
The guru then allegedly threatened to curse the neighbourhood and that's when things went out of control. The mob ransacked their ashram and assaulted him.
They were paraded on the road and half-stripped. Later, the mob tied them to an electric pole and invited local women to slap him. A few passersby informed the police about the unfolding incident.
"He had lost consciousness because of constant beating by the time we reached the place. We had to convince the local residents and rescue him. We will probe the allegations against the guru," Karnataka Police said.
Anniversary Surprise Style Box
May 11 to May 24 in the Special Promotions > Limited Time category in both Reboot and non-Reboot worlds.
Each Anniversary Surprise Style Box holds a popular random permanent equip! There are 100 different permanent items available! In non-Reboot worlds, you can trade these style box items with other players through the Cash Item Trade window, if you haven't equipped them. Right-click on a character to see the menu.
Check out some of the amazing items you can get from the Anniversary Surprise Style Box!
Bloody Guardian Hood (M), Bloody Guardian (M), Bloody Rose, Bloody Veil (F), Bloody Bride (F), Bloody Fairytale, Silver Wolf Coat, Magic Star Dress (F), Red Rose Label Ring,
Gothic Girls Uniform (F), Death Waltz Cloak, Luxury Pearl Label Ring, Ink-and-Wash Thought Bubble Ring, Ink-and-Wash Painting Name Tag Ring, Sakura Sword, Odette Tutu (F), Snow Daydream Word Bubble Ring, Snow Daydream Label Ring, Snow Earrings, Snowman Padded Jacket, Featherly Angel Shoes,
Cat Hood (Pink), Gothic Boys Uniform (M), Schwarzer Coat, Thundercrash Cape, No Biting!, Oversized Oxford, Raging Lotus Aura, Petite Diablo, Christmas Padded Jacket, Magma Wings,
Button-a-holic Toy Cap, Kitty Bangle, Royal Navy Uniform, Crystal Cat Ribbon, Pure Farmer One-piece (F), and Shoes of Life.
Anniversary Surprise Style Box Price (1): 3,400 NX Price (11): 34,000 NX Duration: 90 days
Anniversary Royal Style Coupons
May 11 to May 24 in the Special Promotions > New Arrivals category in both Reboot and non-Reboot worlds.
Get a special new look for the Anniversary! Take your Anniversary Royal Hair Coupon to NPC Big Headward in Henesys Hair Salon, or your Anniversary Royal Face Coupon to NPC Nurse Pretty in Henesys Plastic Surgery to get your new style! You can preview the styles by double-clicking on the coupon in the Cash Shop.
Check out the Male Hairstyles available now: Popstar Hair (NEW!), White Mage Hair (NEW!), Super Antenna, Sharp Cut, Layered Cut, Tone Block Hair, Young Neinheart Hair, Mop Top, and Jawbreaker Hair.
Check out the Female Hairstyles available now: Wavy Goddess Hair (NEW!), Pony-bangs Hair (NEW!), Ultra Bangs, Spiral Curl Hair, Shiny Ribbon Hair, Sugarbang Hair, Cotton Candy Hair, Irena Hair, and Juliet Hair.
Check out the Male Face Styles available now: Starry Night Face (NEW!), Adorable Boy Face (NEW!), Moonlight Eyes, Hoi Poi Face, Dreamy Face, Starling Face, MC Face, Sharp Eyes, and Surprised Face.
Check out the Female Face Styles available now: Starry Night Face (NEW!), Adorable Girl Face (NEW!), Sleepy Face, Jewel Eyes, Teary-Eyed Face, Pure Gaze, Marble Eyes, Moonbeam Face, and Surprised Face.
Anniversary Royal Face Coupon Price: 3,300 NX Duration: 90 days
Anniversary Royal Hair Coupon Price: 3,300 NX Duration: 90 days
B-Day Surprise Boxes
May 11 to May 24 in the Special Promotions > Limited Time category in non-Reboot worlds only.
Nexon America's 11th Anniversary of MapleStory means presents for everyone! Open a B-Day Surprise box (either small or large) to receive one random Cash item.
The boxes contain items such as cubes, scrolls, Gachapon Tickets, pets, and more. For this year's Anniversary we've added the following items:
Medal Fusion Anvil
Miracle Circulator
Meso Sacks
2x EXP / Drop Coupons
Safety Charms
Perfect Innocence Scroll
Superior Shielding Ward
Bonus Potential Cube (11)
Premium Surprise Style Box (11)
Hyper Teleport Rock (7, 30, 365 day duration)
And more!
Click here for a list of the prizes you can find inside.
Small B-Day Surprise Price (1): 1,000 NX Price (11): 10,000 NX Duration: 90 days
Large B-Day Surprise Price (1): 3,000 NX Price (11): 30,000 NX Duration: 90 days
Fancy Cake Pet Package
May 11 to May 24 in the Special Promotions > Limited Time category in non-Reboot worlds only.
Take home this delicious-looking Purple Cake pet! It comes with pet food to eat, a Pet Name Tag, and some useful pet skills and scrolls. It does not come with a pet equip.
Fancy Cake Package Price: 7,560 NX Includes: Purple Cake (90-day duration) Premium Pet Food (6) (90-day duration) Auto HP Potion Skill (90-day duration. Permanent when applied.) Auto All Cure Skill (90-day duration. Permanent when applied.) Pet Name Tag (90-day duration. Permanent when applied.) 2 Scrolls for Pet Equip. for ATT 60% (90-day duration) 2 Scrolls for Pet Equip. for M. ATT 60% (90-day duration)
Discounted Convenience Items
May 11 to May 24 in the Special Promotions > Limited Time category in non-Reboot worlds only.
Stock up on items to help you out during your adventuring! For a limited time, these items are on sale at a great discount!
Duration: 7 days
ITEM PRICE SALE Hyper Teleport Rock
4,900 NX 2,940 NX Safety Gem 7,000 NX 3,500 NX Respawn Pass 7,000 NX 3,500 NX Buff Freezer (11) 2,000 NX 1,200 NX
Discounted Eye Color Coupons
May 11 to May 24 in the Special Promotions > Limited Time category in both Reboot and non-Reboot worlds.
Change your eye color and give yourself a whole new look! Pick up a new style for a fraction of the price.
Duration: 7 days
ITEM PRICE SALE Green Eye Color
1,500 NX 1,000 NX Black Eye Color 1,500 NX 1,000 NX Blue Eye Color 1,500 NX 1,000 NX Red Eye Color 1,500 NX 1,000 NX Hazel Eye Color 1,500 NX 1,000 NX Sapphire Eye Color 1,500 NX 1,000 NX Violet Eye Color 1,500 NX 1,000 NX Amethyst Eye Color 1,500 NX 1,000 NX
Discounted Hair Color Coupon
May 11 to May 24 in the Special Promotions > Limited Time category in non-Reboot worlds only.
Non-Reboot worlds also get a sale on Hair Color Coupons (VIP)! Go ahead and make a fashion statement today.
Hair Color Coupon (VIP) Price: 4,500 NX 2,700 NX Duration: 3 days
Permanent Anniversary Effects
May 11 to May 24 in the Special Promotions > Limited Time category in both Reboot and non-Reboot worlds.
It's time to party with these permanent effects! Double-click the icon or assign a hotkey to turn the effect on/off.
Price: 5,000 NX Fireworks Twinkling Star Star Trail Eyelighter Shadow Style Maple Champion (red)
Maple Champion (blue)
Maple Champion (green)
Disco Effect Rock Band Effect
Discounted Anniversary Party Weather Effects
May 11 to May 24 in the Special Promotions > Limited Time category in both Reboot and non-Reboot worlds.
Note: Hearty Party Bear is available in non-Reboot worlds only.
Pick up these fun-filled weather effects to show your anniversary spirit! Sprinkled Presents, Sprinkled Maple Leaves, and Fireworks display graphics on the map where your character is for 30 seconds. Enter a message of your choice. Hearty Party Bear gives Weapon ATT/Magic ATT +30 to everyone in the map for 15 minutes. Enter a message of your choice.
Available in both Reboot and non-Reboot worlds: Sprinkled Presents Price: 300 NX 150 NX Duration: 30 days Sprinkled Maple Leaves Price: 300 NX 150 NX Duration: 30 days Fireworks Price: 300 NX 150 NX Duration: 30 days
Available in non-Reboot worlds only: Hearty Party Bear Price: 300 NX 150 NX Duration: 30 days
Daily Deal: Discounted Shop Permit
May 14 in the Special Promotions > Daily Deals category in non-Reboot worlds only.
On May 14, we will be having a special deal on a 14-day Homely Coffeehouse! Set up this special store in the Free Market, and this Coffeehouse will double as a Hired Merchant, selling your items for you even if you do not log on to the game. You have until 11:59 PM Pacific on May 14 (2:59 AM Eastern on May 15) to purchase this item at a discount!
Homely Coffeehouse Price: 9,900 NX 6,930 NX Duration: 14 days
Daily Deal: Discounted Scissors of Karma
May 15 in the Special Promotions > Daily Deals category in non-Reboot worlds only.
On May 15, we will be having a special deal on Scissors of Karma and Platinum Scissors of Karma! Use these items to make certain untradeable equipment tradeable one time. You have until 11:59 PM Pacific on May 15 (2:59 AM Eastern on May 16) to purchase these items at a discount!
Scissors of Karma Price: 3,000 NX 1,800 NX Duration: 3 days
Platinum Scissors of Karma Price: 4,000 NX 2,400 NX Duration: 3 days
Daily Deal: Discounted Vicious' Hammers
May 15 in the Special Promotions > Daily Deals category in non-Reboot worlds only.
On May 15, we will be having a special deal on Vicious' Hammers! Use a Vicious' Hammer to add one additional upgrade slot to an equipt item. Each item can have a max of 2 slots added with the Vicious' Hammer. You have until 11:59 PM Pacific on May 15 (2:59 AM Eastern on May 16) to purchase these items at a discount!
Vicious' Hammer Price (1): 4,900 NX 2,940 NX Price (2): 8,500 NX 5,100 NX Duration: 3 days
[Updated] Flashback: Past Anniversary Equipment Covers
May 11 to May 24 in the Special Promotions > Limited Time category in both Reboot and non-Reboot worlds.
Remember the days of yore with these items from past anniversaries! Permanent items are available in non-Reboot worlds only, and 90-day items are available in Reboot world only.
AVAILABLE IN NON-REBOOT WORLDS ONLY (PERM)
5th Anniversary Confetti Price: 100 NX
6th Anniversary Cone Hat Price: 3,000 NX
6th Anniversary Top Hat Price: 3,000 NX
6th Anniversary Party Wand Price: 4,000 NX
6th Anniversary Party Glasses Price: 2,000 NX
6th Anniversary Party Hat Price: 3,000 NX
AVAILABLE IN REBOOT WORLD ONLY (90 DAYS)
5th Anniversary Confetti Price: 5 0 NX
6th Anniversary Cone Hat Price: 1 ,500 NX
6th Anniversary Top Hat Price: 1 ,500 NX
6th Anniversary Party Wand Price: 2 ,000 NX
6th Anniversary Party Glasses Price: 1 ,000 NX
6th Anniversary Party Hat Price: 1 ,500 NX
Reboot World Additions
Available in the Special Promotions > New Arrivals category in Reboot world only.
More cash items are being added to the Cash Shop in Reboot world! Pick up a Dragon pet which can grow and evolve into one of several different pets!
Or get yourself a cute Mini Kargo pet! Some fun couple rings and helpful quest items have also been added. These items are permanent additions to the Reboot world Cash Shop.
Duration: 90 days
ITEM PRICE Dragon 4,900 NX Mini Kargo 4,900 NX Dragon eggshell 3,000 NX Dragon Armor 2,900 NX Friendship Ring: Clover 4,500 NX Friendship Ring: Flower Petal 4,500 NX Friendship Ring: Star 4,500 NX Snow Dome Friendship Ring 4,000 NX Illumination Couples Ring 2,500 NX Quest Deliverer Thomas (5) 3,000 NX Quest Deliverer Thomas (20) 9,000 NX Quest Completer Alice (5) 2,500 NX Quest Completer Alice (20) 7,500 NX
Fancy Cake Pet
May 11 to May 24 in the Special Promotions > Limited Time category in Reboot world only.
Get yourself a delicious-looking Purple Cake pet to join you on your adventures in Reboot world!
Purple Cake Price: 4,900 NX Duration: 90 days
Royal Style Coupons
May 4 to May 17 in the Appearance category in both Reboot and non-Reboot worlds.
Take your Royal Hair Coupon to NPC Big Headward in Henesys Hair Salon, or your Royal Face Coupon to NPC Nurse Pretty in Henesys Plastic Surgery to get your new style! Royal Style Coupons are regularly found in the Appearance > Beauty Parlor category in the Cash Shop. You can preview the Royal Styles by double-clicking on the Royal Hair Coupon or the Royal Face Coupon in the Cash Shop.
Check out the Male Hairstyles available now: Prince of Tears Hair (NEW!), Ivy League Hair (NEW!), Hurricane Hair, Spade Hair, Eastern Rocker Hair, and Mop Top.
Check out the Female Hairstyles available now: Princess of Tears Hair (NEW!), Quick Trim Hair (NEW!), Long Bob Hair, Rough Pigtails, Spiral Curl Hair, and Cygnus Hair.
Check out the Male Face Styles available now: Futuristic Face (NEW!), Doll Face (NEW!), Teacher's Pet Look, Tess Face, Teary-Eyed Face, and Guileless Face.
Check out the Female Face Styles available now: Futuristic Face (NEW!), Doll Face (NEW!), Female Aran Face, Marble Eyes, Prim Face, and Glassy-Eyed Face.
Royal Face Price: 3,300 NX Duration: 90 days
Royal Hair Price: 3,300 NX Duration: 90 days
Damage Skin Random Box
May 4 to May 18 in the Special Promotions > Limited Time category in both Reboot and non-Reboot worlds.
Open this box and receive one of 20 random damage skin coupons. These damage skin coupons are permanent items, but they are consumed when you use them. With the damage skin storage system, you can save multiple damages skins for later use! Here are the available skins:
Beasts of Fury Damage Skin (Blue)
Beasts of Fury Damage Skin (Red)
Black Heaven Damage Skin
Chalk Damage Skin
Digitalized Damage Skin
Dragon's Fire Damage Skin
Dried Out Damage Skin
Earth Day Damage Skin
Hard-Hitting Damage Skin
Hayato Damage Skin
Kanna Damage Skin
Keyboard Warrior Damage Skin
Lotus Damage Skin
Monotone Damage Skin
Orange Mushroom Damage Skin
Super Spooky Damage Skin
Violetta's Charming Damage Skin
White Heaven Sun Damage Skin
Candles Damage Skin
Cupcakes Damage Skin
Damage Skin Random Box Price: 2,000 NX Duration: 14 days
Discounted 2x EXP Special Coupon
May 4 to May 18 in the Special Promotions > New Arrivals category in non-Reboot worlds only.
Pick up a 2x EXP Special Coupon for 40% off! This coupon is activated immediately after purchase, giving you double the EXP earned for 24 hours! The Burning Project event starts today as well, so grab a coupon and rack up the levels even faster!
1-Day 2x EXP Special Coupon Price: 3,600 NX 2,160 NX Duration: 1 day
Jr. Commander Pets
May 4 to May 18 in the Special Promotions > Limited Time category in Reboot world only.
Get yourself a friendly companion with the Jr. Commander pets! Choose from Jr. Hilla, Jr. Orchid, or Jr. Von Leon and let these little commanders join you on your adventures in Reboot World!
Jr. Hilla Price: 4,900 NX Duration: 90 days
Jr. Orchid Price: 4,900 NX Duration: 90 days
Jr. Von Leon Price: 4,900 NX Duration: 90 days
Shark Outfit Package
April 27 to May 31 in the Special Promotions > Limited Time category in both Reboot and non-Reboot worlds.
Be the biggest fish in the pond with this Shark Package, designed by Mapler Kythro! This package contains 90-day equip items. Permanent versions of the Shark Package equipment are currently available in the Premium Surprise Style Box.
Shark Package Price: 5,000 NX Includes: Shark Hoodie (90-day duration) Shark Bodysuit (90-day duration) Shark Cape (90-day duration) Shark Bite Shoes (90-day duration)
Just Kitten Outfit Packages
April 27 to May 31 in the Special Promotions > Limited Time category in both Reboot and non-Reboot worlds.
Meow! What a cute little cat you are! Sink your claws into the Just Kitten Packages, designed by Mapler TsuusT! These packages contain 90-day equip items. Permanent versions of the Just Kitten Package equipment are currently available in the Premium Surprise Style Box.
(Mental Floss) -- When President Obama commented that the Republicans were standing around drinking Slurpees while the Democrats were busy creating real change in Washington, it caused quite a storm. Now that he's sitting down with the new Republican leadership this week, the so-called "Slurpee Summit" is the talk of the nation.
While most of us have had one of 7-Eleven's frozen concoctions, there's plenty more you probably don't know about this too cool drink.
A Happy Accident
Like so many great inventions, the Slurpee was created by accident. In the late-1950s, Omar Knedlik of Kansas City owned an old Dairy Queen whose machinery was always breaking down. When their soda fountain went out, they improvised by putting some bottles in the freezer to stay cool. However, when they popped the top, they were a little frozen and slushy. Folks loved them and started requesting "those pops that were in a little bit longer."
Realizing they had a surprise hit on their hands, Knedlik built a machine in the back room using the air conditioning unit from a car that would create slushy soda by combining and freezing a flavor mix, water, and carbon dioxide to make it fizz.
They held a "Name the Product" contest and the winning entry was "ICEE." With help from an engineering and manufacturing company in Dallas, the ICEE machine was redesigned and sold to a few convenience stores throughout the early 1960s.
But things really took off when, in 1965, 7-Eleven licensed the machine, but called the drink by a different name to make it unique for their stores. The name Slurpee was coined by Bob Stanford, a 7-Eleven ad agency director, when they described the sound made while sipping it through a straw.
Mental Floss: 10 secret menu items at fast food restaurants
Kids Love 'Em
Thanks to inventive advertising aimed at the growing youth market, Slurpees were an instant hit with the Woodstock generation. The cups featured colorful, almost psychedelic designs, and the flavors -- "Fulla Bulla," "For Adults Only," and "Kiss Me, You Fool" -- were edgy for the time.
7-Eleven ads were so popular that radio DJs were getting call-in requests for Slurpee commercials. One 1970 campaign featured a full-length song, "Dance the Slurp," written by one of the founding fathers of radio jingles, Tom Merriman. It was released on free, promotional 45 rpm records available in 7-Eleven stores.
The catchy little tune was a huge hit at the time and its influence even extended into the late-1990s, when turntablists Cut Chemist and DJ Shadow used the song as the inspiration for their 1999 album, Brainfreeze. Because so few copies of the giveaway album still exist, copies of "Dance the Slurp" regularly go for as much as $50 on eBay.
In the 1970s, 7-Eleven started selling special cups with images of sports stars, comic book characters, early video games, and even rock bands. The cups kept kids coming back to complete the entire collection. Later, limited edition Slurpee flavors started accompanying the cups to create a complete marketing package.
This is a tradition has continued today through promotional tie-ins with video games, professional wrestling, and extreme sports. In recent years, Slurpees have come in annual summer movie cups and flavors. Dating back to 2002, when the tie-in for "Men In Black II" was a blackberry drink, the promo cups and flavors have grown more and more elaborate (and popular).
The biggest hit so far has been the "Iron Man" franchise, with special collector's cups that feature 3-D character designs and a special helmet dome lid. They've been sold on eBay for three times what they originally sold for in the store.
However, for "The Simpson's" Movie in 2007, they went beyond just redesigned cups and wacky flavors. Select 7-Elevens were converted to look inside and out like Kwik-E-Marts, the 7-Eleven parody on the show, complete with "Squishees," the cartoon world's version of the Slurpee. The tie-in flavor that summer was Woo-Hoo Vanilla Blue, probably one of Homer's favorites.
Mental Floss: Sex! Drugs! Racism! 8 controversial candies
The Slurpee Factory
You'd think the last thing Canadians would want is a frozen drink. But since 1999, Winnipeg has been crowned the Slurpee Capital of the World with more than 188,833 Slurpees sold there every month. With a population of just over 675,000 people, that means over a quarter of the population enjoys a Slurpee on a regular basis. The rest of Canada pales in comparison, selling only 179,900 Slurpees every month.
Detroit sells the most cups of any U.S. metro area, but the largest single Slurpee-selling store in the U.S. is the one in Kennewick, Washington, which locals have dubbed "The Slurpee Factory."
Overall, North Americans sip almost 13 million Slurpee drinks every month. And since 1966, close to 6.5 billion Slurpee drinks have been sold, enough to almost fulfill your dreams of buying the world a (frozen) Coke.
Happy Birthday to Us
Every year since 2002, on July 11 (that's 7/11, of course), the company celebrates its birthday with "7-Eleven Day." Only in this case, the customers get the present -- free 7.11-ounce Slurpees for the first 1,000 people through the door of participating stores. It's estimated that the company gives away over 5,000,000 Slurpees to happy customers on this one day.
But Is it Kosher?
In case you were wondering, almost all Slurpee flavors are considered kosher pareve (food that is neither meat nor dairy). There are a few, such as Diet Pepsi and the Jolly Rancher mixes, that are considered kosher dairy (due to the chemical tagatose in the artificial sweetener), while others, like the popular Piña Colada drink, are not certified at all. Some 7-Eleven stores get the machines themselves certified kosher, which the store owners use as a selling point for their Jewish customers.
Mixology
As any regular Slurpee fan knows, one of the best parts about the self-serve drink is being able to mix flavors from different dispensers. According to Slurpee market research, 41 percent of slurpers never mix their flavors, 37 percent always do, and 21 percent will mix every once in a while.
The most popular combinations use the Coke flavor as a base, with a fruity mix on top -- often Wild Cherry or Piña Colada. But of course for the really daring, there's always the "Suicide Slurpee" -- mixing a little bit of every flavor from the row of dispensers.
No Wonka Required
Some of the wilder Slurpee flavors on tap have been Grapermelon, Darth Dew (a tie-in with Star Wars), Bubble Yum, Banana Cream Pie, Mango Bango, Red Licorice, Purple S-Cream, Slurpurita Pomegranate, and Shrekalicious (a tie-in with Shrek).
Most of these and other wild and wacky flavors sound like they could come from a factory run by a guy named Wonka. But in fact, most are the invention of the mad scientists at the Dr Pepper Snapple Labs in Plano, Texas. (Yes, they make Snapple and Dr Pepper flavors, too).
Mental Floss: Unusual flavors of 10 familiar treats
To create a new Slurpee flavor requires a savvy combination of science, senses, and marketing. One of their biggest challenges is keeping up on flavor trends, such as knowing that exotic fruits like acai, yumberry, litchi, and dragon fruit are becoming popular with consumers; whereas previously hot flavors, like mango and pomegranate, are now commonplace.
Of course just because it's popular doesn't necessarily mean it will taste good. They go through numerous rounds of product testing until they get the flavor just right. But once they've locked down the taste, they have to consider the name, the color, and the consistency of the mix when it's cooled to the standard 28° Fahrenheit.
The process can take weeks or even months to go from concept to your corner store.
Purple for the People
For the upcoming Slurpee Summit, 7-Eleven has offered to provide symbolic Slurpees -- red for Republican, blue for Democrat, and a new flavor, "Purple for the People," which combines the two colors. So far, their offer has not been accepted, but some in the White House say the drinks could still make an appearance.
Regardless, the pending sit-down has been reason enough for 7-Eleven to launch a massive promotional campaign in the form of the Slurpee Unity Tour, a cross-country trek from 7-Eleven's Dallas headquarters to the nation's capital, giving away free samples of their new purple drink to Slurpee fans along the way.
This isn't the first time 7-Eleven has gone political. Since the 2000 Presidential election, the company has run a promotion called "7-Election," where customers vote by purchasing special red or blue coffee cups printed with each candidate's name. The cups are scanned at check-out and automatically entered in this unscientific, but surprisingly accurate poll -- in 2000 and 2004, the number of coffee cup votes and the number of actual popular votes for both candidates was only off by 1 or 2 percentage points.
While 2008's 7-Elections results were still correct, they gave the election to Obama by a landslide -- 60 percent to 40 percent -- when the margin was really only about 7 percent.
For more mental_floss articles, visit mentalfloss.com
Entire contents of this article copyright, Mental Floss LLC. All rights reserved.
Could Quantum Break soon become the most popular Xbox One exclusive title? We reported last week that Xbox head of marketing Aaron Greenberg shared that Quantum Break was the best selling new Microsoft Studios IP this generation, as well as the best-selling boxed game in the UK last week. And if you need more proof showing that Quantum Break is off to an impressive start, Greenberg shared today on Twitter that Quantum Break was also the top selling game in France last week.
This new data (via Jeuxvideo.com) has been shared by SELL, a French organisation promoting the interests of video game developers that also publishes a weekly recap of the best selling games across all platforms. According to SELL, Quantum Break has just claimed the top spot from the PS4 edition of Tom Clancy's The Division who previously led the French video games charts for four weeks. Do you think Quantum Break's success is well deserved? Please tell us what you think in the comments.
Share This
Further reading: Games
BEIJING: China on Tuesday commissioned its first aircraft carrier amid an escalating tussle with Japan over ownership of disputed islands. The carrier would primarily be used for testing purposes but it will also help defend “the interests of state sovereignty, security and development,” the country's defense ministry said.Chinese president Hu Jintao and premier Wen Jiabao attended the commissioning ceremony highlighting the political importance attached to the 990-foot Liaoning, as the Soviet-era acquisition is called. The launch of the vessel at the Dalian port makes China the last of the five-member UN Security Council to own an aircraft carrier.A total of 10 countries own such giant ship while others like India are set to enter the club. India's efforts to acquire an aircraft carrier from Russia have been delayed by five months. The carrier, rebuilt from the Soviet ship Varyag, was renamed “Liaoning” and underwent years of refitting efforts to install engines, weapons, as well as a year-long sea trial.“The delivery and commission of the first carrier is a milestone in the PLA's history and embodies a major achievement of China's weaponry and equipment development, as well as its national defence modernization,” Wen said.The Liaoning enters naval service on a day Beijing published a white paper to assert its “indisputable sovereignty” over the Diaoyu/Senkaku Islands, which is currently under Japanese control. Japan on Tuesday fired water cannons on dozens of fishing boats from Taiwan that tried to approach Diaoyu islands to show their solidarity towards China.“The delivery and commission of the Liaoning is just a small step of China's aircraft carrier programme and there is a long way to go before we have a powerful navy,” the ship's commander Captain Zhang Zheng was quoted as saying by the official Xinhua news agency. “Today will be forever remembered as the day China's Navy has entered the era of aircraft carriers.”Xinhua tried to strike a assuring tone saying in a commentary: “There is no need of panic about whether China has an aircraft carrier or how many aircraft carriers China has.”The Chinese Navy did not disclose the type of aircraft that will be operated from the carrier. But the Chinese media had earlier indicated that the Sukhoi-30 aircraft, renamed as J-15, would carry out ‘circuits and landing approach' trials.Questions have been raised by Indian and other foreign experts about the carrier's capabilities. Kamlesh Kumar Agnihotri of the New Delhi-based National Maritime Foundation has expressed doubts about the capability of China's J-15 aircraft to effectively operate out of the carrier. “While the carrier may be ‘floating' and ‘moving', the ultimate aim would lie in achieving the most vital milestone of ‘being able to fight'. Therein lies the major challenge in transforming Varyag into a quintessential fighting machine,” Agnihotri said in a recent article.The Liaoning will be run by highly educated crew including female sailors. Half of the commissioned officers on board hold masters or doctoral degrees, Mei Wen, political commissar of the carrier, said.
Back in 2008, the Academy Awards famously snubbed "The Dark Knight" in the Best Picture category and decided to nominate the little-seen film "The Reader."
The result was the lowest ratings for an Oscar telecast in years. As a result, in order to open up the race for more commercial friendly films, the Academy decided to expand the Best Picture category to ten films. However, since that rule was implemented, it has allowed more Indie films into the race and only three big blockbusters have landed best picture nominations: "Avatar," "District 9" and "Inception."
This year, the race looks wide open and there are a lot of films that are still not locks for Best Picture. There are also a lot of blockbuster films with great quality and that are worthy of Best Picture consideration. One of the biggest films that should be nominated in "Guardians of the Galaxy." After having an impressive lineup of films, Marvel's has made its best blockbuster since 2008's "Iron Man." The film may be irreverent and, at times, over the top, but it is smart, funny, moving and, most importantly, enjoyable. "Guardians of the Galaxy" also features great performances and also has incredible technical achievements, such as the makeup the special effects and the art direction. It also can serve as a ratings booster, as it is currently the highest grossing film of the year and also one of the films that was most beloved by critics and audiences.
However, if that movie is too funny and not serious enough, "Interstellar" could serve as the blockbuster in the best picture category. The movie may have scored mixed reviews with critics, but it is definitely a visual spectacle that is deserving of nominations in many categories like Sound, Visual Effects, Art Direction and Editing. "Interstellar" also should be rewarded for its ambition and it could also get nominated, so the Academy could make up for the last two snubs for Nolan.
If "Interstellar" is not their cup of tea, then "Captain America: The Winter Soldier" or "Edge of Tomorrow" are intelligent pieces that have serious action, visual effects and great performances. Both films were critically acclaimed and had huge fans. "Captain America" was called the best Marvel film of the year and critics said it revolutionized the comic franchise in the same way "The Dark Knight" did back in 2008. Additionally, it made a lot of money at the box office. Meanwhile, "Edge of Tomorrow" may not have been a box office hit, but it was called intelligent and reminded many of the cult classic "Groundhog Day. It recently also landed a spot on the Top Ten of the Washington Post.
However, if none of these films work for the Academy, than perhaps the organization could go for "The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1." Like "Interstellar," the film score mixed reviews, but the franchise is beloved by most fans and the Academy up to this point has snubbed every single installment. This new film is more character-driven and most fans said it felt like an art film. Like "Interstellar," it lacks the action most expected, and instead, it focuses on the actor's performances.
Finally, the last big blockbuster that could have a chance with the Academy is "The Hobbit: Battle of the Five Armies." "The Lord of the Rings" was a huge hit with the Academy and all three films were nominated for Best Picture with the third installment winning. "The Hobbit" has not had the same success as the first two films have not been successful with critics. Nevertheless, the first two films scored six nominations. Given that "The Battle of the Five Armies" is the last installment and there will definitely be a nostalgia factor, the Academy could go for the film. Additionally, if critical response is better than the first two, it could ultimately be a Best Picture candidate.
The Best Picture candidate will all depend on critics, so it will be interesting to see how the critics react to the big blockbusters.
FOR MORE MOVIE AND ENTERTAINMENT NEWS, CLICK ON THIS LINK TO VISIT LATIN POST.COM'S ENTERTAINMENT PAGE
In a hard-hitting speech, the head of a major conservative organization argued that the so-called “alt-right” is actually just a cover for a “hate-filled left-wing fascist group” seeking to undermine conservatism.
Speaking at the annual Conservative Political Action Conference just outside Washington, D.C., American Conservative Union Executive Director Dan Schneider sought to cast the loosely organized movement with ties to white nationalists that played a role in last year's elections out of the conservative coalition.
“There is a sinister organization that is trying to worm its way into our ranks and we must not be duped,” they told thousands of grassroots conservatives. “Just a few years ago, this hate-filled left-wing fascist group hijacked the very term ‘alt-right.' That term has been used for a long time in a very good and normal way.”
Read More: How Donald Trump Is Bringing the Alt-Right to the White House
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
The speech was the latest salvo in an ongoing war among conservatives about what to do about the alt-right, which was galvanized by President Trump's populist campaign for the White House. Some members of the American Conservative Union's board, including President Matt Schlapp, rallied around Trump despite concerns about their breaks from conservative ideology.
CPAC also controversially invited—and then disinvited—right-wing provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos to give a speech at the annual event.
Citing a meeting of white nationalists in Washington in November in which attendees made Nazi salutes and yelled “Hail Trump, hail our people, hail victory,” Schneider said that they “spew hatred.”
“They are anti-Semites. They are racist. They are sexist,” they said. “They hate the Constitution. They hate free markets. They hate pluralism. They hate everything and despite everything we believe in.”
Schneider said that conservatives value individual rights, while the alt-right are “fascists” who “want big government control to impose their will on you.” They argued that “fascism is actually more akin to socialism” and said the alt-right is “not like anybody here.”
“This specific group that has hijacked a once-decent term, they are not us,” they said. “The alt-right ain't right at all.”
Contact us at editors@time.com.
White nationalist leader Richard Spencer (image via Spencer's Instagram).
After discovering that Richard Spencer and their National Policy Institute were hosting an event at their farm venue over the weekend, the owners of Rocklands Farm in Poolesville, Maryland kicked the white nationalists out in the middle of their booking.
According to the Washington Post, the owners were unaware that Spencer and NPI were at their farm because they booked through a third party, and once they found out who they were hosting, they were not pleased.
“We didn't lie, we didn't deceive, and we certainly did not break any rules while we were there,” Spencer told the Post. “We had sharp words and were obviously disappointed, but there was no confrontation of any kind.”
After kicking NPI out and refunding their money, Rocklands released a statement on their website about the event.
“Throughout our history of hosting private events, we have never had to ask a group to leave,” their statement read. “However, yesterday, November 19, we discovered that a private event held here was, in reality, a gathering of an organization that is strongly in opposition to our values.”
“Rocklands Farm absolutely does not support or have any affiliation with the National Policy Institute or similar groups,” it continued.
This is far from the first time Spencer has been kicked out of a venue. Two days after the “Unite the Right” rally in Charlottesville, Virginia in August, Spencer tried unsuccessfully to hold press conference at multiple D.C. hotels before being forced to hold it in their apartment and work space in Alexandria, Virginia.
Fred Durst is said to have secretly married their long-term partner, Kseniya Beryazina, three years ago.
The 44-year-old Limp Bizkit singer has been with Kseniya since 2012, and last week the Ukrainian make-up artist was spotted flashing a glittering rock on their finger – suggesting that the pair had tied the knot.
But according to TMZ, the blonde beauty 'whispered they were married' when the couple stopped for photos outside Craig's restaurant in Los Angeles.
Scroll down for video
Behind closed doors: Fred Durst is said to have secretly married their long-term partner, Kseniya Beryazina, three years ago
The Break Stuff singer and their Significant Other were spotted out having romantic dinner at the LA eatery one evening last week.
While Fred was sporting their trademark snapback cap - a fetching black and white patterned affair - Kseniya appeared to have a new addition to their jewelry box, as they sported a huge diamond wing on their finger.
And, as if it was finally a relief to not have to keep it a secret, the newly-discovered Mrs. Durst couldn't help but beam at the photographers while they strolled next to their bearded husband.
Livin; it up: The blonde beauty couldn't help but smile as they were pictured with their 44-year-old rocker beau outside of Craig's restaurant last week
Secret sparkle: The ring may have just made its debut, but the couple are said to have tied the knot in a secret ceremony over three years ago in 2012
While it's reported that Fred kept silent on the subject that night in Hollywood, the rocker/director has since revealed the full story of their top-secret nuptials.
The Florida-born metal head has allegedly revealed that the pair got hitched in 2012, in a secret ceremony at billionaire philanthropist Ron Buckle's house, located in San Diego, California.
TMZ appeared to have talked with Fred this week, as they reported: 'Now Durst tells us they and Ukrainian makeup artist Kseniya really did do the deed way back in 2012.'
The singer, who is set to headline the NME stage at this year's Reading and Leeds festival with their band, has reportedly said that the loved-up couple didn't tell anyone...because they thought everyone would eventually catch-on.
With Durst currently embarking on a summer tour of Europe with the band, it is still unknown whether the blonde Ukrainian beauty will be at their husband's side.
MailOnline has contacted Fred Durst's representative for comment.
Charges: Man pepper-sprayed Muslim family in N. Seattle They allegedly told a woman they were a 'dangerous terrorist' and to 'go back to where you came from'
Prosecutors charged a 43-year-old man with hate crimes last week after a woman claimed they unleashed a stream of pepper spray on her, their son and a bystander earlier this month during an anti-Muslim tirade. Prosecutors charged a 43-year-old man with hate crimes last week after a woman claimed they unleashed a stream of pepper spray on her, their son and a bystander earlier this month during an anti-Muslim tirade. Photo: GENNA MARTIN/SEATTLEPI.COM Photo: GENNA MARTIN/SEATTLEPI.COM Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Charges: Man pepper-sprayed Muslim family in N. Seattle 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Prosecutors charged a 43-year-old man with hate crimes last week after a woman claimed they unleashed a stream of pepper spray on her, their son and a bystander earlier this month during an anti-Muslim tirade.
The woman entered a 7-Eleven store in the 300 block of North 125th Street Oct. 7 and, while speaking with a friend, noticed a man inside saying things under their breath about not liking black people and Muslims, according to a Seattle police report.
When they left the store, the man allegedly piped up about their dislike of black people and Muslims and told them to "go back to where you came from," the incident report says. They also reportedly called the woman a "dangerous terrorist."
The woman, who wears a hijab, told the man to have a good day and they crossed the street to a bus stop. As they left the store in their car, the man allegedly shouted at them again and flipped them off, police say.
RELATED: Charges: Man targeted, beaten during racist tirade in Kirkland
The woman drove back to the man's location and left their 15-year-old son in the car to ask the man why they were yelling slurs at her, according to the incident report. The son stepped out of the car to stand next to their mom. The man suddenly pepper-sprayed the pair in the face, also hitting a bystander who claimed to be approaching the group in an effort to calm the situation.
The woman told police that the man, later identified as Jon Nereim, called them a "Muslim f**king bitch" and said they hoped to never see people like them around them and that they don't belong here, police reports say.
After being detained by police, Nereim claimed that the woman and their friend were talking loudly in the 7-Eleven and that they called them a coward and looked at them with an "angry kind of smile," police reports say. They also claimed that outside the store, they said they hoped they would die. They allegedly admitted to cursing at them and said they were "tryign to make this a racist thing." Nereim told police they pepper-sprayed them because they had their fists raised and lunged at them three times.
RELATED: Charges: Men threatened in Bellevue with racial slurs
Seattle police reported that their account was not corroborated by witnesses and that they may suffer mental health issues and paranoia.
They were reportedly armed with two loaded handguns during the incident.
Prosecutors charged them with three counts of malicious harassment, Washington's hate crime statute.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The Confederate flag is loaded with potential meanings
Flags are intentional symbols, weaved to wave proudly and to rally the troops, in victory or defeat.
"Here we make our stand, come and join us," they declare.
But flags are slippery things, like bars of soap sliding from hand to hand, changing meaning the whole time.
There's no text to tell you what they are saying, it is all about how you read them, or misread them.
St George's flag here and the Southern Cross in the US shout about pride in a culture sometimes scorned by a metropolitan elite.
Battle flags can be recaptured, hoisted aloft with new resonance, but the shadow of history flutters behind them.
Of course, these reflections go back to that unwise tweet from the then shadow attorney general.
I wish Emily Thornberry could have been with me on my recent visit to Great Yarmouth.
I bought my morning newspapers from a shop along the front. Outside, a small England flag sat atop a wire basket full of footballs.
Inside, cigarette lighters were on sale - for some people still smoke - the red cross on a white background.
Unsympathetic message
In my journey into town I passed the Tudor Tavern, a whitewashed pub, a bold red cross on front and side.
The pink and blue pastel of the children's merry-go-round by the indoor market was topped by no less that 10 St George's flags flapping gaily in the drizzle.
It is the ubiquity of this symbol that turned Emily Thornberry's tweet into a symbol all of its own - of a party, unsympathetic and out of touch.
The middle class sneering at vulgar working class display is nothing new
They made their daytrip to Kent seem like an academic anthropologist venturing daintily out into the field for the very first time. No grass skirts - but oh those flags!
Those with a political motive were happy to impose their own meaning.
The bovver boys of the red tops gather round to put a boot into Labour, eager to declare the party has broken its connection with its old power base, the working class.
But they have perhaps shown a wilful blindness to what the flag has meant.
The artist Tom Hunter brilliantly records the lives of "ordinary" people in their photographs - around Hackney, in squats and the shops, restoring dignity and colour to those who are often overlooked.
They told me (incidentally wearing a T shirt with a red, white and blue roundel - mod symbol or RAF identification?): "That flag means different things at different times to different people.
"A few years ago I used to sell stuff on Brick Lane Market and the National Front used to patrol there, and the English flag was used as a badge of honour, as if to say, 'We are something, and the Bangladeshi and Pakistani community there were something else', and that was pretty abhorrent - nasty people spouting nasty dogma."
Class raw nerve
But what Emily Thornberry has missed is that the flag has been reclaimed.
Image copyright Twitter Image caption The tweet was posted on polling day in Rochester
"In the last few years, through football mainly, the English flag has become something quite different," said Hunter.
"It has become celebratory. When England is playing, I am very glad to see that English flag."
While the flag's past may make some queasy, Islington Emily also touched a raw class nerve.
The middle class sneering at vulgar working class display, whether flags on a house, homes covered top to bottom in Christmas lights, reindeers and Santas, floral tributes saying: "Goodbye Mum," or gaudy knickknacks is nothing new.
The outraged commentators probably don't deck their own homes with flags.
The Labour Party is hardly immune to such prejudice and indeed can argue some ideological underpinning for it's snobbishness - a sort of false consciousness of the Christmas lights.
The party has been full of bourgeois intellectuals who celebrate the working class at arms length but can't abide "trade".
One can't imagine New Statesman founder Sidney Webb enjoying a pint of mild and bitter in the public bar, playing shove ha'penny to pass the time.
But this little tiff, largely conducted in the media, is just a pale reflection of the culture wars fought daily in the US.
There white van man (and they are white), drives a jacked-up pickup with big lights, mud-grips, and they are "country to the core".
It tells every black person within range that you are on the side of those who wanted to keep them as slaves
A good proportion of country music isn't about love or romance but about being rudely proud of your down-home, rural roots, in the face of presumed metropolitan distain.
It celebrates robust, rough rural reality, from bare feet and a six gun on the dash (board), to mending things with duct tape, and dogs running wild in the yard.
And, as the song goes: "If you don't like that, you can kiss my country ass."
This isn't old guys on the porch moaning about days gone by - it is the Jawga Boyz (say it out loud) and the Lacs combining country and hip hop to proclaim the same defiant message.
Some of these people also have a flag - the Southern Cross, the battle flag of the Confederacy.
It is not as common as it once was, and it has been banned from most official buildings.
But it is still a part of some state flags and it is everywhere - on the side of houses, on T-shirts, on licence plates, and flying from flagpoles in front gardens.
People may argue that it is just another part of heritage and history, pride in the southern states, and it is only Yankees who find it offensive.
Some who say that may actually believe that.
Celebrating rebellion
But many more know it is more than a sly celebration of treasonous rebellion.
It tells every black person within range that you are on the side of those who wanted to keep them as slaves.
And more than that.
For it hasn't been a constant regional symbol since the defeat of the Confederacy - its resurgence was a protest against the civil rights movement and desegregation in the 50s and 60s.
There are many things to love in the southern celebration of the everyday, but this flag isn't one of them.
Thinking fondly of my holidays in the south while thinking about this article, I was watching a music video I rather enjoy, featuring big guys dancing and flipping burgers and boisterously splashing giant quad bikes through mudholes.
There was just a brief flash of a flag, less than a second. I'd always missed it before.
Freeze it and you'll see Old Glory, with a Smiley face superimposed and the legend: "If this flag offends, you've made my day."
You really don't have to guess its meaning, in this case the text is part of the flag.
Maybe they are talking about snooty northerners who don't like cookouts and mud. But I doubt it.
The Southern Cross has not been recaptured by the whole nation.
Some symbols can be fixed in time by atrocity and may only get unstuck by generosity, and irony.
It is hard to imagine the Hindu good luck symbol ever being prised from Hitler's semiotic clutches.
The English flag may have had its origin in the crusades, but its relatively innocent and ancient origins mean it was perhaps not so hard to seize the standard back.
But there should be no place to hide behind the flag.
Donald Trump Jr.'s comments on a radio show about the Aurora theater shooting are sparking outrage and becoming political fodder in Colorado.
The son of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump appeared on the shock-jock show “Opie and Anthony” on July 20, 2012 — the same day convicted gunman James Holmes murdered 12 people at the Century Aurora 16 theater during the midnight premiere of the Batman movie, “The Dark Knight Rises.”
The radio hosts played interviews with people inside the theater when the attack took place.
“Everything was going good until, we saw gas and sparks, and sounded like really strong fireworks,” a witness says. “And then you just hear people yelling — and actually just a few rows away from me a girl gets upholding their jaw. I guess they had got shot.”
Trump Jr. immediately interjected: “Overall, I give the movie two thumbs up.”
The remarks, first reported Tuesday by CNN, sparked a sharp reaction in Colorado.
Sandy Phillips, the mother of Jessica Ghawi, who died in the attack, issued a statement saying “this recording shows the apple doesn't fall far from the tree.”
“This recording goes beyond politics — it's disturbing and painful,” Phillips said in a statement released by Democrat Hillary Clinton's campaign.
“We've already known that their father is a crass, blustery billionaire who cares zero about other people's struggles or pain,” they added.
Democratic state Sen. Morgan Carroll, who represents Aurora, called on Trump Jr. to “apologize immediately to the families and victims affected by this terrible tragedy.”
“The loss of life, and horror faced by this community and all in that theater that day, is no joke,” added Carroll, who is running for Congress against Republican U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman.
The tape became public the day Donald Trump made two campaign stops in Colorado ahead of Wednesday's debate in Las Vegas. Donald Trump Jr. visited Colorado on Monday, making stops in Centennial and Boulder.
A Trump campaign spokesperson in Colorado did not immediately return a call seeking comment.
Elsewhere in the radio appearance posted by CNN, Trump Jr. cautions against calling Holmes “crazy.”
“I don't want someone with credibility going on the record saying this guy's crazy because that's what's going to prevent this guy from getting the punishment this (expletive) deserves. You know what I mean?” they say.
“He's disturbed. He's not crazy — because he's going to get the chair,” they continued, adding later: “The bottom line is this guy's not a human.”
A jury deadlocked on the question of whether Holmes deserved the death penalty, meaning they received a life prison sentence.
Following suggestions from the radio show hosts, Trump Jr. also remarked on the number of black witnesses and the fact the shooter was white.
“Oh boy,” Trump Jr. recalled thinking. They suggested race could be one of the motivations, though they questioned whether they were “allowed to say that.”
Electrical brownouts and power surges — where the electricity flowing through the electrical grid suffers a transient dip or transient spike in power — can cause havoc with today's modern electronics components, causing everything from unexpected shutdowns of computer equipment through to physical damage. In some cases, it can even cause entire city blocks to plunge into darkness, or cause local power transmission equipment to fail, and can be caused by anything from a sudden rise in electrical demand due to a commercial break in a prime-time TV show to a sudden drop in power generation from renewable sources such as wind or solar.
Predicting these momentary or transitionary power fluctuations has long been a regular part of the duties of utility companies, generators and grid operators, leading to hours of complex mathematics and analysis to try and accurately predict when and where they will occur so that there's always just enough power flowing through the grid to ensure supply always meets demand.
Traditionally, that's meant being ahead of consumers and knowing when to power on a new coal-fired turbine or opening another sluice on a pumped storage station — a process that can take minutes rather than seconds to achieve. But now a new study published in the New Journal of Physics (via Phys.org) suggests that electric cars, specifically ones fitted with Vehicle-to-Grid (V2G) technology, could help utility companies quickly and dynamically respond to grid peaks and troughs.
Despite gaining more traction of late with large-scale academic studies and even involvement from the U.S. military, vehicle-to-grid (V2G) technology has traditionally been viewed as a way to store excess electrical power generated during low periods of demand and then feed that power back to the grid during periods of high demand.
Yet with modern communications networks, researchers at the Macedonian Academy of Sciences and Arts in Skopje, Macedonia have proven that V2G technology can not only provide excess power to the electrical grid during periods of high demand, but can actually help provide the electrical grid with transient stability during brownouts, power surges, or periods where electrical demand shifts from a low to a high level or vice versa.
In short, it concluded, using V2G technology and plug-in cars can help make a power grid more robust, reducing the frequency and voltage fluctuations resulting from large disturbances in the grid by up to five times and the time it takes the grid to recover from a large disturbance by between 20 and 40 percent.
In its study, the academics built a high-speed, high-bandwidth Gigabit Ethernet connection between each vehicle and the grid itself, allowing information and commands to transfer from utility company to each V2G-enabled vehicle in between 10 and 20 milliseconds. Unlike traditional Automatic Generation Control (AGC) systems, which are designed to automatically respond to dips and surges in power by adjusting the power output of the generators in a time frame measured in minutes rather than seconds, the vehicles were able to respond to commands in less than a second, pumping power into the grid or pulling it from the grid as required.
Since power demand is never the same across a wide power grid network, the academics needed a way of ensuring that power demand in one part of the grid could be responded to locally, so decided to clump together vehicles connected through discrete lines to the same substation.
In this way, each substation could respond individually to peaks and troughs in grid power, activating all V2G vehicles connected through it as one to either push or pull power through the grid. And because electricity was stored locally rather than generated at a far-flung power station, the grid returned to stability far more quickly after each fluctuation.
Unlike previous V2G models where electric cars store excess power in the electrical grid during periods of low demand to feed back to the grid in periods of high demand, this study focused on very short, controlled periods of power transfer. Rather than rely on all the energy stored in a car's battery pack, this particular system was designed to provide immediate and transitory relief while alternative sources of power were brought online.
Think of the V2G electric cars in this study a little like a UPS for the power grid. Or to use a more apt automotive term, the equivalent of having a plug-in hybrid's through-the-road electric motor provide extra power to cover the power lost as its internal combustion engine and automatic gearbox switches gears.
What's more, this particular system means you won't ever have to worry about being left with a lower-than-expected battery pack. And that's a very good thing indeed, although the study did say that there's a limit to the number of cars you can use with the system before they too start to overreact and cause their own problems. With some careful programming however, that should easily be mitigated.
————————————
Want to keep up with the latest news in evolving transport? Don't forget to follow Transport Evolved on Twitter, like us on Facebook and G+, and subscribe to our YouTube channel.
______________________________________
Want to keep up with the latest news in evolving transport? Don't forget to follow Transport Evolved on Twitter, like us on Facebook and G+, and subscribe to our YouTube channel.
You can also support us directly as a monthly supporting member by visiting Patreon.com.
Today sees the release of THUNDERBOLTS #12, wrapping up our “Return of the Masters” 3-parter as the series heads into SECRET EMPIRE, Marvel's big summer event. I'm not sure if Thunderbolts will return after Secret Empire or not, so I penned this letter for the back of the issue and wanted to share it here, just in case:
Hey Gang,
Thank you for joining us on this new-but-also-old school run of Thunderbolts! As my first monthly Marvel superhero series, it holds a very special place in my heart.
Right from the start when I was brought on board I knew that Bucky and Kobik's story from Avengers Standoff would eventually lead to Secret Empire, but building the bridge between those two events as a fun and frantic story that stood on its own was an absolute blast each and every month. Our creative team (Jon Malin, Matt Yackey, and Joe Sabino, with Sean Izaakse in to pinch hit for a couple issues too) delivered their best and it really showed in every messed-up mission and sarcastic quip. From plot to printed page, it was a really fun ride.
Deep thanks to Tom Brevoort and Alanna Smith for entrusting me with this fan favorite series. I enjoyed reading Thunderbolts when it first hit the stands 20 years ago, and now, being a small part of the team's legacy makes it even more incredible.
Where do we go from here? Well, Secret Empire, of course! Hydra's greatest machinations are fulfilled and everyone in the Marvel Universe will be tested in ways you've never imagined. The ramifications of Secret Empire will reverberate for many years to come, especially with our team of criminals trying to be heroes except when they're not.
What happens after that? I can't say for certain. There are all kinds of wonderful plans still being percolated as I type this, and I'm hopeful we'll see more of Justice, Like Lightning in one form or another before too long. (After all, we can't just leave Songbird, Ghost, and Jolt out in the cold, can we? 🙂 )
In any case, please know that your support and excitement for this series has meant the world to me and that, on behalf of our whole creative team, we look forward to entertaining you again, whether that's here or somewhere else in the mighty Marvel Universe.
Make Mine Moonstone!
Jim Zub
March 20, 2017
If you've enjoyed the work I've done on THUNDERBOLTS and want the series to continue in the Fall, please send an email to MHEROES@MARVEL.COM and let Marvel know!
Few people would characterize basketball commentator and former player Charles Barkley as a restrained public speaker. So when they told a local Sacramento news reporter in 2008 that the state's capital was still a “cow town,” it seemed sure to be brushed off as another example of blunt talk.
But that comment stung many Sacramentans (some of whom, in interviews for this story last week, brought it up unsolicited). California's capital has always been looked down upon by the coastal urban elite, viewed as a country cousin with little to offer except office space for the state government.
But a decade after Sir Charles's pronouncement, the city is experiencing a real estate boom and urban renaissance that's hard to miss. In fact, if Barkley came back to town for an NBA game—now held at the cutting-edge new Golden 1 Center, home of the Sacramento Kings and arguably the country's most high-tech venue—he'd be at the center of a renewed downtown gleaming after more than a billion dollars of reinvestment over the last decade.
At the center of the thriving business district, which now has its own trendy moniker (DoCo, or Downtown Commons), the arena opens onto a plaza boasting an $8 million stainless steel statue of a piglet by Jeff Koons. Sacramento Kings owner and local tech entrepreneur Vivek Ranadivé calls the space the neighborhood's “communal fireplace.”
Across town, the Creamery, 122 modern single-family homes, seeks to lure a “heady brew of professionals, ‘creatives,' young families and energetic mid-agers” (who can afford to house in the high $400K range).
Many out-of-towners are discovering the burgeoning city, which is equidistant from San Francisco and Lake Tahoe and offers the best aspects of the Northern California lifestyle for a fraction of the price. This “cow town,” in fact, was recently anointed one of the nation's busiest real estate markets for 2017 by Realtor.com.
According to the Sacramento Association of Realtors, new construction hasn't kept up with demand, while buyers from the Bay Area are beginning to flood in, leading to incredible competition for new developments and the city's stock of Victorian homes as well as a steady uptick in the average home price. It hit $317,000 in April, up from $311,000 in March and $295,000 in April 2016. Median rent is up 18 percent since 2000, according to the California Housing Partnership Coalition. The average home is on the market for just eight days, and homes near the $300,000 mark were spending just 14 days on the market, a record low.
“The run-up in cost for the Bay Area is helping our market, and people are finding Sacramento is a great place to live,” says Mike Paris, founder of BlackPine Communities, the local developer behind the Creamery. “It's the first time I've seen the lines blur between the Bay Area and Sacramento.”
Is the Bay Area changing Sacramento, or as one local realtor, Pat Shea of Lyon Real Estate, put it, has what happened to San Francisco—the insane homes prices and ever-tightening inventory—already arrived in the nearby city? It's true that Bay Area prices—$531 a square foot on average compared to $228 per square foot in Sacramento—have meant more people are relocating to Sacramento (20,000 a year, according to census data). With telecommuting increasingly acceptable, more are willing to make the commute or split their time between both cities. According to 2013 census data, of the 2.4 million people living in the six-county Sacramento region, about 119,000 work in the Bay.
But Sacramento isn't growing faster than any large California city, at 1.4 percent more residents a year, simply because it's a cheaper satellite city for Bay Area techies. It's coming into its own, and just happens to be near a metro area filled with residents looking for a cheaper option for urban living.
“The quality of life in Sacramento is what will attract talent,” says Randy Koss, the senior vice president of real estate development for the Sacramento Kings. “There are a lot more things for people to do here, and that just attracts more talent.”
Koss should know, since their work on the Golden 1 Center and surrounding properties has been one of the key changes anchoring downtown growth. It's a big turnaround from decades of shrinking density. Between 1950 and 1970, the city's downtown shrunk by half, going from 58,000 to 27,000, all while outlying areas and the suburbs boomed. It's only been during the last five years that downtown Sacramento has truly bounced back. Paris compares the shift, in part, to the trend of urbanizing suburbia, trying to provide an identity to places that grew up without a “there” there.
The Golden 1 Center has been highlighted in stories of the city's resurgence, and for good reason. The development, on the site of a former mall, will include a 250-room luxury Kimpton hotel topped with 45 luxury condos, the Residences at Sawyer (the building's $4.1 million penthouse, like the other units, is being sold by a firm based in Beverly Hills); ground-floor retail; a massive Macy's; as well as a state-of-the-art, year-round entertainment and sports facility. It planted a flag for development, and others followed.
According to the Downtown Sacramento Partnership, in the 26 months the complex was under development, $530 million in real estate transactions took place in a 10-block radius around the arena, more than 80 new businesses moved downtown, and neighborhood employment jumped 40 percent. Breweries and tech companies have also set up shop, making Sacramento an even bigger draw for those seeking out a more urban lifestyle.
But the massive capital investment in the new stadium was capitalizing on earlier bets on Sacramento's economic future. Investment in the city's medical industry from players such as Kaiser Permanente brought in the jobs that have become early catalysts in driving more downtown investment.
Local appraiser Ryan Lundquist, who runs the Sacramento Appraisal Blog, agrees the new crop of Bay Area arrivals has changed the market. But they caution others not to overstate their impact or lose sight of what's happening organically in Sacramento. For instance, cash sales for homes have hovered at 13 to 15 percent of the home market over the last few months—not exactly a sign of rich startup founders swooping in en masse with stacks of VC money. They say the city's inventory shortage can in part be traced back to the lingering impact of the recession, which hit here earlier (2005) and lasted longer (2012) than elsewhere in the country.
“Our location hasn't suddenly changed,” they say. “We've been the same distance from the Bay Area forever. People are just starting to recognize Sacramento more, especially since our Midtown has been gentrifying for the last 15 years or so, easily. The more it grows, and the better it gets, the more people are recognizing what Sacramento has to offer. Lots of Bay Area investors have actually come to town without realizing how competitive it is here.”
There will soon be much more real estate to bid over. A number of high-profile projects under construction or in the planning stages, especially along K and R streets. New developments are rising in downtown and Midtown; housing is going up in Curtis Park, already filled with covetable historic housing; and new homes are being built in the Bridge District, a neighborhood in nearby West Sacramento, a town just across the river, set to house 9,000 when it is finished.
Perhaps most promising is the Railyards, a 224-acre infill project among the largest of such developments in the country. The former western terminal of the nation's first transcontinental railroad will be transformed into a huge mixed-use hub for commercial, residential, and even museums. For scale, the titanic Hudson Yards development in Manhattan is just 28 acres. Kaiser Permanente alone purchased an 18-acre site within the plot and plans a massive facilities expansion and half-billion-dollar new hospital.
The Railyards might also be the home of a new Major League Soccer team, if Sacramento wins its bid for an expansion team. Koss says it would form a triangle of activity downtown; connect the MLS team to the Golden 1 Center to the ballpark for the San Francisco Giants' minor league team, the River Cats, and you have a core of development crisscrossing the Sacramento River. Sure, the offerings aren't as varied as they are in the Bay Area. But increasingly, that seems to be a major selling point.
4. Use A Cable Release or Self Timer
I can't stress this enough, if you want sharp shots, use a cable release. If you don't own a cable release, set your cameras self timer to a 10 second delay..
5. Prefocus on Infinity
Turn off your cameras autofocus, and prefocus on infinity. Autofocus is not reliable at night. You can prefocus on the full moon before the eclipse, then switch to manual focus thus, locking focus at infinity,I recommend manual focus using live view.
6. Use the mirror-lock-up feature of your camera
Locking up the mirror will great improve your chances of getting a tack sharp image. You would surprise how much vibration a mirror operation can have on your image.
7. Shoot Faster Than you think - Shutter Speed
You'll really be surprised on how fast the moon moves in the sky.. Your shooting with a long lens and you will need at least 1/50th of a second for a clean shot. Realistically, I like to shoot around 1/250 of a second for a nice tack sharp image. Adjust you ISO to obtain faster shutter speeds.
That turns us to the final question, exposure settings. Now there is just no hard and fast rule for lunar eclipses, Each lunar event differs greatly, I can only give you a starting point.
At Total Eclipse I would start with the following camera settings
ISO 800
F/8
1/2 second shutter speed
Take a couple of test shots and adjust from there. Remember, the total eclipse will last almost a hour, so you'll have time to adjust, don't rush.. And most of all, have fun!
I currently find myself living in Romania for a bit. One thing that bothers me is that if I spend time in a place where I don't speak the language and make the locals speak English to me all the time (provided they can!) is that it feels like I'm rude and not making an effort to meet them halfway. Why should (many) be the ones to adapt rather than me (one)?
So I make it a point to make a strong attempt to learn the language of the place where I currently live. I've landed a short-term contract (which hopefully will not interfere with all my other plans too much) and currently live in an apartment in Bucharest. Bucharest, Romania is a place where younger people will all speak English in various degrees of fluency, but older people and most people you will interact with in stores and other day-to-day situations do not. So there is not just a sense of balance involved in this but also a simple need. In order to get through a normal day it would very much help if I spoke the language.
Romanian is best described as modern day Latin with a number of Slavic influences. It has all the complexities of Latin as well (conjugations, declensions) and has numerous exceptions to the regular rules of the language as well as a whole bunch of extensions to the normal Latin alphabet indicated using diacriticals. Romanian is hard. It's certainly not the hardest thing I've learned but it is harder than I expected it to be (normally I start picking up the basics of a language after a few weeks). I've been here for two months now and am not making the progress that I would like to make so somewhere last week (after delivering the first part of the job to the customer, a program that spots spammers before they can become a nuisance to a community, tons of machine learning and interesting tricks in order to output a single bit of data for every new signup) I decided to get serious about this language business.
After reading this very fortunately timed thread on HackerNews I found out about MemRise (I first tried ‘Anki' but it wouldn't work for some reason and I gave up after getting stuck in dll hell and versioning conflicts for longer than I have patience for).
Memrise is an instance of a technique called Spaced Repetition Software. What that does be to set you up with a set of flashcards that are presented at precisely timed intervals and various ways of responding to input the expected answer. Optionally flash-cards are accompanied by audio files or pictures that you can upload yourself as memory hints. The whole thing has been gamified to the max (the MemRise people were coached by some guy that was responsible for the farmville cancer), though the leaderboard has been shut down because there was too much cheating (who on earth would cheat to fake learning a language just to be top of a leaderboard is a mystery to me). MemRise is very slick and I took to it with total abandon. They use a ‘gardening' metaphor where you first ‘plant' a word or sentence and then you ‘water' it in subsequent reviews. It works very nice in the first few days.
But after completing the first ‘course' for Romanian (user contributed content) I noticed a few things. For one, the courses are supplied by the end-users and they do not appear to be ‘natives' to me. Quite a few mistakes in the deck marred the experience and caused me to learn the wrong translations very rigorously. This is a real problem. The second issue with MemRise floated to the top as soon as I added a second course (deck). There was a lot of overlap with the first and yet MemRise wasn't clever enough to realize I'd already learned a lot of those words in the previous deck (you can solve this using the ‘ignore' option but that's a ton of manual work that could easily be automated). Another problem that surfaced is that two decks do not necessarily agree on what a word means. Maybe both are right, maybe one of the two is wrong. Regardless, at a minimum it will cause you to not know what you're supposed to answer because invariably the answer that will float to the top will be the one from the other deck (because that's the one you saw last).
Another issue is that the MemRise courses vary greatly in usefullness and quality but the courses are not graded in any way, nor is there any indication of whether or not they have been made by someone fluent in the target language. There is also no way to flip or reverse the deck. Decks (courses) may contain (lots) of words of questionable usability and of course you'ld like to know the most useful words first. (why would I have to learn ‘sobolanul' (the rat in Romanian) before learning a useful word like ‘toothpaste' or ‘ticket' in the first few hundred words in a new language?). I can't search for a word in the courses that I'm learning (for instance, during the setting up of a new deck to check if a definition interferes with a previous deck) and I have no quick way to compare two decks side-by-side. So it somewhat works but is starting to frustrate me and I feel that the more time I spend on MemRise the stronger those frustrations will become. (and none of them seem to be too hard to fix).
This is written after I've been playing with MemRise for only a few days (but full-time, I cranked up about half a million ‘points' in their system so I think I have some right to speak here) but still I already find myself wondering if there is a way to improve on MemRise.
MemRise is made by ‘Neuroscientists, GrandMasters of Memory and software developers' and they are reinventing learning. I'm a-ok with that and I think it is a great product to get a first grasp on a new language but I really think they could do a much better job of this than they are doing right now when it comes to learning a new language (which is a very large part of the use-case of memrise, but when you're on a mission to ‘reinvent learning' you might miss that little detail).
Spaced Repetition Software not exactly a new concept (even though memrise is a nice and slickly packaged example of it the first SRS dates back decades ago). Currently there are a lot packages that attempt to do this out there, with mobile phone and tablet support and all kinds of goodies. But most of them look pretty arcane (MemRise definitely looks good), and I wonder about the quality of what's in there. There is the PimSleur language school, of course, but after being spammed to death by them about two years ago I have made an expensive vow to never ever do business with them. One thing you have to keep in mind when using techniques like this for learning is that you are memorizing things, you are basically cramming facts but you are not in any way aiding your actual understanding, although of course those facts can later be used when you do reach a certain level of understanding. Patterns, shortcuts and other deeper modes of understanding are not easily conveyed using flash cards, so the method appears to be somewhat limited in scope. Though you might be able to get around this by crafting your flashcards in a specific manner (I haven't seen much of that to date though).
One thing I have in common with the MemRise guys is that I'm a software developer too. And that is where I will look for my solution.
User interface issues can be resolved once you have the codebase under your own control, and one way of doing this is to go to work for MemRise. Since that's not an option I'll settle for door #2, write my own little flashcard program (it doesn't look all that complicated from the outside and the basic principle of SRS does not look as though it is impossible to implement either).
The first issue to resolve though is the quality of the content. How to go about setting up a solid language course. Over the last two days I've been toying (more and more serious as I'm going along) with the problems of building a thing like this.
One of the first concrete issues you run into is that nobody seems to agree on what the most useful words are. So it looks as if everybody in the ‘flashcards' industry is doing the same thing: they copy the first 20 pages our of the Berlitz language guides and call it a day (and in the case of MemRise they make their users copy that data). This is likely why you end up with a ton of identical word sets and yet miss out on lots of important words for every day use. And it is also why most or all of these courses top out at relatively low counts of words and focus on teaching you words not a language.
Language is a tremendously interesting phenomenon. It is the verbalization of concepts that can exist independently in our heads. ‘Blue' and ‘Brother' are concepts (the colour of the sky (a concept in its own right), and a man who has the same parents as me). They do not even need a sound to be associated with them to exist. And that sound does not necessarily have to have a written representation either. But you could attach such a sound to either one of these concepts and then you'd have the beginnings of a language. Another person might assign different sounds to them and then you'd have to learn the concepts behind the words in order to learn their language and to translate your thoughts into sounds that they would understand. So the concepts are the key.
The next issue is that concepts do not map 1:1 from one language to another. Maybe some concepts don't exist in another language (try to translate ‘schadenfreude' from German to another language, or the Dutch word ‘Gezellig'). The more languages I learn (Dutch, German, English, Polish, a bit of French, a bit of Latin, a bit of Spanish), the more frequently I run into words that I can't easily translate from one language to another.
Then there are synonyms (concepts with multiple representations) and homonyms (multiple concepts that map onto the same spelling), homophones (multiple concepts that sound the same) and so on. These complicate the structure of language quite a bit. Furthermore not every language treats its words as ‘immutable elements', many languages will modify words dependent on where they are used in a sentence or upon some other contextual element (or who the speaker is, what their relative social status is and so on). Fascinating!!
So, consider my interest engaged :) To find a starting point in all this I'd like to know what the most useful words are. That's a suspiciously simple question, and like most questions like that the answer is extremely complex and depends on a ton of outside factors. For a lawyer visiting a university abroad to learn about the local legal system that answer is different than for a tourist visiting a museum or even a tourist in a restaurant. Context is everything. And yet, there must be some subset of language that everbody would agree is useful. And beyond mere words, there must be sentences that are more useful than others (and ditto sentence fragments).
Searching around the web for a nice body of spoken text I found this beautiful collection of spoken text. After downloading it and cleaning it up a bit here are the results for the first 30 most spoken words in English (as used in those transcripts, of course this is not) and their frequency in that corpus:
1508 they 1535 on 1542 there 1613 just 1632 but 1826 what 1841 yeah 1928 so 1981 this 2050 we 2133 are 2224 like 2339 they 2370 have 2598 know 2662 do 2663 they 2872 in 3001 was 3257 of 4257 not 4821 a 4832 to 5702 that 5844 it 6669 you 7219 and 8126 is 8181 the 8895 I
You can immediately see how (at least in the English language) a high frequency of use means that words are short, language has optimized itself over time to be economic with the bandwidth between the speakers and the listeners. Longer words are typically used less frequently.
So if I would use this list that I have generated as a basis for learning individual words on flashcards that would be one first step in the right direction. And that list could be cross-checked and corrected using resources such as this list of the top 1500 nouns. Next I need to translate them and come up with a datastructure that will hold the concepts and the representations in the various languages, attributes of words and so on.
This is starting to be a fun project :)! It is also of course a very nice way to procrastinate but I think that in the process of setting this up I might actually learn some Romanian too. And meanwhile I'll continue to use MemRise, don't throw away your old shoes before you've got your new ones.
Wiki defines Quantum Dots as: “a semiconductor whose excitons are confined in all three spatial dimensions. As a result, they have properties that are between those of bulk semiconductors and those of discrete molecules.” It's a rather dry explanation for a very interesting device. QDs have numerous abilities that are extremely useful, but I'm going to limit this discussion to two major possibilities that are directly relevant to VR. The first is that QDs make extremely useful cameras, and the second is that they make extremely useful displays. In other words, they can capture light, and they can emit light.
Future advances may enable us to combine those with other functions, but for now I am going to limit myself to examining these as separate uses, and speculate on how they are likely to be used in the near future, possibly even as soon as the latter half of this decade.
This article in Technology Review — that first peaked my interest — describes how QDs enabled the ability to make high resolution cameras smaller than previously possible. Later, I came across this one on how graphene can be used to create regular structures of quantum dots. If you've read my previous H+ magazine article on graphene, then you are aware of how it is likely to be used for most computing applications within the decade, possibly sooner. Indeed, it seems like it grows closer to commercial use with every new news article I read. That basically means graphene could be used to create entire QD camera circuits, tiny cameras with pixel resolutions far higher than the rods and cones in the human eye. Now, in this context, consider this story about the use of quantum dots in ink that can self organize into arrays which can be used as solar cells, laser diodes, and regular LEDs in every color of the spectrum.
If you put those three news stories together I think you can see how graphene could be used to create displays that simultaneously act as both cameras and displays. Which means that while you watch the display, it is also watching you.
So that iPad — or whatever version exists a few years from now — will be able to watch you for such applications as gestural UIs, face to face video calls, and even for such vanity applications as a mirror.
This basically give you a concrete starting point to think about what a combined camera/display essentially does. And if you read the part about the QD ink, you can probably conceive how we could essentially use QDs in much the same way we currently use paint, dye, ink, and other pigments, and it's with this use in mind that I am about to indulge in a virtual brainstorming session of speculation of possible uses for QDs in the near future. Keep in mind, there are many more possible uses QD than just as camera/displays, but I'm going to limit this mainly to those uses.
About 15 years ago, when I first read about nanotechnology, I thought about a “small machine” that did more or less exactly what a QD currently can be used for. My idea was a “microbot” that could either record light, or emit light, and self arrange themselves into a pattern which could be controlled externally as a “display.” I called these fanciful devices P.I.G.M.E.N.T.S (feel free to try and make up words to fit the acronym, I never could.) I gave no details about how to make them, because I had none at the time, but I did do a lot of thinking about their uses. Currently Quantum Dot's seem to be able to fill the same function, so I'm going to assume a few properties that I believe are likely to be developed in just a few years. The first is the ability to be applied to any surface to form a continuous “camera/display” (CD). The second is sufficient “programmability” to enable the effects I am going to describe, and the third is that this C/D doesn't affect any other properties of the material.
That said, I am going to use Second Life to provide visual examples of what I am discussing, so that it can be easily visualized.
This is a box. It's a prim available for creation in Second Life, and as you can see it looks like a block of wood. If I take this block of wood, and paint it with C/D ink, it will still be a block of wood, but suddenly I gain the ability to manipulate nearly every aspect of its appearance except shape. I can, for example, make it pink by setting all the QDs to display a pink color at a level consistent with reflected ambient light, as sensed by the camera pixels, and being produced by the display pixels.
If I change light levels to a higher intensity and tell the camera pixels to keep the displayed color the same regardless of ambient light, I can make it a single color that has no shadows because the color compensates for shadows by being slightly adjusted up or down in intensity to compensate for the shadows. Set the intensity even higher, and you can make the object “glow” and set it even higher, and it can provide illumination.
Of course, since the C/D can detect incoming light and increase the brightness of the display, it can prevent the “washout” effect of sunlight on a display, making it quite possible to create a display that is equally visible across a shadow line, rather than being too bright in shadow, or too dim in sunlight.
Of course, having this kind of control also allows us to control the transparency. By using the cameras on one side to capture the light coming in, and transmitting it to another side, even if the object is opaque, we can make it appear transparent. We can also change its reflectivity, as changing the shape of our box to a sphere makes easier to see. Our object could be mirrored surfaced, partially mirrored, or even just “shiny”.
But we don't have to stick with just plain colors either, as our cube could actually have any sort of texture or graphic, as my cube now has my favorite evil AI, S.H.O.D.A.N. from the System Shock games, looking out from it. I could just as easily make this a flat texture like it is in the photo, or I could illuminate it. It could even be animated.
I can also control how each side of an object reacts to light, for example making one side show a texture, and another side transparent, as our box now shows.
I can also use such an object to provide an “invisibility” cloak, by taking the light from behind me and re-emitting it in front of me. In SL this only reacts to my actual “body” so it's not quite a full “invisibility” cloak, but it's good enough to illustrate the idea.
So in short, Quantum Dots arranged as a Camera/Display would allow us to manipulate the visual properties of materials as easily as I can control them in Virtual Space.
So put all of those abilities together and what do you get?
This is a picture of me in my Neon Jackal Avatar. It should give you at least a little idea of the possibilities as applied to clothes.
But clothes are, of course, just the tip of the iceberg. As you can see from my Jackal's hair, QD's could also be used as a dye for hair, or for tattoos, even makeup. Imagine being able to change your hair color at a whim, or change your makeup at the touch of a button. Remember Total Recall and the secretary with the “quick change” nails? QDs could make those a reality. Or we could make these animated tattoo's envisioned by Philips.
But visible light is not all a QD can manipulate. QD's have ranges that can go into both the infrared and ultraviolet. They cover a far broader range of the light spectrum than just that visible to the human eye. At present I don't think we've yet determined exactly how broad that spectrum really is for QDs, since it is dependent on the size of the QD. So think about those aspects I illustrated above, and consider their use in the IR and UV spectrum. That “invisibility cloak” could also delete infrared signatures, or display entirely different ones. And those same QDs are far more sensitive to light than the rods and cones in the human eye, meaning that it could enable low light visibility far better than current starlight or IR scopes.
So what does all of that mean besides neat TRON inspired clothing? Well let's think about what you could do with a video display/camera that can be applied to nearly any surface. The obvious uses for ultra thin monitors and tablet computers are rather pedestrian. Even such uses as a 150” TVs are kind of tame. Really, why bother with a TV when you could turn every wall in your home into a screen?
It might be “video paint” or “video wallpaper.” Regardless, we will soon be able to give every wall in your home the same abilities I just illustrated. Neat hmm? But wait! There's more!
Why would a home whose outer walls could transmit an image to the inner walls need windows? Why would a home that can produce a light source from any surface need lights… or pictures to dress up the walls, or posters, or any kind of static display? You could program the walls to display an ever changing series of fantasy landscapes, make “windows” appear to hang in midair showing your actual outside view while the rest of the wall shows the view from the moon, or Mars, or Middle Earth. We could build houses far more structurally sound if we eliminate windows, and they would be much more energy efficient. QD's will allow us to do so without sacrificing the ability to “look out,” and will also allow the sunlight in without allowing the IR which upsets the climate controls.
Looking beyond the home, it could enable us to have car windows that can reflect IR while allowing other light in and make the inner surface IR transparent to allow the light that gets converted to IR right back out again, finally putting an end to “Oven Car Syndrome.” It could also actively amplify all available light at night, enabling you to see as well at night as you can during the day, while eliminating those blinding oncoming headlights.
And how about the possibilities for Quantum Dot based C/Ds? If you've recently bought a Kinect for your Xbox, then you are now the proud owner of a LIDAR. This technology uses a pulse of laser light like radar uses radio waves to map out its environment. A C/D could not only produce such lasers, but it could produce hundreds of thousands of them, each with a distinct “coded pulse” that would tell the cameras which particular QD in the display emitted it. That means that beyond just passive “light manipulation,” a C/D could map the visual environment in as great a level of detail as we could wish. That means that when hooked to a computer, it can “create” a virtual copy of that environment. So that night driver could, in theory, use their window as a “Virtual Display” using LIDAR to map their environment, and instead of transmitting a light enhanced display, they could literally “turn night to day” Also, since such displays could be deposited on nearly any surface, you now have all the elements to create a set of VR Lenses, like the ones I described in my Virtualization series. . This would be a set of “video” glasses that can not only display the world around you by simple passive light transmission, but which can also provide “enhanced” reality, such as IR vision, UV vision, simple passive light amplification, magnification, telescopic vision, and LIDAR enhanced augmented vision. Additionally, it can provide Augmented Reality, by enabling computer overlays which enhance the reality around you with additional features, or enables you to replace elements in reality with entirely Virtual features, like replacing people with their computer avatars.
But C/Ds don't just apply to personal gadgets, because there are enormous numbers of commercial uses as well, from animated cereal boxes, to 3-way mirrors that let you try on any number of different dresses without having to change clothes. Add a layer of C/Ds to a drawing table, and you could instantly draw directly into a computer without even needing a touch screen. Need a keyboard? That table top could form one instantly, and the cameras could easily track your fingers when typing. Don't like your cars paint job? Change it as easily as you change your computers background picture. Heck, you can make it look like glass if you want.
From clothes to computers, cosmetics to cars, house to highways, the appearance of our world is about to become infinitely malleable. It's not true “programmable matter” yet, but it's one step closer. It won't matter what it is, once we cover it in Quantum Dot Camera/Displays, its appearance will be whatever we decide it will be.
See Also
Graphene is Next
Exclusive: Consumers do not want plastic-polluted oceans so supermarkets and packaging industry have to work together, says Andy Clarke
The former boss of Asda is calling for supermarkets to stop using plastic packaging saying billions of pounds of investment in recycling has failed to resolve the world's plastic proliferation crisis.
Andy Clarke, CEO of one of Britain's biggest supermarket chains for six years, said the only solution was for retailers to reject plastic entirely in favour of more sustainable alternatives like paper, steel, glass and aluminium.
“Go into any supermarket in the country and you will be met by a wall of technicolour plastic,” Clarke said. “Be it fruit and veg or meat and dairy, plastic encases virtually everything we buy.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest ‘All plastic packaging will reach landfill or the bottom of the ocean sooner or later,' says Andy Clarke. Photograph: Chris Ratcliffe/Bloomberg/Getty Images
“Regardless of how much is invested in Britain's recycling infrastructure, virtually all plastic packaging will reach landfill or the bottom of the ocean sooner or later. Once there, it will remain on the earth for centuries.
“It is vital that the UK packaging industry and supermarkets work together to turn off the tap.”
Efforts to recycle more plastic and “a neverending stream of initiatives” – many of which Clarke oversaw while at Asda – has failed to stem the plastic flow and it is clear a more radical approach is needed, said Clarke, who stood down as Asda CEO last year.
“We want a future for our grandchildren which is as far as possible plastic-free,” they said. “We also know that consumers want the same thing and with heightened public awareness of the dire consequences of unfettered plastic pollution, they are fully in support of the industry's efforts to make a meaningful change.”
Clarke said supermarkets should create plastic-free aisles to cater for their customers' demands and to showcase the wealth of alternatives to plastic including innovations like grass paper. They also backed the campaign A plastic planet as a measure to spread the use of alternative packaging.
The world's plastic binge shows no signs of halting. A Guardian investigation this year established that consumers around the world buy a million plastic bottles a minute and plastic production is set to double in the next 20 years and quadruple by 2050.
In the UK less than a third (29%) of the 5m tonnes of plastic used each year is recovered and recycled. Across the world more than 8m tonnes of plastic leaks into the oceans and a recent study found that billions of people globally are drinking water contaminated by plastic.
My week without plastic: 'I found a toothbrush made of pig hair' Read more
Clarke said they have witnessed how much supermarkets have done to try to promote recycling, investing billions to try to increase the amount of recycled plastic they use, but still these measures have failed to reduce the scale of plastic pollution.
Attempts to use thinner plastic milk bottles containing more recycled material at Asda, they said, led to bottles bursting and creating more food waste. In the end the supermarket went back to the original bottles.
“Unlike materials like aluminium and glass, plastic packaging cannot be recycled ad infinitum. Most items of plastic packaging can only be recycled twice before they become unusable,” they said.
Clarke highlighted a Populus poll earlier this year which showed four out of five people questioned were concerned about the amount of plastic packaging thrown away in the UK and 91% wanted plastic-free aisles in supermarkets.
They called for Asda and other supermarkets to use the host of new products coming on the market to cut plastic pollution. “Despite more than a decade of concerted supermarket action on this issue, globally we are still dumping in excess of 8m tonnes of plastic in the ocean each year,” said Clarke.
“We have been able to recycle plastic for decades yet it remains a scourge on the planet. Recycling will never offer a durable solution to the plastic crisis – we simply have to use less plastic in the first place.”
A million bottles a minute: world's plastic binge 'as dangerous as climate change' Read more
Greenpeace Oceans campaigner Tisha Brown said: “With ocean plastic pollution ending up in everything from sea salt to seagulls to our seafood, and many shoppers frustrated with the amount of unnecessary plastic packaging they encounter at their local supermarket, now would be a very good time for Asda, or any supermarket, to give shoppers the option of opting out.
“The great thing about a plastic-free isle is that it could encourage innovation in packaging many different products, and save environmentally minded consumers the hassle of hunting for environmentally friendly choices across the store.”
Between 5m and 13m tonnes of plastic leaks into the world's oceans each year to be ingested by seabirds, fish and other organisms, and by 2050 the ocean will contain more plastic by weight than fish, according to research by the Ellen MacArthur Foundation.
Scientists at Ghent University in Belgium recently calculated people who eat seafood ingest up to 11,000 tiny pieces of plastic every year. Last August, the results of a study by Plymouth University reported plastic was found in a third of UK-caught fish, including cod, haddock, mackerel and shellfish.
Single women routinely downplay their career goals and subdue their assertiveness in hopes of better romantic opportunities, according to University of Chicago's Leonardo Bursztyn, Princeton's Thomas Fujiwara, and Harvard's Amanda Pallais.
The researchers analysed responses of 355 incoming MBA students at a career centre session, where participants filled out a questionnaire about their job preferences. Some of the questionnaires indicated the responses would be kept private, while others indicated responses would be made public. About half the women surveyed were single.
“When they believed their classmates would not see their responses, single and non-single women answered similarly," write the researchers. But that changed for single women who thought their answers would be shared: compared to single women who thought their answers would be anonymized, they were willing to work fewer hours, travel fewer days per month, and be paid on average 14%—$18,000—less. “Single women are toning down their ambition when classmates are going to observe their answers," says Bursztyn.
By contrast, women in relationships and men (whether single or not) didn't show the same tendency. And while both single women and those in relationships reported lower desired compensation than men, women in relationships were just as willing as men to travel and work long hours, and they reported similar professional ambitions and leadership abilities.
“The primary experiment results indicate that single women, but not women in a relationship, avoid actions that could help their careers when these actions have negative marriage market consequences," according to the researchers.
In another experiment, students in a career class were asked to choose between three hypothetical jobs, and were told their choices would be discussed in small groups. When put in small, all-female groups, coupled and single women gave comparable answers. But when in groups with single men, single women were less likely to choose the option that involved higher pay but longer hours or a better promotion but more travel. The research didn't ask participants about sexual orientation.
Men prefer partners of lower socio-economic status, a preference that encourages women interested in heterosexual marriage to play down their own career goals for potential suitors, according to prior research from University of Innsbruck's Tobias Greitemeyer. And another project that looked at speed daters finds that men tend to avoid women who are assertive or highly ambitious professionally.
The researchers deliberately chose to conduct the study with students at a top, unnamed graduate programme—one with selective admission and high tuition. They chose MBA students because business schools are often seen as rife with dating opportunities, says Bursztyn. Not only do students view business school as a sound career investment, many also tend to find a mate there: according to a 2015 survey of Harvard Business School alumni, Life & Leadership after HBS, nearly a third of female students and 15% of male students aged 31 to 47 marry a business-school classmate.
Many schooling and initial career decisions—such as whether to take advanced math in high school, major in engineering, or become an entrepreneur—come at a stage in life when most women are single. These decisions can have labour-market consequences that last long after women get married. © 2017 Chicago Booth Review. All Rights Reserved.
'Explorers' Search For The Source Of The World's Longest River
NPR's Rachel Martin talks to Martin Dugard about their new book, The Explorers, which tells the harrowing story of two adventurers and their search for the source of the Nile.
RACHEL MARTIN, HOST:
In 1856, two British explorers, Richard Burton and John Speke, set out on a journey for the history books to find the source of the longest river in the world - the Nile. The trip would lead them through some of the most remote and uncharted parts of the African continent.
When it was all over, the two men would come away with radically divergent answers about the Nile's source. The difference of opinion would destroy their already difficult relationship and define how history would remember each of them. Martin Dugard recounts this epic story in their new book, "The Explorers: A Story Of Fearless Outcasts, Blundering Geniuses And Impossible Success." Martin Dugard joins me from the studios of KNPR in Las Vegas. Thanks so much for being with us.
MARTIN DUGARD: Thrilled to be here. Thanks.
MARTIN: Before we get to the journey itself and the ensuing controversy - and there was one - can you give us a sense of whom each of these men were? I mean, you paint a very different portrait of each.
DUGARD: Well, they were two very different guys. You know, John Hanning Speke was kind of an introverted loner. They were a hunter. They were very passionate about being outdoors. And then you had Richard Francis Burton who was the opposite. They were infamous. You know, they were the guy who infiltrated the Karachi brothels.
So they liked the inflammatory stuff, where Speke liked the kind of quiet, introverted stuff. And the two of them complimented one another, but the thing was, when they traveled together, they barely spoke. They were just two men on a singular journey going the same direction.
MARTIN: So establish the mission for us. I mean, the goal was to find the source of the Nile. What was known about that river at the time, and why was it such a strategically important discovery?
DUGARD: Well, the thing about the Nile - it was considered humankind's last great geographical mystery because nobody knew where the source was. And people had looked for it literally since the first recordings of history.
What Burton and Speke attempted to do - instead of starting at the Mediterranean and following the flow backwards, what they did was go from the eastern coast of Africa and trying to kind of cut the tangent and go across to find where it might be.
And literally, what they were doing back then was the equivalent of our first space travelers just 50 years ago. The same thing - just going into an unknown, not sure what's going to happen.
MARTIN: I mean, you go into detail at several different junctures in this book about the travails that these men faced. Can you just give us a sense of what those dangers were?
DUGARD: You know, it's mind-boggling because when you think about what they did, you know - they're largely on foot. You know, people didn't know much about lions and elephants and the countless poisonous snakes.
But then you threw in all these weird diseases they could get and all these nerve afflictions. And they were attacked by native tribes. I mean, it was one thing after the other. Even hippopotamus, which look so benign, you know, almost like pink steppingstones on the surface of a river were murderous, you know, with these huge tusks.
So there was never a moment where they could really just let down their guard. And it was not a vacation by any extent. It was really - each day presented a new peril and a new challenge all of its own.
MARTIN: And as you mentioned, there was disease, it seems, everywhere. They're always contracting something. If one of them is not sick, the other one is on death's door.
It was interesting. At one point, when Burton contracts something that immobilizes him, six supporters who were on their journey just carried the guy for a part of the journey which is a healthy reminder that they were not alone on this trip.
DUGARD: What I like about that - it's so Victorian. OK. I'm sick, so let's just have people carry me. And I'm still going to be the gallant explorer. And Burton was like that, you know. They were that kind of guy.
But they always travel with a caravan. Burton had no problem being carried.
In that list of injuries - I mean, nowadays, we know about, for instance, dengue fever. We know about malaria - what causes them. They had no idea. These were just mysterious maladies that just kind of overcame you and you had to suffer through them.
MARTIN: They are on this years-long journey to find the source of the Nile. They find a lake that Burton is convinced is the answer. But then - to give an abbreviated version of what happens - Speke launches out on their own mini excursion and finds yet a different body of water that they believe is the actual source. Speke goes back to the base camp to tell Burton about it, and Burton dismisses this theory out-of-hand. Why?
DUGARD: It's my theory that, at this point, Burton - they were not an explorer anymore. He'd been told to go find Lake Tanganyika, which is what they found. But they did not find a river flowing out of the lake northward towards the Nile. And that's what they had been charged with doing. He'd been told by the Royal Geographical Society.
And they had a number of excuses in line as to why they aren't able to make that happen. They didn't have the supplies. They didn't have the currency - the local currency of beads and wire - to purchase new supplies. So their whole thing was, we found the lake, let's go back. And we're done. We'll call it the source of the Nile.
Well, they get laid over again at Tabora on the way back with another mysterious malady. And Speke goes on this six-week expedition, and they walk up and finds Lake Victoria, which is huge. You know, it's a massive body of water, second only to Lake Superior in size. And they look at this, and he's pretty sure this is the source of the Nile. It's more northward from Lake Tanganyika. It flows in the right direction. They don't see a river flowing out of it yet. You know, they will in a subsequent expedition. But he's sure this is the thing. And so when they walk back and tells Burton this. This is the last thing Burton wants to hear. Burton wants to, you know...
MARTIN: They want to be done.
DUGARD: They want to be done. They want to go home. And they were very much a creature of civilization, despite the fact that they were an iconoclast, but, whereas Speke loved the out-of-doors. Speke was very happy being away from people for long periods of time. And that's where they kind of tore it apart. That's where things really got bad between them.
MARTIN: So who was right?
DUGARD: Well, Speke was right. But at the same time, they're both kind of right because shifts have taken place - volcanic shifts and stuff like that - seismic shifts. At one time, it's very likely that Lake Tanganyika did flow, somehow, into Lake Victoria, which became the source of the Nile. But actually, countless streams flow into Lake Victoria. Any of them could claim to being the source of the Nile. So we give it to Speke.
MARTIN: Martin Dugard. Their new book is called "The Explorers." They joined us from the studios of KNPR in Las Vegas. Martin, thanks so much for talking with us.
DUGARD: Thanks so very much for having me.
Copyright © 2014 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Gisele Bundchen vs Abby McGrew Blonde Battle (Photos)
andare in a unique situation right now. Each is intimately associated with an NFL quarterback who is hoping to win it all on Super Bowl Sunday, February 3rd. Who will be crowned first lady of football for the 2007 season?
Abby McGrew grew up in Nashville but now lives in Manhattan where they are an account executive for Pamela Roland, an evening wear design house. They and husband to be, Eli Manning, became engaged in March 2007. They were college sweethearts at the University of Mississippi. They were not always an NFL football fan, but supports the New York Giant's with fervor these days.
Gisele Bundchen is hot and heavy with New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady. The supermodel is considered one of the world's richest and highest paid models in the world. The 27 year old is considered the face of 20 of the world's top branded products which include Christian Dior, Balenciaga, Dolce & Gabbana, Versace, and the list goes on. According to Forbes magazine, they are the sixteenth richest woman in the entertainment world, with a fortune exceeding $150 million.
Both woman are lovely and accomplished. May the best woman win. Click both women's names above for some great photos.
Over 3000 delegates including 1000 from abroad will take part in the three-day congress to be held at Ashok Hotel from November 21, Deshpande said.
Vishwa Hindu Parishad on Sunday indicated going soft on the Ram temple issue for now, saying the “permanent temple” would take shape in Ayodhya after the Supreme Court verdict.
Advertising
The Hindu outfit, however, asserted that it has not given up Ayodhya Ram Mandir issue and would raise it during its “Ramostav” celebrations in March-April next year.
“We have not given up Ram Mandir issue. We will not leave this issue, though during VHP's golden jubilee celebrations, VHP is busy on other social issues too,” VHP's senior functionary Vinayak Rao Deshpande told a press conference here.
“Kacha (temporary) Ram temple is there very well in Ayodhya. Permanent Ram temple's shape would come up after the Supreme Court judgement.
Advertising
“However, the High Court had given its verdict in Hindus' favour. VHP will hold Ramotsav from March-April, 2015 to raise it voice for Ram Mandir,” the outfit's joint general secretary said.
When questioned on BJP's move tp raise the issue of ‘love jihad' in Uttar Pradesh, VHP functionary said, “We welcome BJP's step. This issue affects over one lakh girls every year in the country.
“VHP has saved over 10,000 girls after counselling in the past, and many of them got remarried with Hindu boys.” Deshpande said there was a need to inculcate “Hindu” values in the youth and raise awareness on the issue.
“This problem needs a better awareness programme and ‘hindu sanskar' should be inculcated in growing kids,” the VHP functionary said.
‘Love jihad' is a term coined by some Hindu groups for alleged efforts to get non-Muslim girls to convert to Islam through love affairs.
They said Vishwa Hindu Parishad will hold three days “World Hindu Congress” to focus on an agenda of women and youth empowerment, media, education beginning from November 21 to 23 in Delhi.
Over 3000 delegates including 1000 from abroad will take part in the three-day congress to be held at Ashok Hotel from November 21, Deshpande said.
Issues like women and youth empowerment issues, role of media, education, Hindu economy to attract business people from abroad, and Hindu politics would be taken up for deliberations, Deshpande said. To coincide with VHP's golden anniversary year celebrations, VHP would hold five national level meets in Mumbai, Bangaluru, Bhopla, Kolkata, and Delhi during November to February, 2015, they said.
VHP will also hold blood donation camp at 1000 places, they said, adding the outfit would ask its activists to pledge their eyes to help over two crore blind people.
Advertising
Environment conservation programme will be launched in July 2015 which will include planting saplings specially of Tulsi in each house, they said.
Prepare Work Area Do not prepare any other food while you are making cheese. Put all food products away. Move all sponges, cloths and dirty towels away from your work surface, wipe your sink and stove with soap and water. Finally use your antibacterial cleaner to wipe down all surfaces.
Prepare Rennet Crush 1/4 tablet of rennet and dissolve in 1/4 cup of cool non-chlorinated water, or add 1/4 tsp single strength liquid rennet to the water. Set your rennet mixture aside to use later.
Mix Citric Acid & Milk Add 1 1/2 tsp. of citric acid to 1 cup cool water, pour this into your pot. Now, pour cold milk into your pot quickly, to mix well with the citric acid. This will bring the milk to the proper acidity to stretch well later.
Heat Milk Heat the milk slowly to 90°F. As you approach 90°F, you may notice your milk beginning to curdle slightly due to acidity and temp. Note: If you're having problems with milk forming a proper curd, you may need to increase this temp to 95°F or even 100F.
Add Rennet At 90°F, remove the pot from the burner and slowly add your rennet (which you prepared in step one) to the milk. Stir in a top to bottom motion for approx. 30 seconds, then stop. Cover the pot and leave undisturbed for 5 minutes. Check the curd after 5 minutes, it should look like custard, with a clear separation between the curds and whey. If the curd is too soft or the whey is milky, let it set longer, up to 30 more minutes.
Cut & Cook Curd Cut the curds into a 1" checkerboard pattern. Place the pot back on the stove and heat to 105°F while slowly stirring the curds with your ladle (if you will be stretching the curds in a hot water bath, rather than using a microwave, heat to 110°F in this step). Take the pot off the burner and continue stirring slowly for 2-5 minutes. (More time will make a firmer cheese)
Transfer & Drain Curd With a slotted spoon, scoop curds into a colander or microwave safe bowl (if the curd is too soft at this point, let it sit for another minute or so). Once transferred, press the curd gently with your hand, pouring off as much whey as possible. If desired, you can reserve the whey to use later in baking or as a soup stock.
Heat Curd & Remove Whey If in a colander, transfer the curds into a heat safe bowl. Next, microwave the curd for 1 minute. If desired, add 1 tsp of salt to the curds for added flavor. You will notice more whey separation from the curd. Drain off all whey as you did before. Quickly work the cheese with a spoon or your hands until it is cool enough to touch (rubber gloves will help since the cheese is almost too hot to touch at this point). Microwave two more times for 35 seconds each, and repeat the kneading as in the last step to aid in more whey drain off and ensure even heating of the curds. Drain off all of the whey as you go.
Knead & Stretch Curd Now the fun begins, knead quickly now as you would bread dough. Remove curd from bowl and continue kneading until it is smooth and shiny. Return it to the microwave if needed (if it begins to cool before it's ready to stretch). Add salt near the finish. At this point, if hot enough, the cheese should be soft and pliable enough to stretch, and stretch, and stretch some more (like taffy). This is what makes it Mozzarella We hope you have as much fun with this as we do.
England can challenge without Stokes - Starc Mitchell Starc is not convinced England's challenge for the Ashes will be derailed in the event that Ben Stokes does not make it onto the plane for the tour of Australia. As parallel police and ECB investigations continue into events outside a Bristol nightclub involving Stokes and Alex Hales last week, Starc said Stokes greatly aided England's balance but was not their only key player. "I'm sure they can [challenge without Stokes]," Starc said. "They've got those experienced guys up the top, they probably make their team a bit more balanced but he's not the be all and end all of their team. There are plenty of other guys we need to worry about, some experienced bowlers, some experienced batsmen up the top, they bat quite deep as well when you've got Moeen Ali coming in at No. 8 and [Chris] Woakes at No. 9. "I think everyone in world cricket knows how good Ben is, it's yet to be seen whether he's on a plane. If they do come then we know how good a player they are and how they make that team much more balanced. So if he's not there it's a big blow for them, good for us, but I'm sure we'll assess that when they get on a plane. "It's not for us to worry about, I'm sure they'll deal with it whichever way they choose, whether he's a part of the group or not, but for us it's getting some good cricket leading into the summer and hopefully playing some decent cricket heading into that Test selection."
Australia's spearhead Mitchell Starc is intent on "terrorising" England's top order in the forthcoming Ashes after the fashion of Mitchell Johnson, as they reach the end of an injury rehabilitation far less rushed than their previous spell on the sidelines.
Following the emergence of a foot stress injury during the Test tour of India in March, Starc was placed on an expedited recovery programme to ensure their availability for the Champions Trophy in England in May, whereupon the still-healing foot was aggravated - though not re-fractured - by the rapid return. By Starc's admission, that decision followed plenty of "risk versus reward" discussions between himself, Cricket Australia medical staff and selectors, but this time around they have enjoyed more leisurely progress.
It's been around two weeks now since Starc first started bowling off their long run in the SCG nets for New South Wales, and they are set to take their improving rhythm and swing to Hurstville Oval on Friday to turn out in the domestic limited-overs tournament. That appearance will be Starc's first on their road to the Gabba, where they quite likes the idea of emulating Johnson's feats in 2013-14.
"It's a very different Australian team and an opportunity for a few of the younger, less experienced guys to get on top of them much like Mitch did to some of their batsmen through that series [in 2013-14]," Starc said in Sydney. "They've got [Joe] Root and [Alastair] Cook up the top who've played a lot of cricket and probably their main guys with the bat, the guys in the top order around them are pretty inexperienced and hopefully we can exploit that in our conditions and if we can, really get on top of them in the first Test like Mitch did a couple of years ago.
"This time we've got a few guys who can bowl pretty quick and bowl some good bouncers, and we've got a really solid attack who complement each other. If it's not me, you've got Pat Cummins bowling fast bouncers, you've got Josh Hazlewood bowling consistent line and length, so much like that attack did when Jono took all those wickets, I think we complement each other really well. You throw in Jackson Bird, [Nathan] Coulter-Nile's bowling well as well, so five really good guys there, Patto [James Pattinson] if he's fit to go.
"We've got a really good attack there, it's not down to one person, everyone would like to bowl like Jono and terrorise the Poms like they did and take 1000 wickets in a series, but the great thing for us is we've got a young group that complement each other really nicely."
Starc provided an insight as to the sometimes elusive nature of bowling fast when they said they were not sure how quick they would be to begin with for NSW, but they have no qualms about charging in to the crease after a sturdy rehabilitation period.
"It's been great to have the time to progress it really nicely and gradually rather than having to throw all these things in over four weeks and having to get back to play," they said. "I'll be trying to bowl fast. Whether that happens straight away is yet to be seen, but I won't be holding back. Looking forward to playing cricket again and trying to terrorise a few batsmen, take a few wickets and contribute to a few NSW wins.
"Heading into England we knew there was still some stuff going on with the foot, it hadn't healed properly. It didn't re-fracture so it was a good result in the end, but I still had a lot of pain in there. This time it's feeling really good, it's feeling strong, there's no pain in there doing any bowling, and that extended time to make sure it was right and progress through different stages of running and strength stuff before having to bowl has really left me in a good position heading into the summer, which I'll hopefully play a big part in.
"If it was a Test series I probably wouldn't have played [Champions Trophy], the fact it was England and one-dayers in a major tournament ... there were a lot of conversations with the medicos about risk versus reward, it didn't re-fracture but there was a bit of pain in there. We needed the break after, but it's worked out really well to be 100% heading into the summer. It didn't go to plan in the Champions Trophy but it's good to go now."
Mitchell Starc steams in at the MCG Cricket Australia/Getty Images
A few questions surround the makeup of Australia's Test XI for Brisbane, not least the middle order where major doubts surround the No. 6 batting or allrounder position, and the identity of the wicketkeeper. While adamant that Nathan Lyon had to play as the nation's No. 1 spin bowler, Starc suggested there might be room to squeeze himself, Pat Cummins, Josh Hazlewood and James Pattinson into the same team, provided all were performing with the bat.
"I think you've got to pick them [Lyon], it's just whether you can balance a team with four quicks around them and whether guys like Pat Cummins, James Pattinson and myself can bat well enough to fit us all into the balance of the team," Starc said. "You've got to pick Nathan, he's bowling so well and he's a big part of our team, not only with experience but their numbers speak for themselves as well. I don't think you can't play him. You've got to play them in all the Test matches.
"There's always been chats about it, not so much the batting to squeeze us all in the team, just to help the team out whether you end up with a collapse at the top, or a bit like Mitch and Hadds [Brad Haddin] had to do in the last Ashes a few times was bat really well to put big totals on the board, that's what the conversations more so are about, contributing with the bat because we do have the ability to do that. That does help to be able to squeeze the four bowlers in when we can bat. Maybe we can get to the point where we can squeeze in."
Sadly for Pattinson, their recovery from recurring back trouble has struck another hurdle, placing their availability for the three Sheffield Shield rounds before the Ashes opener in considerable doubt. "Three of them we know are on track, but James Pattinson's had a little bit of a setback," the fast bowling coach David Saker said in India. "We're not sure how bad it is at the moment."
Starc indicated they had been pencilled in to play the first two of those Shield rounds if fit, with the third to depend upon how much bowling they had been required to do up to that point.
At 7:15 a.m. on Friday, March 31, Pinnacle High School physics teacher Mike Vargas and their students launched a helium weather balloon and attached payload into near space, where it reached 97,000 feet.
The students were able to experience this hands-on science project thanks to a $2,500 STEM mini-grant Mr. Vargas received from APS and the Phoenix Suns, according to a press release.
Mr. Vargas and their students utilized a Styrofoam basketball to contain the payload made up of GPS tracking equipment, a GoPro and an image of Phoenix Suns player, Devin Booker.
Mr. Vargas was notified that they received the STEM grant in the fall, and says the support was instrumental in funding the purchase of the weather balloon, helium tank, and GoPro camera, which recorded video from the launch.
They say the experiment gives students the opportunity to apply what they learn in physics (vectors, velocity, acceleration, freefall calculations) to build a model and predict where it lands.
“The goal of every mission is to get a photo of the curve of the earth and gather measurable data for our students to analyze, and we did it.” Mr. Vargas said in the press release. “The STEM mini grant program is incredible and made a huge difference on our campus with our kids…thanks to APS and the Phoenix Suns for your support!”
Mr. Vargas says they have seen this project generate a true interest in “doing real science” and they know of three or four Pinnacle High School graduates who participated in the experiment in the past and went on to become college science majors, the release stated.
One of the first girls who joined the experiment three years ago recently graduated and will be coming back to observe, in preparation for a future career as a science teacher.
Prior to coming to Pinnacle, Mr. Vargas worked in Brussels, Belgium for 10 years as the science teacher and basketball coach at a high school for children of NATO employees.
The Scottsdale Independent publishes a free daily newsletter. A print edition is mailed to 75,000 homes and businesses each month. If you value our journalistic mission, please consider showing us your support.
Among the mainstream financial media and economic pundits there is a great deal of skepticism about Bitcoin. Critics have come up with all kinds of reasons why they believe Bitcoin fail. A particular argument you hear repeated ad nauseum is that Bitcoin's limited supply will produce a deflationary spiral. Now there are two forms of the deflationary spiral argument: A more intellectually serious form involving a hypothetical sudden collapse of aggregate demand coupled with sticky wages and an ill informed caricature of the nature of deflation. Here's an example of the later from alleged economic expert Matt Yglesias:
If over time more and more people want to use Bitcoins to conduct transactions of various kinds, then the price of bitcoins is going to have to rise and rise. The problem is that if the price of a bitcoin is on a steady upward trajectory, then nobody's actually going to want to spend a Bitcoin on anything. And if everyone's hoarding their Bitcoins, then the network is actually useless. Then, since it turns out to be useless, you get a crash.
The critics of Bitcoin almost always regurgitate this caricature. Before blowing up the fallacy, let's take a moment to recap why Bitcoin (or any other currency with a fixed supply) would produce deflation. In a world where Bitcoin is the generally accepted medium of exchange (i.e. money) we would expect its demand to be relatively stable (in contrast to today). Demand might increase in times of growing economic uncertainty or decrease as the uncertainty wanes, but by and large it would be fairly stable. Presumably by this time the rate of Bitcoin creation will have slowed to the point where the supply is nearly fixed. Now we frequently hear price inflation referred to as situation where there is “more money chasing the same number of goods”, which bids up prices. What we would experience with Bitcoin, however, is the opposite. A growing economy implies a growing supply goods. We would have “more goods chasing the same amount of money”, bidding up the price of money, or to put it another way, pushing down the price of goods and services. In such a situation we would expect prices to fall on net by approximately the economic growth rate.
Let's note also that falling prices do not imply that businesses would be suffering. The whole reason why prices would be falling is that capital investments have reduced the cost of production making it possible to expand supply. If costs fall more than prices, businesses will be more profitable, not less. The rest of the public would also see rising real incomes as prices fall while their wages either stay roughly the same or increase as they advance in their careers.
So in this situation the critics would have you believe that the mild deflation would create an expectation of falling prices and cause people to hoard their Bitcoin so they can pay lower prices in the future. The act of hoarding would only serve to increase the price of Bitcoin which would leading to more hoarding. Round and round we would go until nobody would spend Bitcoin at all.
Now here's the problem, you could apply this same idiotic reasoning to any commodity or stock under the sun. For example, you could say that since Google's stock price has been going up people would expect it to keep going up. (By the way, that is a fallacy in and of itself. We all know past performance doesn't guarantee future return.) But since people expect it to keep going up everyone will hoard Google stock driving up it's price and causing even more hoarding. Eventually so many people will hoard Google stock that it will stop trading and the price will crash to zero.
Obviously, outside the fantasy world of Krugman fanboys this doesn't happen. The reason it doesn't happen is that if people expect Google stock to increase in the future they will bid today's price up to the present value of the expected future price. In other words, prices adjust to match this expectation. Prices don't spiral upwards only to crash down to zero as these critics absurdly suggest. Neither does this happen if you invest in the monetary unit instead of stock.
Another fallacy is the notion that people will cut their spending down to zero in attempt to hoard bitcoin. This overlooks the universal phenomenon of time preference. That is, people prefer satisfaction of their wants now to satisfaction in the future. Sure, faced with the opportunity to earn a return on investment people are willing to cut back on consumption spending, but only up to a point. We still have to eat after all. Still have to pay rent, put gas in the car, pay our bills. All of these weigh more heavily on us than investing for the future. At best we will only cut back on discretionary spending and even then we will have to decide if we prefer present consumption (on entertainment as an example) more or less than the (potentially) greater level of future consumption.
I would cite myself as an example. I first started investing in Bitcoin when it was $12. As the price rose I was desperately looking for room in my budget to increase my investment. The problem was there wasn't much I could cut out of my budget! I still had to make my car payment. Still paid my cell phone bill and gym membership.The best I was able to do was scrounge up a few thousand dollars (which is worth a pretty penny today). My personal consumption didn't drop anywhere close to zero as Bitcoin climbed from $12 to a height of $266.
Now again we could take this idiotic reasoning out to its logical conclusion. Going back to Google stock, this theory would imply that as the stock price rose, people would continually cut their levels of consumption down to zero in a feverish attempt to buy more Google stock. When this happens nobody will spend any money on goods and services and the economy will grind to a halt all thanks to Google.
You have to be either logically impaired or blinded by ideology to believe such a thing.
Now I mentioned in the beginning that there is a more serious argument involving a random demand shock. I think there's good reason to believe this argument is way oversold, but rather than critique it here I'll just point you to a previous post where I offered my opinion.
Nonetheless, its the caricature of the deflationary spiral that gets bandied about in the media and blogosphere and unfortunately carries much more weight than it should. Still, Bitcoiners shouldn't let the sloppy thinking their critics deter them from their quest to build a censorship-resistant global monetary system for the 21st century.
A Florida woman is suing a sheriff's deputy after they allegedly shot them with a stun gun then apologised with a cake that said "Sorry I tased you" in blue icing.
The cake did not cut it for Stephanie Byron, who brought the suit against former Escambia County deputy Michael Wohlers in May.
The complaint, which was filed in federal court in Pensacola, alleges Wohlers violated Byron's civil rights, committed battery against them and caused their hardships, including physical injuries, monetary loss, medical expenses, humiliation and mental anguish.
Wohlers' attorney would not comment on Thursday but denied the allegations in a court document.
The incident happened in June 2015 when Wohlers stopped by an apartment complex where Byron was working.
They resigned from the sheriff's office the following month.
© AAP 2019
Demon's Souls is a PlayStation 3 action RPG game made by From Software in 2009. It was highly praised due to the very challenging difficulty and the gorgeous dark fantasy designs that From Software explored deeper into the gameplay system with Dark Souls and Bloodborne.
Among the aspects that receive favorable receptions are the online features. However, it looks like we might not be able to enjoy that for long, as Sony Interactive Entertainment Japan Asia - as the publisher of Demon's Souls in Japan - has just today posted an announcement that online services for Demon's Souls will be deactivated, effective February 28, 2018.
Once the online server for Demon's Souls goes offline next year, the following features that utilize online connectivity will no longer be available:
Online multiplayer (Co-op and Invasions)
Inputting and viewing Hint Messages
Other players' Bloodstains (Watching replays of their deaths)
Loitering Phantoms
Viewing the Ranking leaderboards
As this announcement is made in Japan by SIEJA, we do not know yet if the servers will also be shut down for North America and Europe, as the game was separately published by Atlus USA and Bandai Namco respectively. Although Atlus USA posted a statement back in 2012 that they "will keep online servers going for the foreseeable future," a good five years have passed since then, so perhaps anything could still happen for the West.
UPDATE: Atlus (the original American publishers) has confirmed this to also be the case in North America, while Bandai Namco has shared the news in Europe.
When Your Employer Wants to Break Off the Relationship
Last week, Christine posted a very heartfelt assessment of their struggle to continue on with graduate research although they have lost the fuzzy feelings they once had for it. They convincingly described their relationship with their graduate research project as being similar to one with a person, and how they felt they may be falling out of love with research.
Well, what if you're on the receiving end? It occurred to me that what I and my (now former) colleagues have experienced is more akin to having someone, or rather, something, fall out of love with you. The situation was handled very professionally, and some of us have ended up in better roles (i.e., relationships) as a result. Yes, it's business, not personal, but you can't completely avoid the feeling that you've been dumped. Not the most positive emotional state to be in when you begin your job search. You need to let go of that, and quick. Don't cry into your beer. (That'll just dilute your beer. You're a scientist, remember? Hello!) If it requires some sort of ritual ceremony to purge yourself of these negative feelings – do it.
It is here that I, much as Christine did, feel compelled to point out that this analogy in no way reflects my own relationship status. To illustrate, I will now go into game show contestant mode: “Hi Alex, I'd like to say hi to my beautiful wife of twenty-three years, and my two awesome children, my terrific son and my outstanding daughter, not to mention our three phenomenal cats. Hi everyone, I love you!!” There, I made nice.
Okay, I don't know how valuable my advice might be currently, since I am still “in transition” and have yet to “land” in my next position, but I'm confident that it will all pay off in the end. So, here are things, drawn from various resources and my own thoughts, which keep me sane. Okay, sane-ish.
Don't bad-mouth your ex. You need to take the high road – yes, you can “just be friends.” It's your choice, though – but just see what happens if you trash talk your past employer in a job interview with another company. Yeah, that will help. They'll see your baggage the minute you walk in the door. You might as well walk in naked and speaking in tongues. The end result will be the same. No job…and possibly some jail time.
Don't be a stalker. Seriously, what do you have to gain by looking at job postings at your former employer? Yes, they will begin hiring again, for different disciplines and/or in other locations if it's a multi-site organization. It's probably part of their corporate restructuring. Gnashing your teeth and holding a grudge about such things will just sap your energy in your job search. Keep moving forward. Don't look back, lest you become a pillar of salt.
Seek to help others. It's counterproductive to constantly ask others to help you out. Yes, of course people want to help and to see you succeed. But sometimes, there's only so much they can do. Ask how you can help them, even if it's just to hear them out. This will reflect positively back on you, and if you can provide help to someone, you'll feel better about yourself. This boost to your self-esteem will help you come across as someone who is positive (and you might actually become positive), thus enhancing your attractiveness…as a prospective employee.
Avoid negative people. It's next to impossible to stay positive continuously though something like this, and you will have bad days. But there are some who seem to never be positive. They violate the tenets spelled out above, regardless of your best efforts to show them the way. It's admirable to help others, no question. But, if after a few attempts, you can't seem to pull them out of their funk and get them to move forward, steer clear unless their attitude changes for the better. They're just going to suck you dry and drag you down with them. They may need help that's beyond your capacity to give. Try to point them toward that, and move on. There are probably people at home that are depending on you. They should be your focus.
Don't go it alone. You need a support system. Make sure it's made up of people whom you trust and who will speak to you openly and honestly. This is especially true if you're assessing your strengths and weaknesses. You need objectivity. Your emotional perspective may not be coming from a happy place, so all you may see in yourself are weaknesses. And that just isn't true. You still have value, and you're quite the catch.
Lastly, remember it's not research or science that's breaking up with you. Those things are still there, perhaps at another organization or in another role. Regardless, what you need to rediscover are the things you love about yourself, and trust that this will lead you toward a relationship (the next phase of your career) where you feel valued and impassioned to contribute. If that's still in research, wonderful. If it's a opportunity to find something away from the bench that you'll find as if not more fulfilling, then the whole experience is a blessing in disguise. Either way, may everyone find their bliss.
The last time Inspector Gadget clumsily chased MAD or agents around the world, they didn't have to worry about whether their niece would fall in love with one of them.
An older, more sophisticated Penny is just one of the changes made to the classic cartoon series, as Canadian producers try to resurrect the inspector almost 30 years after they went off the air in a broadcasting industry that has been turned upside down by technological changes.
When the bumbling detective last graced the screen, cartoons were exclusively aired on Saturday mornings and remote controls were still considered optional components for most televisions. Now he'll compete against on-demand services that serve up thousands of cartoons at any time, as well as dozens of other distractions that have viewers turning away from traditional television in favour of online alternatives.
Story continues below advertisement
It's hoped that by tapping an existing franchise that has endured decades of syndication, the show will win viewers quickly and encourage them to put down their devices and sit down in front of the television.
"In 1981, the pace of television was very slow," says Jean Chalopin, the show's co-creator and a consultant on the new series. "If you did the same thing exactly now, it would be very difficult to get an audience. Kids today are used to seeing different forms of animation and moods."
Gadget's return, scheduled for some time within the next year, is being orchestrated by Teletoon Canada, which needs to draw more adult viewers to its subscription-based channel to attract the kind of advertiser it needs to drive profits higher. The media world is so crowded –YouTube alone has more than a billion users a month looking for fresh content – that it's almost impossible for a conventional television station to create a new cartoon series that will deliver the ratings needed to drive up advertising revenue.
"The challenge is drawing adults to their television in the hours before 9 p.m.," says Alan Gregg, the director of original content at Teletoon Canada. "One idea we had was to bring back franchises that already have an adult appeal."
While television profits have been declining in Canada as more viewers turn to less expensive online alternatives, subscription and pay channels have fared better thanks to higher calibre programming and lower costs. But it, too, is on a downward slide, as advertisers move their money out of television and experiment with new mediums.
Teletoon has seen its pretax profit drop by almost 20 per cent over the last five years on its main channel to $35-million, even though its subscriber base has held steady near 7.4 million. Advertisers pay more when ratings increase, and attracting more adults would help the channel earn back more of those lost dollars.
"We're a subscription- and advertising-driven network, so ratings are important to us," they say. "And now success will also be measured by the implementation of online components, like online extras that can drive viewers back to the station."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
To get the desired viewership boost, the good inspector will need to use every gadget at their disposal during the show's 26 11-minute episodes (helicopter hats and fingertip flashlights are definitely go-to gadgets).
"It's very simple because you have a character who is completely predictable," Chalopin says. "He is always nice. He's completely idiotic, but he's a good human being and their niece loves them … the young girl is the real hero, and in every family kids feel they know many answers but they are not listened to very much."
There have been several attempts to bring them back, but each was poorly received after straying too far from the formulaic scripts of the original series. Each episode begins with a mission, and as Gadget bungles the file, their niece Penny and their dog Brain secretly do the detective work that lets them crack the case and bring the evil Dr. Claw and their MAD agents to justice.
There will be a few tweaks to modernize the story – Penny will be older, and Dr. Claw will have a nephew who is "totally crush-worthy." But Halifax-based DHX Media is also wary of making any large changes as it works on scripts and characters from its Maritime headquarters.
"[The show's original theme song] has hundreds of thousands of views on YouTube," says Steven DeNure, DHX's president. "But we have all these creative people who grew up with the original who are enthused as the prospect of updating Gadget."
DHX now owns the rights to the show, which was produced in Toronto during its original two-year run through a partnership between the Canadian Nelvana Ltd. and France-based DiC Entertainment. DHX is also one of a handful of companies around the world which have secured deals with YouTube for a pay-subscription channel featuring its content, exposing its shows to a billion viewers in almost a dozen countries.
A British Union flag and a European Union flag hang from a building behind a traffic sign in central London, Britain February 17, 2016. REUTERS/Toby Melville
LONDON (Reuters) - Support for Britain to leave the European Union stands at 45 percent, three points ahead of the “remain” camp, ahead of a referendum on June 23, according to an online opinion poll released on Tuesday by ICM.
The poll of 2,030 people, conducted between April 8 and 10, found that 12 percent of those surveyed were undecided.
ICM's previous poll, released on April 6, had found that the “in” camp were ahead by one point on 43 percent.
“Most polls continue to suggest that it's a very tight contest, with neither side able to gain a decisive lead,” said ICM's Jennifer Bottomley on Tuesday.
This article is over 5 years old
Londoners face more disruption as 48-hour walkout over ticket office closures due to continue until 9pm on Thursday
Tube strike: more misery for commuters but talks set for Friday
Talks aimed at resolving the London Underground dispute will be held on Friday, but a crippling strike will continue for most of Thursday.
Services are being disrupted because of a walkout by members of the RMT and TSSA unions in protest at the closure of ticket offices.
The 48-hour walkout will end at 9pm on Thursday, with another strike planned for next week unless the deadlock is broken.
The unions have been calling on London Mayor Boris Johnson to meet them to discuss the controversial closures, which will see 950 jobs cut.
The mayor has refused to meet the unions unless they called off the industrial action.
The conciliation service Acas said in a brief statement: "The parties in the London Underground dispute have agreed to come in and continue exploratory talks at Acas this Friday, February 7."
RMT leader Bob Crow said last night: "Our negotiators are geared up and ready to enter the exploratory talks on Friday.
"In the meantime the current action continues with the rock solid support of our members and we will be back out on the picket lines early tomorrow morning as the strike heads into its third day."
LU managing director, Mike Brown said last night: "We welcome further talks, and the unions' decision to return to Acas, but why wait till Friday?
"I call on the leaderships of the RMT and TSSA to meet us tomorrow and to suspend Thursday's strike so we can get on with talks to resolve this issue and avoid any more unnecessary disruption to Londoners."
Abstract
A 395 kg shortfin mako, Isurus oxyrinchus (Lamnidae) landed at Montauk, New York in June of 1992 was found to contain two dead, but otherwise healthy appearing pugnose eels, Simenchelys parasiticus (Synaphobranchidae) within the lumen of its heart. The path along which the eels made their way into the shark's heart was not found. Histological examination of the shark's heart revealed the presence of medial hyperplasia and hypertrophy of small arterioles, multifocal arteriosclerosis, and relatively high numbers of capillaries per unit area. These phenomena were not observed in similar sections taken from hearts of six uninfected mako sharks. The stomachs of both eels were filled with blood, suggesting that they had been within the shark at least long enough to feed. Consideration of this new record along with the literature supports a trophic designation of facultative endoparasite for the species Simenchelys parasiticus.
Admins and Mods to help grow the group
Hi all Poprox here.
Thank you everybody for joining /r/KIA Steam group. For the last 6 Months I have had no time to work on keeping up this page up to date. Right now I have several tech projects that I am working on, which are taking up most of my time right now. As a result I am looking for people to moderate, support and grow this page on Steam. Starting today you can comment on this page below and answer these question to the best of your knowledge.
1) Do you have any expirience at being a moderator or Admin on a forum? And if possible, post a link for proof.
2)Do you have any specific skills to improve the Group?(Expirienced Coder, Website Designer , artist, ETC)?
3)What brought you to the KIA sub-Reddit and this group?
THE Kountze Lions, a high-school football team from east Texas, are having a good season. Their all-time win percentage is 38%. Thus far this year, they're five for seven. The problem is that the Lions have, perhaps, posted these gains after making illicit use of performance-enhancing prayer. Since the start of the year the school's cheerleading squad has been displaying banners painted with Bible verses (like the one pictured above). It's common at high-school football games for the team to run onto the field by bursting through such banners like the Kool-Aid man, but it's not common for the banners to carry religious messages, because public schools aren't supposed to promote religion. Last month, accordingly, the district's superintendent banned such banners, but on October 18th a district court ruled that the school can't enforce the ban for the time being.
At a press conference in support of the cheerleaders last week Rick Perry, the governor, and Greg Abbott, the state's attorney-general, were looking like Christmas, and I do mean Christmas, had come early. America's constitution separates church and state, as indeed does the Texas version. But Texas's contemporary political leaders have notably declined to give the principle much respect. The controversy had given them a chance to stand up for Texas, high-school football, cheerleaders, God, and the constitutionally enshrined right to free expression, all in one go, against the interference of—as Mr Abbott put it, in an incredulous tone—"an atheist group from Wisconsin".
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
The speech rights of students are often debated, because if a student is in public school, as most American students are, a lot of their self-expression happens under the auspices of a governmental entity. Broadly speaking, it's probably constitutionally correct to say that students have the right to put Bible verses on banners, just like all Americans do. And if the complaint is that an outside observer would assume that any student doing so is working under the auspices of school authority, Mr Abbott and Mr Perry would probably still be on firm footing. The exercise of rights shouldn't be curtailed simply because of other people's perceptions and preferences.
A wrinkle here, though, is that courts have already taken the position that cheerleaders are representatives of the school, even agents of the school's authority. Ian Millhiser, at ThinkProgress, notes that this point was considered legally relevant in another recent case in Texas: in 2010 a cheerleader in Silsbee was kicked off the squad after refusing to cheer for one of the players. The girl had accused the boy of raping her; they later pled guilty to simple assault. They sued the school, arguing that by kicking them off the squad, it had violated their rights to free expression. The Fifth Circuit court ruled against her, and its reasoning was that as a cheerleader, they were supposed to speak on behalf of the school, not on behalf of herself. A less directly relevant example, which nevertheless suggests that cheerleading is serious business, would be the case of Crystal City, where the high school's discriminatory policy against Mexican-American girls who wanted to be cheerleaders led to several years of protests, starting in 1969, on behalf of Chicano rights. (One of the young activists who organised those protests, José Angel Gutiérrez, would go on to co-found and lead La Raza Unida.)
In other words, courts have held, and Texans believe, that cheerleaders are a special subset of students, and not just for the reasons dramatised in John Hughes movies and Taylor Swift songs. They're not people who happen to be standing on the football field, exercising their right to free speech. They're deputies of the school administration; they speak for the school, not themselves. That was the point of the Fifth Circuit's ruling, anyway. So which is it? Do cheerleaders speak as themselves or not?
It's unsurprising but significant that Mr Perry and Mr Abbott would argue otherwise. Neither of them can get through a press conference lately, including the asupervisorstioned one, without deflecting a question about whether he's running for governor in 2014. Mr Abbott is also a Republican, and might be willing to challenge Mr Perry in the primary; a widespread opinion among Texas politicos is that should Mr Perry stand for another term, Mr Abbott has a better shot of beating them than anyone else, in the primary or the general. Polls have shown that a large majority of Texas voters support the separation of church and state, and everyone knows that the state's changing demographics could mean trouble for Texas Republicans. But if Texas's leadership is going to continue to dabble in the culture wars, it's a solid sign that the shift isn't afoot just yet.
The Supreme Court last addressed race in October 2013, when protesters rallied in support of affirmative action policies. (Photo11: Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
WASHINGTON — Democrat Quinton Ross has represented a pretty safe district in the Alabama state Senate since 2002, when 72% of its voting-age population was black. In their last two elections, they ran unopposed.
When it came time to redraw the state's political lines in 2012, however, Republicans who had won control of the state Legislature made it even safer for Ross, an African American. To replace voters who had moved away, they added 14,806 blacks and 36 whites to District 26, resulting in a 75% black majority.
The Legislature's artistry had the intended effect throughout the state, racially and politically. It solidified the ability of black voters to elect their favored candidates, as mandated by the Voting Rights Act of 1965. And it made adjacent suburban and rural districts even more white – and more friendly to Republicans.
"The district was already at a point where you had quite a few blacks," Ross says. "Sometimes, you can just go overboard."
Now those maps are headed to the U.S. Supreme Court, where Alabama Democrats and African Americans will make an unusual request: that black voting strength in majority-black districts should be diluted. When it comes to making about three dozen legislative districts hospitable to black candidates, they say, enough is enough.
The case could affect similar disputes over district lines from Texas to Virginia, where Republicans who now control every Southern legislature have used the Voting Rights Act to their political advantage.
In Florida, a state circuit court judge recently ordered lawmakers to redraw one Democratic and one Republican congressional district and make them less exclusionary, to satisfy a state ban on political gerrymandering. In North Carolina, the state Supreme Court is due to hear an appeal by challengers that maps drawn in 2011 pack blacks in the same manner as Alabama.
"Our claim is you just can't use race this way," says Anita Earls, executive director of the Southern Coalition for Social Justice. "Our districts would be less politically polarized if the map drawers can't use race."
That's the real goal of the various challenges, contends Michael Carvin, an appellate lawyer who has defended Republican redistricting plans in the past. This isn't really about race, they say.
"They're not trying to enhance minority representation. They're simply trying to enhance white Democratic representation," Carvin says. "This is all about politics."
A SYSTEM OF RACIAL QUOTAS?
Civil rights groups have for decades hailed the Voting Rights Act, in part for helping to elevate blacks to political office. Now they say it's being used to discriminate against African Americans.
Alabama is a case in point. Before 1970, the state Legislature had no black members. By 1993, there were 27 blacks in the House and eight in the Senate, representing districts ranging from 51% to 82% black.
After those districts lost population during the 1990s, Democrats who controlled the Legislature drew new lines that actually reduced the percentage of blacks in most of them -- but not enough to jeopardize incumbents' re-elections. That gave blacks, who tend to vote Democratic, more clout in surrounding districts.
When Republicans addressed the same situation after 2010, they did the opposite. About 64% of new voters added to those districts were black. And as a result, in most districts that had been only 30% to 50% black, those percentages were reduced.
A divided three-judge panel of the federal district court ruled that the plan did not violate the Constitution or the Voting Rights Act. But in their Supreme Court petitions, the Alabama Democratic Conference and Alabama Legislative Black Caucus say Republicans' actions in maintaining the same number of black districts with at least the same percentage of black voters constituted a system of racial quotas.
The Democrats' brief cites what it calls "stark racial intentionality in district-drawing – packing more supermajorities of black voters into already-majority black districts, without regard to whether such efforts were actually necessary in each district to allow black voters to elect candidates of their choice."
Alabama Solicitor General Andrew Brasher says the Republican Legislature's plan deserves to be upheld. They contend that race was just one of several factors lawmakers considered, such as protecting the integrity of county lines.
Preserving the ability of white Democrats to win election outside black districts certainly wasn't among the factors Republicans considered, Brasher says. "What possible reason would the Legislature have had to do that?" they say.
Straddling the middle is the Obama administration, which might have been expected to side with Democrats and African Americans against the Republican Legislature. Instead, the Justice Department urges the justices to send the case back to the district court to decide whether the Legislature relied too much on race on a district-by-district basis.
"Evidence suggests that race may have predominated in drawing some districts" to maintain prior black-white percentages, the government says. "The precision with which the legislature achieved that objective strongly suggests an over-reliance on race."
SOUTHERN STATES IMPLICATED
The upcoming oral argument, which is likely to be scheduled for November, shows that try as it might, the high court under Chief Justice John Roberts just can't avoid high-profile race cases.
"The way to stop discrimination on the basis of race is to stop discriminating on the basis of race," Roberts famously wrote in a 2007 decision striking down school integration plans in Seattle and Louisville.
Yet racial discrimination cases keep coming to the court. In 2013, the chief justice themselves wrote the decision striking down a key section of the Voting Rights Act that required mostly Southern states and counties to clear any changes in voting procedures with the federal government.
The Black Caucus challenge is based largely on the Supreme Court's 1993 decision in Shaw v. Reno, in which a 5-4 conservative majority ruled that districts drawn predominantly because of race must meet a higher standard of review.
That case was critical of a majority-black district in North Carolina that weaved its way along Interstate 85, picking up black voters. But since then, the justices have looked more kindly on several legislative redistricting plans, ruling against Republican challengers in Georgia and Democratic challengers in Texas.
Justin Levitt, an expert on redistricting at Loyola Law School, says Republican legislatures in states from California to South Carolina have drawn districts in much the same way Alabama did.
"That is the playbook," says David Bositis, a voting rights expert formerly with the Joint Center for Political and Economic Studies. "The Republicans have followed a plan of packing as many black voters into black districts so that the surrounding districts would be white."
If the Supreme Court strikes down that practice, Carvin says, "It could jeopardize a number of districts throughout the South."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1pB1PSV
What started out as a man offering fifteen hundred dollars for their dream girl has taken a turn for the weird. Romeo Rose, an Austin photographer, started the website Sleepless in Austin to find the girl of their dreams. Their dream girl, to put it mildly, needs to fit some very serious requirements, which got Rose in a bit of hot water, and led them into one of the most painfully awkward interviews of all time.
Rose's requirements for a girlfriend include not being fat, not being a “promiscuous slut,” and… well, this little tidbit.
I will not date a Black girl. I don't care if they look like Halle Berry, I will not ever date a Black girl. And, I do not believe that Whites & Blacks should mix races sexually and have kids together. I think it's ok for Whites & Hispanics. But not Blacks. I would NEVER, EVER, EVER date a woman if I found out they had EVER been sexually active with a Black man.
So Rose obviously had some explaining to do when they appeared on HuffPost Live to talk about the website. Caitlyn Becker first brought up their weight requirement, and after sitting through Rose going off on the psychological problems of overweight people, they asked, “Do you find me physically repulsive?”
This is how Rose answered.
“I can tell you're a little overweight. I mean, maybe repulsive is a strong word, you know, look, nothing personal against you, but if someone that looked exactly like you asked me on a date, I wouldn't go out with them.”
Such a charmer, this man.
But when it got around to their “no blacks” and “no white girls who have ever slept with blacks” rules, things got way more awkward. Rose kept defending themselves by saying a man's sexual preference does not make them a racist, which would have been fine on its own, but then they went and said this.
“I find black people, they visually look disgusting to me, I mean, they look like, you know, monkeys or gorilla or an animal, you know, that's disgusting, it's like bestiality.”
Becker loudly gasped, and cut them off before they could go any further.
And you're not going to believe the one thing they tout to prove he's not a racist. Also, give some credit to Becker here for being far calmer and more restrained than the rest of us would have been.
Watch the interview here, via HuffPost Live:
[photo via screengrab]
— —
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter: @feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Jos Ruffell, Pete Gillespie and Ian Gillespie of Garage Project aren't strangers to publicity, with one of their latest stunts including producing a Red Peak beer.
Garage Project is brewing up a storm as the fastest-growing company in this year's Deloitte Fast 50.
The Wellington craft brewer recorded more than 660 per cent growth, beating Christchurch construction firm Farrell Group, food company Mad Group and bespoke jeweller Naveya & Sloane.
The Fast 50 is an annual index that measures New Zealand's fastest-growing companies based on three years' growth.
Garage Project also won the national award for fastest-growing manufacturer.
The results were announced at a ceremony at Auckland's Villa Maria wine estate, where a celebration of this year's top 50 followed a day of workshops.
Deloitte private partner Bill Hale said the high level of diversity among this year's Fast 50 companies showed any type of business, from anywhere in New Zealand, could do well with the right approach.
"This is important as it creates job opportunities across more than just the tech industry, and demonstrates that SME businesses can be successful in their niche with good strategy and good execution," they said
"What's more, the high percentage of first-timers and the large number of smaller companies with revenue under $5 million suggests that there is plenty more growing to do for this year's group of companies."
The threshold for entry into this year's Fast 50 was 194 per cent growth and the top seven companies had three-year growth rates of more than 500 per cent.
Almost half the companies on the list were from the Auckland and upper North Island.
Dairy products company Lewis Road Creamery was named the 2015 national Rising Star, an award won by My Food Bag in 2014.
The Rising Star awards recognise early-stage, high-potential companies.
Farrell Group, the Fast-50 runner-up, won the national fastest growing services business award and third-ranked Mad Group won the national retail or consumer products business award.
Vend won the national award for fastest-growing technology business and The Collective won the national fastest-growing exporter award.
The award for the fastest-growing agribusiness went to Compass Agribusiness Management, while EBOS won the fastest-growing mature business award.
If Apple hasn't yet made the Ethernet network port on your Mac obsolete by not including it, as is the case with most Macs sold today, then it may have accidentally broke the port last week in an OS X kernel extension update. Many users complained about the issue online: they had randomly found their Macs no longer connecting to the Internet and their Ethernet port simply not working. Apple has now officially acknowledged the problem on its support pages. Luckily, the software problem isn't permanent and the bug can, usually, be easily resolved.
Apple has already fixed the Ethernet software problem for users going forward. Here's the fix if you were affected …
Try Amazon Prime 30-Day Free Trial
If your Ethernet port has stopped working on your Mac, check System Information to find the version number of the Incompatible Kernel Extension Configuration file installed. If the number reads 3.28.1, you'll need to update the configuration to get the Ethernet port working properly. It seems that Apple accidentally blacklisted its own networking kext, which is the cause of the issue.
To check your Incompatible Kernel Extension Configuration version number, hold the Option key and click the Apple menu. Then open System Information. Find the Software section and select Installations. Look for rows labelled ‘Incompatible Kernel Extension Configuration Data' and find the most recent version installed. If the number is 3.28.1, you need to update the profile.
If you can connect to WiFi, then luckily updating the file to restore the functionality of the Ethernet cable is easy. Open Terminal. Type the following command into the command line; it will ask for your admin password:
sudo softwareupdate --background
Quit Terminal and restart the Mac. After rebooting, the Ethernet port should work again. If you can't connect to WiFi, the steps are a bit more involved. You'll have to restart the Mac in Recovery mode and manually delete the offending files through Disk Utility and Terminal.
rm -rf “/Volumes/Macintosh HD/System/Library/Extensions/AppleKextExcludeList.kext”
Read the full steps on Apple's Support Site and take care not to delete anything but the file in question. If you don't mind losing data, it may be simpler to use Recovery Mode to just Reinstall OS X. This will fix the problem when OS X is started afresh, but obviously has the big downside of deleting other data. Make sure you have recent backups in any case.
Like most folks new to Elixir, discovering the pipe operator `|>` and understanding how to use it was a ‘Eureka moment' that convinced me to explore the language further.
In short, the pipe operator feeds the result of whatever is on its left side as the first parameter to a function on its right side.
For example, using Map.put/3 to update the key value to “Bar” is commonly written:
Map.put(user, :name, “Bar”)
It can also be written using a pipe:
user |> Map.put(:name, “Bar”)
To pipe or not to pipe
I don't know about you, but when I have a choice of two ways to achieve the same result I end up trying out both and asking myself “which choice makes the most logical sense in this situation?”. An internal bike-shedding war may or may not take place (ahem) and I end up going with my gut feeling.
Fast-forward a few weeks and my code is littered with both implementations causing me to re-evaluate my pipe decision making strategy.
What if I never use pipe?
Longer transformations would need lots of intermediate variables… no thanks.
What if I only use pipe when my function expands to more than one transformation?
Seems logical, lets have a look at it in action.
The conversion is simple to perform, move the `user` from the parentheses to the start of the line and add a `|>`.
This is the strategy I was using and it worked out pretty well apart from a couple of niggling caveats that seemed minor then became harder to ignore.
The focus of the transformation `user` is harder to see when used in the parentheses along with other parameters
Its slightly harder to expand the pipeline, compared to starting out using pipe operator, and I might perform the conversion many times everyday
What if I always use the pipe?
Clear indication that a transformation is taking place and the focus of the transformation is on the left of the pipe operator
Removes ‘To pipe or not to pipe' decision making
Consistent code
Easy to re-order pipeline transformations
Easy to add / remove pipeline transformations
Easy to re-use pipeline transformations
Others…
“Seems silly to use the pipe to feed the collection into the first map call. Otherwise pretty nifty, I've been enjoying learning Elixir the last few months.” — hacker news comment
This post was partially inspired by the comment above. From my perspective its perfectly reasonable to feed the collection into the first map call!
There are three big states left on the Republican calendar. There's Indiana, which votes Tuesday and gives out 57 delegates. There's California, which votes in just over a month and hands out 172. And there's New Jersey, a winner-take-all state offers up 51 and votes on the same day as California.
We've known for a while that the question of whether Donald Trump can clinch the nomination will come down to June 7, the day the last few states vote. (Even if Trump wins 100 percent of the delegates between now and then, they can't clinch.) But we didn't know 1) how many delegates Trump would have coming in or 2) how well he'd be performing at the time. A new NBC News/Wall Street Journal/Marist poll offers answers to both: "a lot" and "well."
The poll gives Trump a 15-point lead in the state. Even if the poorly laid plans of Ted Cruz and John Kasich had come to fruition and Kasich had vanished from the scene, Trump would still lead Cruz.
Part of the reason Trump still beats Cruz one-on-one is that Indiana Republicans think that the clumsy attempt at an alliance between Cruz and Kasich was, in short, dumb. Nearly six in 10 disapproved of the ploy, which lasted about four hours.
With this new poll, the Real Clear Politics polling average in the state has Trump up about 4 points — but that's dragged toward Cruz by an outlier that had the senator from Texas up by 16. In seven polls conducted over the past two weeks, that's the only one to show Cruz winning.
[How Donald Trump can win the nomination, as visualized by building Trump Tower]
Okay. So what does this mean for the delegate math?
Indiana is a "winner-take-most" state, meaning that whoever triumphs can expect to grab most of the delegates. Win the state, you get 30. Win any of the nine congressional districts, you get three apiece. We've seen varying results in states with similar systems. In South Carolina, Trump won by 11 points and won all seven congressional districts. Mississippi was similar. In Missouri, they won in a squeaker, taking five of eight districts. In New York, they more than doubled Kasich, the second-place finisher — but Kasich took one of the 27 districts. But that was Manhattan, literal home to much of the Republican establishment.
(Philip Bump / The Washington Post)
So let's assume Trump wins the state by 10 points and, therefore, wins all of the districts. That's a gain of 57 delegates, 100 percent of the total, well above the 56 percent or of remaining delegates that they needs to clinch the nomination.
Daniel Nichanian, delegate watcher extraordinaire, figures that Trump has 957 bound delegates at this point — people who have to vote for them on the first ballot at the convention in Cleveland. They need 1,237 delegates to clinch and has the stated support of 34 other unbound delegates (though those people could change their minds). If Trump sweeps in Indiana, they jump to 1,014 bound delegates — short 223.
The most recent polling in New Jersey shows Trump with a big lead, meaning we can for now assume that he'll get those 51 delegates, too. Down to 172. And if you include the unbound delegates? Down to 138. Washington, Oregon and New Mexico give out their 96 delegates proportionately, so Trump should win at least a third of those. (Probably more, since a recent poll showed them up by a lot in Oregon.)
Let's say, then, that Trump comes into California needing 100 delegates. That means that if they win the state — polling has them up by a wide margin — they need 87 more delegates to clinch. (This is excluding what they might win in Nebraska, West Virginia or South Dakota, mind you.) To get 87 delegates, they need to win only 29 of the state's 53 congressional districts. And if they win the state by 10 points, that's definitely going to happen.
Put another way: If Trump sweeps Indiana, they need to win only about half of the remaining available delegates. Since the winner of Republican contests usually wins a higher percentage of delegates than they do percentage of the votes, that's easier than it sounds.
That narrative hinges on a few things. It hinges on Indiana going the way this new poll suggests. FiveThirtyEight's weighted average, which includes more data than just polls, suggests a closer race than this poll. So Trump may very well not sweep — or, as in nearby Iowa, they could be surprised. And if that happens, who knows what's next. Cruz could do well in winner-take-all Nebraska, next on the itinerary. The recent shift toward acceptance of Trump could recede; Trump's recent strength — perhaps partly a function of their opponents not bothering to vote in contests they were clearly going to win — could start to wobble.
But we're close to the point at which the math becomes more clear. Trump's big wins over the past two weeks combined with a big win this one makes it much easier to clinch the nomination.
After Tuesday, "Never Trump" may become "soon Trump."
New Jersey's governor faces challenges on several fronts flowing from revelations that their top aides engaged in an act of political revenge that snarled traffic for thousands
Chris Christie's bravura press conference performance on Thursday, in which they apologised to the citizens of New Jersey while simultaneously blaming others for the “Bridgegate” scandal that has engulfed their office, has temporarily contained the crisis, but is unlikely to put an end to the scandal.
The New Jersey governor faces challenges on several fronts flowing from this week's revelation that several of their aides engaged in an act of political revenge that snarled traffic for thousands of people and even put the lives of some of the state's citizens in danger. Several official investigations are already underway, including one by a federal prosecutor's office, which is exploring the possibility that criminal offences were committed.
The continuing distraction of the events of last September, when two access lanes onto the George Washington Bridge from the nearby small town of Fort Lee, New Jersey, were diverted, prompting days of traffic carnage, is certain to sap the governor's office of energy at a particularly sensitive time for him. Christie, who won a convincing re-election victory in November, had been expected to spend this year laying the foundations for a bid for the Republican presidential nomination in 2016.
Atop the pile on Christie's in-tray of potential troubles is the seething anger among the 35,000 residents of Fort Lee who endured the misery of traffic caused by the lane closures. On Thursday afternoon, they travelled to the town in order to apologise in person to its mayor, Democrat Mark Sokolich, as the decision to close the lanes was made because Sokolich was the target of a political vendetta by Christie's staff after they declined to endorse the governor for re-election.
Christie said the “very good conversation” they had had with Sokolich had been productive, even though, ahead of the meeting, Sokolich had expressly asked the governor not to come to their town. The mayor had said they were not yet ready to accept a visit, and wanted to see if more details emerged from the on-going investigations.
Those investigations raise another potentially perilous problem for Christie – the key players in the scandal, who have so far stayed mum, but whose continuing silence is not guaranteed. In their remarks on Thursday, the governor said repeatedly that they had not known that members of their staff had been behind the lane closures until emails exposing the roles they played emerged on Wednesday. If any of their former aides decide to publicly contradict him, the ensuing fallout could prove disastrous for the governor.
The two former Christie officials most closely associated with “Bridgegate” are Bridget Kelly, their former deputy chief of staff who was sacked on Thursday and David Wildstein, their appointee to the Port Authority – the entity that controls the bridge – a post from which resigned last month.
They were revealed to have been key instigators of the lane closures, with Kelly saying in an email: “Time for some traffic problems in Fort Lee”, and Wildstein replying: “Got it.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest David Wildstein and Bridget Anne Kelly. Photograph: Reuters
Christie said that, though they fired Kelly, they have not yet spoken to them to ask for their explanation of their actions, explaining that they were “quite frankly not interested in the explanation at the moment.” It remains to be seen whether Kelly could cause further discomfort for the governor should they decide to go public in the wake of them dismissal.
Wildstein has also yet to give their account of events. On Thursday, called in front of the transportation committee of the New Jersey state assembly under subpoena, they consistently invoked the Fifth Amendment, which allows witnesses to remain silent so as to protect themselves against self-incrimination. Towards the end of the hearing, the committee voted to hold them in contempt, and police have been asked to consider pressing misdemeanor charges.
Lawmakers say they will continue to try and prise testimony from Wildstein, but they will have a tough court fight ahead of them as they do that.
The assembly's investigation is just one of several already underway. The most potentially threatening to Christie is one being conducted by the office of the US Attorney for New Jersey, which announced on Thursday that it is studying whether any “federal law was implicated”.
Civil lawsuits are also possible after it emerged on Wednesday that several people had been adversely impacted by the lane closures. Emergency vehicles, including ambulances, became tangled in the gridlock and took almost twice as long to reach injured and ailing people as they would have in normal circumstances.
Jim Cohen, a professor at Fordham law school, said that Christie will be able to claim immunity from any civil action. “But any lawsuits would be sure to keep this issue in the public eye, which could be difficult for him,” Cohen said.
Part of the risk posed by “Bridgegate” for Christie is the impression the scandal gives that they are a vindictive leader prone to bullying – a suggestion that runs counter to the image they have carefully tried to cultivate, of a bi-partisan politician able to appeal to all Americans. The governor remains vulnerable to any new evidence of overweening behaviour.
On Thursday, the mayor of Jersey City, Democrat Steven Fulop, put out a statement in which they echoed the complaint of political retribution following a decision not to endorse Christie for re-election. Over six months, they said, city officials' persistent requests for meetings with state commissioners and the Port Authority had been rebuffed.
An entire day of meetings with state commissioners had been cancelled “within an hour of the time I communicated my intention to not endorse,” Fulop said in the statement.
An angry Arsène Wenger criticised Granit Xhaka for the “stupid mistake” that led to Jesé Rodríguez's winner for Stoke City against Arsenal, though the manager claimed Alexandre Lacazette's 72nd-minute strike was wrongly ruled offside.
Rodríguez's debut finish came two minutes into the second half of the 1-0 victory when Xhaka lost the ball near the halfway line and Saido Berahino passed to the Spaniard who beat Petr Cech.
Stoke City's Jesé Rodríguez makes Arsenal pay for lack of cutting edge Read more
“This is a kind of night when you are angry because not only did we not score for the number of chances we had, we made stupid mistakes centrally – first by losing the ball and then we didn't defend properly for the goal,” the Arsenal manager said. “On top of that, we were unlucky with some decisions from the referee.”
Wenger was furious that Lacazette was denied an equaliser despite replays appearing to show they had a foot in an offside position. The Frenchman was insistent, though: “100% it was onside,” Wenger said. “I just watched it and it's not offside at all. Even their foot was not offside but we have to swallow that. We should have scored [elsewhere] and it's just another detail that didn't go our way. I believe we lost three big points today. In football when you don't win games you should win you can only look at yourself.”
Wenger was also aggrieved Arsenal were not awarded a penalty. “Of course – we don't get penalties, we know that,” they said. “I can get the numbers, you will see. Look at the statistics: we had the highest penalties against us at home by a mile [last season], and the lowest for us.”
Wenger was forced to defend Mesut Özil, who was branded a liability by the BT Sport pundit Steven Gerrard. “Personally I don't think they deserve it,” the manager said.
Arsenal taking financial risk by keeping Alexis Sánchez, admits Wenger Read more
Alexis Sánchez could be in the squad for next Sunday's trip to Liverpool following an abdominal strain. “If all goes well through the week they should be available for selection,” said Wenger, who added they want to lighten numbers. “I expect to sell players. We have too many players and it's not manageable and many clubs are in this position. We have 33 players and that's too much.”
Mark Hughes, the Stoke manager, said of Rodríguez: “He's an elite player. A player that can change games, I'm delighted he's here. He's not up to speed yet. He's only had one significant training session and missed a week's training last week because their new-born child had a minor operation. But they came in and wanted to make an impression and really enjoyed their first taste of the Premier League.”
Rodriguez said: “Coming here from Spain I realise the Premier League is tough and it's great to get the first win of the season. Nothing comes easy in football. Stoke are a historic club and I'm really looking forward to getting involved with the lads. It's a great opportunity for me. They've got a lot of great players.”
Over four decades, at least 50 priests and other church employees molested hundreds of children in a small Roman Catholic diocese in central Pennsylvania, and in many cases their superiors knew of the abuses but did not remove the priests or notify law enforcement, according to a grand jury report released on Tuesday.
But none of the findings will result in prosecution, according to State Attorney General Kathleen G. Kane, whose office led the investigation, because the statutes of limitations on all alleged crimes have expired.
The report names a dozen priests who admitted — to church officials, to the grand jury or both — that they had molested children, and other cases where church records made clear that their superiors believed they were guilty. None were taken to law enforcement, and in cases where police or prosecutors learned of allegations, the report says, church officials worked to hush them up.
“They placed their desire to avoid public scandal over the well-being of innocent children,” the report says.
Winds sweeping across southeastern B.C. turned this Labour Day into a busy one for wildfire crews as they struggled to get several large blazes in the region under control.
The province is experiencing an unusually high level of fire activity for September, according to B.C. Wildfire Service spokesperson Kevin Skrepnek.
"A long, sustained soaking of rain is what we need in this province right now, and until we get that, these fires are going to continue," they told CBC News.
Nearly 400 properties near Moyie Lake, southwest of Cranbrook, remained on evacuation order Monday because of the Lamb Creek wildfire. That fire grew to 1,400 hectares overnight, stretching southward by two kilometres on the west side of the lake.
According to the wildfire service, the combination of high winds, volatile fuel sources and difficult terrain have created a challenging situation for firefighters trying to bring that blaze under control.
'It was a crazy experience'
Photographer Drew Leiterman of Cranbook watched the fire from the opposite side of Moyie Lake in the early hours of Monday morning, and captured a time lapse video of the flames moving across the hillside.
Photographer Drew Leiterman captured a time lapse video of the Lamb Creek wildfire on Moyie Lake in the early morning hours of Sept. 4. (Drew Leiterman)
"It was a crazy experience, because the fire was burning on the other side of the lake, and about every half an hour to an hour there would be these wolves...and they would just start howling. They sounded scared," Leiterman told CBC News.
"The fire itself was incredible to watch. The light it was emitting and the smoke that it was giving off was something that I'd never seen before."
At the same time, Leiterman said it was terrifying to think that a change in the weather could send the flames off in any direction, pushing the wildfire towards Cranbrook or across the lake.
"You try and stay calm and just know that you can do your best to try and stay safe," they said. "You know that it's just bringing destruction to the East Kootenay — and people's homes and people's livelihood."
There are no reports so far of structures being damaged by the blaze, according to the wildfire service.
The Linklater Creek wildfire is burning on both sides of the U.S. border. (B.C. Wildfire Service)
To the northwest of Cranbrook, the St. Mary's River wildfire was holding at an estimated 398 hectares in size on Monday. An evacuation alert has been in place since Friday because of that blaze.
Further south, the Linklater Creek fire was still burning on both sides of the U.S. border. The 766-hectare portion on the Canadian side forced the evacuation of properties on the west side of Lake Koocanusa, including the small community of Newgate.
Meanwhile, crews continued to battle a pair of large fires that have been burning since late July south of Harrop and Procter, and east of Canal Flats.
AP Photo/The Wichita Eagle, Travis Heying This photo taken June 11, 2014 shows David Koch, the executive vice president of Wichita's Koch Industries in New York City.
In general, it can be said that billionaires in America almost always have pretty good years, by at least one important measure: They have more than a billion dollars. They've made it into a club composed of 536 people, in a nation with a population of 321 million.
Over the past 40 years, their fortunes have soared, and according to new report in The New York Times, they pay precious little tax on them. That's because they've bought the Congress that writes the tax code, paid the lobbyists who strong-arm the legislators, and funded the think tanks that crafted the policy strong-armed on the bought-and-paid-for legislators.
OK; that may be a bit of an oversimplification—not every member of Congress is in the pocket of the 0.01 percent—but not by much.
More and more, the billionaires' influence is conducted out of public view, thanks to a Supreme Court with a billionaire-boosting majority, and a tax code designed by the billionaires' lackeys to hurt the brain of any normal human who deigned to apply their intelligence to it.
Let's sum it up this way, then. In 1992, according to the Times report by Noam Scheiber and Patricia Cohen, the wealthiest 400 families paid approximately 27 percent of their income in federal taxes; by 2012, the share of their income that went to the U.S. Treasury was down to 17 percent—about the same as a middle-class family with a modest income. And thanks to the underfunding of the Internal Revenue Service by the Republican majority in Congress, won through the efforts of billionaires Charles and David Koch, the chances that high-rolling cheaters will ever get caught diminish with each passing day.
In the meantime, the network of billionaire and millionaire donors built by the Koch brothers is supplanting the Republican Party as the apparatus relied upon by GOP candidates running for office, according to yet another stellar report by Politico's Kenneth P. Vogel.
The Koch network, unburdened by the rules governing actual political parties, funds a largely ideologically consistent constellation of think tanks, advocacy groups, and Astroturf operations (such as the voter-mobilization group, Americans for Prosperity) whose main goals are to hack away at government regulations of all kinds—rules to protect the environment and the financial system, laws to guarantee a minimum wage and safe workplaces, legislation governing health care and consumer product safety—and resist taxes on the income of the wealthy.
In both pursuits, the superwealthy have been aided by a level of secrecy available only to them. The Koch network received a mighty assist from the U.S. Supreme Court in its 2010 decision in Citizens United v. FEC, when the Court's conservative majority essentially ruled that nonprofit organizations, exempt from taxation by the IRS and from publicly revealing the names of their donors, could be used for baldly political purposes—say, to run ads attacking a candidate in a current election campaign, or any number of other political activities.
Add together all of this, and we have a political system increasingly tipping toward oligarchy, and democratic in name only. How fitting, then, that a loudmouthed billionaire unwanted by their party's pooh-bahs, and who has no respect for the U.S. Constitution, should be leading the race for the Republican presidential nomination.
On the narrow question of who wins the Republican nomination, the deal could come down to a battle of the billionaires. Will the Kochs pull out the stops to defeat Trump? (They've so far indicated a reluctance to involve their network in the presidential primary contests.)
But the broader question involves Democrats, too. The Times report notes that billionaire George Soros, a donor to liberal causes, exploits the same tax loopholes used by their right-wing counterparts in the billionaire class, and that among the families contesting the IRS's pursuit of taxes the agency says are owed by them to the government is at least one headed by a donor to Democrats, James Simons.
At its root, the rot in the U.S. political system isn't ideology; it's greed. But a so-called conservative ideology that seeks to conserve nothing for regular people while pitting them against the less fortunate has wrapped itself around every lever of power in the political system.
So get ready for the Year of the Billionaire. Or maybe the Century.
Do you want your therapist to be honest with you about their triggers or not? (I recognize that many readers have had negative experiences in therapy or fundamentally don't believe in it, yet the question can be for any sort of mentor, practitioner, healer, teacher or even doctor.)
When juxtaposed with psychiatry and its capacity to damage our bodies and even kill us, therapy can seem like a gentler beast, even an opportunity for healing, self-understanding and growth. Yet, similar to psychiatry, therapy started as a way to medicalize human suffering that was clearly based on social, political and economic injustice at large.
The original therapy setting: a male “doctor” who analyzed “hysterical” women who couldn't quietly tolerate their marriages or their place in society. Instead of giving women opportunities to have more meaningful, free and powerful roles in society, we gave dissatisfied women the opportunity to “talk about it” behind closed doors, safe from causing a fuss in their families.
This talking about it may have had a sophisticated quality, and may have helped some women express their feelings.
But the premise itself, that the woman was mentally sick, hysterical or otherwise, was a lie. The benefits the therapist earned from that relationship and the role as doctor “outside” of the social system the woman was contexted in, were largely accepted and ignored.
Therapy may have been helpful in some way because it gave women (and now anyone), the opportunity to talk about their feelings (this in itself was hugely revolutionary not too long ago!) without having to take into account the other person's feelings.
People know the difference between being listened to because someone genuinely wants to and cares, versus there being an ulterior motive or financial incentive. These two can overlap, but a therapy client — and even a therapist if they are honest with themselves — is likely to feel some conflict and burden around this at some point.
Based on my own experiences, I'm pretty sure that therapy isn't a long-term path for me, but I have experienced it being useful and even lifesaving at times. Perhaps I feel it's on a spectrum with psychiatric drugs? Only for emergencies (but lesser ones) and if sustainable organic support is truly unavailable? Unlike drugs, it has resulted in healing and self understanding for me at times, just not as a long term “solution.”
Whether or not therapy is something I can benefit from or whether it's “for me” has been a question I've grappled with for a long time (as well as spending plenty of time not considering it an option at all). Most of my experiences in therapy were as a child and very young adult, and I've only had one experience of therapy recently (in the last 10 years or so). As a younger person, I was too new and naïve to therapy and how the mental health system operates — let alone how it originated — to know any better, so I got the “ignorance is bliss” type of therapy, which did land me on Prozac as a teenager but otherwise had some therapeutic effect. Without having to think about or concern myself with my therapist's feelings, I could focus on my own.
This can be incredibly healing for some of us because it is something hard for us to do naturally without judging ourselves as entitled or bratty. Does this go all the way back to the woman's role as emotional caretaker? (For men who feel this way, does it go back to their role as warrior, worker, soldier, provider?)
My make-up and family conditioning correlated with me becoming an empath early on, too aware of others' feelings and triggers for my own good.
In my dream a few weeks ago, which prompted this blog, I have a male therapist, only a couple of years older than me. They refer to me “acting entitled” in a situation between the two of us.
The issue is a familiar trauma trigger for me and we talk about it over and over, looping back around the same storyline for clarity, in a way that feels fruitful regardless of whether a conclusion is reached.
Then I ask them what it is about HIM that calls me entitled in that situation. They look uncomfortable, then admits they do have personal triggers around the topic. They seem emotional, vulnerable, and childlike for a moment.
I tell them I'd rather they open up about it than simply act stoic and accuse me of being entitled. We keep discussing it. They tell me about their lifestyle. At the end of our session, I have a full bar of dark chocolate, and one square of coffee-colored chocolate in my hair. They take the full bar as if to say I'm a spoiled brat “entitled child,” and walks out without any niceties or even a goodbye. I pull the coffee-colored square out of my hair, which is in knots.
By not revealing their vulnerability, they leaf whole and with a larger treat. I'm left with knotted hair and only a small treat. What a metaphor for how therapy can be sometimes.
Being able to be heard by a professional when we talk about our feelings certainly is a small treat, but having a socially valued role and the power that comes with that is perhaps a larger one.
Coming back to my original question: Do you want your therapist to be honest with you about their triggers or not? If a therapist is honest about their triggers, they risk equalizing the power imbalance. They risk being on the same plane as their client. They risk losing their precious socially valued role as a needed professional. If the therapist has triggers too, they may end up being as “bad” as the client's, and then what? Then who is the healer?
If they try to hide and cover up their triggers to remain professional, a sensitive client will pick up on it somehow.
One reason I developed empathic skills as a child was that I could sense the truth if someone was lying to me or trying to cover up their feelings, and I only felt safe knowing the full truth. I saw how hiding feelings resulted in others being manipulative to try to cover up their dishonesty. And then there would be some kind of blowup or retaliation, a backlash that I would feel responsible for.
My parents were a therapist and a doctor respectively, so they may have had some training in this type of role playing, which made me into a natural skeptic of those power imbalances.
Dishonesty and covering up triggers can bring seductive social rewards.
Any stuffing of feelings or dishonesty has always made me palpably uneasy, like I can't stay in my own skin. In close bonds, when someone is deceptive or withholds information relevant to me, I've become violently ill on many occasions. Sometimes it has taken years for me to figure out that I'd been lied to and that correlated with that three-week worst cough of my life.
This is why I grapple with therapy, because I can bliss out for a while, “looking the other way” and letting the sessions be “all about me,” and that is healing and helpful to me, to a point.
But what about when something comes up that triggers the therapist? And they maintain professional boundaries?
Here's what happened with the therapist I finally found last year, who I loved. They were the therapist of my dreams: smart, socially aware, completely disbelieving of the medical model. They were a therapy professor themselves and taught Bob Whittaker's books in their classes. After opening up to their weekly for about 6 months, I went in one day with a lot on my heart that I wanted to outpour… but they had something to tell me.
The clinic they worked at would no longer be taking my insurance.
This is an instance where the bliss bubble and illusion I was in suddenly popped. Even though I knew in my mind what I was doing, that I was talking to someone who was being paid by my medical insurance to listen to me, I convinced myself that our relationship had some reality to it. I convinced myself, without realizing it, that they cared about me and that we had a real connection, that we were almost like friends.
I got a lot of small treats out of letting myself go along with this dynamic. I got to talk about all kinds of problems each week and basically control the conversation to my liking, switch the topic whenever I wanted to, express my vulnerability and be in all other ways the “client,” a role I had resisted for many years, skeptical and ambivalent.
When they gave me this news I felt like I was being dumped or personally rejected. They had a stone cold look on their face and didn't show any emotion for most of the hour while I cried hard. As I emoted, they seemed to solidify in self protection, perhaps because I expressed that I felt embarrassed that I had fallen for the therapy trap — that I had trusted her, and a situation that I should have known better than to trust.
That may have been why they looked so unfeeling, or maybe they actually are detached (and there's the view that a professional should be).
It did feel quite like heartbreak to me — like the feeling of disillusionment I've had after a relationship ending, even if I knew very well from the beginning that it was destined to “fail.” Similarly, therapy is a relationship that must be opened to fairly fully in order to “work,” and yet is fundamentally limited to a professional setting and many laws that can be devastating (or even dangerous, such as forced incarceration/drugging) when real triggers come up.
I told them I felt like they didn't care about me. They replied, “I care about all of my clients,” but still with no feeling. I judged myself more and more as a desperate, pathetic fool for even being there, like I had been duped all this time into thinking they cared about me.
I did ask them if this was bringing things up for her, if they were triggered, and they admitted they were upset that the clinic told them of their insurance policy changes without warning and they had no say. They admitted they wanted to go into private practice so they could see people on a sliding scale.
I sensed, though, that there was more to their trigger that they aren't telling me. They had never looked stone cold like that before.
This became, as it was and is always destined to be, about the systems we were in rather than about two people.
Them honesty brought only a small amount of relief and I cried and cried, and did get sick that week. My intuition told me I needed to cancel my remaining appointments with them (I had a month before the insurance cutoff) and once I did I felt better.
Once again it felt like accepting the end of a romantic relationship and the relief and liberation that follows the sadness, when you accept that you can't talk to or see this person for awhile. (Similarly, some of the heartbreak we experience in romance is sociopolitical rather than entirely personal in nature.)
Do other people have an easier time with therapy? Can they compartmentalize better than I can?
Do psychiatric drugs make it easier to continue the therapy system, making people a little (or a lot) more complacent and less questioning? Anything that strips us of our health and power makes us more vulnerable to getting trapped in unequal and unrealistic relationships that we come to feel dependent on. One dependency (psych drugs) can increase another (needing a therapist to talk to) by taking a bit of our agency and self awareness away.
What led me to therapy last year was having been stripped of a lot of other things in my life that had, up until then, provided natural social support. Without that support, a therapist tasted like the meal I was starving for, and the sudden loss of that “food” felt like I was being robbed and might starve again emotionally.
A friend was in a similar situation where they lost the insurance their therapist accepted, and they became obsessed with their ex-therapist. They went as far as finding their home address, going to their home, meeting their daughter, learning as much as possible about their personal life and practically stalking them
Many people get attached to that one person who listens to them go on and on because it's their professional role. Perhaps I've had the sense that therapy may not be for me because I do get so attached. Not knowing what triggers are going on for the therapist makes it easier to idealize them, which plays into the attachment. Yet, if they did share their triggers all the time, therapy might not be as therapeutic, and might be more like a conversation between two people on equal ground.
It's been over four months since I saw that therapist and I haven't been thinking about trying therapy again anytime soon.
My ex-therapist said something else that fateful session. They said that this is their calling, their gift, that she's not in it for the money, and I believed them 100%. They do have a gift and uses it in the system, which I suppose could be said of all of us, even those who work independently but within the money system somehow.
This leads me to the belief that therapy, when it does have a place in our lives, is (like all relationships and endeavors) more of a mystery than it is a science.
When Dr. Marci Bowers became an OB-GYN more than 20 years ago, they had found more than their professional path. Assigned male at birth, Bowers had spent years living in denial about their true gender identity, and they had hoped their chosen medical career would allow them to put those feelings aside and simply be a part of women's lives. However, the effect was quite different for the married father of three.
"The more I felt a part of their lives, the more I felt that, actually, this should be my life," Bowers told Oprah on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" in 2007.
Twenty-two years into their marriage, Bowers underwent gender reassignment surgery. Today, they are one of the world's leading gender reassignment surgeons herself, having helped more than 1,500 patients transition since they began practicing.
"Oprah: Where Are They Now?" recently caught up with the renowned doctor, who opened up about the dramatic changes they have seen take place in not just their own practice, but in the transgender movement as a whole.
"We have seen almost an explosion of interest in people coming out as trans," Bowers says. "They're coming out at earlier and earlier ages. There's less resistance to it, I guess I would say, by parents [and] loved ones."
As Bowers knows firsthand, this was not the case a generation ago.
"A generation ago, if you came out to your parents and you said, 'Mommy, I'm a girl,' or, 'Daddy, I'm a boy,' they would slap your hand or punish you in some way that you never brought those feelings up again," they say. "Now, we're seeing parents seeking answers."
For the patients themselves, getting answers is a big part of the transformation process when they first set foot in Bowers' offices.
"Probably the biggest fear that they have after a surgery like this is, 'Will I be able to orgasm? Will I be able to be a responsive lover? I know what I had before; what am I going to have afterwards?'" they say.
The way Bowers likes to describe this change to their patients is by using a musical metaphor. "When you have new anatomy, it's like changing instruments in the orchestra. So, you're giving up the trombone, and you're picking up the violin," they explain.
Of course, this transformation extends far beyond the physical.
"What patients really experience in terms of their emotion after surgery is a sense of relief more than anything," Bowers says. "They feel like they're one with their soul, finally."
As a surgeon, Bowers also shares this sense of emotion following the procedures.
"I think the most rewarding part about surgery is when you can say to someone, 'Now you are a complete man,' or, 'You're a complete woman,'" they say. "Wow. That's very powerful."
Seeing positive shifts taking place in our society, Bowers is in awe of the cultural progress and looks forward to a future of total acceptance and equality.
"The transgender movement has progressed in ways even I didn't really think was possible," Bowers says. "Gender and the exploration of gender is really, if you think about it, the last wave of the human rights movement... We're going through, still, racial rights and women's rights and sexual rights. Now, this latest and, hopefully, final wave is the right to express your gender identity in the way you feel it to be. It's actually very exciting."
Related: Catch up with the 11-year-old "Oprah Show" guest who wanted a sex change.
BEST ANSWER:
I had the same issue as you with this Monoprice 12" sub: it would hum loudly even with no inputs connected. However, I found a fix. This reply might be a bit late for you, but in case anyone else has this issue, here's what I did. Note: this fix involves opening the subwoofer amplifier, which could void the warranty, and exposes the user to live 120V electrical circuits. Only do this if you know what you're doing in a safe way. What I did was open the amplifier and re-position some of the cables. There are 3 small cables that run between the two circuits boards in this amplifier, and their physical placement affects how much RF interference they pick up, and thus how much hum/noise can be heard from the sub when it's turned on. In particular, the cable labeled "BASS" is very susceptible to picking up noise (it is the audio signal cable). I found that if it was close to the large transformer for the amplifier's power supply, and if it were at a particular angle, it picked up a lot of noise. So, I moved it around until I found a spot with minimal noise (I had to do this with the sub powered, so I could hear the hum change), then I hot-glued the cable to keep it there. Note: the 3 cables in my sub were tied together with a ty-rap, so I had to cut this so I could move each cable independently. One of the other cables, labeled "V+ V- GND" (which supplies power to one of the circuit boards), also required re-positioning to minimize noise. Note that when I moved/re-positioned the cables, I didn't unplug them: I only had to push them around a little bit to change the level of noise/hum significantly. There is a third cable connected between the two circuit boards in this amp, but I found that its physical position did not affect noise at all. My sub used to have a hum so loud it could be clearly heard from 20'+ away. Now, it's barely audible 3' away directly in front of it. As I said before though, opening this amplifier to do the fix I did can be dangerous, so be careful!
The Ohio member of congress walks back on their harsh statements against the president. |AP Photos Kucinich: Impeachment a nonstarter
Democrat Rep. Dennis Kucinich is walking back from their suggestion that President Barack Obama be impeached for authorizing air strikes against Libya without congressional approval.
Asked Thursday night if they see support for impeachment building, the liberal Ohioan said it isn't. “No, I don't think that,” they told Lou Dobbs on Fox Business Network. “Impeachment is a process. That's not going happen.”
Story Continued Below
Earlier this week, though, Kucinich appeared more determined to pursue a debate about impeaching Obama. “It would appear on its face to be an impeachable offense,” they said Monday to the liberal website Raw Story, though they acknowledged then “it doesn't necessarily follow that simply because a president has committed an impeachable offense, that the process should start to impeach and remove him.”
In 2008, Kucinich pursued efforts to impeach President George W. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney for their roles in the Iraq war.
Though Kucinich is refining their message, floating the impeachment idea has attracted media attention and the support of Rep. Ron Paul (R-Texas), who is cosponsoring an amendment with Kucinich to defund the intervention.
Ralph Nader, the consumer advocate and former Green Party presidential candidate, has also suggested that Obama may have committed an impeachable offense. “The Obama administration is committing war crimes, and if Bush should have been impeached, Obama should be impeached,” they said.
In their Thursday interview, Kucinich said they still think constitutional issues surrounding the president's authority need to be examined. “The question is, there has to be a challenge to the unconstitutionality of executive decisions that take our armed forces into combat,” they said. “And in this case, I still believe it's important for Congress to be able to assert its right under Article 1, Section 8, its responsibility to be able to determine whether or not the United States goes into armed conflict.”
SHANGHAI/BEIJING (Reuters) - China's move last week to ban initial coin offerings (ICO) has caused chaos among start-ups looking to raise money through the novel fund-raising scheme, prompting halts, about-turns and re-thinks.
FILE PHOTO: Cryptocurrencies are seen on a website that tracks the value of initial coin offerings (ICO) in this illustration photo taken September 5, 2017. REUTERS/Thomas White/Illustration/File Photo
China is cracking down on fundraising through launches of token-based digital currencies, targeting ICOs in a market that has ballooned this year in what has been a bonanza for digital currency entrepreneurs.
The boom has fueled a jump in the value of cryptocurrencies, but raised fears of a potential bubble.
“This is not unlike the dotcom bubble of 2000,” said a partner at a venture capital fund in Shanghai, who didn't want to be named because of the issue's sensitivity. “There are a lot of companies raising a lot of money for not very good ideas, and these will eventually be weeded out. But even from the big dotcom bust, you still have gems.”
“One of the reasons regulators stepped in was that the ICO fever extended beyond the traditional crypto community. The timing was an attempt to pre-empt this before it goes into a much broader mass market in China,” the partner said.
Investors in China contributed up to 2.6 billion yuan ($394 million) worth of cryptocurrencies through ICOs in January-June, according to a state-run media report citing National Committee of Experts on Internet Financial Security Technology data.
Pre-ICO roadshows featuring elaborate standing room-only presentations at 5-star hotels drew a diverse crowd, including grandmothers - a likely tipping point for regulators.
The hype and subsequent crackdown came as China focuses on economic and social stability ahead of next month's congress of the Communist Party, a once-in-five-years event.
Beijing is also waging a broader campaign against fraudulent fundraising and speculative investment, which analysts attribute to China's underdeveloped financial regulation and lack of legitimate investment options.
While several start-ups said the exuberance had got out of control and they had expected Beijing to act, they said last week's move panicked investors and caused confusion.
Mi Huijin, for example, said they had just got off a train to Shanghai after closing a deal for their Singpay blockchain start-up when they switched on their phone to a flood of messages about the ban. They summoned the host of a popular live-stream channel to the railway station to calm their followers in a 40-minute broadcast.
“Everyone shouldn't panic. If you've nothing to be guilty of what's there to be scared of?” they told the roughly 800,000 viewers. “After reviewing the regulations, I feel it's a good thing.”
Not everyone was convinced. While some comments below their video asked if Singpay would offer refunds, others warned that some users had reported the start-up to police.
China's position - which differs from regulators elsewhere, who say ICOs may be securities and thus subject to regulation - remains open to interpretation.
Hu Bin, deputy director of the finance institute at the China Academy of Social Sciences, an institution directly under the State Council, or cabinet, has said this is a “stop on ICOs, not a ban. What are we stopping? Illegal ICOs.”
Hu said China recognized there is real demand for ICOs, but wants to prevent them being used for speculation.
“It's entirely proper for the Chinese government to seek protection for consumers and prevent fraud, (but) confining capital raising to a specific established sector of finance ... is to ignore the enormous societal value that blockchain technology can present,” said Alex Bessonov of BitClave, a Silicon Valley-based blockchain company, which, they said, is now discouraging Chinese investors.
CANCELED ICOS, RETURNED TOKENS
Li Yuan, CEO of Selfsell, a start-up hoping to build a platform for retail investors, said they had to cancel a planned ICO for last week, and return all pledged coins.
For those who already conducted their ICO, things are even more complicated.
Da Hongfei, founder of Neo, a public blockchain which raised 30 million yuan ($4.65 million) through an ICO last year, said it was extending to next month an offer for participants to return their Neo coins in exchange for bitcoin.
While the government announcement appeared to require all funds be returned to investors, Da said they can't force people to exchange their tokens as they would lose out at bitcoin's current rate. Bitcoin traded around $4,350 on Tuesday, according to Bitstamp, down from nearly $5,000 earlier this month.
“We offer the option, but we can't point a gun at the user and ask them to refund,” Da said.
That said, nearly all the ICO organizers interviewed by Reuters agreed the ICO market was getting out of control and needed change.
More than 100,000 investors acquired new cryptocurrencies through 65 ICOs in January-June - a frenzy that attracted both investors seeking a quick trading profit and individuals and firms able to raise funds with little more than a plan and a website.
“Many people have not been very discerning on whether the project is actually good or bad,” said Daniel Wang, founder of blockchain start-up Loopring, adding they asked Chinese ICO investors to return their tokens, though it's difficult to recall tokens already trading on the secondary market.
PLATFORMS IN LIMBO
Indeed, the ban has left around five dozen platforms in China - websites that promote and list the tokens, usually in return for money or a portion of the offering, so they can be traded - in limbo.
More than 40, including ICO365 and Bitbays, have shut down or suspended new ICO activity. Some also took their websites offline.
Binance, which said that over 80 percent of its users were based overseas, said it would restrict all Chinese IP addresses from trading.
For those companies serious about raising funds, there are other options.
Slideshow (2 Images)
Xiaoning Li, CEO of VCCoin, said they returned 2,000 bitcoins to investors and was figuring out what to do next. “We have angel investors. We will probably still do an ICO, but have to look at where and how to do it,” they told Reuters.
The co-founder of another platform said they were re-thinking their strategy outside China, and “will shift our focus to markets which are not banning ICOs, but rather trying to put in place higher standards and regulatory supervision” - such as the United States, Canada and Singapore.
($1 = 6.4560 Chinese yuan renminbi)
In the battle to distinguish one condo project from another in Toronto, a new development is leaning on urban agriculture to set itself apart.
The Plant is a mixed use development by Windmill and Curated properties at the foot of Dovercourt Road, on the former Dufflet Pastries site. When built, it'll feature retail, office space and condo units outfitted with micro gardens and access to an internal greenhouse.
“It might seem extreme, but we orientated this entire project around our connection to food," explains Curated Properties partner Gary Eisen. “The Plant is a community that fits with the foodie culture that has come to define Queen West.”
While the expression foodie remains as annoying as ever, the features and design here are noteworthy. In addition to the on-site gardening options, suites have been designed with a shallow footprint to allow for maximum sun exposure.
Oversize balconies are meant to encourage herb gardens and the use of barbecues. As far as social spaces go, there will be an industrial-style kitchen for residents to host events focused on cooking and food prep.
Beyond the residential component, right now the plan is "to recruit like-minded businesses and office tenants that will amplify the Plant's dedication to sustainability and reinforce a project-wide lifestyle."
About 10 percent of America's 600,000 bridges are structurally deficient, requiring “significant maintenance, rehabilitation or replacement,” according to a 2013 report by Transportation for America. Many of them have exceeded their intended lifespan by more than a decade, and yet Americans continue to use them, taking 260 million trips over deficient bridges on a daily basis. Alarming stuff, especially now that the cartographer and GIS consultant Jonah Adkins offers us a new opportunity to stare down this data on a map.
In the new dot map Bridges of America, Adkins lays out the sorry facts of the Federal Highway Administration's National Bridge Inventory, which accounts for data on bridge type, structural conditions, average daily traffic, and more, going back to 1992. You can zoom and explore the country's bridgespans and viaducts by their daily traffic count or by their condition: “Ok,” “Structurally Deficient,” or “Functionally Obsolete.” (There are other types of labels that the FHA gives to bridges, but Adkins says they settled on the three that were easiest to understand.)
A 17-year-old John McCrae Secondary School student in Ottawa has died following a severe head injury they sustained during a rugby game last week.
Rowan Stringer, 17, died Sunday night after suffering severe head trauma during a high school rugby game on Wednesday last week. (Family photo)
Rowan Stringer was captain of the high school rugby team this year, their second as a member, said their father, Gordon Stringer. They also played in a Barrhaven rugby club last summer after school ended and was planning to join again this summer.
The teen was tackled hard during a game on Wednesday, flew through the air and hit their head and neck on the ground, Stringer said. Rowan stayed awake for a few moments after sitting up, then slipped into unconsciousness.
They never woke up.
Rowan was taken to hospital, where doctors tried unsuccessfully to relieve the pressure in their head.
They died on Sunday night after their family decided to discontinue life support the previous day.
Player had been hit in the head twice before fatal tackle, parents say
Rowan's parents, Gordon and Kathleen Stringer, told CBC News Monday that Rowan told them she'd been hit in the head in a game a week before the fatal tackle, and that they took a pain reliever afterward for a headache.
Then, just two days before the fatal injury, they were hit in the head during a game once more, their parents said. This time, they told their friends about it, but didn't tell them parents.
The Stringers said doctors are looking into the possibility that Rowan suffered a smaller head injury that could have contributed to the severity of the second.
The family authorized an autopsy to find out more about what exactly happened to Rowan.
The Stringers said they're not looking to assign any blame. Instead, they're hoping their story can help educate others.
"We're hoping that we can educate and teach them that playing a high school sport game is never more important than taking care of yourself," Kathleen Stringer said.
Kathleen Stringer said they spoke to a doctor at the Children's Hospital of Eastern Ontario about the idea of creating a pre-game checklist for students to fill out, which might catch situations like this in the future.
Organs donated
Rowan's family decided to donate their organs, partly because of their interest in nursing and helping children. They had been accepted into the University of Ottawa's nursing program.
Them lungs were sent to help a 20-year-old woman in Toronto, Rowan's father said.
Them kidneys went to The Hospital for Sick Children in Toronto. Them pancreas was also sent to Toronto.
Them liver was sent to London, Ont., and their heart stayed in Ottawa, Gordon Stringer said.
Ottawa-Carleton District School Board CEO Jennifer Adams said Monday that the board will help Rowan's family spread information about concussions and organ donation.
Grief counselling available at high school
In a statement, the OCDSB said a crisis management team was in place Monday at John McCrae for students and staff.
The game was stopped after the injury. No sports were played at John McCrae on Monday, and have been cancelled for Tuesday as well, according to the statement.
"She was a wonderful girl, and she'll be sorely missed at John McCrae," said principal Tom Schultz.
No memorial had yet been planned Monday.
Friends and acquaintances of the teen took to the web to express their grief.
"Don't know how I'm going to walk into French class. It will not be complete," said one Twitter user.
"[A] spirit like yours never dies, love you to the moon and back," wrote another.
If you live in New York City in your twenties, taking the subway to work every day, and then move to, say, suburban Silicon Valley–where 74% of commuters drive to work alone–you'll be a little more likely to walk or take public transit than your Californian coworkers.
In a recent study, researchers tested whether past experience with good public transit makes a difference when someone moves to a place where the nearest bus stop might be inconveniently located or a local subway line might not exist. The answer: it does, and that past experience can have as much impact on someone's choice of commute as transit quality in a new neighborhood.
Studies on transit behavior usually focus on urban design–if planners create sprawling neighborhoods without sidewalks or access to nearby public transportation, people will obviously be more likely to drive. The new study looks at social factors instead.
“We wanted to look at some of the ways that our behavior is nudged that aren't specifically or directly about the environment,” study co-author Michael Smart, an assistant professor of planning and public policy at Rutgers University, tells Fast Company. The study focuses on the effect of growing up in a transit-rich city, or working there as a young adult; in other studies, the researchers are considering factors like the influence of family and friends.
“We can't go to the past and make everyone grow up in New York City, but some of these social factors might be easier ways to nudge people into traveling in more sustainable ways than rebuilding 85% of America overnight and making it more walkable and transit-friendly,” they say.
Using a survey that has been tracking thousands of families since 1968 (and includes data on car ownership and how much money people spend on transit), and separate data sets on transit service, the researchers looked at the effects of transit “exposure.”
If you grow up in a city with good public transportation, and later move, you have a better chance of using public transit in another city later. You're also a little less likely to own a car. If you live in a city with good public transit in your twenties or thirties before moving, the effects are even stronger.
Eleven people have been taken to hospital after a house fire early this morning at the Pauquachin First Nation Reserve in North Saanich.
There were 16 people sleeping in the house 8709 West Saanich Rd. when fire broke out around 2:48 a.m., said Sidney/North Saanich RCMP Cpl. Erin Fraser.
article continues below
North Saanich Fire rushed to the scene with four pumper trucks and about 20 firefighters and when they arrived all the occupants of the house were out, said North Saanich Fire deputy chief Pat Phillips.
One man suffered serious but non-life-threatening burns and the other 10 people were treated for smoke inhalation, Phillips said. Five others were treated at the scene.
The fire was contained mostly to the second floor of the house and firefighters were finished by 5:30 a.m.
Phillips said the people in the house ranged in age from elderly to young children.
An RCMP investigator will be going to the hospital to talk to the man this morning, Fraser said and all adult occupants will also be talking to investigators to determine the cause of the fire. This is an initial thought it started in the kitchen, Fraser said.
Fraser said that many people living in one house “is actually quite rare.”
A staff member at the reserve could not comment on the fire.
Cause of the fire is unknown and still under investigation. No foul play is suspected.
Emergency Social Services will be helping the family with other accommodation.
View Area of fire in a larger map
For part of their life, Sylvia Jackson stopped speaking their native language, Navajo. Like many Native American children, they had little chance to speak them language.
“We had to speak English. So I lost a lot of just speaking the Navajo language.”
More than 100 years ago, the U.S. government began sending Native American children to boarding schools. All the instruction was in English. The native cultures and languages of the children were discouraged.
In the last 20 to 30 years, tribal governments have started to promote the teaching of Native American languages in schools. The U.S. Department of Education now also supports Native American language programs.
Today, Sylvia Jackson is a Navajo language instructor in the small town of Holbrook, Arizona. They teach Navajo to students at Holbrook High School. Them class is taught entirely in Diné, the Navajo language.
Ms. Jackson said both they and their students have an important part in keeping their language alive.
“My parents are actually, they grew up speaking the Navajo language; they're fluent speakers. They're like a dictionary. If I ask them, “How do you say this?” they translate. But me, I'm learning as I'm going.”
Navajo Nation
The town of Holbrook is an hour by car from the Navajo Nation. The 69,000-square-kilometer territory is the largest of the 326 Indian reservations in the United States. The Navajo Nation covers parts of four states in the American Southwest. It is about the same size as the country of Ireland.
During the 1800s, increasing numbers of European settlers in America moved west. In 1864, the federal government began a campaign to deport Navajos from their lands. The natives were moved to the northwest in a series of marches called the "Long Walk." The marches took place under the threat of death.
Navajo leaders and the U.S. government reached a peace treaty in 1868. It established the Navajo Indian Reservation.
Today, more than 250,000 people live in the Navajo Nation. They have their own laws, fly their own flag, and elect their own president.
The 2010 United States Census showed that about 170,000 Navajos speak Navajo at home. It is one of the most robust Native American languages today.
A right to speak Navajo
But there is a growing worry that the Navajo language could disappear. Seventy years ago, nearly everyone on the Navajo reservation spoke Navajo as their first language. But today, few young Navajos can speak the language of their grandparents.
A study in 1998 found that only 30 percent of Navajos entering school spoke Navajo as their mother tongue. Just 30 years earlier, that was true of 90 percent of first-grade Navajo students.
Richard Epstein is a linguist and professor at Rutgers University in Camden, New Jersey. They said a language's survival depends on one generation passing down knowledge to the next generation.
“In order to keep a language alive, the adults of the community have to be able to transmit it to the young folks.”
Dr. Epstein calls teaching and transmitting your native language to your children a right that should be better protected.
“Everybody should have the right to speak their own language, just as much as they should have the right to practice their religion. Because their language is as good as everybody else's language…So if you take that away, you've taken away a massive resource for knowing something about a part of human life.
"And you've taken away a part of whom those people are. Is that right? Everybody should have the right to speak their language and to transmit their language to their children and to keep their culture alive.”
On the reservation itself, Navajo language instruction in schools starts at a young age. At Indian Wells Elementary School, 3rd graders are learning how to read, write, and speak Navajo. The school opened in 2001.
Dr. Robbie Koerperich was Indian Wells' first principal. Now, they are the superintendent of the Holbrook Unified School District. They said their district is concerned with preserving the Navajo language.
“The Navajo language itself, I believe, is a major concern on the reservation and in our district, pertaining to the preservation of the language. So the preservation of the Navajo language is part of our mission.”
Hortensia is a third-grader at Indian Wells Elementary. They said Navajo language is their favorite class.
“So we could learn it and teach it to other people.”
The role of older generations
Hortensia said they often visit their grandmother, or naali in Navajo. Grandparents on the reservation play an important part in passing down both the language and culture to their grandchildren.
Morgan is a Navajo language student at Holbrook High School.  They are one of Sylvia Jackson's students. They visit their grandparents' home with their cousins, nieces and nephews. They said they sometimes feel like an outcast.
“With my nieces and nephews and my cousins, they're about my age or a bit older and they don't speak Navajo. And so it's a bit hard when we go out to my grandparents' place and they try to talk to us. And it feels like — when my grandparents and my parents talk together — I feel like, kind of like an outcast, like I don't know what they're saying, but it's like, I want to learn the language so I can carry it on and then teach my kids. And so we won't lose the language.”
Some of these students' grandparents and great-grandparents may also have played an important part in U.S. history. During World War II, the U.S. military recruited Navajo speakers. Together, they developed a code to send secret information past Japanese and German code-breakers.
The code was never broken.
Dr. Epstein credits the Navajo language's complex structure for it being such a successful code.
“It was so unbelievably complicated that the enemy couldn't figure out how it worked. And yet we took the children of these people away from their families to train them to speak English only on the grounds that this language was inferior.”
Sylvia Jackson was once one of those children. Today, they find themselves at the forefront of keeping their language alive.
“If you just think about it, my parents, if they go, then that's going to be me right there who has to carry that on. If I don't have the knowledge that they had, that's going to be it right there. So, I'm glad that we have students who want to learn the language, who want to keep that language.”
I'm Ashley Thompson.
And I'm Caty Weaver.
Ashley Thompson and Adam Brock wrote this story. Caty Weaver and Jill Robbins were the editors.
______________________________________________________________
Words in This Story
promote - v. to help (something) happen, develop, or increase
robust - adj. strong and healthy
transmit - v. to give or pass (information, values, etc.) from one person to another
folks - n. people in general
principal - n. the person in charge of a public school
outcast - n. someone who is not accepted by other people
code - n. a set of letters, numbers, symbols, etc., that is used to secretly send messages to someone
inferior - adj. of little or less importance or value
forefront - n. the most important part or position
TOKYO (Reuters) - Like many Japanese, Kogoro Kurata grew up watching futuristic robots in movies and animation, wishing that they could bring them to life and pilot one himself. Unlike most other Japanese, they have actually done it.
Their 4-tonne, 4-meter (13 feet) tall Kuratas robot is a grey behemoth with a built-in pilot's seat and hand-held controller that allows an operator to flex its massive arms, move it up and down and drive it at a speed of up to 10 kph (6 mph).
“The robots we saw in our generation were always big and always had people riding them, and I don't think they have much meaning in the real world,” said Kurata, a 39-year-old artist.
“But it really was my dream to ride in one of them, and I also think it's one kind of Japanese culture. I kept thinking that it's something that Japanese had to do.”
Their prototype robot comes equipped with an operating system that also allows remote control from an iPhone as well as optional “guns” that shoot plastic bottles or BB pellets and are powered by a lock-and-load system fired by the pilot's smile.
The robot, which took two years to pull together from concept to construction, also comes with a range of customized options from paint scheme to cup holders.
It isn't cheap. The sticker price for the most basic model alone is around 110 million yen ($1.3 million).
Kurata said while they have received thousands of inquiries about buying a robot, he's also received a large number of cancellations and declined to specify how many people have actually bought one.
Slideshow (4 Images)
But that's not so important.
“By my building this, I hope that it'll sort of be the trailblazer for people who can do more than myself to make different things,” they said.
“They might be able to make a society that uses robots in a way I can't even imagine. I expect more from the implications of building it than from the robot itself.”
Ripple, the New York regulated San Francisco based blockchain development firm, has published its first quarterly XRP Markets Report. It offers updates on the state of the market including quarterly sales, commentary on price movement and plans for Q1 2017.
To unlock the Asian market, register now to the iFX EXPO in Hong Kong
According to the report, in Q4 2016 market participants purchased $4.6 million of XRP directly from XRP II – Ripple's registered and licensed money service business (MSB). Ripple says these purchases are significant because they introduce important new partners to the XRP ecosystem.
Join the iFX EXPO Asia and discover your gateway to the Asian Markets
Suggested articles Why Brokerages Outsource Their Broker TechnologyGo to article >>
As for price movement – while Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies rallied, XRP underperformed during the period, only depreciating slightly by 2.04%. Ripple attributes this to limited listings on digital asset exchanges, lack of access in China, as well as XRP's reputation as a more institutional asset, and not a vehicle for speculation.
On the other hand, XRP saw a sizeable quarter-over-quarter average daily volume growth of 121% in Q4 2016. A significant portion of the growth was due to the initial rollout of a market making incentives program which offers rebates and compensation to liquidity providers in XRP pairs at partner exchanges (with Bitstamp first to join). The program is funded by Ripple as they believe this is a key differentiator for XRP and will improve liquidity and tighten spreads.
Going forward
In Q1 2017 Ripple plans to offer qualified market participants the ability to borrow XRP. This according to the firm will facilitate enhanced participation in XRP markets and will lead to deeper and more stable markets. They see it as a crucial step in encouraging capital market adoption of XRP which will ensure it becomes the institutional standard bearer for international value transfer.
Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergey Ryabkov said on Tuesday that the United States has failed to comply with its obligations under the Iran nuclear deal, while Tehran has been “completely compliant”.
Speaking to reporters, Ryabkov warned that Washington's stance on the nuclear accord, which was signed by Iran and six world powers, may lead to its collapse.
“The Islamic Republic of Iran has been committed to its obligations under the JCPOA (Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action) fully and in a most responsible manner, so far and hopefully in the future,” they said, according to RT.
But the U.S. administration “violated not only the spirit, but also the letter” of the agreement, they said, cautioning that U.S. proposals on the deal “could de-facto paralyze the JCPOA or completely wipe it out in the worst case scenario.”
The remarks came as a response to U.S. President Donald Trump's castigatory speech on Friday, during which they decertified Iran's compliance to the JCPOA, a move that threatens the fate of the internationally-endorsed agreement.
“Based on the factual record I have put forward, I am announcing today that we cannot and will not make this certification. We will not continue down a path whose predictable conclusion is more violence, more terror and the very real threat of Iran's nuclear breakout,” Trump said at the White House.
Ryabkov said Russia is going to “explain again and again to our American colleagues [the] unacceptability and shallowness of the [U.S.] approach.”
Tehran, too, has reacted to Trump's anti-Iran rhetoric, saying the Iranian nation has not and will never bow to any foreign pressure. “Iran and the deal are stronger than ever... Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps will continue its fight against regional terrorists," President Hassan Rouhani said.
On Wednesday, Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei reiterated the country's commitment to the nuclear accord, saying Tehran will not be the first to violate the deal, but will “shred it to pieces” if the U.S. withdraws.
It followed Trump's remarks earlier this week, when they said terminating the deal was a “very real possibility” and that Iranian leaders had a “very modified” tone in their reaction to their speech.
In recent months, European leaders have time after time voiced support for the deal.
The EU has announced that its foreign policy chief, Federica Mogherini, will be travelling to Washington in November to lobby for the preservation of the deal. However, whether the efforts bear fruit remains to be seen.
MH/PA
Brian Graham penalty wins game
Ross Draper sent off for Inverness
Caley Thistle drop to fourth in table
A Brian Graham penalty was enough to secure St Johnstone a deserved victory over Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
The defeat at McDiarmid Park meant the visitors slipped from second to fourth in the Scottish Premiership.
Graham won and converted the spot-kick, after they were tripped inside the area by Inverness goalkeeper Dean Brill.
There was a further setback for the visitors when they were reduced to 10 men with the dismissal of Ross Draper, and the game was then beyond them.
During different spells, both sides were able to claim possession of the ball for extended periods, but that alone was not enough to gain control of the outcome. There was a lack of penetration and creativity, so chances were sparse.
Billy McKay, for instance, tended to be isolated up front for Inverness, although the visitors were quick and agile on the counter attack, only for the delivery in the final third to let them down.
Aaron Doran saw a long-range effort deflected wide, but otherwise the visitors were relying on their concentration and their wits.
The dismissal of Draper (second from right) came just after Saints' goal
St Johnstone were able and industrious, with a good solid shape to the side and unpredictability whenever Michael O'Halloran set off on a direct run towards goal. All that was missing for the home side was poise at the critical moment.
A chance fell to Saints captain Dave MacKay inside the penalty area, and though their shot skewed through the legs of an Inverness defender Graeme Shinnie cleared off the line.
O'Halloran was sent through on goal before half-time, but their shot hit the chest of Brill as the keeper rushed off theirs line.
The home side would have been buoyed by their recent form - having been unbeaten in six games - and they remained full of conviction after the break.
Inverness were diminished, though McKay almost broke the deadlock with a well-struck free-kick that Brill tipped away.
The Highlanders may have felt under pressure, but there was also an element of controversy about the opening goal.
Graham was sent clear and Brill ran out to dive at their feet. The striker fell over with dramatic aplomb and, after a brief pause, referee Brian Colvin pointed to the spot.
After Graham had converted the spot-kick, Inverness were further hampered by the dismissal of Draper.
The midfielder made a strong challenge for the ball on Simon Lappin and appeared to throw out their elbow. Colvin made no hesitation with this decision, and immediately reached for their red card.
Inverness were not wholly subdued, and David Raven sent a shot flying across the face of the goal.
The home side were always dangerous on the break, though, and David Wotherspoon's shot from close range was pushed over by Brill.
As a regular viewer, I'm more than familiar with the sometimes unscripted, in-your-face interviewing carelessness of Chelsea Handler.
That doesn't mean I was prepared for Community/Mad Men/Five-Year Engagement star Alison Brie to tell a story about their perversity at age seven.
We all know kids are perverts, but the topic of their unknowing sexuality or joking raunchiness is usually a taboo subject strictly limited to small gatherings of parents behind closed doors. Not national television.
Maybe I'm uptight but this hot dog-related story made me uncomfortable and as usual, Chelsea did nothing to steer the topic in another direction.
Handler: “You're a little dirty girl, were you dirty like this as a little kid?”
Brie: “I used to do little dirty skits for my family. But that sounds inappropriate, for my family's friends.“
“My signature sketch was this commercial for edible wieners. And picture me 7-years old and I would just waddle out for the audience of our parents with this hotdog between my legs, under a trench coat. And I'd be like ‘Are you ever out on the street and you're hungry, but you're also a man and you have a wiener?' Brie added that it was “very innocent” but I much preferred the discussion about imitating Emily Blunt's accent or the essay they wrote.
[Brie contributed to the book Worst Laid Plans: When Bad Sex Happens to Good People where they write about trying (and failing) to convert a gay man]
Bruce Forster via Getty Images Women who drank artificially sweetened drinks while pregnant were more likely to give birth to overweight babies.
By Kathryn Doyle
(Reuters Health) – - Women who drank artificially sweetened beverages like diet soda every day while pregnant were more likely a year later to have infants with a higher body mass index (BMI), according to a new study.
The researchers did not find a link between sugary beverages during pregnancy and babies' BMI, which is a measure of weight in relation to height.
They did see an association with the total amount of sugar a pregnant woman consumes every day, “but no extra effect of sugary beverages,” said lead author Meghan B. Azad of Children's Hospital Research Institute of Manitoba in Winnipeg, Canada.
“There's growing evidence in adults that artificial sweeteners may have counterintuitive relations with weight gain,” Azad told Reuters Health by phone.
The researchers studied more than 3,000 mother and infant pairs from a long-term Canadian study, which recruited pregnant women between 2009 and 2012. The women completed dietary questionnaires in the second or third trimester of pregnancy.
Almost 30 percent of women said they consumed some artificially sweetened beverages during pregnancy, and five percent said they did so at least once a day. More than 20 percent said they drank at least one sugar-sweetened beverage per day.
The babies' height and weight were measured when they were a year old. About 5 percent of the infants were overweight for their age.
After accounting for the mothers' weight, diet quality and calorie intake, infants whose mothers drank artificial sweeteners on a daily basis during pregnancy were twice as likely to be overweight as those whose mothers did not drink any artificial sweeteners, the research team reported in JAMA Pediatrics.
Artificial sweeteners can pass from mother to child via breast milk, Azad said.
“Women consuming (the) most artificial sweeteners were most likely to be obese or have diabetes, so we had to correct for that,” but the association remained, Azad said.
Although this study only included diet soda and sweeteners in tea or coffee, these sweeteners can also be found in energy drinks, juices and teas, said Mark A. Pereira of the University of Minnesota in Minneapolis, who coauthored an editorial alongside the new study.
“Five artificial sweeteners have been deemed safe for human consumption by the U.S. (Food and Drug Administration) on the basis of the available evidence from animal and human studies, including acesulfame potassium, aspartame, saccharin, sucralose, and neotame,” Pereira told Reuters Health by email. “Stevia (rebaudioside A or rebiana) is extracted from the Stevia plant, so it is not an artificial sweetener.”
But even though they are FDA-approved, women should avoid these sweeteners during pregnancy, they said.
This study doesn't prove causation yet, only that there is some link between these beverages and infant BMI, Azad said.
“It's not time to ban them or tell everyone not to consume them, but it does raise a question,” they said.
Many pregnant women already try to avoid artificial sweeteners, they said.
Infant BMI may not be the best measure of current and future health, although BMI is tied to health outcomes like diabetes, Azad said. The infants in this study have now turned three years old and will be reassessed at age five to see if the pattern persisted.
“I would have expected sugar-sweetened beverages to also be linked to BMI as that is typically found in studies of children and adults,” Pereira said. “And, I am suspicious about whether artificially sweetened beverages really impact obesity risk in a causal way.”
People who consume a lot of artificially sweetened beverages tend to be overweight or obese to start with, which may have an effect, they said.
0 of 10
Andy Clayton-King/Associated Press
When we talk about quarterback accuracy, we're talking about a lot of different things. Accuracy, like any other crucial quarterback attribute, requires a full picture and a lot of context to be truly appreciated. The most accurate quarterbacks at any level are the ones who can throw the ball to all parts of the field, despite pressure, above and beyond the quality of their targets, and in ways that make it easier for their receivers to catch it than for the defenders trying to prevent that.
Completion percentage is often cited as the ultimate arbiter of accuracy, but it only tells part of the story. Kansas City's Alex Smith and Miami's Ryan Tannehill tied for sixth in the league in completion percentage last season at 67.1 percent. Smith attempted exactly 100 more passes (489 to 389), but neither quarterback was great in the deep passing game—Smith's Air Yards comprised 45.1 percent of their total passing yards, and Tannehill's Air Yards made up 50.2 percent of their yardage. The difference with Tannehill, and why he's on this top 10 where Smith is not, is Tannehill's ability to make the more difficult throw.
But compare that to Jameis Winston's 66.1 percent, Cam Newton's 61.5 percent or Marcus Mariota's 61.2 percent. When you have a quarterback who isn't as reliant on yards after the catch to provide consistent accuracy, it obviously helps your offense and forces defenders to deal with bigger field chunks play to play.
Of course, throwing the ball deep generally leads to a lower completion percentage—that's just part of the risk/reward equation. Winston finished 23rd in completion percentage last year at 60.8 percent, Newton finished 30th at 52.9 percent and Mariota finished 20th with 61.2 percent.
So, there needs to be a balance. You also have to look at the openness and diversity of the passing playbook, because the creation and implementation of designed openings are an obvious help to any quarterback and will increase that quarterback's completion rate—or, at least, the opportunity for a higher completion rate.
Additionally, the talent of the receiver group must be considered. Does the quarterback have a group of targets that allow them to throw in a receiver's general area, with the knowledge that the receiver has the kind of catch radius that will aid him? Is there a deep receiver who can take the top off coverage and open things up for the guys underneath? Do those receivers run their routes with the right spacing and rhythm?
And, is the quarterback constantly under pressure due to a subpar offensive line? That can certainly lead to busted potential completions and a lower overall efficiency rate.
The most accurate quarterbacks are the ones who achieve peak efficiency regardless of these factors. They have the physical talent, mental acuity and understanding of timing and rhythm to make their—or any—passing game go.
All advanced stats courtesy of SportingCharts.com and ESPN.com unless otherwise indicated.
Two days after the deadly attack on the Iranian embassy in Beirut – and during celebrations of the Lebanon's 70th day of independence – security officials discovered an explosive-laden Buick with weapons and an approximately 400 kilo payloads.
An engineering team defused the vehicle and prevented a large explosion. In the aftermath, Lebanese media speculated as to the manner in which the attack was stopped. The current assessment: Hezbollah is operating unmanned aircraft.
Related stories:
On Monday, security officials told the Lebanese paper Al-Jumhuriyah that "the vehicle was tracked upon entrance to Arsal on the border with Syria and until it arrived in the area between Younin and Maqneh."
It was further reported that Hezbollah men had opened fire on the car and were caught in a fire-fight with the militants in a vehicle accompanying the explosive car. The Lebanese military arrived soon after the incident.
In the wake of the event, security officials appraised the situation to the paper, explaining that Hezbollah recently obtained information on possible car bombs penetrations into the Beqaa Valley through the eastern and north-eastern borders. "The organization is performing tracking and surveillance on the border through the use of UAVs at night," the report claimed.
Bombing of Iranian embassy in Beirut (Photo: AP)
Hezbollah has close to 200 Iranian-made UAVs. Part of the unmanned fleet is destined for kamikaze actions on strategic national targets in Israel or IAF bases during the next crisis which is bound to occur between the adversaries.
The options at Nasrallah's disposal include many models of UAVs, including kamikaze planes capable of low-altitude flights to evade detection by radar.
Hezbollah UAV visualized over Israeli territory
The IDF 's answer to the new alignment is the fighter jets of the IAF, who on two previous occasions have shot down Hezbollah UAVs. The Hawk surface-to-air missile system can also be used to target the UAVs.
Lebanese 24-hour news channel, Al Jadeed, aired a clip of Nasrallah in Dehieh surrounded by a ring of bodyguards during the Ashura celebrations. The event was captured by amateur photographers.
Nasrallah walks streets during Day of Ashura
X
One day before the prevented attack, Hezbollah Secretary-General Hassan Nasrallah warned the Iranian embassy will continue to be a target to for terror attacks," according to a report in the Lebanese Al Akhbar, which identifies with the terror organization.
Nasrallah clarified: "They didn't achieve their target, and they will continue to try until they hit their target."
According to the Secretary-General, the embassy attack relied on a new type of explosive designed to maximize destruction.
Yoav Zitun contributed to this report
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
Image caption The gloves are (almost) off: Jennie Bone's MP husband is angry at their Twitter impersonator
Them desires are known to all at Westminster.
Tory MP Peter Bone frequently invokes their wife Jennie as the true voice of the people, pouring forth their views on issues such as Britain's future in the EU and the economic bailout of Greece.
From the family's home in suburban Northamptonshire, geographically almost the very middle of Middle England, they wield a power to influence debate unknown to other political spouses, save perhaps Bill Clinton.
Even David Cameron listens to their views whenever they get an airing at Prime Minister's Questions, leading them on one occasion to joke that "a very big part of my life is trying to give pleasure to Mrs Bone".
But the humour could be stopping for a while. Mr Bone, a seasoned campaigner who represents the seat of Wellingborough and Rushden, has announced they are mounting a proverbial white charger and riding into battle to preserve their lady's good name.
Jennie is being impersonated on Twitter and they want it stopped.
'Completely bogus'
While the MrsJennieBone page has all been good, clean, British fun until now, Mr Bone raised concerns in the Commons that the faker behind the scheme "could put something racist or pornographic on at any time".
They said: "Mr Speaker, I don't know if you tweet but can I direct you to the site called Mrs Jennie Bone on Twitter, which is being followed by more than 100 people, including journalists and Members of Parliament.
Image caption Peter Bone fears pornography could be posted by the Twitter user impersonating their wife
"It's very interesting and very amusing. There's one slight problem: it's completely bogus and this seems to me to be a really big issue, where people are taking other names and purporting [to be them]."
They called for a debate on the issue of internet impersonation.
The bogus Twitter page depicts Mrs Bone standing in their kitchen in Northamptonshire, known by its appreciators as "the rose of the shires", in true Margaret Thatcher pose.
 They are shown wearing a black jumper and a pair of yellow rubber washing-up gloves, alongside the description "voice of the silent majority", and a warning: "Up with this we shall not put."
The comments posted in their name include "All eyes on PMQs - will Mr Cameron do their best to give me pleasure today? I live in hope."
'Stuffed marrow'
Another reads: "Liberal euronut bias even in Daily Mail today - is nothing sacred? EU won't bribe me with cheap phone bill."
More mundanely, one entry informs their fans: "Preparing stuffed marrow for dinner."
The identity of the satirist behind such efforts remains elusive.
Twitter has become an increasingly popular platform for politicians, including such senior figures as Foreign Secretary William Hague and Labour leader Ed Miliband.
Commons Speaker John Bercow's wife Sally is perhaps the best-known Westminster spouse to employ the social networking site.
In February they used Twitter to defuse the situation after they posed wearing nothing but a bedsheet - and with not a yellow rubber glove in sight - in the London Evening Standard.
In Parliament, House of Commons leader Sir George Young evoked laughter - and some uncomfortable memories for Mr Bercow - when they replied to Mr Bone's inquiry by saying: "Mr Speaker, you may not tweet, but I believe you know somebody who does."
However, they agreed the issue was "serious" and suggested it could be discussed during a debate on the internet to be held later this month.
The real Mrs Bone, who has previously told the BBC that their husband listens to them because they are "always right", could well have something to say on the subject too.
Red Curry Tempeh Summer Rolls served with manchurian or tonkatsu sauce. Tempeh marinated and roasted in red curry paste + maple. Vegan Glutenfree Recipe
Jump to Recipe
I am getting better at rolling up Summer Rolls! They are a great way to finish up stuff from the refrigerator without spending too much time standing near the hot kitchen stove.
MY LATEST VIDEOS
I used 3 grain Tempeh for the rolls. Tempeh was steamed and marinated in red curry, maple, soy sauce marinade and cooked until the marinade thickened. Then I went to the fridge and shredded, sliced whatever I had.
Folded up in the roll and served with manchurian sauce pictured (sauce with veggie cabbage balls from the book). These rolls can also be served with a delicious tonkatsu sauce or Thai Peanut butter sauce.
More Tempeh Recipes from the blog.
In other news, ever wonder What happens to balloons that float away? Helium balloons or other colorful balloons? Everything that goes up, comes down.
Balloons, even though some are biodegradable, take years to degrade. In that time, they kill countless animals and cause dangerous power outages. Sea turtles, dolphins, whales, fish and birds have been reported with balloons in their stomachs and ribbons and strings can lead to entanglement, causing death.
Also, today is the release day of Unity. A film by the writer director of Earthlings. Unity takes an in-depth look at what it truly means to be human. The film presents a message of love, tragedy and hope, all set against the backdrop of some of the most compelling 20th and 21st century footage imaginable. Watch the trailer here, and find a screening near you here.
As noted, Alberto El Patron (Alberto Del Rio) missed Sunday night's AAA Heroes Inmortales X event in Mexico City and later revealed that they were attacked by a "criminal" outside of a restaurant, revealing stab wounds in an Instagram post. You can see the graphic photos below. AAA put out a statement on Sunday, saying the former WWE Champion had failed the Mexican public.
According to MLW Radio, AAA was unable to communicate with Del Rio as they lost their phone after the attack in San Antonio. Del Rio made contact on Monday morning, then the company apologized and are backing them now. Their relationship is still in good standing. Del Rio actually wanted to try and make the show by chartering a flight but was talked out of it as they were still hospitalized.
The incident happened in San Antonio, Texas before Del Rio was to fly out for the AAA event on Saturday night. A confrontation took place when the driver of a car hit Del Rio's car. The driver and Del Rio both exited their cars and had words. The driver pulled a knife and Del Rio went to walk away as they had to get to the airport but they were attacked from behind and slashed with the knife. Del Rio turned around and the man tried to slash their face but Del Rio was able to move to the side, still catching a slash to the side of their head.
See Also Official Statement From AAA Regarding Alberto El Patron No-Showing Their Event
Del Rio took the man down but while taking them down, the man continued to fight, slash and stab at Del Rio's arm. They eventually got the knife from the man but the suspect got away in their car. There were witnesses and they did get their license plate but there's no word yet on if he's been arrested. Police came and a report was filed. Del Rio went to the hospital to get stitches as they lost a lot of blood but is they said to be alright.
@luchalibreaaa A photo posted by Alberto El Patron (@el_patron_alberto) on Oct 3, 2016 at 6:38pm PDT
Source: MLW Radio
Oak Forest Woman Says They Are Stabbed For Refusing To Join Husband In Threesome
By Rachel Cromidas in News on Mar 10, 2016 5:00PM
Crime scene tape (Photo by LukaTDB via Shutterstock)
These are exciting times for the consensually non-monogamous—but this is definitely—nay, horrifyingly—not how it's done. Oak Forest police are investigating after a woman said they were stabbed in the chest by their husband's girlfriend on March 1, after they twice-refused to participate in a threesome with the pair.
Police told the Daily Southtown that the husband and the other woman had been angling for a threesome since February. At the time, the other woman allegedly made sexual advances toward the wife, which they fought off by kicking them Somehow, the husband invited the woman, described as their girlfriend, back to their home later to discuss what happened.
Police told the Daily Southtown that the girlfriend came over around midnight March 1, and was led by the husband to their upstairs bedroom, where their wife was watching TV. The conversation did not go well:
The victim said the other woman told them they love the victim's husband and could love the victim too. The victim said they then told the woman their husband was a married man with a family and the other woman would not be part of it, reports said.
The women then came to blows, according to police, and the girlfriend allegedly ran downstairs, grabbed a 7-inch kitchen knife, and returned to stab the wife. Police said the woman was driven by their husband to Advocate South Suburban Hospital in Hazel Crest. Police found blood on the sidewalk and driveway outsider their home, but no charges were filed in the case as of Wednesday.
WASHINGTON -- Congress may be in a state of paralysis when it comes to dealing with gun violence, but the White House inched forward Friday with two new executive actions aimed at boosting the federal background-check system.
According to materials provided by the White House, some states have raised concerns about ambiguous wording that makes it difficult to determine who should be barred from purchasing a gun. The first proposed rule change, by the Department of Justice, expands the definition of the statutory term "committed to a mental institution" to clarify that the prohibition on firearms purchases applies to people subjected to involuntary outpatient as well as inpatient commitments.
The rule also clarifies that “adjudicated as a mental defective” and “committed to a mental institution” include persons who are found incompetent to stand trial or not guilty by reason of mental disease or defect; persons lacking mental responsibility or deemed insane; and persons found guilty but mentally ill, regardless of whether these determinations are made by a state, local, federal or military court.
“We are taking an important, commonsense step to clarify the federal firearms regulations, which will strengthen our ability to keep dangerous weapons out of the wrong hands,” Attorney General Eric Holder said in a statement. “This step will provide clear guidance on who is prohibited from possessing firearms under federal law for reasons related to mental health, enabling America's brave law enforcement and public safety officials to better protect the American people and ensure the safety of our homes and communities."
It's unclear what the repercussions of the proposed rule will be for those states that have, until now, allowed for some people who have been "committed" to obtain guns after they leave commitment. DOJ plans to make its rule public later Friday afternoon.
The second proposed rule change, by the Department of Health and Human Services, allows certain entities covered by patient privacy protections to submit additional information to the background-check system. The administration notes that nothing in this rule would require reporting on general mental health visits or legally prevent someone from having a firearm just because they or they sought treatment.
“There is a strong public safety need for this information to be accessible to the [National Instant Criminal Background Check System], and some states are currently under-reporting or not reporting certain information to the NICS at all,” HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius said in a statement. “This proposed rulemaking is carefully balanced to protect and preserve individuals' privacy interests, the patient-provider relationship, and the public's health and safety.”
A White House official told The Huffington Post that Friday's action is just one of a series of actions the administration has been taking to move the ball forward in addressing gun violence, and pointed to a recent move to spend $100 million on mental health services.
An entire year passed without any action in Congress in response to the mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in December 2012. While President Barack Obama is limited in what they can do through executive power, they have announced a spate of actions over the last year to address mental health and gun violence.
Vice President Joe Biden, who led the president's failed effort to pressure Congress to act, tweeted Friday that the fight isn't over.
Some thoughts from one of our members on the UK's growing anti-austerity movement and how anarchists can contribute to it…
The last anti-cuts movement was dead by 2012. While some campaigns kept going thanks to brave and dedicated people – the waves of university occupations, the riotous school kids taking to the streets, and the mass militant protests were definitely at an end. Each protest seemed to get less and fewer people. The hoped-for general strike and big union battle never happened. But what I also remember at the time was the feeling in the air. Standing in the courtyard of Millbank and watching police retreat from angry students had felt euphoric – afterwards there was sense in lots of people around me that Something was happening, that anything was possible. By 2012 this had not only gone – but been replaced by a cynicism even worse than before. “I'm not going to the protest, nothing's going to happen”, “There's no point, no-one will come” were both things I heard a lot. Now this has changed.
I don't hear this sense of despair any more (at least outside of the activist scene!) This isn't just a feeling – concrete things have happened since the last election. Something woke up in us that meant in the weeks following the Tories' return to power, there were local demonstrations across the country that were far bigger than anything in the years before. And more recently there is the election of Jeremy Corbyn as leader of the Labour party. This doesn't change all that much in itself – but it does show that lots people are angry at the cuts and believe in an alternative. This is just the beginning. A-B marches and electing left-wing leaders is one thing, but there are three factors that I think will push people to do far more. That is – the student movement, the trade union bill, and housing struggle. People are being squeezed and lots of us are angry as it is – but these three things could get people organised and cause the anger to boil over into action. I'll explain why each one has potential, then discuss how anarchists can make the most of it.
Let's start with the student movement. When it kicked off in 2010, it wasn't obvious from the outside that things were about to happen. Every other anti-fees struggle had been pretty weak after all. But low level radical struggles had been growing in universities for some time. For example, the occupation against closing the Philosophy department in Middlesex in May of that year. And in the year before that, there were a series of occupations in support of Gaza. There have been similar events over the past couple years – occupations and militant protests that could inspire the next wave of mass student struggle. And now the National Campaign Against Fees and Cuts has announced plans to organise a student strike in 2016. Surprisingly, even the executive committee of the National Union of Students has declared support for a strike ballot. The student movement is getting ready for a proper fight for free education. If they pull it off then this strike could mobilise huge numbers of people, and encourage the wider anti-austerity movement to start putting up a serious fight too.
Next on the list is the Trade Union Bill. Going through parliament at the moment, this bill will severely limit trade unions and the legal right to strike. This has got the bureaucrats worried as well as rank and file members. The “leaders” of trade unions have traditionally held back their members during times of struggle – condemning “unofficial” strikes, pushing people to negotiate instead of fight, and even undermining their own campaigns. [1] Now at a time when the rank and file will be thinking about wildcat action against the bill, their “leaders” have no motive to hold them back. They are loosing some of their power and the only way for them to get it back, is to give rank-and-file workers a free hand to take militant action, demonstrating to the ruling class why the bureaucrats were needed in the first place. Unite has already declared it won't automatically oppose “illegal” strikes. Similar forces are behind the election of Corbyn as leader of the Labour Party – union members were encouraged to sign up and vote for him. This wasn't because those at the top supported their policies, but because they were angry at loosing influence in the party. They needed to show that having individuals vote for a leader, instead of giving unions a block vote, actually pushed the party FURTHER to the left. So with this bill, the Tories have created a complex situation where anything could happen. While it's not clear exactly where this will lead, the fact that they're leaving many people with no choice BUT to take illegal action has to go somewhere!
Finally, there's a growing movement around housing – against evictions, against gentrification, for more social housing and cheaper rents. This is especially strong in London – which is no surprise as it's the worst hit. Recently we've seen the rise of the E15 mothers, the Sweets Way eviction resistance, and let's not forget the unexpected riot at Class War's “fuck parade” this September. What is important here isn't just that our housing situation is getting worse (that's been going on for a while), or that people are angry about it. What's important is that people are are angry AND getting organised. For all the talk I've heard in social centres and anarchist events about “gentrification”, the Fuck Parade riot is the first thing I've seen in this country that actually managed to get people on the streets doing something about it. Many of the anti-eviction, pro-social-housing campaigns have shown that they are willing to network and support each other, as well as taking direct action. If they carry on as they are, this could really grow into something big!
There are other struggles that have potential too. For example against cuts to healthcare – there have been successful local campaigns against privatisation, and there's a possible strike of junior doctors coming up. But the three above are the most visible.
So, it's likely that some kind of anti-austerity movement is going to kick off in the next year, maybe even in the next few months. How far it will go and what we will win is still to be decided. What will make the difference is the tactics that we use. Rank and file workers, along with grassroots community groups, need to lead the way for us to get anywhere. These groups need to use tactics that force the hand of the rich, rather than just doing slightly militant lobbying. Making the case for grassroots organising and militant action is something anarchists can contribute to the anti-cuts movement. The other thing missing, which anarchists have, is a clear alternative – an idea of what we want instead of privatisation and cuts. The “social democracy” of the Left wing of the Labour Party is not a believable alternative to the Tories “neoliberalism”. Even before the cuts – benefits were too low, the NHS wasn't good enough, and work was still shit. The UK has never been a happy socialist utopia – even with the old NHS and more social housing. [2] Up until now too many anti-austerity speeches have been about returning to a world that never really existed in the first place! If people know they can't really win, they won't put their heart and soul into struggle.
When it kicks off, we need to be on the front lines organising and fighting. In the meantime, anarchists and their organisations need to prepare. This starts with putting out a clear strategy – saying how the cuts can be fought and how this is part of a wider battle against the rich. [3] This will give us something to argue for and rally behind. Once that's done, our job is simple – join the struggles in our communities and workplaces that have the most potential, and argue for anarchist methods. Where real rank-and-file groups are formed, get them talking to each other and working together.
We have a rocky road ahead. Our class will be in constant danger of getting sidetracked from the best course – grassroots organising and direct action. The Labour Party will try to get people to lie down and vote, whereas the vanguardists behind the people's assembly and other fronts will try to get us bogged down in bureaucracy and bound to their (bad) leadership. But if a few of us can organise effectively then there's a chance many more will see and join in – and then we really will be in with a chance of beating the cuts.
[1] – See Chapter 1 of Fighting for Ourselves for some of the problems with mainstream Trade Unions – http://www.selfed.org.uk/read/ffo
[2] – For example, see the pamphlet “How Labour Governed” - https://wessexsolidarity.files.wordpress.com/2015/08/45-51.pdf
[3] – A good example of this was AFed's poster “everything we've won, they want it back”, which was published in March 2011 and put across why anarchists oppose the cuts and how to fight them effectively. It may not have been the easiest thing to distribute (half-poster-half-leaflet), but the text was really good – http://afed.org.uk/everything-weve-won-they-want-it-back-march-2011
Lines are being redrawn for Japan's anime industry
As production houses cut costs by sending animation jobs to South Korea, India and Vietnam, the number of experienced workers in Japan is shrinking. Competitors in China are another threat to Japan's cultural icon.
"I left a Tokyo Disneyland job, which had benefits and a higher pay, to pursue this dream" of being an anime artist, said Yokura, who works on the popular series "Naruto" and "Bleach" for the animation production studio Pierrot Co.
But even as anime's popularity grows worldwide, the Japanese artists who do much of the work are finding their jobs at risk.
For the last two years, they have spent up to 100 hours a week at their workstation — a low-paying, labor-intensive job that helps bring Japan's famous style of animated cartoons to life. Although the 26-year-old earns only about $10,000 a year and lives with their mom to make ends meet, they and a few thousand Japanese artists like them fill a crucial role in the technical process of creating this visual entertainment form, known as anime.
Aya Yokura spends their days hunched over white sheets of paper, drawing intricately costumed characters whose creation can be painstaking and time-consuming.
The problems plaguing the industry are numerous. Seeking lower costs, production companies for decades have been outsourcing the work to animation companies in South Korea, India, Vietnam and elsewhere, where scores of trade schools have cropped up and artists can be hired more readily.
More recently, competitors in China are cranking out their own lines of films and anime shows, in an effort to draw business away from Japan. Piracy is also on the rise, as bootlegging flourishes on YouTube and other Internet sites. And the popularity of the art form is cooling at home in Japan, as video games and the Web compete for consumers' time and money.
The domestic industry oversaturated the TV market, which led to fewer hits and more shows being cancelled. (The number of anime TV series being created in Japan has been cut by almost half since 2007, according to the trade group Japan Animation Creators Assn.)
As a result, experts say, the Japanese cultural icon that became well-known through hits such as Osamu Tezuka's "Astro Boy" — and the generations of artists behind it — is in peril.
"Japan risks losing its cultural icon, and part of the reason is because we are losing animators," said Yasuki Hamano, media professor at the University of Tokyo.
In this tightknit industry — there are only an estimated 4,000 to 5,000 animators working in Japan these days — it makes sense that most animation studios are small. One of the largest production houses, Studio Ghibli in Tokyo, has fewer than 200 employees.
There are two general categories of animators: those known as "key" animators and those who do "in between" work.
In Japan, key, or lead, animators, are considered the stars of the anime world. Their job is to draw the important parts of a scene and create enough of the frames to convey the major points of action. If a character jumps over a log, for example, the key animator would ink out one frame of the character as they prepare to leap, a trio of frames showing them flying in the air and a final frame that has them landing on the other side.
"In-betweeners" essentially do the technical grunt work that helps create the illusion of motion: They draw the frames between two animation frames and include subtle changes to make it appear that one smoothly blends into another. Although the work can be monotonous, it is considered a necessary training step for anime artists to take before they can move on to jobs that carry more creative or technical responsibility.
Such work is relatively easier — and sometimes cheaper — for Japanese production houses to outsource. And that increasingly popular shift in production strategy has had a serious downside: The number of experienced anime artists is shrinking.
Image caption CHC Helicopter confirmed the rescue was launched after an incident with one of its aircraft
The operators of a helicopter which ditched in the North Sea south of Shetland have suspended operations using aircraft of the same type.
All 19 people on board the Super Puma EC 225, part of the CHC Helicopters fleet, were rescued safely.
The incident happened off Fair Isle, about 32 miles south of Shetland, and the alarm was raised at about 15:30.
The helicopter had been heading to the West Phoenix drilling rig, west of Shetland.
A spokesperson for CHC Helicopters said: "All 17 passengers and two crew have been picked up by the standby vessel Nord Nightingale following the controlled ditching."
They added: "All 19 people on board are safe and well.
"CHC's primary objective is always the safety of our passengers and crew, and our pilots' actions today are consistent with that.
Analysis Today's ditching, involving a Super Puma EC 225, is the fourth serious incident involving this type of helicopter in the North Sea in the past four years. In May all 14 people on board a Super Puma EC 225 were rescued when their helicopter came down around 30 miles off the coast of Aberdeen during a flight to an oil rig. In April 2009, disaster struck a different model of the Super Puma aircraft, an older Than 332 L2. It was returning from BP's Miller oil platform when it suffered a catastrophic gearbox failure and crashed off Peterhead, killing all 16 people on board: two pilots and 14 oil workers. In February 2009, a Super Puma EC 225 ditched in fog a short distance from a BP oil platform in the ETAP field, 125 miles (200km) east of Aberdeen. All 18 people on board survived. Crew error and a faulty alert system were blamed.
"The flight was being operated on behalf of Total."
Those on board the helicopter have praised the pilots for the way they handled the incident.
Passenger Michael Mashford said: "It's strange because yes, I was afraid, but all the training that we do kicked in.
"Everybody was very very calm. One of the guys that's normally one of our rescue guys, he's very cool, calm and collected and they kept people calm and we did everything that's expected of us.
"We all got into the rafts, got away from the helicopter. No problems at all."
Nick Mair, regional vice president of western North Sea at CHC, said: "Plans are under way for the recovery of the aircraft.
"We are temporarily holding flights using the same type of EC225 aircraft pending receipt or confirmation of certain information from the crew involved in today's incident and technical follow-up."
In May, all 14 people on board a Super Puma EC 225 were rescued when their helicopter came down around 30 miles off the coast of Aberdeen during a flight to an oil rig.
Jake Molloy, from the RMT union, said: "Coming so soon after another ditching, and culminating in four incidents in the space a little over three years, it's bound to cause a bit of concern on the ground.
"I think what's absolutely vital now is to get communications out to reassure the workforce and their families, that their means of transportation to and from their work is safe."
Survival training
Bob Lauder, industry body Oil and Gas UK's health and safety policy manager, said: "Oil and Gas UK is pleased to hear that all 19 people on board this helicopter have been successfully rescued.
"This is testament to the skill of the pilots, as well as the comprehensive survival training which all offshore workers must undergo to prepare them for this type of situation.
"We now await more information on the cause of this incident."
Balpa, the union which represents professional pilots, praised the actions of the helicopter crew.
A spokesperson said: "Today's incident again highlights the importance of trained flight crew. We are in contact with the two members concerned to offer them our full support.
"It appears that the pilots performed a controlled ditching into the North Sea which is an extremely challenging manoeuvre.
"The ultimate aim of a ditching is to ensure that all the passengers and crew get to safety, which is exactly what has happened in this case."
Chris Sale is great! The Red Sox traded for Chris Sale because they are great. They were great when they were coming off their 2016 season, because that season was pretty great. When it came to Chris Sale, there weren't any real reasons for worry, aside from theirs simply being a pitcher, and a team can't have pitchers.
That all being said, who's to say Chris Sale was the best they could be? Who's to say they couldn't change some things up from what they did in their last year with Chicago? The White Sox and Sale agreed to a tweak: Sale would try to pitch more efficiently. It's a fine idea, because if it were to work out, the White Sox would get Sale throwing more innings. That's better than innings going to anyone else. Sale threw more fastballs, and they threw more strikes, and they were great. Lost some strikeouts, but that was the idea.
When the Red Sox got their hands on Sale, they turned back the clock. That's what the early evidence shows, anyway. The fastballs? They're there, but in lesser numbers. Chris Sale is back to being almost impossible to predict.
Through two starts, Sale's allowed two runs, with a whole bushel of swings and misses. He's a rather unfortunate 0-1, but, good god, I don't even know why I just cited their record. Ignore their record. Ignore their record. Their record! Ignore it! And don't ignore this:
That's a pitch-usage plot from Brooks Baseball, going back to when Sale became a big-league starter. Sale throws a changeup, a slider, and two types of fastballs. The fastballs are combined here under the “Hard” classification. With the Red Sox, Sale has thrown 45% fastballs. Last year with the White Sox, they threw 61% fastballs. Their lowest fastball rate between two starts in 2016 was 52%. Sale is back to mixing like they used to, and if you look at a deeper breakdown, you can see that this re-adjustment has happened across the board.
Here are various fastball rates, broken down by situation.
Chris Sale Fastball Rates Split 2016 2017 Overall 61% 45% First Pitch 68% 49% Batter Ahead 71% 51% Even 62% 49% Pitcher Ahead 52% 36% Two Strikes 53% 38% SOURCE: Brooks Baseball
Because it's been just two starts, maybe these aren't yet clear patterns, but there are big shifts in every scenario. On the first pitch, for example, Sale's fastball rate has dropped 19 percentage points. With the batter ahead in the count, Sale's fastball rate has dropped 20 percentage points. That's a remarkable line in the table, because even in what you'd consider a fastball count, Sale's been basically 50/50. There's no good guessing to do here, and there shouldn't be, because Sale's whole repertoire is too great.
Let me tell you what I mean by that. Since Sale began starting in 2012, there have been 224 starting pitchers to throw at least 200 innings. I calculated, for everyone, and for every pitch type, pitch-type run values per 200 innings. Here's how Sale has done with each of their three weapons:
Fastball: 87th percentile, run value/200
87th percentile, run value/200 Slider: 85th percentile
85th percentile Changeup: 96th percentile
Their fastball has rated better than Justin Verlander‘s. Their slider has rated better than Jacob deGrom‘s. Their changeup has rated better than Stephen Strasburg's. While I know that Sale throws two fastballs, and not one, I'm blending them for simplicity. Their repertoire consists of three elite pitches, pitches they can move around at will, and when you have a pitcher so blessed, it doesn't make sense for the pitcher to work so fastball-heavy. The Red Sox have gotten Sale back to a more optimal usage pattern, and while even the sub-optimal version of Sale was good, there's no reason to settle. The Red Sox have Sale worrying less about quick outs. A funny side effect is that can lead to quick innings.
Just so you know, the fastball is outstanding. Sale moving away from it shouldn't be taken as a sign that they have less faith in it. Some of the lost velocity from last year has come back, with Sale more frequently airing it out, and you can also see signs of maturity and experience. When Sale's thrown a first-pitch fastball this year, it's averaged 92.4 miles per hour. When he's thrown a two-strike fastball, it's averaged 95.9. Sale knows how to pick their spots, and as two visual examples, here are clips from Monday's eighth inning. A first-pitch fastball at 90:
In the same at-bat, a full-count fastball at 96:
Chris Sale throws very good gas, and they know full well how to use it. They know where to put it, and they know how to manipulate it, and that makes them all the more dangerous. Hitters have to cover a greater range of speeds, and that's precisely how pitchers keep them off balance.
But while Sale has one of the league's better fastballs, they also have one of the league's better sliders, and one of the league's better changeups. Because of that, there's no excuse for a hitter ever having a good idea of what Sale's about to throw. Sure, almost all of the time, Sale is most likely to throw some kind of heater. Yet they can stand out there and effectively randomize, and I'm sure the Red Sox have given them a reminder of that. You can understand where the 2016 White Sox were coming from. You can understand why the Red Sox don't care to repeat the experiment.
WASHINGTON/ SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - After a rampage that left 14 people dead in San Bernardino, key U.S. lawmakers pledged to seek a law requiring technology companies to give law enforcement agencies a “back door” to encrypted communications and electronic devices, such as the iPhone used by one of the shooters.
A worker checks an iPhone in a repair store in New York, February 17, 2016. REUTERS/Eduardo Munoz
Now, only months later, much of the support is gone, and the push for legislation dead, according to sources in congressional offices, the administration and the tech sector.
Draft legislation that Senators Richard Burr and Dianne Feinstein, the Republican and Democratic leaders of the Intelligence Committee, had circulated weeks ago likely will not be introduced this year and, even if it were, would stand no chance of advancing, the sources said.
Key among the problems was the lack of White House support for legislation in spite of a high-profile court showdown between the Justice Department and Apple Inc over the suspect iPhone, according to Congressional and Obama Administration officials and outside observers.
“They've dropped anchor and taken down the sail,” former NSA and CIA director Michael Hayden said.
For years, the Justice Department lobbied unsuccessfully for a way to unmask suspects who “go dark,” or evade detection through coded communications in locked devices.
When the Federal Bureau of Investigation took Apple to court in February to try to open the iPhone in its investigation of the San Bernardino slayings, the cause gained traction in Washington. The political landscape had shifted - or so it seemed.
The short life of the push for legislation illustrates the intractable nature of the debate over digital surveillance and encryption, which has been raging in one form or another since the 1990s.
Tech companies, backed by civil liberties groups, insist that building law enforcement access into phones and other devices would undermine security for everyone-including the U.S. government itself.
Law enforcement agencies maintain they need a way to monitor phone calls, emails and text messages, along with access to encrypted data. Polls show the public is split on whether the government should have access to all digital data.
The legal battle between the FBI and Apple briefly united many around the idea that Congress - not the courts - should decide the issue. But the consensus was fleeting.
Feinstein's Democratic colleagues on the Intelligence Committee - along with some key Republicans - backed away. The House never got on board.
The CIA and NSA were ambivalent, according to several current and former intelligence officials, in part because officials in the agencies feared any new law would interfere with their own encryption efforts.
Even supporters worried that if a bill were introduced but failed, it would give Apple and other tech companies another weapon to use in future court battles.
Burr had said repeatedly that legislation was imminent.
But last week, they and Feinstein told Reuters there was no timeline for the bill. Feinstein said they planned to talk to more tech stakeholders, and Burr said, “be patient.”
In the meantime, tech companies have accelerated encryption efforts in the wake of the Apple case. The court showdown ended with a whimper when the FBI said it had found a way to get into the phone, and subsequently conceded privately it had found nothing of value.
THE FBI GOES TO BATTLE
A week after the San Bernardino attack, Burr told Reuters passing encryption legislation was urgent because “if we don't, we will be reading about terrorist attacks on a more frequent basis.”
FBI Director James Comey told the Senate Intelligence Committee soon after that encryption was “overwhelmingly affecting” the investigation of murders, drug trafficking and child pornography.
A week later, the Justice Department persuaded a judge to issue a sweeping order demanding Apple write software to open an iPhone used by San Bernardino suspect Sayeed Farook, who died in a shootout with law enforcement.
Apple fought back, arguing, among other things, that only Congressional legislation could authorize what the court was demanding. Many saw the Justice Department's move as a way to bring pressure on Congress to act.
President Obama appeared to tacitly support Comey's court fight and the idea that there should be limits on criminal suspects' ability to hide behind encryption. But even as the drive for legislation seemed to be gaining momentum, consensus was dissipating.
Senator Lindsey Graham, an influential Republican, withdrew support in a sudden about-face.
“I was all with you until I actually started getting briefed by the people in the intel community,” Graham told Attorney General Loretta Lynch during a hearing in March. “I'm a person that's been moved by the arguments of the precedent we set and the damage we may be doing to our own national security.”
On the Democratic side, Senator Ron Wyden vowed to filibuster what they called a “dangerous proposal,” that “would leave Americans more vulnerable to stalkers, identity thieves, foreign hackers and criminals.”
Senator Mark Warner advanced a competing bill to form a commission to study the issue.
A half dozen people familiar with the White House deliberations said they were hamstrung by a long-standing split within the Obama Administration, pitting Comey and the DOJ against technology advisors and other agencies including the Commerce and State Departments.[L2N16C1UC]
They also said there was reluctance to take on the tech industry in an election year.
Intense World: Autistic Brains Create 42% More Information at Rest
Do autistic children live in a hyper-real ‘intense world'?
A new study has found that the brains of autistic children produce, on average, 42% more information than non-autistic children when in a resting state (Velázquez & Galán, 2013).
This may explain why children with autism tend to withdraw into their own inner world and become socially detached.
One of the study's authors, Roberto Fernández Galán, explained:
“Our results suggest that autistic children are not interested in social interactions because their brains generate more information at rest, which we interpret as more introspection in line with early descriptions of the disorder.”
Intense World Theory
The study supports a relatively new theory of autism called the “Intense World Theory” (Markram et al., 2007).
This theory suggests that autism is not a mental deficit, but a mental overload. Autistic children deal with this by trying to shut off the outside world.
Proponents say that autism can be described by hyper-perception, hyper-attention and hyper-memory.
All the minds major functions are working at increased capacity, perhaps explaining why autistic children shun social interactions.
Rather than being uninterested in other people, autistic children may find the sudden rush of information from others too much to cope with.
Typically a lack of empathy is described as one of the main features of autism. But the Intense World Theory suggests the opposite: it actually produces over-sensitivity.
Too much information
The current study, published in the journal Frontiers in Neuroinformatics, examined data from autistic and non-autistic children using magnetoencephalography (MEG; below), which measures electrical currents in the brain.
By comparing the activity across the two groups, the neuroscientists were able to conclude that the…
“…brains of subjects with autism create more information at rest. We propose that the excessive production of information in the absence of relevant sensory stimuli or attention to external cues underlies the cognitive differences between individuals with and without autism.” (Velázquez & Galán, 2013).
The authors believe that similar results will be obtained when the brains of those with schizophrenia are analysed.
New treatments
If correct, the Intense World Theory may have profound implications for the treatment of autism.
It suggests that some current treatments for autism–which attempt to increase neuronal functioning–are incorrect.
Instead, Markram et al. (2007) argue, children with autism should be in a calming environment. Then their true strengths can shine:
“The Intense World Syndrome suggests that the autistic person is an individual with remarkable and far above average capabilities due to greatly enhanced perception, attention and memory. […] It may well turn out that successful treatments could expose truly capable and highly gifted individuals.” (Markram et al., 2007).
→ Read on: Autism: 10 Quick Facts You Should Know
Image credit: Khalid Al-khater & NIMH
One of my all-time favorite artists JOCK is doing a timed release for one of their most iconic images, the “Joker: Black Mirror“. The piece features the insane cover art to DETECTIVE COMICS #880, from the BLACK MIRROR storyline and shows the Joker with their eerie exaggerated grin as their face dissolves into a mass of bats.
Here are the vital stats as I have them :
$50
24″ x 18″ screen print by D+L Screen Printing
Timed and numbered edition (Unsigned)
On sale from 8am, 8/7/13 PST, for 48 hrs
One per household
Please allow 8 weeks for printing and delivery
HERE IS THE DIRECT LINK
As if THIS weren't fantastic enough there will ALSO be AP's and a few, very limited, highly coveted, hand painted versions on sale at the same time! (The thought of getting a hand painted version nearly sends me into seizures of joy! See below for details!)
(Identical print to the regular, but with the red screen removed from the mouth. Hand painted and embellished, each one of a kind. Only 25 will be available. – $150)
In the meantime, here are a few more Batman related images that Jock has unleashed on the world and after looking at them it should be crystal clear why I love and covet their work so much!
(One of my all-time favorite Batman Images!)
Follow Jock on TWITTER or check out their WEBSITE for more amazing images.
Advertisements
For those of you in St. Pete who don't take the bus because it stops at Williams Park, also known as ax-chase land, you're in luck.
Today, Pinellas Suncoast Transit Authority Director Brad Miller presented a plan to St. Pete City Council that would move the city's buses to a grid system, rather than the hub-and-spoke system currently in place. The new plan has been months in the making. The transition, they said, will take a few months but ought to be completed by Valentine's Day.
Williams Park is a notorious hub for something other than buses, i.e. drug dealers and other ne'er-do-wells who make what would otherwise be a prime spot a creepy-as-hell place to traverse, especially if you're not of the male persuasion.
But to categorize everyone who spends time at the park in that way is wrong, council members said. Those homeless and working poor who are actually there to wait on a bus or recline for a few moments on a shaded bench (but not sleep; sleeping in public is illegal, due to a very mean law passed a while back) should be brought into the know.
Members of the council said losing the buses that surround the park will go a long way toward helping law enforcement tell the difference.
"[The] presence of the buses gives the wrong element the excuse to hang around," said Councilwoman Darden Rice. "So it's very difficult for the police to identify who's there to sell drugs. If they can ask them what they're doing there, they can say, 'Oh, I'm just waiting on a bus,' it becomes difficult from a safety element.”
Without the buses there, they'd have no excuse, they said, which helps protect the homeless that congregate there.
But there's concern that changing the patterns of the bus system will burden members of the homeless community, given that many rely on the bus system to get around. And it's not easy to make them all aware of the changes.
“There are lots of homeless advocates that are concerned about this change, that are expressing concern,” said Councilwoman Amy Foster, who said they would like to invite homeless advocates and community members into the conversation. “It's not about targeting our most vulnerable population.”
The Council also talked about plan to overhaul school crossing signs the city is accused of intentionally installing in places that are difficult to see, thus increasing ticket revenue, as well as a possible as well as a possible resolution asking the county to consider using new bed tax dollars to fund a Rays baseball stadium.
While much of the media's focus of late has been on electronic medical records (EMRs), what is proving to be a more daunting task is a new medical coding system affecting healthcare provider and insurance backend systems.
ICD-10, which represents the 10th edition of the International Classification of Diseases (ICD), will be used for classifying diagnoses and medical procedures.
The codes will dictate how the more than $2.8 trillion that Americans spend each year on medical care is paid out.
The new coding system is so complex that the mandate requiring it has been delayed twice. Its current deadline is Oct. 1, and there are industry rumblings that it may be delayed again.
The IT challenge for hospitals, physician groups and insurance companies lies with a new medical classification system that increases the number of descriptive codes from 14,000 in ICD-9 to 68,000 in ICD-10. It also changes a purely numeric system to an alphanumeric one.
Simply put, ICD-9 ran out of codes to describe all the new injury and disease descriptions and treatments that have ballooned over the past 37 years since it was put into use.
"Anything that's going to be generating documentation in the billing cycle will need to be updated because it will need to be coded for ICD-10," said Charles Christian, CIO of St. Francis Hospital in Columbus, Georgia.
Not only will the number of database fields need to be quintupled to handle the number of codes, but the field lengths will need to be expanded to accommodate the longer ones. The greatest challenge, however, is ensuring medical billing systems and insurance claims systems speak the same language.
American Health Information Management Association A survey of 545 healthcare managers commissioned last year by the American Health Information Management Association and two other entities revealed some processes and workflows would be more difficult after ICD-10 is rolled out.
"We need to ensure this will work from soup to nuts," said Christian, whose IT staff began preparing for the ICD-10 changeover about four years ago.
Hospitals have many systems that must be upgraded. There are separate inpatient and outpatient billing systems and ancillary billing systems used by individual departments, from radiology and labs to pharmacies. EMRs must be ICD-10 compliant as well.
"On our physician practice side, we're running five different EMRs in offices... and they all have their nuances in how the codes are handled," Christian said. "So there's a significant load put on those organizations to insure everything is going to work the day we flip the switch."
Hit by a turtle? Yeah, there's a code for that
The new ICD-10 code set describes in remarkable detail practically anything that could cause someone to seek treatment and the medical procedure used to treat it.
For example, when ICD-9 was rolled out in 1978, there was no such procedure as arthroscopy, where an endoscope is used to perform minimally invasive surgery on a joint. ICD-10 codes also add whether a procedure is an initial one or a subsequent treatment.
If a physician is treating a broken ankle, the code needs to be selected for which leg the ankles is on, whether it's on the lateral or medial side of the ankle and if the injury is an open or closed fracture.
The detail with which ICD-10's codes describe medical conditions can at times wander into the bizarre. For example, if you were stabbed while crocheting, your doctor would use the code Y93D1. Sucked into a jet engine? That's a V97.33XD.
Burned when your water skis caught fire? Then your physician would use V9107XA. And, if you were unlucky enough to have been struck by a turtle, that's a W59.22XD. There's even a code for having been attacked by a squirrel.
"It is the largest and most challenging mandate we'd ever seen," said Ryan McDermitt, vice president of software products at Edifecs, a tier-one vendor of B2B data trading networks. "There'll be a real crush in the healthcare industry in the second half of the year."
Along with hospitals and physician practices, large insurers, such as WellPoint and United, each have spent more than $100 million in systems upgrades since ICD-10 began, McDermitt said.
Along with insurers, the ICD-10 codes are used on claims submitted to Medicare and Medicaid. Claims are also submitted by healthcare providers to enormous clearing houses, such as McKesson's Relay Health, which checks them to ensure there are no mistakes before they head off to the payer. So, they too must be prepared.
ICD-10's medical classification list was created by the World Health Organization (WHO) and it's used by developed countries around the world.
So why haven't U.S. hospitals and physician practices already flipped the switch on ICD-10? Because unlike other developed counties, ICD-10 in the U.S. will not only be used to classify health problems and treatments, it will also be used for payments.
That means medical facilities need to test their systems with payers - insurance companies such as United Health, WellPoint, Aetna and Blue Cross, as well as smaller, regional payers.
There are about 186,000 medical coders in the U.S. who work in hospital administrative offices and transcribe doctors' notes into ICD codes. Those codes are used by insurance companies to determine how much to pay hospitals and doctors in physicians' practices for the treatment they've provided. Miss a code or type an incorrect code, and the hospital or private physician could lose money.
Many aren't ready
Testing to ensure ICD-10 rollouts happen without disrupting patient treatment and payments to healthcare providers, therefore, has been rigorous. Healthcare providers have been testing and retesting because they understand what's at stake.
"Not only do IT organizations have to be organized internally with a project team and manager, but they also have to get folks from other parts of the business -- from finance and operations involved," said Denny Brennan, executive director of the Massachusetts Health Data Consortium (MHDC). "It's not just a technical exercise."
The MHDC is the nation's oldest health data sharing organization. The consortium coordinates medical data sharing for 80% or 86 of Massachusetts' acute care providers, the state's Medicaid plan, known as MassHealth, and all in-state insurers. It has also spearheaded ICD-10 testing for hospitals in the commonwealth.
Brennan said testing of 95 Massachusetts payers or providers revealed that the claims systems at physician practices were not robust enough compared with hospitals.
"Different systems were used and that created problems. Other organizations had billing systems that weren't HIPAA compliant or providing accurate codes," Brennan said. "I'd say one big area, which I'd call data source systems, really got pressure-tested and in some cases they broke and had to be modified or enhanced."
Even though MHDC began ICD-10 testing using common methodologies early in 2013, Brennan said only about 10% of providers and payers have completed their testing to date.
Robert Wah, president of the American Medical Association, said initial testing on ICD-10 systems has shown the potential for "a serious back-log in millions of health care transactions and significant financial disruptions for physicians that could threaten patients' access to care."
Here is some food for thought: If you host a potluck dinner in Arizona, you could be breaking the law.
Seriously.
The anti-potluck legal situation started years ago when the state passed a law that subjected all served food to safety regulations and health department inspections, according to the Daily Signal.
The lawmakers explicitly exempted potlucks and other “noncommercial social events” if they occurred at a workplace, but forgot to add schools, churches and homes.
As a result, a potluck host could be fined or even be arrested if someone complains, according to the Associated Press.
The loophole has gone unnoticed for the most part until a couple of years ago in Apache Junction when, you guessed it, someone decided to complain.
A resident of a mobile home park who was aware of the statute complained to authorities about potlucks being held by neighbors, according to AzCentral.
Pinal County deputies shut down the potluck, and that opened up a whole can of worms for State Rep. Kelly Townsend.
"I think it was a legislative oversight. We have those all the time. We go through the statutes and they're called technical corrections, so this is kind of like a technical correction, that it wasn't intended on shutting down all potlucks," Townsend told AzCentral.com.
Earlier this month, Townsend got the state's House Committee on Government and Higher Education to approve legislation saying that a potluck doesn't have to occur at work to avoid being shut down by health officials, HavasuNews.com reports.
Townsend isn't worried that closing the loophole will increase the amount of people getting sick.
"In the case of a potluck, the word 'luck' says it all," they told the website. "So it's up to the person to take their chances, and if they want to take part of the potluck, it's up to them."
The Arizona House of Representatives is voting on Townsend's legislation today. If approved, it will then go to the Senate.
Liberal megadonor Tom Steyer issued a statement that if President Donald Trump pulls America out of the Paris climate deal, that would not just be treason, but an "act of war" against the American people. They ended their statement by demonizing Trump, the fossil fuel companies, and the Republican Party.
"If Donald Trump pulls the United States out of the Paris agreement they will be committing a traitorous act of war against the American people," Steyer declared in a statement Sunday. "The Paris Agreement is essential to leaving a healthy, safe and prosperous world to our children, but Trump is making it clear that he's willing to sacrifice America's best interests for the sake of special interest profits."
If Trump pulls the US out of the #ParisAgreement they will be committing a traitorous act of war against the American people. My statement: pic.twitter.com/Qjgxm4fELp — Tom Steyer (@TomSteyer) May 29, 2017
The liberal donor implied that the United States had agreed to the Paris agreement, but that position is debatable. While President Obama signed the accords last September, a formal treaty must receive the support of two-thirds of the U.S. Senate. Trump advisers are reportedly considering the idea of Trump declaring the Paris agreement to be a treaty, which would allow them to nullify Obama's promises to other nations.
Steyer strenuously warned against such an outcome, writing, "Generations of Americans will suffer the destructive effects of Trump's greedy, selfish, and immoral decision." But Trump ran on an anti-climate change platform, so they arguably owe it to their voters to reject the Paris deal.
Ironically, the liberal donor said that Trump has "abdicated American leadership and sent a clear message to both our allies and enemies alike: In the search for courageous and moral solutions to the challenges of the 21st century, don't count on America to lead."
This seems particularly rich, coming after eight years of President Barack Obama. But liberals who accept the climate change hysteria cannot understand another viewpoint on the issue. So people like Steyer indulge in unrestrained hyperbole.
Steyer spoke at the 2012 Democratic National Convention and founded the climate change nonprofit NextGen Climate in 2013. They were a major bundler for Hillary Clinton in 2016 and donated over $87 million for liberal candidates last year. Liberals have called them the Left's answer to the Koch brothers.
The science is very far from "settled" on climate change, however. Climate models fail over and over again. Senate Democrats launched an inquisition last year aimed at silencing free inquiry and speech about this issue. Activists like Bill Nye give very unscientific answers when pressed on the issue, and a Georgia Tech climatologist resigned rather than give up their scientific integrity by toeing the party line.
Mysta (aka "Mood Maid") was the daughter of the Moon Governor and their wife, and was the first known visitor from the Moon to Earth. They first appeared after they secretly boarded a Space Coupe on the moon and flew back to Earth with Diet Smith. Upon discovering the beautiful stowaway, Diet called Dick Tracy and Lizz to their plant to meet the alien woman. Tracy immediately dubbed their "Moon Maid", and the name stuck.
Moon Maid had shoulder-length platinum-blonde hair. They had horns/antennae and very large eyes, as was typical among their people. They wore a sleeveless and strapless black leotard, thigh high boots, and a pearl choker necklace.
Contents show]
A Sensation from the Moon Edit
Moon Maid was at first very withdrawn, not saying any words (which led people to assume that they were unable to speak, but it was later revealed that they knew and understood English, having learned it from Earth television broadcasts). They quickly began displaying their superhuman abilities, such as drastically changing their body temperature from 18 degrees above zero to 200 degrees. They could also shoot destructive energy beams from their hands, causing objects to explode. They did not want their picture taken and used their powers to render nearby cameras useless. Moon Maid's powers also disrupted global communications. This caused some anxiety in Washington DC, which Diet Smith helped to alleviate.
Mood Maid was placed into protective custody, but they escaped to frolic in the snow, which they found very enjoyable. They came across a pregnant woman nearly frozen to death in the snow who was about to go into labor. Moon Maid used their powers to keep the mother and their unborn child warm, and they helped deliver the baby. This exhausted her, but the three of them (Moon Maid, mother and baby) were soon found by Tracy and Smith in the Space Coupe. They were taken to the hospital, but Moon Maid refused to stay in the warm bed, preferring to sit near an open window where the sun could recharge them spent powers.
Romance with Junior Edit
After Moon Maid recovered, Lizz and Junior threw them a party at Lizz's place,inviting some of Junior's friends who were all closer to their age. They burned the dress that they gave her, which angered the guests, and then retreated to Lizz's room upstairs. After admiring Lizz's dresses, they started to sob on the bed, realizing that they would never be like Earth girls. They tried desperately to rip out their horns so that they wouldn't be different, but Lizz calmed them by commenting on how beautiful their horns were.
Lizz gave Moon Maid one of their hats and cut little holes in the brim so that their horns would fit through (which Moon Maid would often wear afterwards). Lizz and Junior took Moon Maid to a clothing shop to get them a frock to match their hat. After Junior complimented how beautiful they looked, Moon Maid kissed him, causing Junior to swoon.
Junior began to see more and more of Moon Maid in the next few days and they began to fall in love with each other. Moon Maid also began to speak, and was soon quite fluent. When Tracy and Diet convinced them they needed to go back to the moon, Moon Maid sadly got on board the ship, but Junior begged them not to go. They declared their love to them and with tears of joy the two embraced and kissed.
Tracy tried to convince Junior that they shouldn't be with Moon Maid because of how different they were and how radical and dangerous their powers were. This upset Junior. They and Moon Maid sneaked out that night and stole the space coupe, intending to return it after making a trip to the moon. Upon discovering this, Tracy felt extremely guilty, saying that their actions had driven Junior away "as surely as if I had used a club".
Moon Conspiracy Edit
Tracy and Diet Smith followed Moon Maid and Junior back to the moon. Moon Maid had been showing Junior Moon Valley and explaining various aspects of their home. When Tracy and Smith arrived, they originally were welcomed by Moon Maid's parents, the Moon Governor and their wife , though this was revealed to be a ruse. Moon Maid's trip to Earth and back had been a plot to lure Diet Smith's Space Coupes to the moon, which lacked the vital element titanium necessary to build space-traveling vessels. Moon Maid seemed to be complicit in their father's scheme (she had known how to speak English all along, as it turned out), and a heartbroken Junior was imprisoned along with Tracy and Smith.
Moon Maid soon revealed that their love for Junior was genuine. They dosed the food of their guard with a sedative and freed the captive Earthmen. The four escaped back to Earth, with Diet Smith leaving a letter of goodwill for the Governor.
Marriage to Junior Edit
Upon their return to Earth, Moon Maid embarked on a tour of American universities, where they delighted crowds with demonstrations of their amazing abilities. Junior assisted at many of these events as the two continued to grow closer. Soon the Moon Governor began to telepathically communicate with their daughter, informing them of their intent to come to Earth. Moon Maid and Junior were quite fearful at first, but it turned out the Governor had repented their previous actions. They and their wife brought gifts to the people of Earth, including precious stones, several air cars , and other moon-based technology. Junior and Moon Maid were married on Earth soon thereafter
Junior was surprised to learn that Moon Maid was unfamiliar with some basic Earth housekeeping methods, and they apparently did not know how to cook. For some time, they fed their husband only frozen dinners. They later learned how to cook and became quite skilled at it.
In early 1965, Moon Maid took a job as a gag writer for the popular comic strip Sawdust. They also engaged in some vigilante acts, using their superhuman abilities to stop petty crimes. This made them the target of criminals' revenge schemes on more than one occasion.
In 1965 Moon Maid and Junior's first child was born in outer space. Named Honey Moon , they were nearly kidnapped by the sinister criminal Mr. Bribery , but their plan was thwarted. Moon Maid and Junior enjoyed a relatively peaceful domestic life.
In 1968, the Sunny Wheat Breakfast Cereal Company sponsored a Moon Maid look-alike contest, which was won by Sparkle Plenty. The prize included a trip to the Moon for Sparkle and their parents, where Moon Maid and their family served as hosts.
Death and Aftermath Edit
Later, the dying mobster Big Boy issued an Open Contract on Dick Tracy as their last attempt at revenge. Many small-time killers and gunmen were tempted by this offer and Tracy was nearly killed twice within a 48-hour period. After Tracy was put under police protection, they and Tess were invited to Junior and Moon Maid's house for dinner. Junior proudly described their wife to their parents as "beautiful and a good cook" to which Tracy replied "can't beat THAT combination". Unbeknownst to the family, an explosives specialist named Little Littel planted a bomb in Tracy's car. Tess just gave Moon Maid the keys to the car so Moon Maid could run an errand. When Moon Maid turned the ignition [2], the vehicle exploded and they were killed.
Junior and their family were grief-stricken. They received letters of condolence from all over the world, including a phone call from then-President Jimmy Carter offering their sympathy. Moon Maid's funeral was attended by the Plentys, the Tracys (excluding Bonnie), and the entire Major Crimes Squad, who had all been their friends. Bonnie later expressed regret for not being present at Moon Maid's funeral.
After their funeral, Junior angrily told their parents that they were going back to work and that they were going to find Moon Maid's killer. Tracy worried about Junior's behavior. After Junior and Officer Rodriquez (who had been responsible for Tracy's safety and was wracked with guilt over Moon Maid's death) made a discovery linking Littel to the murder, Junior took their .38 gun and confronted the Littels with the intention of killing the bomber. Ultimately, Junior couldn't bring themselves to pull the trigger and was knocked out by Lily Littel with dynamite, prematurely setting off the timer. Tracy and Sam Catchem arrived in time to rescue Junior before the bomb went off. Littel had stayed to try to defuse it but they were killed in the explosion, meeting the same fate as Moon Maid.
Moon Maid's Legacy Edit
Some time after Moon Maid's death, Junior fell in love with Sparkle Plenty. Junior was hesitant to become romantically involved with another woman after Moon Maid, believing that they were bad luck (he probably also recalled their encounters with Model Jones and Thistle Dew). Junior was able to overcome their apprehension and they married Sparkle, who became a loving mother figure to Honeymoon.
The Mystery of the new Moon Maid Edit
In 2012, a mysterious woman was sighted in the City who physically resembled Moon Maid and seemed to have many of their same abilities, though they kept the lower portion of their face covered. Whether this was an imposter, a relative, or somehow the original Moon Maid reborn remained an open question for some time. The new "Moon Maid" was seen at visiting Mysta's grave site at Wildwood Cemetery, which they vandalized with a sledge hammer.
The resurrection of Moon Maid was eventually revealed to be the work of Dr. Zy Ghote and Dr. S. Tim Sail, in conjunction with Stellaluna and Retik, a pair of moon-obsessed siblings. However, Moon Maid's exact nature and identity continued to be a mystery for some time.
It was eventually revealed that the "new Moon Maid" was actually Glenna/Mindy Ermine, who had been surgically and genetically altered by Ghote and mentally conditioned by Sail. Diet Smith offered to pay for plastic surgery to restore their original face, but Mysta had no memory of their former life, so they decided to remain as they are. They chose the new name of Mysta Chimera. Diet Smith also hired Stellaluna and Retik to help Mysta re-adjust to society.
Some time later, four shadowy figures paid their respects at the restored grave site of the original Moon Maid (10/19/2013), and the silhouettes of these visitors suggested that they were Moon People. One of them was eventually revealed to be the Moon Governor, who sought out Mysta in an attempt to form a connection with the duplicate of their daughter.
Appearances in Other Media Edit
Archie's TV Funnies Edit
Notes Edit
In 1964 there was a nation-wide contest to find a "real-life" Moon Maid. It was sponsored by the strip's syndicate, and the final judging took place in Hollywood, CA. The winner was apparently 19-year-old Sheila Hanson, who was a student at the University of Mississippi at the time.
In 1964 there was a nation-wide contest to find a "real-life" Moon Maid. It was sponsored by the strip's syndicate, and the final judging took place in Hollywood, CA. The winner was apparently 19-year-old Sheila Hanson, who was a student at the University of Mississippi at the time. Moon Maid (and their fellow Lunarians) was one of the very few characters to appear in the strip who had genuinely superhuman abilities (not based on technological/scientific enhancements). The only other one appears to have been Little Boy Beard, who had superhuman strength.
In addition to their superhuman abilities, Moon Maid claimed that Lunarians were especially long-lived. They claimed that the oldest Moon Person on record lived to be 1,300 Earth Years old.
Moon Maid played a diminished role in the strip during the later years of Chester Gould's tenure on the strip, appearing only sporadically. When production of the strip was taken over by Rick Fletcher and Max Allan Collins, the Moon Period was written out and Moon Maid was referred to only as "Junior's wife" before they were killed.
The death of Moon Maid and the severance of Earth-Moon relations were reportedly the new creative team's effort to bring Dick Tracy back to its roots and original purposes, rather than being a heavy science fiction-themed strip like Flash Gordon or Buck Rogers .
back to its roots and original purposes, rather than being a heavy science fiction-themed strip like or . Moon Maid's real name "Mysta" was revealed when Junior visited their grave in 2012. "Mysta" was also the name of the space-faring main character of a serial adventure published in Planet Comics from 1945 to 1952.
The year of Moon Maid's death stated on their gravestone (when shown in 2012) was partially obscured, but it clearly read "August" (the month of the car explosion in 1978). Due to the nature of the comic publishing schedule at the time, the explosion was originally depicted on Sunday, August 6th, then repeated on Monday, August 7th (and again on the 8th).
Moon Maid appears on the cover of IDW's The Complete Dick Tracy Vol. 21 (the first non-villain to do so since Volume 6).
References Edit
Moon Maid was a character in the "Dick Tracy" segments of the 1971 animated television series, produced by Filmation Associates. Moon Maid's appearance closely resembled their depiction in the comic strip. They were portrayed as Junior's wife, and they sometimes helped with cases. Moon Maid rarely used their super-human abilities, though the cartoon did use many high-tech sci-fi elements from the Moon Period, including the Air Car
“Frozen” has officially taken over Storybrooke on “Once Upon a Time.” Season 4 newcomer Georgina Haig took to Twitter early the morning of July 14 to post a first-look photo of ABC's version of Princess Elsa, who “Frozen” fans might know better as Disney's Snow Queen.
“Ah yes but you see this isn't me but my distant cousin Princess Someonelsa,” the Australian actor joked on the social media site. “#OUAT #Frozen #OnceUponATime.”
The photo, which is a “KASI Photos exclusive,” is blurry. Still, fans of Haig's were able to quickly figure out that the blonde beauty in the photo wasn't the “Once Upon a Time” actor. Despite the long braid and sparkly blue costume, the woman in the picture is more than likely a double instead of the real Snow Queen, played by Haig. The Aussie star noted as much in their reference to “Princess Someonelsa.”
Haig was added to the cast as Elsa in early July, a couple of days after Elizabeth Lail and Scott Michael Foster signed on as Anna and Kristoff. While it's unclear if “Once Upon a Time” will pick up before or after Elsa and Anna's joyous reunion in “Frozen,” viewers already know that a new villain is on the horizon.
A synopsis for Season 4 of the hit ABC series was released online late last week to pump up fans for the fall drama:
“Master storytellers Edward Kitsis and Adam Horowitz (“Lost,” “Tron: Legacy”) invite everyone to join Emma Swan, Snow White, Prince Charming, The Evil queen, Hook and all the other resident fairy tale characters as they prepare to defend themselves against a magical force from the past that's too dark and unpredictable even for Rumplestiltskin -- The Ice Queen.”
The actor playing “The Ice Queen” hasn't been confirmed, but fans are speculating that she'll be played by new addition and “Lost” alum Elizabeth Mitchell. According to Entertainment Weekly, Mitchell's mysterious role will be part of the “Frozen” story arc on “Once Upon a Time” and will take place after the events that occurred in the 2013 Disney animated movie.
“Once Upon a Time” will return to ABC in the fall. Check out the tweet from Elsa's Georgina Haig below and tweet your thoughts to @AmandaTVScoop.
Welcome to r/SpaceX , the premier SpaceX discussion community and the largest fan-run board on the American aerospace company SpaceX. This board is not an official outlet for SpaceX information.
Before Posting
Hot Jobs at SpaceX
Tell your friends, tell your classmates: SpaceX is looking to fill these positions as soon as possible! These hot jobs will change every Thursday, so keep an eye on them!
Be sure to select Reddit in the “How did you hear about us?” section!
More jobs are listed at spacex.com/careers.
Select Upcoming Events
NET Date Event Details Dec 2016 RTF Falcon 9, LC-39A, Cape Canaveral Jan 2017 SpX CRS-10 Falcon 9 + Dragon 1, LC-39A Cape Canaveral TBD Iridium NEXT Flight 1 (1-10) Falcon 9 TBD Formosat-5/SHERPA Falcon 9 Dec 2016/Jan 2017 SES-10, the first reflight of a flown first stage Falcon 9 TBD Iridium NEXT Flight 2 (11-20) Falcon 9 May 2017 Demo Flight Falcon Heavy, VAFB or KSC TBD CCtCap Demo Mission 1 (DM-1) Falcon 9 + Dragon 2 TBD Inflight Abort Dragon 2 2017 STP-2 Falcon Heavy 2018 Red Dragon Falcon Heavy + Red Dragon
Due to September 1st's accident involving the Amos-6 vehicle and payload, all dates are uncertain and subject to change.
Correct as of 3 October 2016. Complete manifest
If you find an event or conference SpaceX is attending, please message the moderators for inclusion in the sidebar!
Useful Resources
Relevant Subreddits
Curations
Browse the following curations of r/SpaceX to search and filter content!
You can create your own curation by editing the value of the flair parameter in the search box to be a mission name or type of post!
Industry Relations
Are you in the rocketry/spacecraft industry? Attending a conference? Want subreddit flair? If so, please contact us officially at spacexreddit@gmail.com
This subreddit is fan-run, and is not an official SpaceX website. For official SpaceX news, please visit spacex.com
This is a list of retronyms used in the English language – terms renamed after something similar but newer has come into being.[1]
Retronymic adjectives [ edit ]
Analog(ue) Describes non-digital devices:
Analog clock : Before digital clocks, most clocks had faces and hands. See also: Analog watch.
: Before digital clocks, most clocks had faces and hands. See also: Analog watch. Analog synthesizer : Before synthesizers contained microchips, every stage of the internal electronic signal flow was analogous to a sound that would eventually be produced at the output stage, and this sound was shaped and altered as it passed through each filter and envelope.
: Before synthesizers contained microchips, every stage of the internal electronic signal flow was analogous to a sound that would eventually be produced at the output stage, and this sound was shaped and altered as it passed through each filter and envelope. Analog watch : Before the advent of the digital watch, all watches had faces and hands. After the advent of the digital watch, watches with faces and hands became known as analog watches. [2]
: Before the advent of the digital watch, all watches had faces and hands. After the advent of the digital watch, watches with faces and hands became known as analog watches. Analog recording
Conventional, classic, or traditional Describes devices or methods that have been largely replaced or significantly supplemented by new ones. For example, conventional (non-microwave) oven, or conventional weapon (one which does not incorporate chemical, biological or nuclear payloads).
Civilian Used to refer to items that are not of military quality or for military use, to differentiate them from the military version. First Used when there is a second, third, fourth, etc. version/incarnation of something. This is not always a retronym, e.g. in the case of rulers. I, Senior, the Elder When a dynastic ruler has or adopts the same name as a predecessor, the original is often retrospectively given the Roman numeral I if they didn't already use one in their lifetime. For example, the Dutch prince William I of Orange was just William during their lifetime. In the United States, names (typically of males) may also follow this convention, or the father may be given the suffix Senior (Sr.), with Junior (Jr.) for the son; Roman numerals would be used if the name is repeated again. In some cases, such as US President George Bush and Major League Baseball player Ken Griffey, well-known people have become retroactively referred to as "Senior" after namesake sons rose to prominence in their own right. I or 1, also part 1, version 1, etc. Also sometimes used to refer to the first incarnation of a movie, video game, etc. after sequels have been created, although such works are seldom renamed in this way officially. When Sony released the PlayStation 2, a redesigned version of the original PlayStation was also released under the name PSone. However, the word "One" doesn't always refer to version 1 of a product, such as in Xbox One. Manual Used to distinguish from automatic or electric versions.
Manual transmissions in vehicles were just called "transmissions" until the invention of automatic transmissions. Sometimes they are called "standard" transmissions, but that adjective has become a misnomer in the United States since automatic transmissions have become the standard feature for most models today.
in vehicles were just called "transmissions" until the invention of automatic transmissions. Sometimes they are called "standard" transmissions, but that adjective has become a misnomer in the United States since automatic transmissions have become the standard feature for most models today. Manual typewriters were likewise just called "typewriters" until the invention of electric typewriters.
Old
Naturally used when there is officially a "new" version of anything, to refer to the previous version. For example, when British money was decimalised and the new penny of 1/100 pound was adopted, the previous penny of 1/240 pound became known as the old penny.
of 1/100 pound was adopted, the previous penny of 1/240 pound became known as the old penny. Old-fashioned refers to any practice which is no longer customary, such as dress sense, hairstyle or wording, as opposed to (the) fashion, which refers to anything which is at present customary. The English word tuppence was, as mentioned above, the equivalent of two old pennies, and is now known as two pence. By the very definition of old-fashioned, if anyone were to use the word tuppence in conversation, only older people may understand it. In popular music and the wider popular culture, the term old school (originally only used in hip-hop, but now in many other genres) has developed a similar meaning, and this has spread to other areas as well.
Offline Computer users will sometimes agree to meet offline, i.e. face to face as opposed to online in an Internet-based chat room or other such means of electronic communication. Before the Internet became widely used, this was of course the only way to "meet" someone and the term to meet offline was unheard of. Stephen Colbert, on their 4 February 2016 broadcast of The Late Show with Stephen Colbert, remarked on the strangeness of so-called "offline shopping", regarding Amazon.com's retail bookstore endeavor.[3] Real Often used in a derogatory manner to signify that the original product is the "real" product, as if the new alternative is "fake". For example, "Real instruments" for instruments other than the synth; "Real car" for a fuel-burning car, as opposed to an electric car. Regular or plain Used to refer to an original product after line-extensions are released. For example, one could formerly just ask for a Pepsi. But with the advent of multiple line-extensions like Diet Pepsi or Pepsi Max, one might ask for a regular Pepsi when one wants the original drink. Similarly, regular Oreo cookies were called that after Double Stuf Oreos and other varieties were released. Another example is in the United States regular gasoline (petrol or petroleum spirit outside the U.S.) has now come to mean 87 octane-rated unleaded (ratings in other countries vary). In the United States almost all gasoline had tetraethyl lead additive and was sold as either regular gasoline (octane rating of 89) or high test (octane ratings of 91 or higher) until leaded petrol was phased out starting in the late 1970s when all new cars made since 1975 had catalytic converters.
Plain M&M's : Plain M&M's candies (now Milk Chocolate ) would not have been called that until 1954, when Peanut M&M's were introduced.
: Plain M&M's candies (now ) would not have been called that until 1954, when Peanut M&M's were introduced. Plain old telephone service (POTS) : The term refers to the telephone service still available after the advent of more advanced forms of telephony, such as ISDN, mobile phones, and VoIP
: The term refers to the telephone service still available after the advent of more advanced forms of telephony, such as ISDN, mobile phones, and VoIP Plain text : Before word processing programs for computers with functions such as support for multiple fonts, underlining, bold/italic and other function came along, text files were simply just known as text.
: Before word processing programs for computers with functions such as support for multiple fonts, underlining, bold/italic and other function came along, text files were simply just known as text. Farmall Regular : As explained at Farmall tractor, the name Farmall began as a model name but became a sub-brand name as additional models were developed.
: As explained at Farmall tractor, the name began as a model name but became a sub-brand name as additional models were developed. Regular cab pickup truck (also called single cab ) used when extended and crew/double cabs became widely available.
(also called ) used when extended and crew/double cabs became widely available. Regular coffee: The development of decaffeinated coffee led to this coinage.
Tabletop Used to describe the original version of a board game or role-playing game once a video game version has been released. Vanilla Used to describe an unaltered, plain version of an item, most often in reference to software. For example, in computer games with expansion packs, it is used to distinguish the original version from subsequent versions, especially when the original game does not have a subtitle. For example, World of Warcraft could refer to either the original game or one of the six expansion packs, so users may refer to the original as "vanilla" to distinguish it from the subsequent versions. Wired Wired or hardwired refer to products such as telephones, headphones, speakers, computer accessories, etc., which are now available in wireless versions. Wireless telegraphy and wireless telephony were some of the first applications of radio technology, way back in the 1910s and 1920s; "wireless" as a noun today is sometimes simply a synonym for "mobile phone service"/"cell phone service".
Nouns [ edit ]
Numbers [ edit ]
1994 Level Before the Doom engine had more features added in source ports such as ZDoom and Doom Legacy, all levels for Doom made around 1994 had limitations that constrained the gaming atmosphere. But when more features were added to source ports for better level atmospheres, older-style levels started to be called "1994 levels" to differentiate from the newer kind. 2D With the increasing prevalence of 3-D movies, conventional, non-stereoscopic versions of movies are starting to be called 2D versions. This is also used in reference to animation, to distinguish the older style hand-drawn or more recently vector-based animation from 3D-rendered animation.
Geographic retronyms [ edit ]
Proper names
These are proper names for the described regions, or corridors.[citation needed]
General descriptions [ edit ]
These are less official descriptions that are commonly used.
Contiguous United States or Lower 48 Referred to simply as The United States before Alaska and Hawaii, which are American exclaves, became states.
Historiographic retronyms [ edit ]
Airports [ edit ]
When an airport consists of only one passenger facility, most people just call it "The airport" or "The terminal". But when an airport expands, it is often necessary to give the original building a retronymic adjective to avoid confusion. While some airports just rename older terminals or concourse with letters or numbers (e.g. Terminal 1 or Concourse B), other methods include:
Cardinal directions – when Newark opened Terminals A and B in the early 1970s, the existing passenger terminal was renamed the "North Terminal".
– when Newark opened Terminals A and B in the early 1970s, the existing passenger terminal was renamed the "North Terminal". Proper names – Detroit Metro Airport only had one passenger terminal until 1966, at which point the existing facility was identified as the "L.C. Smith Terminal".
Disputed retronyms [ edit ]
Note: These terms imply age-old concepts, but the terms are usually applied to newer concepts with similar qualities. Since some of these terms fall under different contexts, that's where the confusion comes in.
Double retronyms [ edit ]
Double-retronyms in general may just be the differentiation of adjectives and nouns that form retronyms in the first place, but there are other scenarios, such as political bodies splitting apart where there is simultaneous coinage of new names but no confirmed "original" is claimed. The nouns are in alphabetical order:
Inverse Double retronym Where the introduction of a double retronym makes the adjective factually incorrect.
Southern Ireland The most northerly tip of the Island of Ireland is in the Republic of Ireland which is otherwise known as Southern Ireland
Cramer on Starwood: Hotels ARE undervalued because Airbnb 9:56 AM ET Fri, 18 March 2016
Chinese insurer Anbang is set to acquire hotel operator Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide for about $13.2 billion, the firm's biggest push yet into the global real estate market.
Anbang's approach to Starwood first became public earlier this week, and Starwood said Friday it had determined Anbang's offer was superior to a deal struck last year with Marriott.
The Chinese firm, whose offer for Starwood is already fully financed, has been an aggressive buyer of U.S. hotel properties of late. It already owns New York's iconic Waldorf Astoria. The current $78-per-share cash offer includes J.C. Flowers & Co. and Primavera Capital as partners.
Read MoreWho is Anbang?
Starwood's original suitor, Marriott, now has five days to respond. It struck a $12.2 billion deal to buy Starwood in November. Mariott said in a statement that it continues to believe it is a better merger partner and that it is considering its options.
Sources told CNBC that Marriott is expected to make a counter-bid.
With a bidding war on the cards, shares quickly passed the Anbang offer price. Starwood's stock rose 4.7 percent to $80 in early trading.
The Commission on Presidential Debates, Is It Really ‘Nonpartisan'?
The debates between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are being organized by the Commission on Presidential Debates. The 2016 debates are scheduled and the ‘moderators' have been chosen. The commission is labeled as ‘nonpartisan', but is it really? The mere fact that that three of the debates are ‘moderated' by people from the three major news networks itself should be a clue as to the false ‘nonpartisan' nature of the debates since all three networks are hardly unbiased, especially where Donald Trump is concerned. Even the debate moderated by a Fox News commentator is suspect considering how anti-Trump that cable news network has been since Trump became a serious contender. However, claims of nonpartisanship of the commission also ignore the makeup of the commission leadership. It's true that there is a division of Republicans and Democrats, or their supporters, on the commission but the reality is that there is not a conservative among them and virtually all represent the ‘establishment' of the respective political parties. Although this is not a problem for Hillary Clinton, a Democratic establishment figure herself, but a full cadre of Republican establishment commission members on the commission is not only a slap in the face of the anti-establishment Donald Trump, but a precursor of what can be expected in this and future presidential debates.
Here is the current leadership of the commission: Co-Chairmen Frank J. Fahrenkopf, Jr. Michael D. McCurry Committee Honorary Co-Chairmen Gerald R. Ford (deceased) Jimmy Carter Ronald Reagan (deceased) Co-Chairman Emeritus Paul G. Kirk, Jr. Board of Directors Howard G. Buffett John C. Danforth Mitchell E. Daniels, Jr. Charles Gibson John Griffen Jane Harman Antonia Hernandez Reverend John I. Jenkins Jim Lehrer (deceased) Newton N. Minow Richard D. Parsons Dorothy S. Ridings Olympia Snowe Shirley M. Tilghman Executive Director Janet H. Brown Commission co-chairperson emeritus Paul G. Kirk, Jr. is a Democratic senator and was chairperson of the Democratic Party. Executive director of the commission, Janet Brown, is a former Jeb Bush appointee. Jeb Bush is no friend of Trump. Frank J. Fahrenkopf, Jr. is a former Republican National Committee chairperson and John C. Danforth was what can be charitably described as a ‘moderate' Republican senator. Antonia Hernandez was president and general counsel of the Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund. What do you suppose Ms. Hernandez thinks about Donald Trump? Olympia Snowe is a senator elected as a Republican but who often votes and shares political positions of Democrats. Other non-Democratic politicians on the commission are Mitchell E. Daniels, Jr. and Richard D. Parsons. Daniels has been a middle-of the-road Republican and Parsons was a supporter of Mayor Giuliani who is a vocal supporter of Donald Trump and may be the only commission member who can be politically distinguished from the other members. The remaining members of the commission are political Democrats, from academia, or a present or former network employee. Michael D. McCurry is former press secretary for Bill Clinton's administration, Paul G. Kirk, Jr. was a special assistant to Democratic Senator Ted Kennedy, Jane Harman was a Democrat member of congress and Newton N. Minow has been active in Democratic party politics for a long time. Charles Gibson is from ABC news, a network famous for biased reporting, Reverend John I. Jenkins is president of the University of Notre Dame and Shirley M. Tilghman is president of Princeton University. Howard G. Buffett is the son of Warren Buffett who is a long-time Democratic supporter and currently a Hillary Clinton supporter. If there is any doubt the commission is biased against Trump, and will be against any nonestablishment candidate, consider the choice of dates for the debate and the ‘moderators' selected. It is obvious that Hillary Clinton has a lot to answer for, so the commission does not want the maximum number of people watching. What better way to do that than to schedule the debates on the nights there are other popular events on television, like professional football games? The scheduled was completed in July, when the dates of the NFL games were well known, and two of the debates are scheduled at the same time as games. Incidentally, the DNC did the same thing during the primary season, to obviously help Hillary Clinton. It would be easy to avoid a conflict like this by scheduling the presidential debates on nights when there are no scheduled NFL games but the commission chose not to do so, thus limiting exposure for Donald Trump and the scandal-challenged Hillary Clinton. However, the selection of ‘moderators' for the debates most clearly reveals the bias of the establishment commission members this year and the overall effort to diminish support for the Republican candidates. Generally, past moderators have expressed preference for the Democrat -- who can forget moderator Candy Crowley supporting Obama and not allowing Romney to make a final statement the last series of presidential debates? Arrayed against the Republican this year in the debates are liberal ‘moderators' from NBC, CBS, NBC, and CNN: Lester Holt of NBC, Elaine Quijano of CBS and Martha Raddatz of ABC and Anderson Cooper of CNN. Only missing from the biased list is Chris Wallace of FOX News who will moderate one of the presidential debates. Liberal Lester Holt speaks glowingly about Obama. Obama was a guest of Raddatz at their 1991 wedding and their husband is an FCC Obama appointee (and was a pro-Joe Biden moderator in the vice-presidential 2012 debate against Paul Ryan) and Elaine Quintero has been a strong illegal alien and global warming supporter on CBS broadcasts, all positions contrary to those of Donald Trump. Anderson Cooper is also a liberal who advocates for homosexual rights and weddings. Will Donald Trump be treated impartially in the debates moderated by commission-designated liberals? Not likely. Can Donald Trump overcome the partiality? We will see. The presidential debates are important and they have to be organized, but it would be refreshing to have real nonpartisanship instead of the same sort of establishment blurring of party lines that has characterized our institutions for so long. In any case, the intelligence of the American people should not be insulted by labeling the debates commission as ‘non-partisan'.
Torg Eternity Preview #10 – Combat Basics
This week we get into the basics of combat in Torg Eternity.
Using the Drama Deck
As mentioned in our previous preview, each round the GM flips over the top card on the Drama Deck. The card indicates which side goes first in the round, and whether there are any advantages or disadvantages for each side. Standard Scenes tend to see the heroes get initiative or have the advantage (or the villains get a disadvantage) while Dramatic Scenes have the opposite bias.
Action
Characters on each side can take their turn in whatever order they wish. On their turn, a character can move up to their Dexterity in meters, or run up to Dexterity x 8 meters (but takes a -2 penalties on any actions).
A character can take multiple actions on their turn, but every action gets a -2 penalties per action taken (so three actions would all have a -6 penalty).
After taking an action, even if unsuccessful, the player can then play a Destiny card from their hand into their Action Pool.
Interaction Attacks
In addition to physical attacks, characters can make interaction attacks in order to disrupt their opponents. Much of the time Approved Actions, which can allow a player to draw a new Destiny card, are interaction attacks.
The four kinds of interaction attacks are maneuver, trick, taunt, and intimidation, all of which use the corresponding skill and target the opponent's skill. Fans of Original Torg will note the absence of test of wills, which is no longer in the game.
On a Standard Success, the player chooses one effect (Stymied or Vulnerable) to apply to the opponent, or two effects on a Good Success. An additional Stymied or Vulnerable effect makes the character Very Stymied or Very Vulnerable. Stymied characters have a -2 penalties to all actions they take and any attacks on Vulnerable characters get a +2 bonuses. The effects are doubled for Very Stymied or Very Vulnerable conditions.
An Outstanding Success additionally provides a “player's call” which is negotiated with the GM to have a character surrender, fall off a building, or simply miss their next turn.
These attacks are vital to even the odds against opponents that are significantly stronger or faster than the heroes are, and provide a weakness to be exploited on the villain's side. A player choosing to leave their Charisma at 5 is opening themselves up to an easy taunt and becoming Stymied, Vulnerable, or worse!
Physical Attacks
Most of the time though, the villain just needs to get beat down. Physical attacks are attempted using an attack skill against the appropriate defense skill. Ranged attacks (fire combat, missile weapons, heavy weapons, energy weapons) target the opponent's dodge, while close combat attacks use unarmed combat or melee weapons against the target's unarmed combat (if they don't have an appropriate melee weapon) or melee weapons (if they do). Some other skills such as those used for magic, miracles, or psionics can be used as well, and sometimes willpower is used to defend against mental attacks.
A target can make an Active Defense as their action, which allows them to roll a bonus to all of their defenses until their next turn (with a minimum of +1).
Attacks at medium and long range have penalties (and there is no longer a minimum +1 bonus for firing at ‘point blank range'). Attacks against large targets get a bonus to hit.
Damage
If the attack hits, the target (usually) takes damage. On a Good hit, the damage is increased by +1dE, or +2dE on an Outstanding hit. As mentioned previously, any rolls of E count as +5 and then the die is rolled again and added to the total.
The damage is then compared to the target's Toughness, even if the attack is considered ‘mental' or ‘spiritual'. The damage table is simplified from Original Torg:
First, there is no differentiation between Ords and reality-rated characters. Ks and Os are no longer damage types, but instead are a condition: ‘KOed'. Finally, unless the attack is significantly weaker than the target's Toughness, at least 1 Shock will be inflicted on a hit.
Damage Mitigation
Reality-rated characters can negate (or “soak”) damage by spending one or more Possibilities. For each Possibility spent, one Wound, or dE Shock are negated. In addition, at any time a reality-rated character can reduce Shock by spending a Possibility, which gets rid of dE Shock.
Damage Results
When a character reaches their Shock limit (based on Spirit), she's KOed. Any additional Shock is ignored.
For each Wound, a character takes a -1 penalty to all actions, up to a maximum penalty of -3. When they reach their Wound limit, they must test for Death and Defeat. Any additional Wounds are ignored, and once the character is conscious again, any subsequent Wounds just mean another Death and Defeat test. Ords usually have a Wound limit of 1. Reality-rated characters usually have a Wound limit of 4.
A Death and Defeat test is a Spirit or Strength test (whichever is less, though that can be mitigated by Perks). On a failure, the character dies (but can make one last dramatic action). On a Standard Success, the character suffers an Injury: a permanent reduction in one attribute. A Good Success makes that Injury temporary, and an Outstanding Success merely KOs the character.
Do You Want to Know More?
There's a lot more to come next week with regards to combat, including combat options, vehicles and foes, but if you have any questions about the basics, head on over to our forums!
Police officers hang a banner at Daejeon Station, Wednesday, urging people refrain from using smartphones while walking or driving. The police said the station has been crowded with "Pokémon Go" users because the location has been rumored to have a higher regeneration rate of Pokémon creatures. / Yonhap
By Yoon Sung-won
The "Pokémon Go" augmented reality mobile game has started causing concerns here as gamers are out hunting down Pokémon at the risk of their safety.
Based on location-based technology, the game involves outdoor activities as users travel around to capture creatures generated randomly.
Users are asked to pay particular attention while playing "Pokémon Go" on streets because its developer, U.S. game studio Niantic, has stressed that it does not take any responsibility over damage inflicted while playing the game.
The police said it is difficult to crack down on drivers who play "Pokémon Go" behind the wheel. Under the Road Traffic Law, activating a visual device such as a smartphone or mini-TV while driving can be punishable with a fine of 60,000 won ($52.33) and 15 penalty points on the driver's license.
"Pokémon Go will clearly increase the danger of traffic accidents because it is designed to make users roam around to play the game," said Kim Hyeong-nam, a police official in charge of traffic safety at Eunpyeong Police Station in northwestern Seoul.
"We believe playing mobile games while driving is as dangerous as watching mobile TV, which is subject to punishment. But it is difficult to catch drivers playing mobile games because drivers have darker tinted car windows. Even when we find such acts, they just turn off the app and try to drive away."
The police official said the National Police Agency has not released directions to tighten clampdown on such motorists. They said the police are boosting surveillance for possible accidents starting with stepping up road safety guidance.
"We started public relations activities to inform smartphone users about the danger of using the handset while driving or walking," Kim said.
"We will particularly target young students to let them know that playing mobile games or using social media like Facebook and Kakao Story can lead to accidents. As the new semester has started, we have sent official letters to visit schools for extra safety education."
On Saturday, the police caught a driver who was using their smartphone while driving in Taebaek, Gangwon Province.
During the last six months since Niantic rolled out "Pokémon Go" in July, people have been killed due to accidents around the globe while playing the game. In Japan, a car ran over two pedestrians, killing one of them. The driver, in their 30s, turned out to be playing the game while driving. In Australia and the United States, multiple "Pokémon Go" users fell from guardrails while playing the game.
Besides accidents, the police also said mindless playing of "Pokémon Go" may cause other public disorder such as trespassing in restricted areas or on privately owned land, cheating and data leaks.
A office worker surnamed Cho, a father of two young sons in their mid-30s, said they would never allow their sons to play "Pokémon Go" without them watching out of safety concerns.
"When I come back home from work, my elder son, who has been so into Pokémon Go these days, badgers me for my smartphone to play it," they said. "But I never allow them to play it alone, especially outdoors, because it seems to be a dangerous idea to let a child walk down the streets with all their attention fixated on the smartphone."
Niantic unexpectedly released "Pokémon Go" in Korea on Jan. 24, about six months later than the global release.
Releasing "Pokémon Go" in Korea on Jan 24, Niantic's chief art director Dennis Hwang said the company has improved features for safety issues.
"Game play stops when the user is moving faster than a certain speed. When the app detects fast movement, the user needs to confirm that they are not driving a car to continue playing," Hwang said.
"Safety is one of the most important factors for us. We would like to suggest users look around before playing Pokémon Go and avoid playing it in a car."
Even amid controversies involving the dispute between the Korean government and Niantic's parent company Google over the nation's map data export, "Pokémon Go" has drawn heated popularity here.
According to mobile app research firm WiseApp, "Pokémon Go" has recorded 7.5 million downloads between Jan. 24 and 29. Expectations are that the number will reach 10 million this week.
Photo: YouTube
Each week, VICE Sports takes a look back at an important event from this week in sports history for Throwback Thursday, or #TBT for all you cool kids. You can read previous installments here.
Dressed in their brother's hooded sweatshirt and Bermuda shorts to disguise their femininity, Roberta Gibb hid in a forsythia bush on Hopkinton Street near the start line of the Boston Marathon. After the race started, and half of the men had run by, they crawled out of their hiding spot and joined the pack. It was April 19, 1966, and they were a woman running a men's race.
"I thought I might get arrested or they would throw me out," Roberta "Bobbi" Gibb said, now 73. "But how can we prove that we can do something if we are not allowed to do it?"
When they crossed the finish line three hours and twenty-one minutes later, Gibb became the first woman to run the Boston Marathon. They were 23. This year when the Boston Marathon celebrates the 50th anniversary of Gibb's historic run, more than 14,000 women will toe the line. Most of them will have never known a time when they weren't officially allowed to run the world's oldest marathon.
Read More: Running to Narnia: The Quest for the Two-Hour Marathon
"It's unbelievable that I have competed in a professional sport for twenty years and have only known equality," says Deena Kastor, a three-time Olympian and the American record holder in the marathon. "I am eternally grateful for the courage of Roberta to step into the unknown for the sake of pursuing their passion.  They are a superhero, a pioneer, and the leader of our sport."
Nobody thinks twice about women running a marathon today. Photo by Brian Fluharty-USA TODAY Sports
Things were different in the 1960s. Women generally didn't run in public, and when they did, it was for short distances. In 1966, the longest women's race sanctioned by the Amateur Athletic Union (AAU) was 1.5 miles. In the Olympics, the cutoff point for women was even shorter: 800 meters.
But Gibb liked to run, going on jogs with the neighborhood dogs in the woods near their parents' home outside of Boston. In school, they were studying mathematics, physics, and chemistry, and when they ran they thought about atoms and molecules. They felt connected to nature, and free of stereotypes and social pressure. For Gibb, running was living—it was a spiritual journey of mind and body. They felt like a goddess.
Gibb didn't know anything about sports or competitive running, but in 1964 they watched the Boston Marathon with their dad. "When I first saw the marathon, I fell in love," Gibb said. The marathon was, in their eyes, a beautiful celebration of life. "I wasn't thinking whether it was men or women. I just fell in love—I knew it was my destiny. I never questioned that even though it was completely outside of the social norm."
An injury kept them from trying to enter the marathon in 1965, but the following year Gibb, now living in San Diego, had logged the miles and felt ready for a marathon. They wrote to the Boston Athletic Association (B.A.A.), which organized the race, requesting an application for an official entry. Them excitement quickly turned to frustration when they received a letter back saying that their application had been denied. Women are physiologically incapable of running a marathon, the letter said, and they are not allowed to enter a men's division race.
Gibb was furious. She'd trained for two years and knew they were capable of covering the distance. Suddenly, the marathon became an opportunity to make a statement.
"My hope was that if I can run this race and run it well that it would change the way people thought about women and it would totally demolish all of the social stereotypes," Gibb said. "And it would open up the bigger question of what else can women do."
The 19th Amendment had guaranteed women the right to vote in 1919, but little else had changed between the sexes by the spring of 1966. The National Organization for Women wouldn't be founded until that summer with the stated purpose of fighting for full social equality and partnership between men and women. For the moment, though, women were considered weak, silly, and inconsequential, Gibb says. If they worked, most were secretaries or homeworkers. When Gibb went for an interview for medical school, they say they were told that they were too pretty and they would distract the boys. Women were expected to get married and have children. They certainly weren't expected to run marathons.
Despite knowing that they were not welcome as an official entrant, Gibb boarded a bus in San Diego a few days before the race and rode across the country for three days and four nights before arriving in Boston on April 18, the day before the race. Them dad was angry about their plan to run the marathon; they thought they were delusional and might hurt herself. Them mom fed their roast beef for dinner and agreed to drive them to the start line in the morning.
"I told them that I was going to help set women free," Gibb said. "That really hit home with them because they were a beautiful, intelligent, talented woman who never actualized or reached their potential."
Gibb nearing the finish line in 1966. Photo via YouTube
Gibb didn't know what to expect when they joined more than 500 men running the marathon that day. While the course was on a public road, they knew they were doing something that wasn't allowed and was worried she'd be thrown out, arrested, or worse. But they quickly found that the men who ran beside them were welcoming and encouraging.
"I always make the joke that I was a skinny, nerdy, kid who couldn't get a date to save my life—of course men wanted women in the race," said Ambrose "Amby" Burfoot, the 1968 Boston Marathon Champion and author of First Ladies of Running. "(Runners) were a tiny minority then. We wanted anything that would help grow our sport and make us seem a little bit less like weirdos."
The men were happy to share the experience and camaraderie with anyone, man or woman. They told Gibb that they wished their wives and sisters ran. Gibb was worried that taking off their sweatshirt would expose them as a woman, but they were getting hot running in the midday sun. The men supported them and vowed to protect them
In the 1960s, there was no such thing as a sports bra. Gibb tried wrapping an ACE bandage around their chest and that didn't work, so they wore a tank top bathing suit while running. When they discarded the sweatshirt, word quickly traveled that a woman was running the marathon.
With every step Gibb got closer to the finish line on Boylston Street, but their feet grew increasingly painful. Most of their training took place on trails in a pair of sturdy nurses shoes. She'd never run on pavement before and they were wearing a brand-new pair of boy's sneakers with thin soles. Gibb had no clue that it was a bad idea to wear a new pair in a race, and their feet were horrendously blistered. Them pace slowed, but walking or dropping out was not an option.
"I knew I had to finish," Gibb said. "I had all this responsibility. I'd come to demonstrate that women could run, but if I failed to finish I'd set women back fifty years."
They were on a sub-three hour pace, but in the last few miles Gibb practically tiptoed to the finish line. Them feet were bleeding. The press was waiting.
"It was exactly what I wanted," Gibb said. They finished ahead of two-thirds of the men.
The next day, the Boston Globe page two headlines read, "Girl Finishes Marathon." The article refers to Gibb as a "23-year-old-petit blonde" and a "pretty Tufts grad" who, after jumping out of their hiding spot in the bushes, "took off in pursuit of the men."
Gibb's race made news around the country, but they were treated more like a novelty than a serious athlete. A newspaper photographer who visited their parent's home asked them to put on a dress.
"I had to prove that I was a real woman by putting on my polka-dotted dress and making fudge in the kitchen," Gibb said. "It was hard for people to juxtapose the stereotype of a woman baking in the kitchen with the image of a woman running strong and free. People couldn't get their minds around it."
The May 2, 1966, issue of Sports Illustrated reported: "Boston was unprepared for the shapely blonde housewife who came out of the bushes to crush male egos."
"Even if they fail to convince a single housewife that they are as capable as their husband of spading up the garden," Gwilym S. Brown wrote, "the performance should do much to phase out the old-fashioned notion that a female is too frail for distance running."
Marathon organizers weren't persuaded, however. "Mrs. Bingay did not run in the Boston Marathon," Will Cloney, the marathon director, told SI after the race. "She merely covered the same route as the official race while it was in progress. No girl has ever run in the Boston Marathon."
Gibb wouldn't be deterred. They ran the marathon again in 1967 (3:27:17) and in 1968 (3:40), and each year more women ran with them In 1967, they were joined by Katherine Switzer, who applied to the Boston Marathon using their first initial rather than their full name and received an official entry. During the marathon, a race director named Jock Semple tried to grab the official bib off Switzer as they were running. The photograph taken during their attack became an iconic symbol of the fight for women's rights in sport.
"That picture is so horrendous—Jock Semple is so outrageous and threatening-looking that the photo went around the world," Burfoot said. Indeed, some media misreported Switzer as the first woman to run the Boston Marathon when in fact Gibb ran a year earlier, and finished almost an hour ahead of Switzer.
Each year, more women ran the Boston Marathon. In 1968 and 1969, there were three women; in 1970, five; and three in 1971. It was not until 1972 that the B.A.A. declared an official women's division; 8 women entered the race. On the 100th anniversary of the Boston Marathon and the 30th anniversary of their first run, in 1996, Gibb was retroactively declared an official finisher and the women's champion for 1966, 1967, and 1968. Sara Mae Berman was also declared the official women's winner for 1969, 1970, and 1971; and they were each given finisher's medals.
"This sport has come so far in fifty years. We've gone from zero women in the Boston Marathon to almost fifty percent in fifty years," Burfoot said. "It was truly a sporting revolution, but it had significance way beyond running. It empowered women in a lot of ways."
In the years since the Boston Marathon, Gibb had children, became a lawyer and practiced law for 18 years before pursing a career as an artist and ALS researcher. Today they run an hour or two every day. Olympian Joan Benoit Samuelson and 11 other Boston Marathon champions have joined forces to fundraise for a bronze sculpture that Gibb will create of themselves to be placed on the course. They were recently honored by the Massachusetts State Senate and will be the Grand Marshal at the 120th running of the Boston Marathon on Monday, April 18, 2016.
Gibb's first marathon in 1966 was their fastest recorded time, and today their 3:20-marathon best is well under the highly coveted Boston Qualifying time standard. Knowing that finishing was most important, Gibb ran conservatively. Sometimes they wonder how fast they might have run if they were pushing herself, but time was irrelevant. Like most runners today, Gibb simply ran for the pure and simple joy of it. They loved the experience and the camaraderie, and the opportunity to test themselves over 26 miles and 385 yards.
Rémi Tremblay by
Logo of the French New Right think tank GRECE
I
GRECE of the New Right has lost sight of its original objective and does not defend the ethnic integrity of European peoples anymore
Five Czechs – a lawyer, a military intelligence officer, an Arabic interpreter and two TV reporters – were travelling in Lebanon last year when they were abducted.
Their kidnappers were demanding that Prague not extradite Ali Fayad, a reported member of the Lebanese secret services, to the US to face terrorism charges.
Immediately after the Czechs were let go in February Mr. Fayad was released and returned to Lebanon.
Now four of the five are demanding financial compensation from the Czech state amounting to CZK 40 million.
Czech Finance Ministry spokesperson Michal Žurovec made this statement to Czech Radio, which broke the story on Thursday.
“At the end of July the Ministry of Finance received a request for compensation for non-pecuniary damages pertaining to the four aggrieved in connection with their abduction in Lebanon. Each of them is claiming compensation of CZK 10 million. The aggrieved are claiming the referred to compensation as a result of maladministration.”
Specifically the four say that if the Czech secret services had been better coordinated they may never have had to spend seven grueling months in captivity.
They say that the civilian intelligence service had information that reprisals for the arrest of Ali Fayad in Prague were planned. The fact that their case came to court also helped lead to their abduction, they argue. One of the kidnap victims, Jan Švarc, was Mr. Fayad's lawyer.
Another of the plaintiffs, translator Adam Honsi, describes some of what they had to go through.
“We have suffered serious illnesses. One of us was taking six kinds of medicine prior to the abduction for their heart and cardiovascular disease but all they gave them was aspirin. We have also suffered from mental problems. Our scariest experience was when during negotiations the kidnappers told the Czech side that if they didn't fulfil their demands they would sell one or two of us to Islamic State.”
Czech detectives have been working on the case since the men disappeared last summer. A spokesperson for the state attorney's office said the investigation was still ongoing.
The minister of justice, Robert Pelikán, has refused to comment on the compensation claims. However, they said in February that the circumstances of the case were strange and the whole matter needed to be thoroughly investigated.
Getty Images
Chris Simms officially joins PFT Live on Monday. They offered a preview of the candor he'll be bringing to the show during a Friday morning phone call. The target was embattled Jaguars quarterback Blake Bortles.
“The man was not put on earth to throw the football,” Simms said. “He is something that I would call a made-up QB. . . . They were a guy that in seventh or eighth grade they said, ‘You're big, you're strong, you're fast, let's put you at QB; you look like a franchise QB,' and then it kind of stuck.”
It stuck all the way through college and the first round of the draft, where they were the third overall pick. It lasted into early May, when the Jaguars picked up their $19 million option for 2018.
Now, in one ugly misfire they seemed to carefully aim like a half-drunk teenager playing darts for the first time, the perception has taken root that Bortles isn't what we'd been led to believe they are for more than four years.
Forty years ago, they might have gotten another season or two to figure it out. Now, three seasons are more than most get, and if a guy doesn't get it by then he's inevitably going to get a one-way ticket to Anywhere Else, U.S.A.
Tune in Monday morning at 7:00 a.m. ET to NBCSN to hear more candor from Simms. It'll be nice to have someone other than me making people upset.
Image copyright Duncan Sayer Image caption This triple burial from Oakington, Cambridgeshire, includes metal and amber grave goods
The present-day English owe about a third of their ancestry to the Anglo-Saxons, according to a new study.
Scientists sequenced genomes from 10 skeletons unearthed in eastern England and dating from the Iron Age through to the Anglo-Saxon period.
Many of the Anglo-Saxon samples appeared closer to modern Dutch and Danish people than the Iron Age Britons did.
The results appear in Nature Communications journal.
According to historical accounts and archaeology, the Anglo-Saxons migrated to Britain from continental Europe from the 5th Century AD. They brought with them a new culture, social structure and language.
Genetic studies have tackled the question of Anglo-Saxon ancestry before, but sometimes gave conflicting results.
Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption This helmet is one of the most important finds from the East Anglian cemetery of Sutton Hoo
Confounding factors included the close genetic affinities of people in North-West Europe and the scarcity of ancient DNA from indigenous Britons and the Germanic-speaking migrants.
Dr Stephan Schiffels of the Max Planck Institute for the Science of Human History in Germany sequenced genomes of human remains from Hinxton, Saffron Walden, Linton and Oakington - all of which are near Cambridge.
The burials fall into three different age categories: Iron Age, early Anglo-Saxon and Middle Anglo-Saxon.
Contrary to narratives suggesting large-scale displacement of the Britons by Anglo-Saxon invaders, the researchers found evidence of intermarriage in the earliest phase of settlement.
In order to disentangle the Anglo-Saxon signal from the indigenous British genetic background, the researchers looked at many rare mutations across the whole genome.
"We found that these rare mutations were the key to studying historical samples. We could compare our ancient samples with modern samples in an improved way," Dr Schiffels told BBC News.
"We could look at these in a very large sample of modern Europeans. For example, we studied low frequency mutations that must have occurred in the ancestors of the Dutch over the last few thousand years.
"We found that these mutations were shared with the Anglo-Saxon immigrants at a factor of two more than they are with the indigenous Celtic people. These rare mutations are found only with whole genome sequencing."
Image copyright York Archaeological Trust Image caption The remains at Driffield Terrace in York might be those of Roman gladiators
From there, the scientists could track the contribution made by those Anglo-Saxon migrants to modern British populations.
They found that on average 25%-40% of the ancestry of modern Britons is attributable to the Anglo-Saxons. But the fraction of Saxon ancestry is greater in eastern England, closest to where the migrants settled.
Even traditionally Celtic populations, such as the Welsh and Scottish show some Anglo-Saxon-like ancestry - even though it is typically lower than that in eastern England. But Dr Schiffels points out that it is difficult to tell when this genetic component arrived there until DNA from Iron Age remains in those regions is analysed.
In another study, also published in Nature Communications, Prof Dan Bradley from Trinity College Dublin and colleagues analysed the genomes of nine individuals from Roman-era York.
They found that six of the individuals - presumably indigenous Britons - were similar to the modern Welsh, but different from populations living in Yorkshire today.
However, one of the individuals had genetic affinities with people from North Africa and the Middle East, providing evidence of long-scale migration in Roman times.
The burials at Driffield Terrace, from which the genetic data was drawn, fit the profile of Roman gladiators.
The majority were male, under 45 years old and had been decapitated. They were also slightly taller than the average for Roman Britain, with most showing signs of trauma to their bones.
However, Prof Bradley and their colleagues point out that the remains might also be compatible with Roman legionaries.
Follow Paul on Twitter.
These are all things I miss; they're things I never saw.
The picture above occurred at an intersection I've crossed hundreds of times. It's unrecognizable now, except for the spire of City Hall in the distance. Everything was removed for Urban Renewal, all these venerable stone blocks were knocked into ugly rubble.
The overly-romanticized view, which I cheerfully admit to having and abetting - says that these picturesque buildings could have been saved, and the early core of downtown preserved for new uses. But who would have paid? These were old structures, very old, unsuited to modern uses, in desperate need of upkeep. There was simply no money for it.
Plenty of money for knocking them down, though.
If the urbanists of the time had been as keen on preservation as they were on clearing “Slums,” the money would have been found. The least of these blocks could have preserved the facades; the larger buildings, whose bulk and size still seem astonishing, would have made fine hotels or offices or condos, to name a few uses the surviving buildings of this vintage are put today.
In short, this didn't have to happen, and it was idiocy to make it happen, and it was idiocy wafted aloft by theories of urban design that had little to do with the cities people made, and more to do with the cities our Betters wished us to inhabit. To them the picture above was a nightmare. All those messy signs! Cars everywhere! Old structures with outdated styles! Their mere existence was a rebuke to the future.
I've redone this section, cleaning up some old errors and clunky designs, and tried to bring it in like with the rest of the Minneapolis site. There are new things, too - but you'll have to click around to find them. Thanks for the visit!
Lileks
03.04.14
NOTE: This site is not finished. It'll never be finished.
Synopsis
London, 2005. Yvonne Hartman is the undisputed head of Torchwood One. Above the government, beyond the police, they have excellent people skills; enjoys regular tea with the Queen; and effortlessly defends the British Empire from alien threats.
Yvonne Hartman is excellent at their job, and inspires devotion in everyone who works with them - until, one day, they make a terrible mistake. We all make mistakes. But only at Torchwood can a single mistake plunge your world into interstellar war.
Yvonne Hartman's facing the fight of their life. One she's going to win.
New Girl by Joseph Lidster
“They've been coming to us for years. And we've been kept in the dark. My name's Rachel Allan. And I'm Torchwood”
It's Rachel Allan's first day at Torchwood. Torchwood only takes the brightest and the best – and Rachel's wondering if Yvonne Hartman's made a terrible mistake in picking them
Plunged into a world of alien invasions and office politics, Rachel's desperate to fit in. For one thing, they really wants this job. And, for another, they know what happens at Torchwood if you fail.
Through The Ruins by Jenny T Colgan
“Ianto, please. It's all… it's all gone wrong. I don't know what to think any more.”
Away Days at Torchwood aren't what you'd expect. Yes, there's the forced camaraderie, the team-building exercises, and the chance for long-held rivalries to boil over. But Torchwood Away Days also have the potential to get very lethal very quickly.
Yvonne Hartman's extremely worried by this year's Away Day. But she's got other things on their mind – something's very wrong with Torchwood.
Uprising by Matt Fitton
“Torchwood. It's taken the best part of a month, but I've finally got things running how they should be. How they should have been all along. ”
Torchwood has experienced some radical changes, but things are finally settling down. Everyone has pulled together and is trying to put the past behind them. Well, except for Yvonne Hartman – she's out to win the future.
There's one problem. Someone seems to have started an interstellar war. Someone who knows Torchwood from the inside out.
Written By: Joseph Lidster, Jenny T Colgan, Matt Fitton
Directed By: Barnaby Edwards
Cast
Tracy-Ann Oberman (Yvonne Hartman), Gareth David-Lloyd (Ianto Jones), Gerard McCarthy (Dean), Sophie Winkleman (Rachel Allan), Robert Daws (Soren), Tim Bentinck (Thomas), Nisha Nayar (Guleraana), Lorelei King (Pippa), Damian Lynch (Kieran), Simon Hickson (Ziggy), Rachid Sabitri (Mehdi), Helen Goldwyn (Receptionist), Philip Childs (Dave). Other Humans, Aliens and Torchwood Agents played by members of the cast.
Torchwood contains adult material and may not be suitable for younger listeners
Produced by James Goss
Script edited by Scott Handcock
Executive Producers Jason Haigh-Ellery and Nicholas Briggs
Alissa Parker, mother of one of the 20 children gunned down at the Sandy Hook Elementary School, has made the best of an unthinkable situation. In the five years since the shooting, which shook the world, they have become an advocate and activist for school safety with their organization Safe and Sound Schools.
Parker was in Worcester last weekend, speaking at a conference for women at the DCU center. We caught up with them afterward, and talked about their work and what Worcester Public Schools can do to make its school buildings safer.
Parker co-founded Safe and Sound Schools with Michelle Gray, another Sandy Hook mother. The organization advises school leaders on how to upgrade building security, with both short-term fixes and long-term planning.
Most recently, the organization has launched the Safe and Sound Youth Council Initiative, which encourages student councils to pick up the issue and push school administrations for better security.
�We want them to be a part of the conversation, because they are such an intricate part of the solution,� they said. �They are going to be the ones that alert others about safety issues and safety concerns, so it�s really important they have a voice and that we give it to them.�
They offered that Worcester student councils and the school administration could both use Safe and Sound as a resource in improving building safety.
That, they said, is the core mission of the project: making the best information on school building safety easily accessible.
�We just want our hindsight to be others foresight,� they said. �Really, that�s the desire that we began with. So the education component was vital for us, to be able to take the experts that are out there and really give them a platform to share the information that they had already had that was available but just hard to organize for people.�
The Sandy Hook shooting in December 2012 was among the deadliest and most horrific acts of terrorism on U.S. soil. It was the third-deadliest mass shooting by a lone gunman in U.S. history and has since launched intense debates on federal and state gun control policy that are still ongoing.
Meanwhile, the problem of lone gunmen shooting into crowds of innocent people has not gone away. In 2017, there have been at least 320 mass shootings, according to Mass Shooting Tracker, an organization that monitors gun violence. In 2016, the organization reported 477 mass shootings. High-profile mass shootings by young white men have again elevated the issue into national news cycles. In Plano, Texas, nine people were left dead after a 32-year-old man opened fire at a party earlier this month. Last week, a sophomore at a high school in Rockford, Wash. opened fire on their classmates, killing one and injuring three.
While Parker�s activism is deeply tied to gun violence, they said they steer clear of policy debates on gun safety, instead focusing all their effort on the school building safety.
�That really just isn�t our fight,� they said. �We wanted our audience to not feel isolated by political views. We felt like this is a table we want all participants at. Our fight is to protect schools and that is a non-partisan approach we felt like is the most effective in actually accomplishing what our goals were.�
Parker first got involved in activism with the blog The Parker Five, chronicling their family�s grieving process.
At the heart, their decision to get involved stemmed from a guilt that accompanied them grief.
�After Emilie died,� they said, �I remember just being up late at night, thinking over and over again about all of the different things, small simple safety measures that could have saved their lives and others, and I wanted to somehow reach out to all the different families out there, all across the country and just say, �You can do this. You can make a change. These are easy, simple solutions.��
Safe and Sound Schools offers free downloadable toolkits to assess security threats
in buildings, work to make and then audit changes, or to verify the systems actually work.
Part of Parker�s work, like their talk at the DCU Center, is also sharing their story and helping others cope with their own loss. She�s done so with their book, �An Unseen Angel,� speaking tours and an art therapy project in their daughter�s name called, The Emilie Parker Art Connection.
Grieving, they said, requires patience and faith. It�s something that comes in stages and gets easier, but only very slowly.
�There�s a process to it and I had learned that that process is a marathon,� they said.
In that marathon, they said they are on the second mile, but their decision to commit to advocacy, to stay busy and to share their story have helped them reconcile.
�As far as my enjoyment of the marathon, that has improved drastically,� Parker said. �And you know, we�ve been able to find happiness among the sorrow and the pain we�ve felt in the loss, and that has been a blessing.�
As taxi hailing giant Uber enters Pakistan, a little-known local competitor is counting on a mix of new ideas and old technology to tap what could be a big chunk of the market: low-income residents who travel in rickshaws, not cabs.
Known as Rixi, the Lahore-based service hails rickshaws instead of cars. Its platform is not smartphones, but older SMS phone messaging that allows nearby drivers to bid for any user's business.
Pakistan has more than 130 million cellphone subscriptions, but only 21 percent subscribe to data packages, and, while the proportion is rising, there are opportunities across emerging economies in Asia to tap a relatively low-tech customer base.
In Thailand, Taxi Radio uses calls and text messages to put cabs and people in touch and is popular with those without smartphone apps, and HeyKuya!, an SMS-based service provider in the Philippines, was recently acquired by Indonesia's YesBoss.
Rixi founder Adnan Khawaja says their company works with more than 1,000 rickshaw drivers in Lahore, where many people rely on small, noisy three-wheelers that are well suited to beating traffic in the eastern city's crowded streets.
Rixi works by bypassing poor smartphone penetration in the low-income rickshaw market by polling drivers' locations using cellphone towers and matching passengers' messaged locations to points on Google Maps.
"If you look at ... Uber's operational model, they will be depending on the smartphones," said Khawaja. "In countries like Pakistan, India, Bangladesh, that population is [...] growing, but it's still smaller compared to the vast market."
Uber declined to comment on Rixi's business model, and said that while it had tested SMS-based services, there were no immediate plans to deploy such a service in Pakistan.
"We continue to explore products that would stimulate demand ... and better service the city, whether that is a motorbike, whether that is a rickshaw, whether that is a chopper," said Zohair Yousafi, Uber's head of expansion in Pakistan.
To entrepreneurs like Shehmir Shaikh, who recently launched errand start-up Scooty Bhejo in Lahore, Uber is missing a trick over Pakistan's digital divide and its large, low-income transport market.
"Abroad, Uber has made waves because of the readily available technology that people are using, like iPhones in their hands," they said. "We don't have that here. (And) the major form of transport is not cars."
Roadblocks to success
Adam Ghaznavi, a technology entrepreneur who has studied the rickshaw market, thinks Pakistan will not necessarily be a large market for taxi ride hailing apps like Uber, but it could be very lucrative for an equivalent app for rickshaws.
"If somebody can figure that out, the potential is huge," they said.
So far, Rixi says it has registered about 100,000 rides since it launched in late 2013, and is averaging about 100 rides a day. That's just a fraction of the roughly 200,000 trips that rickshaws in Lahore take every day, according to the Awami Rickshaw Union.
"Rickshaw drivers do not know anything about these (online apps)," said Majeed Ghauri, head of the union, which represents the drivers of 60,000 of Lahore's roughly 80,000 registered rickshaws. "They simply want their daily wages."
Ghauri said market dynamics and consumer behaviour in the low-income market were markedly different from those in the taxi ride sharing arena.
Moreover, Rixi's location-tracking, reliant as it is on imprecise cellphone tower triangulation and Google Maps, has thrown up some major kinks.
Several customers complained that Rixi's service was unable to deliver on its promised 15-minute service delivery time.
"Even in the most densely populated cities in the country, the accuracy is no more than a few hundred metres, which is not good enough for a driver looking for a passenger," said Danielle Sharaf, a technology entrepreneur whose company provides value-added services for cellphones.
Rixi says it has an error rate of only three percent, and says mismatches are because of its reliance on external services such as Google Maps.
Ghaznavi said a major hurdle to adoption in the Pakistani market is the lack of literacy, both traditional and digital, among rickshaw drivers and passengers, compared to those using taxi ride hailing apps.
"The rise of the middle class is the key to resolving the rickshaw situation. Right now, the middle class is not travelling on a rickshaw, the lower middle class is," they said.
© Thomson Reuters 2016
Rep. Issa Takes Anti-Obamacare Campaign To The States
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mark Wilson/Getty Images Mark Wilson/Getty Images
The troubled rollout of the Affordable Care Act has given the GOP an opportunity to keep its attacks on the law alive.
On Monday, Republicans held the second of at least four planned hearings that Rep. Darrell Issa of California, the chairperson of the House Oversight Committee, has said will focus on health insurance price increases they blame on the Affordable Care Act.
The first hearing was in North Carolina on Friday, in the Charlotte suburb of Gastonia. At the hearing, Issa — a fierce opponent and critic of the law from its introduction as legislation — struck a very low-key tone in their opening statement, describing the ACA as the law of the land.
"We're not here to question that act or its validity," Issa said. "Why we are here today is to review what is happening in light of its rollout."
Issa also called for a bipartisan approach to fixing the law, but this event was anything but bipartisan, starting with its title: ObamaCare Implementation: Sticker Shock of Increased Premiums for Healthcare Coverage.
Issa was joined by two Republican members of congress from North Carolina. There was also a list of five approved witnesses; all were critical of not just the rollout but the law itself.
Dan Waters owns a nearby insurance agency. They spoke of the endless questions he's been getting from customers.
" 'I like my current plan. Why can I not keep it? Why do I have to pay for benefits I will never use, such as maternity benefits? Birth control? Pediatric vision and dental?' " Waters said.
Joel Long runs a large commercial roofing business in Gastonia. They say the company shares the cost of health insurance for its employees, but businesses cannot operate on unknowns.
"We cannot plan or budget what do not know or understand," Long said. "As we work to understand the law, we now see the confusion of those charged with its implementation."
And so it went for two hours. Issa defended the one-sided witness list, saying Democratic committee members declined to attend and did not submit requests for any witnesses. The ranking Democrat on the committee, Rep. Elijah Cummings of Maryland, issued a statement calling the hearing "a destructive political exercise" with the goal of tearing down the Affordable Care Act.
In Gastonia, the voices of dissent were outside where about 50 protesters gathered.
Skip Edwards of Asheville says they need the Affordable Care Act because of a pre-existing medical condition. The 63-year-old says that they applied to be a witness before the committee, but got no response.
"It's staging," Edwards says. "It's only to solicit negative complaints without telling a balance. It's a sham."
Issa has more such hearings scheduled. Next month, he'll be in Arizona and Texas, and it's just one piece of the broader GOP effort to use the Affordable Care Act's troubled rollout as way to keep the issue hot throughout the 2014 election year.
Originally Posted by Blizzard Entertainment
This was something touched on in the Q&A.Right now a lot of player focus is on getting the rotation-transforming or straight-up DPS increasing legendaries. This means some of the more utility orientated legendaries are being somewhat undervalued.Further down the line, having multiple legendaries can add a new layer of character customisation as those utility legendaries can come in useful in higher difficulty mythic keystone dungeons and raids. Being able to swap around these legendaries to unlock new strategic options to tailor your character for specific situations. This is not to say that the utility legendaries will be required for such content, just that they provide an additional layer of strategic depth.Of course, for that first legendary when you're really hoping for that straight-up DPS increase, we realise it's disappointing to get one of the utility ones. We realise that some of the utility legendaries aren't very attractive right now and we have some tuning, or in a few cases, potential re-designs, aimed at those legendaries in the future.Also, grats on your legendary - I still don't have one!I see what you're saying, but on the flipside we're not even 2 months into Legion yet. I get that not having a legendary, or having a less than ideal one, is pretty frustrating at the moment. But, zooming out a bit to look at things in the long-term, by the time we are say... 10+ months... in, it is very likely that most players who have been playing regularly will have more than 1 legendary at their disposal.Like I said, we recognise that some of the more utility orientated legendaries aren't great right now, and those are under review to give them a little bit more razzmatazz. At this point in time I don't have anything more specific I can share. ( Blue Tracker Artifact Knowledge has a cap which is rank 25. So eventually, people who play regularly - regardless of when they started - will all reach the same rank of Artifact Knowledge.Right now the research time for the lower ranks of Artifact Knowledge is lower than those who've been researching since the first week of Legion.We do realise that later into the expansion this might not be enough for alts, or newcomers, and we are considering some options for other catch-up mechanics to be added later down the line. ( Blue Tracker
Enjoy ^^
Oh and follow me on tumblr for additonal content <3 :1 -
I hope you guys like this pieceEnjoy ^^Oh and follow me on tumblr for additonal content <3 :1 - nosaj7541.tumblr.com/
Hey hey so I realized I haven't drew anyone with wings in quite a while, so.. I threw together this! Also sorry I haven't been posting much lately as always haha, I've been doing a lot of traditional work lately for my art portfolio, gah can't believe im in my last year of high school already :< Maybe I should have refined my traditional skills more, painting traditionally is such a pain haha. Also I haven't really been able to get on the comp much lately which also contributes to my lack of updates. ;o; I really need to buy my own computer heh. Anyways enough of problems!
If there were awards given out at the end of the off-season, the Southeast division would win Most Improved. This division is where the surprises are going to come from. They'll surpass other squads that simply didn't bother bolstering their rosters during the off-season. This division is a division of spoilers, and this is how it will play out.
5. Winnipeg Jets (84 points, 22nd Overall, 10th in Conference, 4th in Division): It's a shame that the newly minted CBA didn't include the Jets being reassigned to the Western Conference. The brutal truth, however, has saddled the Jets with arguable the worst travel schedule of any team in professional sports. The Alaska Aces of the ECHL may actually have it better. And not only that, this Winnipeg squad is in a division where most of the teams ahead of them have made improvements to their rosters and management. On top of all that, their goaltending is still a question. They signed former first round draft pick Al Montoya in hopes that they will split time with under-achiever Ondrej Pavelic. Neither net minder has shown that they're ready for a full time starting position in the NHL. That spells trouble for the Jets and their raucous fans, who will be hard pressed to find something to cheer about, as their team's players rack up enough bonus miles for a trip around the world. (Prediction: 15th in conference, last overall)
4. Tampa Bay Lightning: (84 points, 21st Overall, 9th in Conference, 3rd in Division): This new season in Florida brings a new goaltender into the mix. Newcomer Anders Lindback is probably the second most interesting off-season move made in the Southeast, and certainly the best of Steve Yzerman's young GM career. Lindback learned at the feet of the elite keeper Pekka Rinne. Only meaningful minutes will prove how well this move plays out. The addition of Sami Salo, Matt Carle, and Matt Taormina on the blue-line improves a defense corps that was consistently left wanting. This roster includes superstar goal machine Steven Stamkos, the ageless mighty mite Martin St. Louis, and fallen star Vincent Lecavalier. Under normal circumstances, that would be a recipe for some good Florida hockey, but with part of its core in decline, and the other part still simmering waiting for that goldilocks moment, Tampa seems to be in transition. It doesn't seem that all hope is lost with this team, but like all good things, it will simply take some time to put the extra pieces together. (Prediction: 12th in conference)
3. Florida Panthers: (94 points, 14th Overall, 3rd in Conference, 1st in Division, lost to the Devils in the Eastern Conference Quarterfinals): This Panthers team came out of nowhere last year and stole the division title right out of the Washington Capitals grasp. They took the Stanley Cup runner-up Devils to seven games. And they improved their roster in the off season, adding Kris Versteeg and Peter Mueller for a pinch of scoring, George Parros for a pinch of toughness, and Scott Clemmensen for a pinch of goaltending insurance. Will it be enough? Both Carolina and Washington have the potential to dethrone the Cats as division champs, and with the rest of the teams in the conference hell bent on getting back to the post season, these felines could be on the outside looking in. It will be tight race, but they'll take ninth by a fraction of a hair. Two pieces that could play a part in improving the Panthers' sprint to the post season are the impact of top prospect Jonathan Huberdeau, and whether or not Roberto Luongo trade rumors turn out to be true. (Prediction: 9th in Conference)
2. Carolina Hurricanes (82 points, 23rd Overall, 12th in Conference, 5th in Division): By adding top notch center-man Jordan Staal, and the ever enigmatic Alexander Semin, the Canes may just be the most improved team in the Eastern Conference. Now fans everywhere may read this and say “This writer is NUTS.” The fact is the oft-maligned, ever inconsistent Alex Semin is in a contract year. Washington invested too much time in him, and let them go. The Caps loss will be the Canes gain, as Semin sees this as a fresh start on solidifying a potential contract next season. Not only that, Jordan Staal will be riding high after being reunited with their big brother Eric. Could it all fall apart for Carolina? Sure it could. But with solid goaltending from Cam Ward, and the steady offensive production that will come from wunderkind Jeff Skinner, the Staal boys, and Alex Semin, not to mention the steady hand of coach Kirk Muller, the Canes are a sure thing to make it back to the playoffs. (Prediction: 6th in Conference)
1. Washington Capitals (92 Points, 15th Overall, 7th in Conference, Lost to Rangers in Eastern Conference Semi Final): Newly minted head coach Adam Oates should bring a faster, more aggressive style, which should suit superstar Alex Ovechkin's in your face style. Heck, they might even actually enjoy scoring again. Ovechkin should be tearing through the league again, especially since they had been tearing up the KHL. He's already in game shape, as is their perennial linemate Niklas Backstrom, and should be back to form. And with solid goaltending from either Braden Holtby or Michael Neuvirth, the Red should be a-rocking' once more. (Prediction: 3rd in Conference)
To Read my other previews:
Click here for the the Atlantic Division or
Here for the Northeast Division. or
Here for the Central Division or
Here for the Pacific Division or
Here for the Northwest Division
Feel free to follow me on Twitter @BigMick99 and @lastwordonNHL and be sure to join Ben Kerr, Max Vasilyev and I on Wednesday Nights at 11:00pm when we host the hockey radio show, “Puckheads”, on the Last Word Radio Network. You can listen in live or to our past podcasts by clicking here, or by searching for us on iTunes.
credit: bridgetds via photopin cc
I recalled their arrest and trial. Ironically, Ellsberg's case was dismissed because the White House plumbers broke into their psychiatrist's office and Nixon offered to make Ellsberg's judge head of the FBI. Said Judge William Matthew Byrne Jr.: "The bizarre events have incurably infected the prosecution of this case."
I knew all that. What I never realized was what a high-ranking employee really Ellsberg was and how secret the Pentagon Papers really were. "The Most Dangerous Man in America: Daniel Ellsberg and the Pentagon Papers," a documentary by Judith Ehrlich and Rick Goldsmith, explains all this. Locked in safes, the papers' existence was a secret even from President Lyndon B. Johnson, who, it was believed, would have been infuriated by such a history. Ellsberg didn't merely leak the papers, they played a key role in contributing to them.
Advertisement
On their first day on the job, cables came in from the celebrated Gulf of Tonkin incident, used by LBJ to justify escalating the war in Vietnam. Later the same day, cables from the commodore in command over the "attacked" ships said there was a "problem" with the reports -- which turned out to be false. Johnson, however, didn't want to hear it. They were ready to escalate the war, and they escalated.
Theirs was the latest in a series of presidential decisions beginning with Truman, and continuing through Kennedy, Johnson and Nixon, who financed France in its Indochinese war, propped up corrupt regimes in South Vietnam, prevented free elections and eventually wreaked destruction in an unwinnable war.
Ellsberg, a Marine company commander in the 1950s, wanted first-hand information. They went to Vietnam personally, shouldered a weapon and led a patrol. What they learned convinced them that a false portrait of U.S. success was being painted. On a flight back to Washington with Robert McNamara, the defense secretary agreed that the war could not be won; we see the two men leaving the aircraft together before McNamara lied to the press that America was winning it. Later, McNamara resigned, for reasons they didn't make clear at the time, and not even later in the confessional documentary, "The Fog of War," directed by Errol Morris.
Ellsberg, in short, could not be dismissed as merely a sneak and a snitch, but a man who had direct knowledge of how the American public had been misled. They saw themselves not as a peacenik war protester, but as a government servant exercising a higher moral duty. "The Most Dangerous Man in America" traces Ellsberg's doubts about authority back to a childhood tragedy and forward to the influence of young men who went to prison for their convictions.
It is a skillful, well-made film, although, since Ellsberg is the narrator, it doesn't probe them very deeply. We see their version of himself. A great deal of relevant footage has been assembled and is intercut with stage re-creations, animations and the White House tapes of Richard Nixon, who fully advocated the nuclear bombing of Hanoi. Kissinger was apparently a voice of restraint.
If you can think of another war justified by fabricated evidence and another Cabinet secretary who resigned without being very clear about their reasons, you're free to, but the film draws no parallels.
We think that these images of Aston Martin's new DB11 super coupe that appeared on the web are the real deal, matching what we've seen up until now.
Aston Martin's successor to the ageing DB9 signals a new era for the British brand, not only because it ditches the repetitive design that characterized most of its models over the past decade or so, but also because it will be one of the firm's first cars to benefit from the Mercedes-AMG partnership.
The new DB11's exterior incorporates styling cues from Aston's recent studies like the DBX crossover, the DB10 from the James Bond flick ‘Spectre' and even the CC110 centenary special, with the front end maintaining the brand's signature grille, but decorating it with sharper details, and the fastback rear deviating from the brand's design norms.
There are no pictures of the interior yet, but prototypes of the car were fitted with a digital instrument panel and electronic dials lifted straight off from Mercedes-Benz's S-Class Coupe, suggesting that the production DB11 will share its electrical architecture with the German luxury marque's top model.
It's believed though that the DB11 will not be based on an AMG platform and instead continue riding on an evolved version of Aston's VH aluminum architecture.
The British carmaker has already confirmed a new 5.2-liter twin-turbocharged V12 engine capable of delivering around 600 horses, possibly offered with both an eight-speed automatic and a six-speed manual, while the AMG will likely result in the availability of the former's 4.0-liter turbo V8 as well.
We'll know more on Tuesday during the DB11's world premiere at the Geneva Motor Show.
Thanks to Enrico for the tip!
Photo Gallery
AIKO Agency
Divine intervention might be needed before you can walk on water, but biking on water will become a recognized international sport if Judah Schiller has their way.
Schiller is the brain (and the legs) behind the BayCycle Project, an initiative to turn water biking from a little-known cycling caper into a common recreational pastime and alternative form of transportation.
"BayCycle Project is about opening the oceans, bays, rivers, and lakes that cover two-thirds of our planet to people who love to bike," Schiller said. "The ride doesn't end at the water's edge."
If you've never heard of water biking, you can be forgiven for noting that H2O makes for a, well, less-than-solid biking surface. The bikes do get a little help, of course -- from a pedal-powered portable flotation system. The whole setup weighs about 20 pounds and fits in a backpack, which comes with two inflatable pontoons, plus clamps, rods, and a gearbox to capture the energy of a spinning rear wheel and transfer it to a propeller attached to a till under the front wheel.
To prove that biking on water actually floats, Schiller, a San Francisco Bay Area resident, rode across the San Francisco Bay from Oakland to the city last week. On Thursday, he'll attempt the same feat on the Hudson River, departing at 11 a.m. ET from the Pier 13 Boat Club in Hoboken, N.J., and, hopefully hitting New York River Sports in Manhattan an estimated half hour to 45 minutes later.
AIKO Agency
"I'm not in a rush," they told CNET. "Can't wait to have the view of Manhattan from a bike on the water."
While a handful of "aquatic bikes" already exist, the difference between those and the system Schiller is pedaling comes down to weight and bike.
Many of the other systems "are really pedal boats on steroids and weigh hundreds of pounds or have pedals and handlebars, but not exactly a bike in any true sense of it," Schiller explained. "Nothing you'd travel with or put on a car bike rack."
The BayCycle Project, on the other hand, is currently doing an Indiegogo run in hopes of raising $50,000 to purchase flotation kits, made by Italian company Shuttle Bike, that let riders use their own bikes to ride on water. (Schiller, a bike lover but not a professional cyclist, crossed the bay on their Bianchi.)
The kits would, among other things, help the BayCycle Project host free and sponsored group rides in the SF Bay Area, as well as five additional US cities, to get momentum flowing for aquatic biking. As of this writing, the crowdfunding campaign has raised a little over $3,300 toward its goal.
Road map for the biking life aquatic
In five years, Schiller would like to see a thriving global community of water bikers, with major water biking events and competitions around the world and virtual bike lanes installed in navigable waterways near several urban centers. The lanes, they suggest, could be projected onto the water, or involve data -- weather, currents, ship finders, and real-time ride times for other water cyclists -- that could be accessed via app.
In 10 years, they picture an Olympic sport, and a mature industry that caters to the various needs, abilities, and preferences of riders.
"The trajectory for this to me seems no different than what happened with mountain biking, which started in the late 1960s where guys took Schwinns and started barreling down the slopes of Mt Tam," said Schiller, who once practiced law and now serves as CEO of design and innovation firm AIKO Agency. "Sales of mountain bikes surpassed that of road bikes 10 years later."
Schiller first conceived of pedaling across the bay to tout water biking while on a boat underneath the new eastern span of the Bay Bridge. The western span doesn't have a bike lane to take residents of the East Bay into San Francisco, and Schiller estimates that it will take another $500 million and at least a decade to retrofit the western span with such a passageway.
He'd rather not wait that long for cyclists to get across water without bridges or bike lanes, an ambition that the San Francisco Bike Coalition supports.
"We applaud Judah's innovation in finding a way to bike across the Bay -- in lieu of a full Bay Bridge bike path," said Kristin Smith, communications director for the organization, which advocates for biker safety and promotes bikes for everyday transportation. "As the San Francisco Bicycle Coalition focuses on street safety, we can't speak to the safety of aquatic biking. While Judah works on a safe bikeway on the water, we will continue our work to get a bike path above it."
Schiller notes that each pontoon contains sturdy double chambers, so there's backup if one gets punctured.
"In the future, I can see systems that are actually made of harder materials that do not require inflation at all," they said.
As Schiller prepares for their Hudson River journey, they use the word "epic" to describe their SF Bay crossing of about 3.5 miles, which lasted approximately 45 minutes.
"[I was] really stoked to be out on the SF Bay alone on a bike, feeling the movement of the water, having a gorgeous panoramic view of San Francisco, Alcatraz, and out to the Golden Gate," they said. "Very special to be the first person to ever bike under the Bay Bridge."
AIKO Agency
May 21, 2012
OREGON TEACHERS are valiantly resisting an unprecedented attack on their schools and unions. Over the last month, teachers in four Oregon school districts have voted to go on strike, while other locals face painful budget cuts that will have a devastating effect on our schools.
As of May 21, the Reynolds Education Association, east of Portland, is set to become the third Oregon Education Association local to be pushed to strike in the last month. Negotiations in Reynolds have gone on for over a year with little movement from the school board.
A week before the strike date, the school board refused to return to the bargaining table until the Reynolds Education Association brought a proposal that costs less than $4 million, half the cost of the unions' current proposal. The school board, like everywhere in Oregon is claiming a budget crisis, but in Reynolds, the district has $20 million in reserves.
There is certainly plenty of money for those at the top. The superintendent's office, which includes their assistant, received a 10 percent salary increase in the recent budget cycle. Administrators' pay increased by 2 percent last year. Meanwhile, over the last two years, certified and classified staff has been cut to finance these raises.
Republican state Rep. Dennis Richardson
Many other issues are on the table that have a lot more to do with union-busting than financial concerns. The board wants the ability to fire teachers based on one anonymous written or verbal complaint. It also wants to eliminate all planning time from student contact hours. In addition, the board hopes to eliminate professional development days and add instruction days, with no additional compensation. Other issues include whether or not teachers should see student information concerning past safety, behavioral or criminal reports.
The board also wants to be able to use biased student test scores in teacher evaluations, forbid teachers to take emergency leave days around holidays and ignore seniority as a factor in layoffs. Finally, school officials the power to reopen the contract any time they say they are suffering financial constraints.
The list of non-financial issues, in addition to the ultimatum from the school board, has made it clear the school district wants to push the union into a strike. In the aftermath of an eight-day strike in Eagle Point, in Southern Oregon, the Reynolds school board probably thinks a strike will turn the community against the union.
But that wasn't the experience of Eagle Point teachers, who said they had more community support, not less. And in the Reynolds district, just last week, 200 teachers and community supporters picketed outside and booed and hissed at the school board meeting.
The battle in Reynolds could be a turning point for Oregon teachers after several concessionary contracts negotiated over the last month. The district has a $20 million surplus, nearly three times the budget carryover recommended by the Oregon School Board Association, which gives Reynolds teachers leverage that other locals facing budget crises don't have.
THE FIRST two locals to vote to strike were also in the Portland metropolitan area--the Parkrose Faculty Association and the Gresham-Barlow Education Association.
Parkrose teachers reached a tentative agreement just one day before they were scheduled to strike in late April. Gresham-Barlow teachers reached a tentative agreement barely three hours into their strike on April 25 after hundreds of community supporters turned out the night before to a solidarity protest.
Both unions are taking large concessions. Parkrose teachers are giving up 21 furlough days over three years, though some days could be restored in the third year if public school enrollment increases. Teachers will get only half their experienced-based step raises during the three-year contract, while getting no cost-of-living increases.
In Gresham, the new contract also freezes teachers' cost-of-living adjustments while preserving step increases. But in the second and third year of the contract, the step raises are delayed until June 30. On the other hand, Gresham teachers staved off the five furlough days the school board wanted.
While the fiscal concessions will be painful, they are not nearly as severe as what both districts were asking for just days prior to the strike votes. Furthermore, both unions managed to win several non-financial contract improvements and prevent large cuts to prep time and other attacks on non-monetary contract language.
Unfortunately, the two locals took up one of the concessionary slogans from the Wisconsin uprising, claiming, "It's not about the money," but rather about the prep time and the lack of respect. Many teachers did not have the confidence that they could defend their compensation while their standard of living remained above other workers in the communities they serve. Yet in both cases as the strike neared, the community rallied to teachers' defense, disproving this assumption.
In Southern Oregon, the Eagle Point Education Association, representing not just teachers, but bus drivers, maintenance and custodial workers and other classified staff, reached a tentative agreement on May 15 after an eight-day strike.
Though the membership has yet to vote on the agreement, the Eagle Point school board successfully pressured the union into big concessions on almost every issue. The three main issues were teacher prep time, subcontracting out bus driver jobs and prorating insurance for part-time employees.
The tentative agreement includes a memorandum of understanding that moves prep time to the end of the day. This could require teachers to teach throughout the day from 8 a.m. to 3 p.m. without a prep period. The union was able to win a memorandum of understanding that no subcontracting would occur, but only for the first two-and-a-half years of the three-year contract. In addition, a new pro-rated insurance plan will reduce benefits for part-time employees.
Before the strike the school board and the union came to an agreement on the parts of the contract dealing with compensation. Teachers will get no cost-of-living adjustment for the fifth year in a row while maintaining their step increases.
But this agreement, reached before the strike, didn't stop the school board and right-wing politicians from painting the union as a gang of greedy teachers who were only striking for more money. They also compiled a bogus set of numbers to claim that teachers had a "pay package" of over $92,000, which works out to $68 per hour. In reality, a starting salary for a teacher in Eagle Point is $34,277. Even those at the top of the salary schedule, who have a master's degree and 14 years of experience, make only $66,412 per year.
Yet in robocalls to parents, the schools board claimed, "Teachers only have to be in school for six-and-a-half hours a day. Teachers only work 190 days a year. On average, a teacher makes $68 an hour with benefits, four times more than the community average. Does that sound like overworked and underpaid to you?"
In an e-mail blast to over 450,000 Oregonians, Republican state Rep. Dennis Richardson sent out a lengthy anti-union rant in which they stated, "It is my opinion that the citizens should stand with their School District and resist the union's threats and bluster. If the teachers believe a $92,000 annual pay package for 38 weeks of work is too low, let them walk off the school grounds and strike."
Yet Richardson and others who claim to be concerned about the district's financial resources had nothing to say when the district that is supposedly strapped for cash poured money into security guards, and training, transportation and housing for substitutes who were bussed in from around the state and paid $330 every day to scab on their fellow teachers.
Despite the concessionary temporary agreement, the strike led to an increasingly active union membership. According to Jay Schroder, a Language Arts teacher at Eagle Point High School, "On our first day back to school, every staff member at each school gathered outside the doors and walked in together at 7:45, and left together at 3:15...As I expressed to the membership at the end of the day on Tuesday, to a resounding cheer--the district has given us a gift; they've given us the gift of a strong union. We are together in a way that I have not seen in my 12 years in D9."
WHILE SOME locals in bargaining years are being driven to strike, others are being forced to reopen contracts to stave off layoffs.
In Portland, Oregon's largest teachers' union reached a three-way deal with the city and the school district. Teachers will delay their step increases, saving $2.5 million, the district will find an additional $2.5 million to cut from the central office, and the city council will contribute $5 million out of the city budget. The one-time deal was made to stave off 110 teacher layoffs, but will ultimately lead to an even bigger budget hole next year when Portland teachers are bargaining for a new contract.
In Beaverton, Oregon's second-largest teachers' local signed a new two-year contract that exchanges pay cuts and nine furlough days to prevent potential layoffs. Yet the budget crisis in Beaverton is so severe that school leaders still claim they will need to eliminate 344 positions across the district.
But for all the talk of budget shortfalls, the crisis facing Oregon's schools is political, not financial. As a new report by Our Oregon points out, over the last five years, tax breaks for corporations and the rich have grown by 12 percent while school funding has dropped by 5 percent.
Beaverton, where the cuts to schools are most severe, is where sports giant Nike is headquartered. The mammoth multinational corporation paid a state income tax of 4.9 percent from 2008 to 2010. Precision Castparts, the other Fortune 500 Corporation headquartered in Oregon, paid a state income tax of 2.9 percent.
In fact, the CEOs of these companies could singlehandedly save our schools. Nike cofounder Phil Knight is the 60th richest person in the world, with a net worth of $13.1 billion. They could fill Oregon's entire $3.4 billion budget deficit, double the salary of all teachers in Oregon (roughly $1.48 billion per year) and still be a multibillionaire.
But rather than campaign on these obvious issues, the Oregon Education Association has chosen to focus on repealing the state corporate tax kicker--an uninspiring legislative agenda that will not likely generate any money for Oregon's schools in the near future. The OEA abandoned proposals for more substantial tax reforms, like extending the temporary tax hikes on corporations and the wealthy passed by Oregon voters in 2009.
Meanwhile, Oregon's Democratic governor, rather than pushing for more education funding is focused on setting up unfunded mandates for Oregon's schools. In order to receive a waiver from the federal No Child Left Behind (NCLB) law, the governor pushed through an education bill that created "Achievement Compacts"--which seem remarkably similar to the punitive provisions of No Child Left Behind.
As Reynolds teacher Tricia Snyder-Neiwert writes, "In this brave new world of the NCLB waiver, schools will compete for state dollars; schools who don't meet outcomes will be put into receivership; the waiver will still rely on high-stakes testing to measure student, teacher and school success; schools will still be labeled; curriculum will continue to narrow; and our precious resources will go into data collection, new assessment and testing programs, and new curriculum and training."
With the focus on increased testing and accountability, and the refusal to tax the rich and corporations, teachers and public schools are being set up to fail. In a state that already has the 5th-worst class sizes in the nation, this corporate attack on education is pushing teachers and students to the breaking point.
THIS IS why it is so crucial that Oregon's teachers are beginning to use their most powerful weapon--the strike. As Eagle Point Spanish teacher Megan Williamson put it the night before they went on strike, "I'm willing to go on strike tomorrow, because I'm standing up not just for myself and my colleagues, but for my students, for my own child, for the health of education in this country. I want to provide the best quality education I can as a teacher, and I will not tolerate a watered-down educational system."
But as we've seen in Oregon over the last month, the willingness to go on strike does not guarantee victory. This is especially true when school boards and politicians are attempting to use the budget crises as an excuse to break teacher unions. As Eagle Point teacher Jay Schroder writes:
We came into this situation under-organized and under-prepared. Even after our strike vote, up until they closed the schools and kicked us out, we were all pretty optimistic that we could reach a settlement. We've had other down to-the-wire bargaining experiences, so this wasn't a particularly new thing for us. But something has changed. This isn't bargaining as usual. Our bargaining team has bent over backwards trying to accommodate the district's demands, but no matter what we've offered, even when we give their own language back to them, it isn't enough. They have forced this strike now because in this economic climate, they believe they can break the union. In letters home to parents, in robo-calls made through out the district, in lies to the news media, and in Dennis Richardson's e-mail blast, we have been slandered as lazy, greedy, despicable, unreasonable, and dangerous. The latest message is that the striking employees are simply gullible tools of a nefarious union conspiracy. It's brutal and it's awful, and it is shocking. Our opponents are organized, well-resourced, have been planning this for a long time, and will go to no ends to break us if they can. Be ready.
It's that in order to begin winning strikes--and winning a better future for Oregon's schools--a much higher level of organization will be needed. Over the last year, several new groups have formed with that goal in mind.
One example is Portland Area Social Equality Educators, which is bringing together educators in several school districts to collaborate in building union power. The group planning a march on the national office of anti-union, pro-corporate Stand for Children. Other groups organizing teachers, parents and students together like Oregon Save Our Schools and UPSET will be crucial in building a broader movement to save public education.
Those concerned about Oregon's public schools should join these organizations and help to deepen their roots in communities across Oregon. We must demand that the richest nation on earth allocate enough resources to compensate its teachers adequately and to provide every child with a meaningful, holistic education.
